Police say a 24 - year - old Nebraska man is missing a chunk of his right ear that was bitten off by a woman who did n't like being called " fat " .
Police spokeswoman Katie Flood said officers were called to a Nebraska hospital around 3.25 am Wednesday to talk to the injured man .
He told them that he'd been bitten at a party .
Flood said officers later learned that the injured man and two others had been arguing with other people at the birthday party .
Flood says the man told 21 - year - old Anna Godfrey that she was fat .
Officers said Godfrey then tackled the man and took a bite .
Flood said the ear chunk was not found .
Godfrey was arrested on suspicion of felony assault and remained in custody Wednesday .
Case records do n't yet list her attorney 's name
You might think that underwear , of all things , would be least susceptible to our tendency to gadgetize absolutely everything around us .
Guess again : A few courageous entrepreneurs have come up with a gaggle of garments — call them undie upgrades — that combine tech and tighty whities .
From coping with global warming to protecting against radiation to maintaining proper hygiene , these are some of our favorite geeky undergarments .
What ’s your verdict : Useful or ridiculous ?
Or do you have your own favorite geeky underwear concepts ?
Let us know in the comments !
Above :
While scientists and politicians bicker about climate change , responsible consumers have altered their habits to cut down on waste and greenhouse gases .
But are they prepared to insert heated pads into their cups to ward off nippy conditions ?
Utility companies in Japan initiated a conservation effort during 2005 , aimed at reducing carbon emissions .
Thermostats were kept at 68 degrees and citizens asked to dress more warmly at home and work .
Triumph International collaborated by introducing the Warm Biz Bra which contains two reheatable gelatinous pouches .
The chili bangle adornment located between the two cups lights up when a comfortable temperature is achieved .
Unfortunately , there are no statistics on how much electricity is used by microwaving bra pouches .
In Japan , astronauts have teamed up with scientists to develop and test a new line of garments which can be worn for weeks at a time without requiring washing .
The Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency sent Takao Doi to test antibacterial materials by performing strenuous exercise in zero gravity .
In space , crew members must go days without changing their clothes , so in addition to being sleek and sexy , the astro - fabric is supposedly flame - and odor - resistant , insulating and quick - drying .
Special socks accompany the outfits , with a separate pouch for the big toe , enabling astronauts to use their feet as hands .
With texting drivers , compulsive Facebook checkers and chatty Cathys in the movie theater , our ability to communicate 24/7 is not always a good thing .
But what about the radiation from those ubiquitous smartphones ?
While the jury ’s still out on whether it ’s dangerous or not , some people are taking no chances : Italian clothing maker Kissbaby is working to ensure future generations will be born healthy enough to drive poorly , text incessantly and blab ceaselessly .
Responding to an absolute lack of scientific consensus regarding the medical consequences of home appliance radiation , the Milan - based company launched their line of radiation - shielding maternity clothes in 2004 .
Fashion - conscious , the company ’s designers combined double - layered cotton - polyester blends with tinsel , which may or may not be the same material used to adorn Christmas trees .
Particularly paranoid expectant mothers can add a removable protective lining which , Kissbaby claims , will block 100 percent of electromagnetic radiation being aimed at their unborn .
Keeping your job is the new raise , but overtime can take a toll on the body .
Now companies looking to cut down on ergonomic evaluations have a demeaning way of keeping you in line .
Austrian design student Talia Elena Radford Cryns was awarded 3,000 euro and a Dyson vacuum cleaner for inventing a shirt that corrects poor posture through nanotechnological torture .
The student presented her nefarious invention during 2007 ’s Adolf Loos Staatspreis design competition .
This ergonomic undershirt would be laced with sensors and pistons , programmed to evaluate ideal muscle positioning .
When your shoulder slumps , a “ mechanical impulse ” quickly stimulates a correction .
Victims of “ ergoskin ” treatment are expected to quickly alter their behavior , sparing themselves agonizing retribution .
Obsessive boyfriends and jealous husbands rejoice :
The widespread adoption of GPS - equipped lingerie is nigh .
Actually , Lucia Iorio sees only a harmless bit of fun in her 2008 line of wired underwear .
Intended for couples looking to spice up their love lives through a little cat and mouse , the “ Find Me If You Can ” négligée was instead condemned for being a modern day chastity belt .
The Brazilian designer responded to disparaging remarks by suggesting the ensemble would also double as protection in cities suffering high rates of kidnapping .
The GPS feature is under the control of the wearer , so participation is entirely voluntary .
Blood pressure can be measured easily , but sterile doctor ’s offices and rumbling machinery cause people distress , elevating their readings .
Scientists discovered that by examining the electrical impedance of skin , they can detect variations caused by arterial pulse wave velocity which correlates with changes in blood pressure .
Data can be recorded continuously , while the patient wears the garment and goes about his or her normal day , and later downloaded for evaluation .
Bingo : More accurate blood pressure readings .
The unresolved question is this :
Why not house the gear in socks , wristbands or really anywhere other than in underwear ?
Spring Break 2011 : A massive beaching of college co-eds engulfs shorelines .
After car - pooling in Priuses and recycling their Corona bottles , these eco-conscious undergrads suit up in their solar - powered bikinis .
The air is filled with incessant chatter , cellphones and iPods fueled by sunbathing .
Tequila soaked party - goers delight in the nonstop revelry … until they decide to cool off in the shimmering ocean .
Oops : Electrical mayhem ensures .
Another promotional Triumph International creation , 2008 ’s Solar Power Bra was the company ’s big ecological coming - out party .
Confused spokespeople claimed the swimsuit was in response to oil dependency , or maybe , to promote Triumph ’s investment in solar paneling .
The organic cotton - blend suit carries a photovoltaic cell strong enough to recharge small devices and power an electric bulletin board ( “ Stop staring at me ! ” ) , two cup - hugging drink pouches with attached straws and a stern warning not to get wet .
Bearded survivalists , hunters and homicidal maniacs atop bell towers all know that swaddling your kidneys is the most efficient way to stay warm .
According to traditional Chinese medicine , the kidneys are the source of your chi , the essence of being .
Fortunately , Germany ’s warmX has your best interests at heart , offering a men’s and women ’s line of heated undershirts so you can keep your guts warm and your eyes on the prize .
These attractive undershirts come in three colors , with a 1/4 - sleeve or full - sleeve option .
The rechargeable heating units last six hours , and comes complete with surge protection should you have to escape from your snowy hideout by diving into a reservoir .
Psychotic grin not included .
Acolytes of James T. Kirk may dream of hot alien chicks , but until we actually find life in outer space the only way they have of satisfying these science fiction fetishes is glow - in - the - dark underwear .
On the plus side , lab geeks can now delight in the glow of charged phosphors , fantasizing of hot , hot radium .
This line of lingerie comes courtesy of LuminoGlow .
Stretch lace is interwoven with luminescent strands , soaking up the sun while you run errands in your underwear .
Too modest ?
Charge up the underwear by flashing your neighbors as you catch rays in your window , or furnish your boudoir with grow lamps .
And how long does the glow last after the lights go out ?
LuminoGlow coyly suggests that you experience it for yourself .
Triumph Japan ’s Marriage Hunting Bra is inspired by sobering marriage statistics and a low birth rate .
But it takes a novel and somewhat demeaning approach to reversing the trend .
Women program their ideal wedding age into the LED display , and the numbers begin the countdown to crone - hood –- a spilling of seconds that can only be stopped by the insertion of a wedding ring .
Tinny music then serenades the young lovers , who can sign their marriage certificate with the pen and seal secreted in the seams on the white lace bustier .
In a rare public comment , Apple 's public relations department responded Wednesday to criticisms from the project manager for Adobe Flash , suggesting his recent criticism of Apple was " backwards . "
In a statement to CNet 's DeepTech , Apple spokeswoman Trudy Miller fired back at Adobe 's Mike Chambers , who revealed this week that his company was abandoning its investment in a feature that would allow Flash applications to be ported natively to the iPhone OS .
Chambers also made comments suggesting that Apple 's closed system was restrictive to developers — an allegation that caught the ire of Apple .
" Someone has it backwards — it is HTML5 , CSS , JavaScript , and H.264 ( all supported by the iPhone and iPad ) that are open and standard , while Adobe 's Flash is closed and proprietary , " Apple 's Miller said in the statement .
While Apple 's stance should come as no surprise , the fact that it offered comment on the matter is unique for the notoriously secretive company .
When Apple introduced iPhone OS 4 earlier this month , company co-founder Steve Jobs was asked if there were any plans to add support for Adobe Flash .
Jobs simply responded , " No . "
But privately , Jobs has allegedly been very outspoken about Flash in recent months .
At a company meeting in January , the CEO was rumored to have called Adobe " lazy , " and said most Mac crashes are due to Flash .
" The world is moving to HTML5 , " Jobs was quoted as saying .
Jobs also allegedly called Flash a " CPU hog " in a meeting with officials from The Wall Street Journal .
The Apple co-founder was said to have called the Web format " full of security holes " and " old technology . "
Adobe employees and supporters have fired back publicly since Apple revealed the iPad , which does not support Flash .
Then , earlier this month , Apple took it one step further and specifically prohibited the development of applications using " an intermediary translation or compatibility layer tool . "
The change to the iPhone OS developer agreement means that software originally written for formats like Adobe 's Flash cannot be ported to the iPhone , iPad and iPod touch .
Adobe 's forthcoming Creative Suite 5 includes software that allows Flash developers to port their software to the iPhone , though Adobe will no longer advance that technology due to Apple 's changes .
Gerogerigegege Apr 30 , 2009
Creating paranormal images has been a hobby of mine for quite some time .
Occasionally , I stumble upon odd web sites showcasing strange photos , and I always wondered if it were possible to get one of my own chops in a book , documentary , or web site just by casually leaking it out into the web -- whether they'd be supplements to bogus stories or not .
So , let 's make a shitload ?
Pro-tip 1 : Before I export , I like to open my Levels panel , and slide my blacks and whites inward to lose true whites and true blacks .
( Makes it look more legit , no ? )
Pro-tip 2 : Try exporting your image in a very low JPG quality at first .
See if it works with the image , as well as hide minor flaws .
After all , it can " add to the effect . "
You do n't have to post your source images , unless you want to of course .
Original : http://img.waffleimages.com/9fe7ac9...812536.jpg.jpeg
Original : http://img.waffleimages.com/1198f4e...3a/original.jpg
Original : http://img.waffleimages.com/0b8edf0...3a894/piano.jpg
Asset : http://img.waffleimages.com/ffb8df0...afe8/mother.jpg
Resources :
http://www.flickr.com/photos/weiser...57602424456917/
Gerogerigegege fucked around with this message at 13:39 on Jun 8 , 2009
Fighting for isolated mountain valleys like this one , even if they are hide - outs for clusters of Taliban , was no longer sustainable .
It did more to spawn insurgents than defeat them .
Better to put those soldiers in cities and towns where they could protect people and help them connect to the Afghan government , he reasoned .
“ There ’s never a perfect answer , ” General McChrystal said as he visited this outpost on April 8 for a briefing as the withdrawal began .
“ I care deeply about everybody who has been hurt here , but I ca n’t do anything about it .
I can do something about people who might be hurt in the future .
“ The battle changes , the war changes , ” he added .
“ If you do n’t understand the dynamics , you have no chance of getting it right .
We ’ve been slower here than I would have liked . ”
Forty - two Americans died fighting in the Korangal Valley and hundreds were wounded , according to the military .
Most died in the period from 2006 to 2009 .
Many Afghan soldiers died as well , and in larger numbers , since they had poorer equipment .
In a war characterized by small , brutal battles , the Korangal had more than its share , and its abandonment has left soldiers who fought there confronting confusion , anger and pain .
Image Forty two American service men died fighting in the Korangal Valley and hundreds were wounded in the place that came to be called the Valley of Death .
Credit ... Christoph Bangert for The New York Times
“ It hurts , ” said Specialist Robert Soto of Company B , First Battalion , 26th Infantry , who spent 12 months in the valley from 2008 to 2009 .
“ It hurts on a level that — three units from the Army , we all did what we did up there .
And we all lost men .
We all sacrificed .
I was 18 years old when I got there .
I really would not have expected to go through what we went through at that age . ”
Five potential law changes are on the agenda at the International Football Association Board 's annual meeting .
Five laws to be debated at annual meeting
Five potential law changes are on the agenda at the International Football Association Board 's annual meeting .
The Board have the power to make any alterations that might be deemed necessary when they convene in Zurich on Saturday .
Fifa are keen for the custodians of the rules to discuss whether players who concede penalties should also be sent off .
The current triple - punishment means that somebody who denies the opposing team a goal - scoring opportunity is often red carded and handed a suspension as well as giving away a spot - kick .
Another issue is the feinting of run-ups when penalties are taken , with players currently allowed to stop and start if it just confuses an opponent rather than amounts to unsporting behaviour .
The role of the fourth official will also be looked into , as well as the use of additional assistant referees .
Fifa president Sepp Blatter has backed further experimentation but has rejected calls for five officials to be used at the World Cup to help spot infringements in the penalty area .
The clamour for the extra officials at South Africa grew when Thierry Henry 's handball helped France qualify at the expense of Republic of Ireland .
The subject of goal - line technology will also be debated by the IFAB , which is made up of the Football Associations of England , Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland , who each have one vote , and Fifa which has four .
Six votes are required for a rule to be changed .
halil23 posted
16/09/2020 , 03:57
My favorite hack and slash of all time only let down by the stupid / harmful screen shake gimmick , hence why I gave it 9/10
Message | Report
My favorite hack and slash of all time only let down by the stupid / harmful screen shake gimmick , hence why I gave it 9/10
thewastedyouth posted
24/12/2013 , 04:50
look at the Japan sales , man what the heck do people play there
Message | Report look at the Japan sales , man what the heck do people play there
TrevDaRev posted
04/10/2013 , 12:31
Damn !
This still has n't been adjusted ?
Message | Report Damn !
This still has n't been adjusted ?
legendarysaiyanbroly posted
16/08/2013 , 02:44
@ frozone : the story is n't great but is sure better than average , the game itself is EXCELLENT ( best hack n' slash of this generation ) , the graphics r unbelievably gorgeous ( nothing else comes close ) , GOW3 is ridiculously undertracked , and u 're very much full of it . >=)
Message | Report @ frozone : the story is n't great but is sure better than average , the game itself is EXCELLENT ( best hack n' slash of this generation ) , the graphics r unbelievably gorgeous ( nothing else comes close ) , GOW3 is ridiculously undertracked , and u 're very much full of it . >= )
Frozone posted
04/08/2012 , 03:02
The storys awful and the game is average .
Message | Report
The storys awful and the game is average .
Apparently some people are n't happy with a new ad campaign targeting Metro Detroit atheists .
, the Detroit chapter of the United Coalition of Reason purchased pro-atheist banner ads on the sides of Suburban Mobility Authority for Regional Transportation buses .
Against a sky background , they read " Do n't believe in God ?
You are not alone . "
the group says the word " Don't " was either scratched out or torn off some the ads .
" Acts like this give a striking reminder that our message is necessary , " said Ruthe Milan , coordinator of Detroit CoR .
" Without a doubt , prejudice against atheists and agnostics is still very real in American life . "
The group also says SMART replaced the ads free of charge , which originally cost $ 5,250 .
" Because this has happened , we stand even more resolved in our goal of being outspoken about our ideas , " Milan added .
" And we expect that this vandalism will convince even more nontheistic Detroiters that getting organized is important for the cause of religious liberty . "
Imagine this .
In its latest report , the IPCC has predicted up to 3 meters of sea level rise by the end of this century .
But “ climate sceptics ” websites were quick to reveal a few problems ( or “ tricks ” , as they called it ) .
First , although the temperature scenarios of IPCC project a maximum warming of 6.4 ºC ( Table SPM3 ) , the upper limit of sea level rise has been computed assuming a warming of 7.6 ºC .
Second , the IPCC chose to compute sea level rise up to the year 2105 rather than 2100 – just to add that extra bit of alarmism .
Worse , the IPCC report shows that over the past 40 years , sea level has in fact risen 50 % less than predicted by its models – yet these same models are used uncorrected to predict the future !
And finally , the future projections assume a massive ice sheet decay which is rather at odds with past ice sheet behaviour .
Some scientists within IPCC warned early that all this could lead to a credibility problem , but the IPCC decided to go ahead anyway .
Now , the blogosphere and their great media amplifiers are up in arms .
Heads must roll !
Unthinkable ?
Indeed .
I am convinced that IPCC would never have done this .
But here is what actually did happen .
In its latest report , the IPCC has predicted up to 59 cm of sea level rise by the end of this century .
But realclimate soon revealed a few problems .
First , although the temperature scenarios of IPCC project a maximum warming of 6.4 ºC ( Table SPM3 ) , the upper limit of sea level rise has been computed for a warming of only 5.2 ºC – which reduced the estimate by about 15 cm.
Second , the IPCC chose to compute sea level rise up to the year 2095 rather than 2100 – just to cut off another 5 cm .
Worse , the IPCC report shows that over the past 40 years , sea level has in fact risen 50 % more than predicted by its models – yet these same models are used uncorrected to predict the future !
And finally , the future projections assume that the Antarctic ice sheet gains mass , thus lowering sea level , rather at odds with past ice sheet behaviour .**
Some scientists within IPCC warned early that all this could lead to a credibility problem , but the IPCC decided to go ahead anyway .
Nobody cared about this .
I mention this because there is a lesson in it .
IPCC would never have published an implausibly high 3 meter upper limit like this , but it did not hesitate with the implausibly low 59 cm .
That is because within the IPCC culture , being “ alarmist ” is bad and being “ conservative ” ( i.e. underestimating the potential severity of things ) is good .
Note that this culture is the opposite of “ erring on the safe side ” ( assuming it is better to have overestimated the problem and made the transition to a low - carbon society a little earlier than needed , rather than to have underestimated it and sunk coastal cities and entire island nations ) .
Just to avoid any misunderstandings here : I am squarely against exaggerating climate change to “ err on the safe side ” .
I am deeply convinced that scientists must avoid erring on any side , they must always give the most balanced assessment they are capable of ( and that is why I have often spoken up against “ alarmist ” exaggeration of climate science , see e.g. here and here ) .
Why do I find this IPCC problem far worse than the Himalaya error ?
Because it is not a slip - up by a Working Group 2 author who failed to properly follow procedures and cited an unreliable source .
Rather , this is the result of intensive deliberations by Working Group 1 climate experts .
Unlike the Himalaya mistake , this is one of the central predictions of IPCC , prominently discussed in the Summary for Policy Makers .
What went wrong in this case needs to be carefully looked at when considering future improvements to the IPCC process .
And let ’s see whether we learn another lesson here , this time about society and the media .
Will this evidence for an underestimation of the climate problem by IPCC , presented by an IPCC lead author who studies sea level , be just as widely reported and discussed as , say , faulty claims by a blogger about “ Amazongate ” ?
p.s. Recent sea level results .
A number of broadly based assessments have appeared since the last IPCC report , which all conclude that global sea level rise by the year 2100 could exceed one meter :
The assessment of the Dutch Delta Commission , the Synthesis Report of the Copenhagen Climate Congress , the Copenhagen Diagnosis report as well as the SCAR report on Antarctic Climate Change .
This is also the conclusion of a number of recent peer - reviewed papers : Rahmstorf 2007 , Horton et al .
2008 , Pfeffer et al .
2008 , Grinsted et al.
2009 , Vermeer and Rahmstorf 2009 , Jevrejeva et al. 2010 ( in press with GRL ) .
The notable exception – Siddall et al. 2009 – was withdrawn by its authors after we revealed numerical errors on Realclimate .
This is a good example of self - correction in science ( in stark contrast with the climate sceptics ’ practice of endlessly perpetuating false information ) .
Rather bizarrely , Fox News managed to turn this into the headline “ More Questions About Validity of Global Warming Theory “ .
** About the numbers stated above .
Regarding the actual IPCC AR4 numbers , adjust the IPCC upper estimate of 59 cm by adding 15 cm to make it apply to 6.4 ºC warming ( not just 5.2 ºC ) and 5 cm to make it go up to 2100 ( not just 2095 ) .
That gives you 79 cm .
Add 50 % to adjust for the underestimation of past sea level rise and you get 119 cm .
For the hypothetical case at the start of this post , just introduce similar errors in the other direction .
Let ’s add 31 cm by going up to 7.6 ºC and the year 2105 ( in fact that is “ conservative ” but it gives a nice round number , 150 cm ) .
Now assume you have a model compared to which actual sea level is rising 50 % slower ( rather 50 % faster ) : now you ’re at the 3 meters mentioned above .
For details , see The IPCC sea level numbers .
Geneva
- " The International Air Transport Association ( IATA ) announced that February 2010 international scheduled air traffic showed continued strengthening of demand .
Compared to February 2009 , passenger demand was up 9.5 % , while cargo demand grew 26.5 % ( see chart above ) .
These are strong gains , but it must be noted that February 2009 marked the bottom of the cycle for passenger traffic during the global economic recession .
Passenger demand must recover by a further 1.4 % to return to pre-crisis levels .
Cargo hit bottom in December 2008 , with little improvement realized by February 2009 .
Cargo traffic , which plunged much further than passenger demand , has a further 3 % to recover in order to return to pre-crisis levels .
“ We are moving in the right direction .
In two to three months , the industry should be back to pre-recession traffic levels .
This is still not a full recovery .
The task ahead is to adjust to two years of lost growth , ” said Giovanni Bisignani , IATA ’s Director General and CEO .
The highlight for February was improved load factors which stood at 75.5 % .
Considering that February is traditionally the weakest month for travel , and if seasonally adjusted , this translates to an all - time record February load factor of 79.3 % . "
Man Vs. Debt
Sell your crap .
Pay off your debt .
Do what you love .
With a razor - sharp mind and a butcher ’s knack for finding the soft underbelly of American society , stand - up comic Bill Hicks sliced through pop culture with a white - hot intensity rarely seen .
And then he died .
Now the late outlaw comic ’s story is being told in American : The Bill Hicks Story , a documentary that combines Hicks ’ righteous performances with vivid animation and interviews with his friends and admirers .
Hicks ’ bold and belligerent takes on drugs , politics , religion and philosophy remain relevant more than a decade after his death in 1994 of pancreatic cancer at the age of 32 .
His hard - hitting rants can be heard on 1990 ’s Dangerous and 1992 ’s Relentless as well as posthumous releases Arizona Bay and Rant in E - Minor .
Get an exclusive first look at the American : The Bill Hicks Story trailer above .
The movie makes its North American premiere Friday at the South by Southwest Film Festival and Conference .
Follow us on Twitter : @lewiswallace and @theunderwire .
See Also :
Wachovia has agreed to pay US prosecutors 160 million dollars for its failure to stop drug money being laundered to Mexican affiliates , the DEA said Wednesday .
The embattled bank admitted it failed to stop an estimated 110 million dollars from being sent from the US to Mexico by wire transfer that was used to buy cocaine - transporting aircraft .
The Drug Enforcement Administration said Wachovia - run foreign exchange houses in Mexico — or casas de cambio ( CDCs ) — were involved in the illicit trades between 2004 and 2007 .
ADVERTISEMENT
At least four aircraft bought with the cash were later seized along with large quantities of cocaine , by unnamed foreign governments .
The DEA said the bank had agreed to pay the fine to “ resolve charges that it willfully failed to establish an anti-money laundering program . ”
“ In light of Wachovia ’s willingness to acknowledge responsibility for its actions and omissions … the government has agreed to defer prosecution of the criminal charge in the information for 12 months , ” the agency said .
Wachovia , which was taken over by Wells Fargo in a crisis - inspired fire sale in 2008 , was given five days to pay the fine .
Although Wachovia admitted that 110 million dollars could have been laundered , the DEA said “ Wachovia failed to effectively monitor for potential money laundering activity more than 420 billion dollars in financial transactions with the CDCs . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
MORE :
Health Canada has approved a new rapid nasal swab for COVID - 19 , and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said that ' in the coming weeks , ' Canadians will be able ...
Health Canada has approved a new rapid nasal swab for COVID - 19 , and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said that ' in the coming weeks , ' Canadians will be able ...
Health Canada approves rapid COVID testing device as Canada braces for caseload spikes Health Canada regulators today approved the ID NOW rapid COVID - 19 testing device for use in this country — a move that could result in millions more tests for ... amp video_youtube CBC.ca 7 hours ago bookmark_border share more_vert
Watership
Down is the tale of a group of rabbits in search of a home .
Fiver , a small , young rabbit , has a gift :
He can tell when things are going to happen and he can sense whether they will be good or bad .
Fiver foresees great danger to the rabbits ' home warren .
His brother Hazel , who is slightly larger and helps take care of Fiver , takes Fiver to the Chief Rabbit , the Threarah .
Fiver tells the Threarah that he foresees great danger , but the Chief Rabbit does not believe him .
Hazel decides that they must leave the warren , so he recruits two of his friends , Dandelion and Blackberry , and Pipkin , a friend of Fiver .
Bigwig , one of the leading members of the warren ( the Owsla ) , believes Fiver and wants to go with them .
They decide to try to convince other rabbits to come ; Silver , Buckthorn , Hawkbit , Speedwell , and Acorn all go with them .
Hazel is their leader , and he takes advice from Fiver about where to go .
The rabbits go through several adventures before Hazel successfully brings them to a field where they believe they can live .
But the field is already inhabited by a group of rabbits , who seem strange but let the travelers stay with them .
Fiver warns the rabbits not to join the new warren , but they do not listen to him because the living is easy and there is food for everyone .
There is something odd about the warren , but they cannot figure out what it is .
Finally , after an argument with Fiver , Bigwig gets caught in a snare .
Hazel and the other rabbits manage to get him out , although they get no help from the rabbits who live in the warren .
Fiver figures it all out , explaining to the group that a farmer leaves the great food behind for the rabbits in order to fatten them up before he catches them in his snares .
They decide to leave , and one rabbit from the new warren , Strawberry , comes with them .
The rabbits travel on until they reach Watership Down .
At the top there is a perfect field for a rabbit warren .
They settle down in the field , but then Hazel realizes that they need does ( female rabbits ) to mate with , as they have only bucks and their warren will not last long without does .
Holly and Bluebell , two survivors from their home warren , find the rabbits and tell them of a horrible poisoning that occurred .
The rabbits befriend a wounded bird , Kehaar , and after he heals he searches for other warrens so they can get some does .
Kehaar finds a warren a few days away , as well as some rabbits living in the farm next to the down .
The rabbits send an expedition to the warren ( Efrafa ) to try to bring back some does , and Hazel sets up a raid to free the rabbits in the farm .
The get three of the four rabbits out , although Hazel is badly injured and thought dead until Fiver goes back and saves him .
The expedition comes back roughed up , describing Efrafa as a horrible warren run by a militaristic warlord , General Woundwort .
Hazel decides that they must go to Efrafa and get some does , because otherwise they will not survive .
He has Blackberry come up with a plan , and then the group sets off , leaving behind a few rabbits at the warren .
Along with Blackberry , they sneak to a hiding place close to Efrafa , at which time Bigwig enters the warren , pretending to be a solitary rabbit .
He finds a doe , Hyzenthlay , who helps him set up a plan to escape .
With the help of Kehaar and his own strength and cunning , Bigwig engineers a masterful escape , and the whole groups flees on a boat just as General Woundwort is about to attack them .
However , on the way back to Watership Down , a patrol from Efrafa bumps into them , and Captain Campion tracks them and finds their warren .
Soon after they return , a mouse whom Hazel had earlier saved brings him news that there is a large number of rabbits close by .
They realize that the Efrafans have brought a large force to destroy them .
Hazel immediately sets the rabbits to work preparing to defend the warren .
They bury themselves in and prepare to fight off the invaders , even though they know it will likely cost them their lives .
Hazel gets a flash of inspiration and runs off with Dandelion and Blackberry to try to release the dog from the farmhouse and get him to attack the Efrafan rabbits .
Meanwhile , Bigwig faces Woundwort in a tremendous battle .
Woundwort is bigger and stronger than any other rabbit , but Bigwig defeats him , and soon afterward the dog comes and scatters the Efrafan forces .
A cat catches Hazel , but the girl who lives at the farm saves the rabbit and lets him go .
The rabbits live happily in their warren and Campion returns to run the Efrafan warren .
They decide to build a third warren halfway between the two and fill it with rabbits from each warren .
Hazel lives several years , longer than most rabbits live , and he sees the warren prosper and thrive before he dies .
People who lie on online dating services likely are people - pleasers who want to present themselves in the most favorable light to get someone to like them -- just as they would in face - to - face dating , according to a University of Kansas researcher .
Jeffrey Hall , assistant professor of communication studies , surveyed more than 5,000 participants in a national Internet matchmaking service to determine what kinds of people are most likely to lie during the online dating process .
He asked them how likely they were to lie about topics such as assets , relationship goals , personal interests , personal attributes , past relationships , age and weight .
" What people lie about depends on what kind of people they are , " Hall said .
" For example , if you 're an extrovert , you might downplay the number of past relationships you 've had because chances are you 've had more relationships than an introvert . "
Those most likely to lie during online dating experiences are " high self - monitors " -- people who have an acute sense of what people like and control their behavior to achieve social ends .
Their actions are not necessarily manipulative , Hall said , but rather reflect a desire to be liked and to fit in .
Hall 's research was published in the February issue of the Journal of Social and Personal Relationships .
In the study , men admitted to lying more overall , but women were most likely to lie about their weight .
Because online daters hope to meet face - to - face eventually , the amount of lying is quite small , Hall said .
" Online daters should n't be concerned that most people are presenting a false impression of themselves , " Hall said .
" What influences face - to - face dating influences the online world , too . "
Georgia 's Supreme Court is upholding the government 's right to put non-sex offenders on the state 's sex - offender registry , highlighting a little - noticed ( but growing ) nationwide practice .
Atlanta criminal defense attorney Ann Marie Fitz estimated that perhaps thousands of convicts convicted of non-sexual crimes have been placed in sex - offender databases .
Fitz represents a convict who was charged with false imprisonment when he was 18 for briefly detaining a 17 - year - old girl during a soured drug deal .
He unsuccessfully challenged his mandatory , lifelong sex - offender listing to the Georgia Supreme Court , which ruled against him Monday .
Under the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2007 , the states are required to have statutes demanding sex - offender registration for those convicted of kidnapping or falsely imprisoning minors .
The Georgia court ruled that the plain meaning of " sex offender " was overridden by the state 's law .
" Rainer 's belief that the term ' sexual offender ' may only apply to offenders who commit sexual offenses against minors does not change the fact that the definition provided in the statute , and not the definition that Rainer wishes to impose upon the statute , controls , " the court 's majority said .
Two judges in dissent wrote that , because registration limits where offenders may live , work and congregate , it " is not a requirement that should be imposed cavalierly . "
Fitz 's client , Jake Rainer , is waiting to see if Georgia changes its law before asking the U.S. Supreme Court to review his registration requirement .
Fitz argues that that being forced to register as a sex offender , without having committed a sex crime , is cruel and unusual punishment .
In addition to the obvious stigma associated with deviant behavior , listed offenders cannot live near schools or work with children .
Additionally , their photos are often publicly available online , they 're banned from social networking sites , and they must get permission to travel across state lines .
The nation 's high court has upheld sex - offender registration statutes as applied to sex offenders , but has n't heard a case involving convicts who have not committed sex offenses .
The decision by Georgia 's high court ( . pdf ) follows high - profile snafus in which the authorities failed to keep tabs on registered sex deviants who committed heinous crimes while on post - prison supervision .
A registered sex offender held Jaycee Dugard captive and raped her for years in California unbeknownst to a parole officer who visited the property where the ongoing crimes were taking place .
The authorities also regularly checked the home of Ohio registered sex offender Anthony Sowell .
They eventually found 10 buried bodies there only after a woman accused him of rape in September .
Still , Rainer has an uphill legal battle .
Georgia 's high court said his registration " advances the state 's legitimate goal of informing the public for purposes of protecting children from those who would harm them . "
And when it comes to criminal statutes , the U.S. Supreme court is on the side of states ' rights .
In 2003 , for example , the justices dismissed cruel - and - unusual punishment claims brought by a California man imprisoned for life for stealing golf clubs .
See Also :
The chance to charge higher ticket prices has every Hollywood studio rushing to retrofit their 2D spectacles into 3D .
Some directors are pushing back , concerned there ’s an imminent future of cheesy - looking 3D that will stunt the momentum created by Avatar .
“ After Toy Story , there were 10 really bad CG movies because everybody thought the success of that film was CG and not great characters that were beautifully designed and heartwarming , ” Avatar ’s James Cameron told me recently .
“ Now , you ’ve got people quickly converting movies from 2D to 3D , which is not what we did .
They ’re expecting the same result , when in fact they will probably work against the adoption of 3D because they ’ll be putting out an inferior product . ”
That certainly did n’t happen with Alice in Wonderland , which is grossed huge and gave Disney leverage to shorten the window between theatrical and DVD .
The next big test for retro - fit 3D comes with the April 2 opening of Clash of the Titans .
The film is tracking well , but also building a buzz that it is an imperfect movie that will greatly benefit at the box office because of its last minute 3D conversion .
Hard conversion conversations are being had now at studios on films that include Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides , The Chronicles of Narnia : Voyage of the Dawn Treader , Gulliver ’s Travels and The Hobbit .
Executives are weighing competitive issues and the potential benefits of higher ticket prices against the $ 100,000 per running time minute that is being used as a rule - of - thumb conversion cost .
Not every filmmaker is as high on the conversion process as studios like Warner Bros seem to be .
“ I shoot complicated stuff , I put real elements into action scenes and honestly , I am not sold right now on the conversion process , ” says Michael Bay .
Paramount and DreamWorks are pressuring him to allow Transformers 3 to be dimensional - ized after the fact , because there simply is n’t enough time to shoot with 3D camera and post the film between now and its July 1 , 2011 release date .
Cameron took his time on Avatar , and will do the same with the elaborate Fantastic Voyage remake he ’s producing for Fox .
His longtime 3D documentary collaborator , Andrew Wight , did the same when he produced the underwater thriller Sanctum .
Conversions , on the other hand , are rush jobs done right before release dates .
Bay investigated shooting at least some Transformers 3 footage with 3D cameras , but found them too heavy and cumbersome for the fast pace action scenes he shoots .
Bay feels the process of sending out 2D film for 3D conversion is more problematic and pricey than studios are admitting .
Too often , companies selling 3D retrofitting services arrive with a sharp demo reel , but leave with a deer - in - the - headlights look when Bay gives them his own footage to convert , on a tight deadline .
“ I am trying to be sold , and some companies are still working on the shots I gave them , ” Bay said .
“ Right now , it looks like fake 3D , with layers that are very apparent .
You go to the screening room , you are hoping to be thrilled , and you ’re thinking , huh , this kind of sucks .
People can say whatever they want about my movies , but they are technically precise , and if this is n’t going to be excellent , I do n’t want to do it .
And it is my choice . ”
Bay uses the same top - shelf crews and visual effects teams on all his films , and he bolstered the quality of his Transformers 3 cast with Frances McDormand and John Malkovich .
He objects to the idea of handing over his finished film to an unproven process–and people who have n’t had time to develop a level of trust with him –with a release date bearing down on him .
Said Bay : “ I ’m used to having the A - team working on my films , and I ’m going to hand it over to the D - team , have it shipped to India and hope for the best ?
This conversion process is always going to be inferior to shooting in real 3D .
Studios might be willing to sacrifice the look and use the gimmick to make $ 3 more a ticket , but I ’m not .
Avatar took four years .
You ca n’t just shit out a 3D movie .
I ’m saying , the jury is still out . ”
Bay also disputes the $ 100,000 per minute conversation cost estimate .
Try between $ 120,000 to $ 150,000 per minute , he said , with a top - shelf conversion of Transformers 3 costing $ 30 million .
In the end , Bay might have little choice but take the plunge if the film is to generate the highest possible global gross against competition like Pirates of the Caribbean , which is likely to go 3D .
Fox is having the same discussions right now on The Voyage of the Dawn Treader and Gulliver ’s Travels , and Warner Bros and New Line will start the debate on The Hobbit as soon as Guillermo del Toro , Peter Jackson and their co-writers turn in the script for the second installment within a month .
I ’m told Fox is leaning toward conversions on both of its films , and who can blame them , even though the price tag could be more than $ 20 million ?
Narnia opens Dec. 10 , sandwiched between 3D titles Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows ( November 19 ) , Tron Legacy ( December 17 ) , and Yogi Bear ( December 17 ) .
Gulliver ’s Travels opens Dec. 22 .
Is it suicide to be the 2D holdout in a 3D family film holiday season ?
The Warners discussions on The Hobbit are equally intriguing .
Initially , del Toro favored a 2D shoot on film , insiders said .
But Warners is sitting on a potential gold mine , looking at an extra theatrical and ancillary revenue cycle if the studio spends $ 60 million or so to convert the original Lord of the Rings trilogy .
It will be an all or nothing decision on five LOTR films , because Warners will not convert LOTR then release a pair of 2D Hobbit films that look visually inferior .
Sanctum ’s
Wight said the process of shooting with 3D cameras will become streamlined and the norm .
He shot Sanctum in 3D , in underwater caves , on a $ 30 million budget , but then again , Wight helped Cameron road test the equipment on the deep sea documentaries they did together .
Wight is concerned that inferior conversions will harm the market , but figures audiences will be savvy enough to smell stiffs using quick 3D conversions as crutches .
“ Avatar proved people will pay a premium for value , ” Wight said .
“ It ’s like Heinz Ketchup .
Once you ’ve tasted it you ’ll go to as many markets as you need to find it when you run out .
With Avatar , they tasted something really good , and they want more .
People are n’t going to say , well this movie looks like crap , but I ’ll go and hope the 3D is good .
As a community , we need to do this right and have quality control , because the bad things out there diminish the value and the more good stuff out there , the more people will be inclined to go see these movies . ”
When I spoke to him during Oscar season , Cameron was also concerned about the 3D virgin directors who were thrust into big stereoscopic shoots , like ( 500 ) Days of Summer director Marc Webb on the 3D Spider - Man reboot .
Cameron said he has volunteered himself to be a 3D crisis counselor to any director who asks , and he called for the DGA to organize seminars to help filmmakers understand the benefits and pitfalls of the technology .
He could tell problems would abound when Avatar opened and the most effusive reactions came from studios moved more by higher ticket prices than artistry .
“ This is another example of Hollywood getting it wrong , ” Cameron said .
“ Sony says , we ’re doing Spider - Man in 3D . ’
The director does n’t say , ` Hey , I want to make the movie in 3D . ’
The studio says , ` You want to direct this movie ?
You ’re doing it in 3D , motherfucker ! ’
That ’s not how it should be .
I ’ve tried for the last seven years to get filmmakers excited , and they all hung back while Pixar and DreamWorks did animation and me and a couple others did live action .
We prove the point , and now filmmakers are being told to make their movies in 3D . ”
Actor Colin Farrell is supporting an Irish campaign against homophobic bullying .
The 31 - year - old star , who is from Dublin , spoke out for LGBT charity Belong To ’s STAND UP !
campaign .
His brother Eamon , 37 , is gay and Farrell was the best man at his civil partnership ceremony in 2008 .
Farrell said : “ I ca n’t remember much about the years of physical and emotional abuse my brother Eamon suffered .
I was very small .
The thing I do remember though , quite literally , is blood on his school shirt when he came home in the afternoon .
The beatings and taunting were very frequent for my him and a constant part of his school years .
“ People are often afraid of difference .
They feel that anything that causes fear , should be turned away from .
My brother represented fear for so many people , but caused joy in my life .
From a very young age he made me laugh with his intelligence and wit , made me aspire to his strength and goodness .
He was to be embraced .
“ To many of the students of his school however he was to be feared .
He was to be turned away from .
I did n’t understand it then , and I still do n’t know . ”
Farrell added that bullying was “ torture ” and “ potentially fatal ” and should have no place in the world .
The charity ’s campaign is a week - long event to raise awareness of the issues faced by LGBT young people .
It will run from April 9th – 18th and this year is the first time the event has been held .
The body of legendary singer James Brown has gone missing from its crypt , one of his daughters claims .
Brown , known as the Godfather of Soul , was put in the temporary crypt at daughter Deanna ’s South Carolina home while plans for a public mausoleum are finalised .
But illegitimate daughter , 48 - year - old LaRhonda Pettit , now insists his remains have been moved to prevent her carrying out an autopsy to discover his true cause of death .
Brown died on Christmas Day 2006 in Atlanta aged 73 , reportedly of a heart attack following a bout of pneumonia .
But LaRhonda claims he may have been killed by people trying to get their hands on his money .
She said : “ My daddy ’s body has disappeared .
I have no clue where it was taken but I need to know where it is .
“ I ’m convinced his death was suspicious and I want those responsible brought to justice .
The only way to do that is to exhume his body and have an autopsy .
“ I cannot understand why one was never conducted , especially as his death seemed so mysterious .
It was common knowledge daddy took illegal drugs until his death .
“ He was also hooked on various prescription painkillers .
At the very least there were enablers who helped cause his death . ”
Brown , famous for hits such as I Got You ( I Feel Good ) , lived on a 62 - acre estate in South Carolina – where he was rumoured to have buried some of his £ 120 million fortune .
LaRhonda said he may have been murdered by people seeking that cash .
She added : “ There were reports he may even have been beaten up before he died , perhaps by someone looking for money on his property . ”
Former air hostess LaRhonda is among a dozen people who came forward after Brown ’s death claiming to be his illegitimate children .
A DNA study said she is 99.99 % likely to be his daughter .
LaRhonda claims Brown , who had nine children by four wives , had an affair with her mum after picking her out of the crowd at one of his concert in the eartly 60s .
Brown ’s will , which is at the centre of a legal row , named six children as beneficiaries .
LaRhonda is not among them .
LaRhonda ’s lawyer has said she may make a claim on Brown ’s estate .
At the least , she would like her two daughters to be included in a trust the singer set up to pay for the education of his grandchildren .
Last week , Dr. Judith Curry , climate scientist from Georgia Institute of Technology , admitted on Watt's Up With That that climate scientists needed to do a better job of communication in order to reestablish trust after the debacle of Climategate .
In reply , both sides , warmist and skeptic , ripped her to shreds .
That , Dr. Curry wrote , showed that she had probably got it right .
See also Science and the Toxic Scare Machine - editor
In fact , Dr. Curry does n't have a clue .
If she is talking about communication and trust , then she is merely talking about public relations -- fancy footwork in the dance of politics .
Today in America , we have a climate science that plays second fiddle to climate politics .
It is just a prop for the Al Gores and the environmentalists and their program of political power .
It is disgraceful but true .
Scientists today serve as loyal subalterns in the army of government power .
The narrative of the disinterested scientist is a myth .
Scientists get their money from government , and in return , they dance to the music of big government .
That is science 's Big Problem .
It all started in 1806 , when the Prussians invented the research university as part of their plan to strengthen the state and defeat the French .
Pretty soon , Marx invented " scientific socialism " to create a synergy between knowledge and political power .
Social science developed knowledge that governments used to control people with the administrative state .
Of course , governments reward their supporters .
Physicists helped government get a nice big bomb , and government gives physicists great big particle accelerators to play with as a reward .
Biologists work for government doing the science for environmental impact statements ; climate scientists work for government to support the politics of climate change .
If you wonder why college professors all vote Democratic , just follow the money .
Curiously , in the year the Germans got all this going and opened the University of Berlin , someone figured out that there was going to be a problem .
Goethe published the first part of Faust in 1806 .
At least Goethe 's scientist hero in 1806 understood that his search for the essence of life was a pact with the Devil .
Our modern scientists do n't possess that level of self - consciousness .
They do n't believe in the Devil , so they do n't have a problem .
In her Watt 's Up With That article , Dr. Curry blandly writes about " what some have called a ' monolithic climate denial machine . '
Skeptical research published by academics provided fodder for the think tanks and advocacy groups , which were fed by money provided by the oil industry . "
There are peer - reviewed article about this -- for instance , " The Organization of Denial : Conservative Think Tanks and Environmental Skepticism " in Environmental Politics in June 2008 .
It teaches that oil companies did contribute to the skeptic campaign as part of the Global Climate Coalition in the 1990s , but that they withdrew after the 2001 IPCC report .
Since then , the conservative think - tanks have struggled on in denial alone , although Media Matters thinks otherwise .
Modern scientists like Dr. Judith Curry are not in the least disturbed by the dance between knowledge and power .
They know , of course , that dancing for the Pentagon is bad .
They know that lap - dancing for Big Oil is bad .
But it never occurs to them that the dance between scientists and government in climate science might make them ethically challenged .
Anyway , as members of the " educated class , " they fully endorse the program of the governing elite -- as they should .
It 's easy to sneer at the scientists .
They accept the idea that corporate money might taint their science .
But that is the limit of their ethical universe .
That government money might corrupt the scientist is beyond the ken of modern scientific ethicism .
The scandal is not that scientists are ethically challenged when it comes to living on the government dollar .
Nor is it shocking that scientists have conspired with politicians to falsify results or to anathematize the opponents of the politicians .
A political servitor should do no less .
The scandal is that politics has so enveloped science into its worship of power and its ritual of force that decent practitioners of science like Dr. Judith Curry utterly lack an appreciation of their debasement and their servitude .
In the theory of the Greater Separation of Powers that I have developed from Michael Novak 's Spirit of Democratic Capitalism , the solution is obvious .
We must have a separation of science and state .
Science , as a part of the moral / cultural sector , must be separate from government and the political sector .
But how can we create a scientific tradition that can liberate science from its servility ?
Will it take a Moses to lead the scientists out of the land of Egypt into the wilderness until the servile generation dies out ?
One thing we know : That Moses wo n't be President Obama .
He 's increased the government 's research budgets substantially over the benighted levels in the Bush administration .
Expect America 's scientists to be suitably , and ingratiatingly , grateful .
This is probably another development that Microsoft wo n’t be too happy about , but it ’s not like they can stop you from tinkering with your phone , right ?
Now , after the HTC Touch HD has been hacked to run Android , we ’ve got wind of a HTC Touch Pro2 running Ubuntu Linux8.04 .
Of course , the OS is really meant for laptops and desktops , but again , nobody can stop you from having some fun , right ?
You ’re free to give it a try by loading the files onto the memory card , and running haret.exe , though we ’d strongly suggest you backup your files and settings before giving this a test drive .
In case you need more information on how cool this is , check out the video after the jump .
Advertising
Filed in .
Read more about HTC , Htc Touch Pro2 , Linux , Ubuntu and Windows Mobile .
What is your idea of perfect happiness ?
Being in love while organizing my closet .
What is your greatest fear ?
Waking up after a sleepover at John Waters ’s house and finding my sleeping bag is n’t zipped up the same way as when I passed out .
Or “ President Palin . ”
What is your greatest extravagance ?
Hope .
What is your current state of mind ?
Cautiously pessimistic .
What do you consider the most overrated virtue ?
Sobriety .
On what occasion do you lie ?
To advance my personal agenda .
What do you dislike most about your appearance ?
Based on your caricature on the left : everything .
What is the quality you most like in a woman ?
Proximity .
Which words or phrases do you most overuse ?
“ It ’s an honor just to be nominated . ”
When and where were you happiest ?
Right now , here with you .
Let ’s not ruin it by talking .
Which talent would you most like to have ?
The ability to bullshit .
If you could change one thing about yourself , what would it be ?
My desperate need to be liked .
What do you consider your greatest achievement ?
Staying on the air .
What is your most treasured possession ?
My freedom .
What do you regard as the lowest depth of misery ?
Thinking of the right thing to say — later .
What do you most value in your friends ?
Non-disclosure .
Which historical figure do you most identify with ?
Paul Revere .
Who is your favorite hero of fiction ?
Jesus of Nazareth .
What is it that you most dislike ?
Hypocrisy , animal cruelty , and yams .
What is your greatest regret ?
It ’s a tie between muttonchop sideburns and believing Judith Miller .
Honorable mention : Lehman Brothers — thanks a lot , assholes .
How would you like to die ?
Surrounded by enemies , holding a grenade .
What is your motto ?
“ Religion is bad , drugs are good . ”
In a surprising move , the FRBNY has just released the holdings of Maiden Lane I , II and III .
Here is what the Fed is saying about this development :
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York today announced that it has expanded the information that it makes available to the public related to the Maiden Lane portfolios .
The new information includes nearly all of the holdings of Maiden Lane LLC ( ML ) — with the exception of residential whole loans as that would violate individual borrowers ’ privacy — and all of the holdings of Maiden Lane II LLC ( MLII ) and Maiden Lane III LLC ( ML III ) .
The additional information includes the CUSIP number , descriptor , and the current principal balance or notional amount outstanding for all of the positions in each of three Maiden Lane portfolios .
The Federal Reserve recognizes the importance of transparency to its financial stability efforts and will continue to review disclosure practices with the goal of making additional information publicly available when possible .
The release of this information today comes after reaching agreement on issues of confidentiality with JPMorgan Chase with respect to the assets of ML and the American International Group , Inc. ( AIG ) with respect to ML II and ML III .
As a reminder :
ML was formed to facilitate the merger of The Bear Stearns Companies , Inc. and JPMorgan Chase .
The New York Fed extended credit to ML to acquire certain assets of Bear Stearns .
ML II and ML III were formed to facilitate the restructuring of the government ’s financial support to AIG .
The New York Fed extended credit to ML II to purchase residential mortgage - backed securities from the securities lending portfolio of several regulated U.S. insurance subsidiaries of AIG .
The New York Fed extended credit to ML III to purchase multi-sector collateralized debt obligations from certain counterparties of AIG Financial Products Corp .
Some preliminary observations :
ML 1 , in addition to holding a boatload of CDOs , has quite a few Residential whole loans , a variety of single names CDS , of which the bulk is CMBX , AMBAC , MBIA , PMI , CDS on Commercial Real Estate , CDS on Munis , CDS on non-agency RMBS , CDS on Non-residential ABS , some treasuries , and just under $ 3 billion in Interest Rate Swaps .
ML 2 , as noted , contains $ 35 billion of Non-Agency MBS .
It also contains $ 280 million in cash , held with a Goldman Sachs account .
( GOLDMAN SACHS FIN SQ GOVT FS )
ML 3 consists of a variety of CDOs whose notional value is given as $ 56 billion .
Once again , the Fed parks its cash of $ 383 million in this account with Goldman Sachs .
We will dig through these in detail shortly .
Full listing of assets :
ML 1
ML 2
ML 3
Einstein was a Deist .
Genius Christian : Isaac Newton
Genius Atheist : Richard Dawkins
( I 'm not sure I can comfortably say I feel he 's a genius ; however , one simply cannot deny his intelligence . )
~~~~~~~~~~~
Hawking is not an Atheist !
No he 's not ....
" Now , lest anyone be confused , let me state that Hawking strenuously denies charges that he is an atheist .
When he is accused of that he really gets angry and says that such assertions are not true at all .
He is an agnostic or deist or something more along those lines .
He 's certainly not an atheist and not even very sympathetic to atheism . "
~~~~~~~~~~~
Crappy source ?
Excuse me , my source , which is citing a paper , is legitimate .
And if you want to talk about faulty sources , wikipedia has got to be one of the most arbitrary , pompous , misleading , manipulative sources out there .
Anyone can go in and change it to their liking .
All my professors , and the head librarian at my campus , have told me to never ever , ever cite wikipedia as a source .
Not even a mediocre joke .
~~~~~~~~~~~
And like I said , " my source , which is citing a paper , is legitimate . "
Why the Ladies Love Larry King Relationship and culture experts clue us into why Larry is considered hot .
April 16 , 2010  --
He 's 76 , married to a woman almost 30 years his junior and now is divorcing his seventh wife .
It sounds like a plotline from " One Life to Live , " but instead this is the real life of Larry King .
On Wednesday , King filed for divorce for the eighth time ( he married wife Alene Akins twice ) , this time from Shawn Southwick , 50 , with whom he has two children , Chance and Cannon King .
Later the same day , Southwick also filed for divorce .
Both spouses claimed irreconcilable differences .
The couple did not have a prenuptial agreement , " Access Hollywood " reported Friday .
King 's attorney confirmed the report , but said there was " another agreement in place . "
Either way , it may be one more sign that the King divorce battle will have twists and turns .
Already , there are reports that the couple is fighting over child custody and that both spouses may have been cheating on each other at one time or another
In any event , King is back on the market .
The longest he ever has gone without being married is five years , so bachelorettes should get ready .
If history repeats itself , America could see another Mrs. King soon .
Larry the Sex - Appeal King ?
But with the possibility of an impending King wedding , the question becomes who would want to date , marry and consummate a relationship with a man so close to being in his 80s .
Really , why do so many ladies seem to love Larry King ?
" Larry is hot ! " Joy Behar said on Thursday 's " The View . "
" He 's a sex machine , OK ?
It 's running on kerosene , but still . "
There must be something about Larry King that draws in beautiful women because he definitely dates lookers .
In the past , he has been connected to Angie Dickinson and beauty queen Rama Fox .
" My mother in law made me realize that this guy had something that women found very attractive , " Paul Levinson , a professor of communications and media studies at Fordham University , told ABCNews.com .
" She listened to him religiously in the early ' 80s before he had a television show .
She would stay up all night just listening to him on the radio . "
King 's calming nature piques women 's interest , Levinson said .
" He 's relaxing and non -threatening , and to women who want a sort of shelter , that is very attractive , " Levinson said .
" Also , his combination of age , voice and demeanor make him attractive to women .
He is seen as a grandfatherly figure .
He is endearing and not correct 100 percent of the time and he apologizes , and that kind of flavor makes women feel comfortable . "
" He has all the good qualities of maturity , " said Michael Musto , entertainment columnist for the Village Voice .
" He is a paternal figure who may not know all the answers , but he knows all the questions . "
Musto said reports of possible infidelity with his wife 's sister may make him even more appealing to women .
" That does make him a very sexual being , " Musto said , " And that might even make him a hottie in some people 's eyes . "
Carole Lieberman , who has appeared in panels on King 's show , said that ladies love the power that he portrays .
" Power is an aphrodisiac , " Lieberman told ABCNews.com .
" If you 're Larry 's wife , you 're one of the ' first ladies ' of Hollywood , which is arguably more fun than being the first lady in Washington .
You get invited to all the best parties , get to hobnob with all the newsmakers of the day , and get all sorts of other perks .
You become rich and famous by association . "
Rachel Sussman , a New York - based relationship expert , told ABCNews.com that even though King has a " certain je ne sais quoi , " for relationships to work they have to be about common ground .
" The more a couple has in common , the greater the chance is it will work out , " Sussman said .
" When you marry someone from a different generation , there are just so many obstacles to making the marriage work . "
Money could help .
" Money buys honey " -- or at least that is what Sussman 's father used to tell her .
" All little girls want to marry a prince riding a white horse , " Sussman said .
" We , as a culture , have always been infatuated with Hollywood and celebrity .
And Larry is even more than [ a regular celebrity ] because he is a celebrity that knows everybody and has access to everybody . "
" It 's nothing new that certain women are attracted to celebrity and money , " Musto said .
" Larry is definitely very well - established financially .
But older people are not normally treated with this kind of heat , so there must be certain women that find talk show legends sexy . "
However , it seems
King does n't just date these women , he marries them .
" With a guy who never got married and just dated this many women , no one would bat an eye , " Sussman said .
" The main reason why this is such a story is because he was stupid enough to get married eight times . "
Lieberman said he is in control of the relationships and , in this case , the divorce .
" Women think they will be able to control him with their sexuality , " Lieberman said , " But once they marry him , they realize that he has the power in the relationship , as well as on the air . "
At Least He 's a Good Listener
The stereotypical woman likes to talk and the stereotypical man does n't listen .
But to most viewers King , perhaps one of the best listeners in the talk - show business , seems to be the opposite of that stereotype .
" He is definitely attractive because he is an interviewer and is perceived as a good listener , " Levinson said .
" Unlike Bill O'Reilly , who interviews like he is firing a machine gun , Larry has a softer approach to interviewing .
He talks a lot less than most other interviewers .
We all want someone to listen to us .
We are naturally attracted to people who will listen to us because it makes us feel comfortable to share . "
Musto agreed .
" Larry is a good listener and observer , " he said .
" He lends a sympathetic ear .
He does n't hammer away at his guests .
Instead , he draws their story out and that makes him very hot despite that fact that he is physically not Zac Efron .
" He also projects an image of unflappability , " Musto said , referencing 2009 's interview with California beauty queen Carrie Prejean in which she took off her mike and refused to answer his questions .
" He has been there .
He 's not thrown off by anything , and that can be seen as attractive . "
Generally , women have a need to be heard , Sussman said , and a man that listens is attractive .
But King 's divorce record speaks for itself .
" Considering his history , " Sussman said , " I am not sure that he is a good listener when it comes to his wives and girlfriends . "
Company A is Wal - Mart .
In 2009 , Wal - Mart generated $ 404 billion in revenue , and employed approximately 2.1 million people .
Wal - Mart 's sales represent slightly less than ten percent of total retail sales in the United States , or $ 4.4 trillion , which is close to 23 % of the United States GDP of $ 14.6 trillion .
Company B is Amazon.com .
In 2009 , Amazon.com generated approximately $ 24.5 billion in revenue , and employed approximately 20,700 people .
Amazon.com 's sales represent nearly 20 % of the $ 156 billion generated by online retail in 2009 .
Based upon those numbers , this can be extrapolated :
Since its inception in 1995 , Amazon.com has eliminated nearly 107,000 retail positions nationwide .
As a whole , online retail has eliminated approximately 535,000 jobs .
This is the tip of the iceberg .
As of 2009 , online sales account for approximately 3.5 % of all retail sales .
By applying the Law of Accelerating Returns , it can then be assumed that , by 2016 , online sales will account for 7 percent of all retail , eliminating another 535,000 jobs .
By 2019 , 14 % of all retail will be online , eliminating yet another one million jobs .
The extreme scenario is , of course , if you apply these numbers across the entire spectrum of consumer spending , which accounts for 70 % of US GDP .
It raises the distinct probability of a loss of over six million jobs by 2019 .
We are moving from the information age to the digital age , and it appears to be having a massive impact on the economy of every nation around the world .
I have heard the argument that we can't account for future technologies that will create new industry and employment for upwards of 20 million people , but it is hard to foresee when , at least in certain segments of the vast retail sector , worker productivity has gone up about sixfold in the past decade .
A little over fifteen years ago , Jeremy Rifkin wrote a great book in which automation creates a scenario where there simply is n't enough work available , and the extensive ramifications it will have on a society that has to re-think how income is generated and distributed .
Will it soon be necessary to massively expand the welfare state ?
Is there a new industry on the horizon that can provide sustainable work for tens of millions ?
Will the sharp increase in worker productivity mean that it is more beneficial to society if we simply pay some people to be consumers ?
Lots of big questions .
I 'd love to hear some big answers !
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANNOUNCE : attoparsec - iteratee v0.1
Hi all , I 've just uploaded the first version of the attoparsec - iteratee library to Hackage : http://hackage.haskell.org/package/attoparsec-iteratee
It takes applicative parsers written using attoparsec and automagically converts them to iteratees that can parse things from streams in O ( 1 ) space .
.... and the combination is fast : a prototype HTTP server I 'm working on uses this library and can handle as many as 13 k reqs / sec on my Macbook .
G -- Gregory Collins < greg at gregorycollins .net >
When it comes to hallowed arcade classics , comic - book games are more than represented .
Hold on to your quarters , because we 're taking a trip through the bowling alleys of yesteryear to dredge up the finest four - panel games in arcade history .
Superman - 1988
In this side - scrolling Taito title , Superman and his sidekick " Red Superman " team up to defeat alien invaders .
Oddly , Superman 's main power is not his heat vision but rather his " sonic punch . "
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles - 1989
Konami's side - scrolling adaptation of Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird 's late adolescent amphibious shinobis was an arcade classic - the 1991 version for the Nintendo Entertainment System was borderline impossible ( Bebop in Stage 2 , rassum frassum ) .
Batman - 1990
In Atari's Batman , you controlled the Michael Keaton Bruce Wayne as he pummeled the Joker 's hooligans .
Although Danny Elfman 's classic theme is present in the game , Prince 's " Batdance " is conspicuously absent .
Captain America and the Avengers - 1991
Thanks to this Data East beat - em - up , the classic Avengers roster in my mind 's eye consists of Captain America , Iron Man , Hawkeye , and pasty Vision .
Spider - Man : The Video Game - 1991
Sega 's take on Marvel 's webslinger alternated between platform and beat - em - up modes .
The game teamed Spidey up with Namor , the Black Cat , and Hawkeye .
If this game was true to the comic book , it would be over in 5 minutes , as Namor would simply chuck Spidey 's entire rogues gallery into the ionosphere .
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Turtles in Time - 1991
Konami's time - traveling sequel to the first TMNT arcade title .
Its intro song makes the " Ninja Rap " sound like pure doggerel .
X - Men - 1992
If you were sentient during the early 1990s , chances are you ( and five of your closest friends ) wasted an afternoon at this game 's massive cabinet .
Not only was Konami's X - Men a hoot to play , it also provided a hilariously idiosyncratic take on Marvel 's favorite mutants .
For example , Wolverine spoke with an Australian accent , Colossus had a spark attack , Juggernaut carried a bazooka , and Magneto 's broken English is the stuff of legends ( see : " WELCOME TO DIE , " " I AM MAGNETO MASTER OF MAGNET , " " KILL YOU YOU ARE DEAD , " " COME X - CHICKEN " ) .
Cadillacs And Dinosaurs - 1993
This Capcom beat - em - up is an adaptation of Mark Schultz 's 1980s indie title Xenozoic Tales .
Its sequel Volvos and Mastodons was nowhere as successful ( we kid , we kid ) .
The Punisher - 1993
Capcom's Punisher title had Frank Castle and Nick Fury delivering some Final Fight - style beatdowns .
Weirdly , the Punisher uses his fists most of the game .
C'mon !
Since when did Frank ever play fair ?
Alien Vs. Predator - 1994
Incidentally , the AVP franchise began as a comic book - this team - up first occurred in a 1990 issue of Dark Horse Presents .
In Capcom 's version of the AVP mythos , aliens land in San Drad , California - Dutch , Lt. Linn Kurosawa , and two Predator warriors must contain the infestation .
Sadly , this arcade gem was never ported to consoles .
X - Men Children of The Atom - 1994
The antecedent to the entire Marvel vs. Capcom series , Children of The Atom was noteworthy for great music , a range of X - foes , and Street Fighter 2's Akuma as a hidden character .
Avengers in Galactic Storm - 1995
This Data East fighter covered the 1992 Avengers storyline in which Captain America and company becoming entrenched in the Kree - Shiar war .
The game oddly allowed players to choose primarily between 1990s who -cares Avengers ( Crystal ? Thunderstrike ? ) and equally obscure Kree fighters .
You gotta love the Giant Man special attack , in which Hank Pym 's meaty paw grabs your opponent from across the screen .
Advertisement
Marvel Super Heroes - 1995
Respect to Capcom for dusting off D - List villains such as Blackheart and Shuma Gorath for this fighter .
And yes , the soundtrack is awesome .
Batman Forever : The Arcade Game - 1996
Acclaim 's Final Fight - esque fighter tied in with the less hilarious of the Joel Shumacher Batman flicks .
The video is from the Sega Saturn port .
X - Men Vs. Street Fighter - 1996
If your head did n't explode the first time you heard this existed , I 'm not sure I want to know you .
Marvel Super Heroes vs. Street Fighter - 1997
Essentially Marvel Super Heroes + X - Men Vs. Street Fighter .
To quote the immortal Stan Lee , " Nuff said . "
Marvel vs. Capcom : Clash of Super Heroes - 1998
Capcom rejiggered the VS .
formula and added their own characters to the game .
If you had ever dreamed of a Mega Man versus Venom brawl , this game answered your prayers .
Spawn :
In the Demon 's Hand - 2000
A Spawn game from Capcom ... who'd of thunk ?
Anyway , the 3D game was mission - based and required the player to embark on all sorts of extreme 1990s anti-hero missions .
The gameplay here is from the Dreamcast version .
Marvel vs. Capcom 2 : New Age of Heroes - 2000
This game sported over 56 characters , but everyone only seems to play as the Sentinel , Magneto , or Cable in tournaments .
The footage is from a console version .
Blizzard , the company behind the Warcraft and Diablo franchises , does not screw around when it swings the banhammer , booting 320,000 online accounts tonight from some of its most popular games .
Advertisement
" We 've recently banned over 320,000 Warcraft III and Diablo II accounts that were found to be violating the Battle. net Terms of Use " , a statement on the company 's forums reads .
" If this is a first offense , the CD key associated with the banned account will be suspended for 30 days , while repeat offenders will see their keys banned permanently .
All account ban decisions are final . "
Things that got users banned ranged from " abuse of unintended mechanics " to " use of third party programs " .
Advertisement
Any of you affected ?
If so ... you 've been very naughty .
Diablo II and Warcraft III Battle.net Bans [ Blizzard ]
The Salt Lake County District Attorney 's Office has filed charges against individuals alleged to have attacked DJ Bell and Dan Fair on July 5 , 2008 .
The case gained a lot of attention almost immediately after it occurred because the apparent victims of an attack -- Bell and boyfriend Dan Fair , then of South Salt Lake - - had to wait until Bell could defend himself against sketchy kidnapping charges before the obvious assault was charged by prosecutors .
The charges include at least one first - degree felony .
---
City Weekly has followed the case every step of the way , from the initial attack , to the pretrial hearings , to daily updates of the trial ( here , here , here , here , and here ) , to the post - acquittal fall - out ( here , and here ) , to the time period while Bell was exonerated but authorities had not yet blamed anyone for the attack .
Supporters of Bell were convinced the kidnapping charges against him were bogus even before the trial .
Some who were more cautious , however , mostly threw caution to the wind after the defense last year quite handily demonstrated that the key witness in the kidnapping case , one of the children 's mothers , Lulu Latu , was lying or severely mistaken about the events of that night .
Most notably , Latu testified that when she entered Bell 's home she found both children , ages 2 and 4 , in Bell 's bedroom with Fair sleeping on the bed .
Police photos from that night , Bell 's defense attorneys showed during closing arguments , showed the alleged bedroom was only a storage room and contained no bed .
Jurors on the case against Bell called it a waste of tax payer money and said the wrong person was on trial .
Bell maintained both before and after the trial - - he did n't testify -- that he came upon the children unattended and offered them Kool - Aid .
Both he and Fair were attacked shortly there after , they say , but precisely who participated in the attack has been yet to be determined .
The DA 's office did not include defendants ' names in their press release ( see the update below ) .
Contents of the press release : " SALT LAKE CITY – As a result of a thorough and ongoing investigation conducted by District Attorney Investigators and the South Salt Lake Police Department , the Salt Lake County District Attorney ’s Office has filed charges against seven individuals for their alleged roles in the assaults of David Bell and Dan Fair .
The seven defendants are charged with a total of sixteen charges ranging from first degree felony AGGRAVATED BURGLARY to class A misdemeanor FALSE PERSONAL INFORMATION TO A PEACE OFFICER " ( all caps and bold in the original ) .
3/2/2010 3:31 p.m. update : The defendants are Lisa Rita Aiono , 25 ; Marsha Rae Finau , 31 ; Angelina Janae Dibella , 31 ; Tapululululu " Lulu " Latu , 30 ; Ricky Ian Peace,33 ; Ietitaia Tavita Nuusila , 26 ; Ieti David Mageo , 32 .
Download one of the charging documents to get a feel for the case , here ( pdf ) .
%uFFFD
by William Gomes
The courts have ruled that the veil in public offices " is a personal choice of women . "
The ruling arises from a dispute between a local official and the director of a school , branded a " prostitute . "
Applauded by human rights activists and civil society .
For the extremists it is a " conspiracy " against Islam .
Dhaka ( AsiaNews ) -
The Ministry of Education should ensure that women - employed in public institutions - are not required to wear the veil or ' hijab " against their will . "
This was ordered by the Bangladesh High Court , in a ruling issued yesterday of historical significance .
The grounds , the judges Syed Mahmud Hossain and Syeda Afsar Jahan agreed that " it is a personal choice of women to wear the veil or not . "
They add that " forcing a woman to wear the veil against her will " is considered a " flagrant violation " of basic human rights " enshrined in the Constitution . "
The historic ruling comes after a dispute between a government official and the director of an elementary school in the district of Kurigram , for which the man later apologised .
Arif Ahmed had insulted Sultana Arjuman Huq , director of State elementary school Atmaram Bishweshwar , because she was not wearing a veil .
The incident occurred last June , during a public meeting at the headquarters of the Department of Education in upazila ( an administrative sub - district of Bangladesh , ed ) in which the school is located .
On June 26 , 2009 Bangladeshi newspaper Shamokal reported that the man called the school 's principal " beshya " - prostitute in the local language - , for not wearing the veil .
Sultana Arjuman
Huq was deeply affected by the insult causing her to fall into a depression .
The woman finally decided to file a lawsuit for injuries .
In January 2010 Arif Ahmed apologized to Sultana Arjuman Huq before High Court judges , who then closed the case .
The woman , in fact , decided to forgive him .
On April 8 , the judges issued the verdict , explaining the reasons for setting veils for women as non-mandatory .
" In Bangladesh - write Syed Mahmud Hossain and Syeda Afsar Jahan - there is no established practice that requires women to cover their heads . "
In recent years , attempts have emerged , " to force " women to this practice " not only at an individual level but also in public offices . "
The case in hand , they concluded , is evidence of violations of the rights of women and girls " in public spaces , schools , educational institutions and places of public and private education . "
Though iPhone sales grew 18 percent in the fourth quarter , the overall market saw even greater growth , leaving Apple with a smaller market share during the holiday season , a new study has found .
The data from ABI Research , via The Wall Street Journal , shows that Apple 's smartphone market share dropped from 18.1 percent in the third quarter of 2009 to 16.6 percent in the fourth quarter .
This despite the fact that Apple sold 8.7 million iPhones in the fourth quarter — an 18 percent increase from the previous quarter , and Apple 's best quarter ever in terms of total sales .
However , as noted by similar research from Strategy Analytics , Apple also saw a year - over - year increase in market share , growing from 10.8 percent in the fourth quarter of 2008 to an estimated 16.4 percent at the end of 2009 — just 0.2 percent off from the ABI Research findings .
ABI 's Michael Morgan told the Journal that the iPhone could be suffering a case of " Razr burn , " referring to Motorola 's popular cell phone which dominated the sales charts for years but lost favor when its design went unchanged .
But the report quickly discredited that notion .
" That of course is a little rich , " the report said of Morgan 's commentary .
" The California device maker still enjoys profit margins among the industryâs highest .
And the attention it commands is unrivaled ( see the frenzy around the iPad unveiling last week ) . "
The overall smartphone market grew 26 percent in the fourth quarter , according to ABI , thanks to increased sales of Google 's Android mobile operating system and Nokia increasing sales by 4.6 million .
The quarter also saw the high - profile introduction of the Motorola Droid smartphone .
" 2009 may have started with a whimper but by ( the fourth quarter of ) 2009 the global mobile handset market ended with a pretty reasonable bang , " said Jake Saunders , vice president for forecasting at ABI Research .
" We estimate 336.5 million handsets were shipped in 4Q - 2009 , up 15.1 percent ( quarter over quarter ) . "
Nokia remains the overall mobile phone dominant market leader with 37.7 percent , though its share of the smartphone market has dropped significantly in recent years .
Nokia and Apple are currently engaged in a number of lawsuits filed in court and with the International Trade Commission over allegations of patent infringement on both parties behalves .
No job is as fraught with risks as working for yourself .
Not only do you have nobody to blame but yourself for being forced to work on the weekends , you also have to ride the ups and downs of owning a business .
While there is some doubt that the rumored four out of five new business failures is accurate , it ’s still unlikely you ’ll meet immediate success and be catapulted to wealth and fame in a matter of weeks .
It could happen , but looking at those who have gone before , it ’s unlikely .
Of course , there are some mistakes even the smartest among us make .
It ’s hard to be perfect all of the time , but watch out for the obvious pitfalls of the biggest entrepreneur mistakes .
Mistake # 1 – You started without direction .
Sometimes you ’re all but forced into business for yourself with a faltering economy and such , but if you ’re working from some notes you took on a bar napkin rather than a real business plan , you ’re going to have a rough road ahead .
Not every entrepreneur makes millions and most do n’t feel a burning desire to make even close to that amount , but getting money in the bank means planning out how you ’re going to get cash in the door – in detail .
While you do n’t need to spend weeks typing up a formal business plan necessarily , you do need to have a plan with immediate action steps to succeed on your own .
A padded savings account can buy you some time , but wasting your savings on poor planning is painful .
Instead , start small and with precision .
How are you going to make money ?
Where are you going to find customers or clients ?
What are the steps between planning and earning ?
Once you know what you ’re going to do and exactly how you ’re going to do it , you can start taking those necessary steps .
Do n’t fall into the common trap of doing the detail work like building a website or creating a logo before you have a comprehensive plan in place .
By starting small , you ’re able to move more quickly and get some cash in the door while you naturally expand the business in other profitable directions .
Mistake # 2 –
You ’re on your own before you ’re really ready
It ’s a glorious dream to just walk out of the office ready to start your own business , but not only do you need careful planning , you need a running start .
Those transitions from office to entrepreneur are rarely as smooth as they seem from the outside looking in .
To make the jump smoothly , you should start working on your new business before you leave your current position .
Be careful not to break any contracts or violate creative licenses , but socking those handy paychecks away in savings and doing extensive networking within your industry can be tremendous in getting up and going right away .
If you do what seems reckless and brave –walking out of the office ala Jerry Maguire , you ’re not only giving up the chance to do the groundwork for your new business at night while still earning a salary , you ’re also risking your reputation in certain industries .
Being known as dramatic and flighty might not help you get off to a good start in the small world of your local industry .
Stay professional and eek out everything you can ( legally ) from your current spot to avoid a massive hurdle when it ’s time to go out on your own .
Mistake # 3 –
You do n’t plan for taxes
New businesses are expensive and all of your funds are likely going out the door as fast as they are coming in to keep you housed and keep your business alive .
However , while your business is growing , do n’t neglect to plan to pay the government its share .
It ’s better to take a loss for the year with your business and pay the quarterly payments than to push off taxes to worry about another time and wind up in a more serious financial situation .
As a self - employed individual , you ’ll have some options for your business and how you want to be recognized .
There are tax benefits to certain tax structures such as S - corporations or Limited Liability Corporations ( LLCs ) , but , regardless you ’ll be paying more for taxes now than you did previously as you ’re faced with the self - employment tax .
Previously your employer paid a portion of your taxes , but it ’s all on you now .
If you elect to form a corporation or LLC , you ’ll also need to follow the quarterly requirements for those entities both at the state and federal level .
An accountant can be crucial help to be sure you ’ve hit every detail on the myriad of forms required each year .
Even if you ’re going sole - proprietor , you ’ll need to set aside money to pay your extra taxes at the end of the year or make quarterly payments to reduce the burden over time .
There are quite a few deductions you can take as an entrepreneur as well that you ’ll want to research ahead of time to stay in the letter of the law .
Mistake # 4 – You fail to delegate or outsource
Even though it ’s your business , you need to let go of certain things .
Nobody can do it all , all of the time .
Let professionals help you take care of the detailed work that you ’re not experienced with or that is n’t a lucrative or productive use your time .
For example , there are advantages to learning the tax codes that relate to your business , but it might be more advantageous to find an accountant who specializes in your industry and let them worry about the details with you checking over things periodically .
The same can be true for the menial work associated with business .
A bookkeeper can keep track of receipts and expenses .
A freelancer can help design the company website and then help to make your site visible in the search engines to increase business .
It can be hard to let go of the details , but letting in trained professionals to help can free you up to run the whole enterprise more efficiently and with greater profitability .
Mistake # 5 –
You did n’t plan for the long term
It ’s critical to work small in your first few steps of the business to get off the ground and make your time productive and hopefully profitable .
But once you ’re out of the breadlines , you need to also start taking bigger steps to prepare for what ’s next .
It ’s never enough to keep doing the same thing over time .
Your business must always improve and you ’ll need to have long - range plans to help move your company from one place to another successfully .
Making money in the short term does n’t always translate to long - term success .
Be sure you ’re always looking forward with clear , realistic eyes – not a vision clouded by hope and vague speculation .
Tags : business blunders , entrepreneur , entrepreneur mistakes
16,000 online traders accept payments via Buxter 's parent company .
Friends on social networking site Facebook can now send small payments directly to each other via an application called Buxter .
Buxter handles transactions in Euros or US dollars , with plans to launch in Sterling in the next four weeks .
Other currencies are subject to a 5 % conversion fee at the point of upload to a Buxter account .
The company behind the application is ClickandBuy which operates an online payment service across the web .
More than 13 million people across the world already have accounts with it , and a ClickandBuy account is required in order to use Buxter .
Transactions between Buxter accounts are free to make and receive but a 1.9 % commission fee , minimum 2 euros or $ 3 ( £ 2 ) , is charged to move the money to another source such as a bank account .
" People share their statuses , their information and their pictures on Facebook so the question is why not share money there too ? "
Christian von Hammel - Bonten , senior vice president at ClickandBuy told BBC News .
The application is designed for fairly small payments ( a maximum of 50 euros ( £ 45 ) can be held in any one account ) and transactions can only be made among people who are friends on Facebook .
Mr von Hammel - Bonten said he hoped people would use the service to pay each other for shared expenses such as cinema tickets and restaurant bills initially .
" We 're not trying to compete with national banking systems .
This is not somewhere to pay your gas or rent , " he said .
By Michael Bristow
BBC News , Beijing
China has several thousand tigers in its parks and zoos Eleven rare Siberian tigers have died over the last three months at a zoo in north - eastern China .
The local authorities believe that a lack of food contributed to their deaths , according to media reports .
The news is bound to raise concerns about the treatment of captive tigers in China , which is this year celebrating the year of the tiger .
China has only about 50 tigers left in the wild , but it has about 5,000 in captivity .
The tigers died at the Shenyang Forest Wild Animal Zoo in Liaoning Province .
That fact was confirmed by a worker at the zoo .
But there are discrepancies about how they died .
A local wildlife protection official , Liu Xiaoqiang , is reported to have said that malnutrition was one cause .
The tigers were apparently fed cheap chicken bones .
Mr Liu also said that the tigers had been kept in very small cages , restricting their movement and lowering their resistance to disease .
A manager at the zoo , which is currently closed , said the animals simply died of various diseases .
But however the tigers died , their deaths will inevitably raise questions about how the animals are treated in China .
Animal campaign groups say there is simply not enough protection for tigers held in the country 's zoos and farms .
A spokesman for the International Fund for Animal Welfare in Beijing said : " [ The government has ] given too many credentials to groups that do not have the capability of taking care of these animals . "
Tiger trade
In China there is also still a trade in tiger parts , which are used in traditional Chinese medicine .
They are used to treat rheumatism and to strengthen bones .
The BBC recently found that the Siberia Tiger Park , based in Heilongjiang Province in the northeast of China , is selling a " tiger bone wine " that contains three small tiger bones .
These issues have been discussed for some time , both inside and outside China , but they are being given extra prominence this year - because this year is the year of the tiger .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" In order to be the best creationist , you have to be the best evolutionist you can be , " said Marcus Ross , who teaches paleontology and says of Adam and Eve : " I feel they were real people , they were the first people . "
A U.S. warship sank a pirate skiff and captured a pirate mother ship in the Indian Ocean on Thursday , according to a statement from U.S. Naval Forces Africa .
The frigate USS Nicholas came under fire from a pirate vessel shortly after midnight in international waters west of the Seychelles , according to a U.S. military statement .
The Nicholas returned fire and pursued the skiff as it fled , capturing it about 90 minutes later .
Three suspected pirates aboard the skiff were taken into custody , along with two others aboard a suspected pirate mother ship that was nearby .
Ever since the Trojan Horse – and probably long before – men have bent their minds to developing the ultimate secret weapon .
Now , at last , the Indian army just might have discovered it : the world 's hottest chilli pepper .
The Indian army believes that the pungency of its ground seeds of the bhut jolokia – a capsicum hybrid , growing around the banks of the Brahmaputra river , that is reputed to be 100 times hotter than a jalapeño – could be harnessed in smoke grenades against rioters or to flush out terrorists in confined spaces .
The army said the weapon could also be used in aerosol sprays by women warding off attackers .
Older readers who can recall The Goon Show 's Major Dennis Bloodnok 's frequent strangulated cry of : " It was hell , I tell you .
No more curried eggs for me ! " may wonder why it has taken them so long , for the vegetable is said to be powerful enough to deter a charging elephant .
The 3in - long stubbly red pepper has been measured at 1,041,427 units on the Scoville scale , twice as hot as the next fieriest pepper , the Mexican red savina , and 200 times hotter than Tabasco sauce , so much so that it gained a place in Guinness World Records .
A jalapeño , by contrast , registers a measly 10,000 on the Scoville scale .
RB Srivastava , director of the life sciences department at the New Delhi headquarters of the Defence Research and Development Organisation , said : " This is definitely going to be an effective non -toxic weapon because its pungent smell can choke terrorists and force them out of their hideouts .
It would literally choke them . "
A screw - up in EA 's Warhammer Online billing system has resulted in many players being charged upwards of 22 times for a one - month subscription , filling bank accounts with overdraft fees and the Warhammer forums with very angry players .
Advertisement
A Warhammer Online forum thread named ' Billing Error ' has been filling with reports from customers who were surprised yesterday when their normal monthly fee for playing the EA MMO was multiplied anywhere from 12 to 22 times .
That 's upwards of $ 329.78 for one month of Warhammer Online .
One reader even linked a snapshot of his bank account as proof of the issue .
Advertisement
EA is aware of the issue , addressing it in a post on the Warhammer Online Herald , following it with this hopeful bit of news :
We have confirmed with our vendor that players who have been charged multiple times for their subscriptions should start seeing a reversal of charges within 24 - 36 hours .
We anticipate that once the charges have been reversed , any fees that have been incurred should be refunded as well .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
It 's great that the charges are being reversed , but the damage is already done .
Players are finding themselves with empty bank accounts , overdraft charges are piling up , and the notion that reversing the charges will clear any bank fees is a fanciful one at best .
My bank does n't play that way .
I 've had similar situations arise in the past , and I 've needed to fight tooth and nail to get my money back .
To assist us in providing the best possible service please contact your financial institution prior to contacting EA Billing Support as we can only assist with resolving additional fees after you have been reimbursed .
Advertisement
This is going to be an extremely busy week for EA billing support , and I 'd daresay EA 's lawyers will be getting a workout as well .
Suddenly pre-paid time cards are looking extremely attractive .
Thanks to Matthew for bringing this issue to our attention .
Share this : Reddit
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
This entry was posted on Friday , March 12th , 2010 at 4:06 pm and is filed under sports .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
Both comments and pings are currently closed .
Herschel Walker has heard Jose Canseco 's challenge to fight , and he is not amused .
The 47 - year - old is still doing media rounds following his weekend win over Greg Nagy in his professional MMA debut for Strikeforce .
Speaking to the Dallas - based Bob and Dan Radio show , Walker cautioned Canseco for calling him out and said he did n't think Canseco realized how serious he is about MMA and his training .
Saying he knew Canseco was simply hoping for a quick payday , Walker said if they ever actually got into a cage , things would end badly for the former baseball slugger .
" Jose wants to do this for money , " Walker said .
" My thing is , if he wants to fight me and he thinks it 's going to be a circus , I will hurt him .
This is not a joke , I will hurt him , because I do n't do things as a joke .
I do n't do this as entertainment .
If we go out and play a flag football game , that 's entertainment .
We 're having fun .
But this MMA fighting , is real .
You can get hurt , and he does n't understand it .
I do this as an MMA fighter , not as a joke .
" Walker easily controlled Nagy en route to a third - round TKO stoppage win .
He has yet to say if he will fight again in MMA , saying he would leave it up to his coaches at American Kickboxing Academy to determine whether he should continue on in the sport .. fanhouseButton { margin : 2em 0 ;} . fanhouseButton a:link , . fanhouseButton a:visited , . fanhouseButton a:hover , .fanhouseButton a:active {background - color : #dd2829 ; color : #FFFFFF;font-size:18 px;padding:0.3em
0.6em ; text - decoration : none;} . fanhouseButton a : hover {background - color : #000000;}
To expand the possibilities for beachfront tourist development , Dubai , part of the United Arab Emirates , undertook a massive engineering project to create hundreds of artificial islands along its Persian Gulf coastline .
Built from sand dredged from the sea floor and protected from erosion by rock breakwaters , the islands were shaped into recognizable forms , including two large palm trees .
The first Palm Island constructed was Palm Jumeirah , and the Advanced Spaceborne Thermal Emission and Reflection Radiometer ( ASTER ) on NASA ’s Terra satellite observed its progress from 2000 to 2011 .
In these false - color images , bare ground appears brown , vegetation appears red , water appears dark blue , and buildings and paved surfaces appear light blue or gray .
The first image , acquired in November of 2000 , shows the area prior to the island ’s construction .
The image from February 2002 , shows the barest beginnings of the artificial archipelago .
By October 2002 , substantial progress had been made on Palm Jumeirah , with many sandy “ palm fronds ” inside a circular breakwater .
By November 2003 , the palm tree has been constructed , and buildings and vegetation populate Palm Jumeirah in the images from November 2004 , October 2005 , September 2006 , March 2007 , and November 2008 .
The final image , acquired in February 2011 , shows vegetation on most of the palm fronds , and numerous buildings on the tree trunk .
Inland , changes are just as dramatic between November 2000 and February 2011 .
In the earliest image , empty desert fills the lower right quadrant of the image , as cityscape primarily hugs the coast .
As the years pass , urbanization spreads , and the final image shows the area almost entirely filled by roads , buildings , and irrigated land .
1 of 1 2 of 1
On Tuesday ( March 16 ) at 4 p.m. Pacific time , Stephen Harper will sit down for his first - ever YouTube interview .
Canada ’s Conservative prime minister will take questions submitted by citizens through www.youtube.com/talkcanada.
People can vote on the questions , and the top-rated queries will get put to the PM .
At time of writing , 132,454 votes had been cast on 1,507 questions submitted by 4,421 people .
The deadline for submissions and voting is Sunday ( March 14 ) at 10 a.m .
Here are six great examples of video questions that have been submitted from across Canada .
From Vancouver : " Why is the Canadian Government continuing to support the ACTA negotiations that Canadian citizens do not have access to but corporate interests such as Microsoft , the MPAA and the RIAA are able to obtain full disclosure ? "
From Victoria : " You committed to creating more green , sustainable jobs for Canada .
At the same time , your government is the first in 30 years that wants to allow oil tankers on BC 's coast .
How are these two positions consistent ? "
From Victoria : " We are experiencing our warmest winter ever in BC .
Climate change is obviously affecting the weather here in Canada .
Is your government willing to take the strong measures necessary to adequately deal with climate change ? "
From London , Ontario : " What benefit , if any , do you think the prohibition of marijuana , has for Canada .
What is a reasonable punishment , if any , for the consumption of marijuana . "
From London , Ontario : " Where were the Arts in your budget and throne speech ? "
From Toronto : " Why do we still not have a national childcare plan ? "
You can follow Stephen Hui on Twitter at twitter.com/stephenhui .
An initiative to legalize marijuana and allow it to be sold and taxed will appear on the November ballot , state election officials announced Wednesday , triggering what will probably be a much - watched campaign that once again puts California on the forefront of the nation ’s debate over whether to soften drug laws .
The number of valid signatures reported by Los Angeles County , submitted minutes before Wednesday ’s 5 p.m. deadline , put the measure well beyond the 433,971 it needed to be certified .
Supporters turned in 694,248 signatures , collecting them in every county except Alpine .
County election officials estimated that 523,531 were valid .
The measure ’s main advocate , Richard Lee , an Oakland marijuana entrepreneur , savored the chance to press his case with voters that the state ’s decades - old ban on marijuana is a failed policy .
“ We ’re one step closer to ending cannabis prohibition and the unjust laws that lock people up for cannabis while alcohol is not only sold openly but advertised on television to kids every day , ” he said .
Lee , tapping $ 1.3 million from his businesses , has put together a highly organized campaign that he emphasized Wednesday would be led by a team of experienced political consultants , including Chris Lehane , a veteran operative who has worked in the White House and on presidential campaigns .
“ There ’s all kinds of big professional politicos who are coming on board now to take it to the next level , ” Lee said .
Opponents have also started to put together their campaign .
“ There ’s going to be a very broad coalition opposing this that will include law enforcement , ” said John Lovell , a Sacramento lobbyist who represents the California Police Chiefs Assn . and other law enforcement groups .
“ We ’ll educate people as to what this measure really entails . ”
The measure , like the medical marijuana initiative , could put California on a collision course with the federal government .
The possession and sale of marijuana remain a federal crime .
This month , President Obama ’s drug czar , R. Gil Kerlikowske , decried legalization in a speech to police chiefs in San Jose .
The initiative would allow adults 21 or older to possess up to an ounce for personal use .
Possession of an ounce or less has been a misdemeanor with a $ 100 fine since 1975 , when Atty .
Gen. Jerry Brown , who was then governor , signed a law that reduced tough marijuana penalties that had allowed judges to impose 10 - year sentences .
Legalization supporters note that misdemeanor arrests have risen dramatically in California in the last two decades .
The initiative would also allow adults to grow up to 25 square feet of marijuana per residence or parcel .
But the measure , known as the Regulate , Control and Tax Cannabis Act , goes further , allowing cities and counties to adopt ordinances that would authorize the cultivation , transportation and sale of marijuana , which could be taxed to raise revenue .
Supporters hope this feature will win over voters watching local governments jettison employees and programs in the midst of a severe budget crisis .
Three other marijuana legalization initiatives have been floated this year but are not expected to qualify for the ballot .
One failed , one was withdrawn and one remains active .
Lovell said that the initiative would lead to increased marijuana use , cause the same kind of social ills as alcohol and tobacco and put more demands on law enforcement .
He said voters are distressed by the medical marijuana law .
“ Neighborhoods feel very uncomfortable with these locations that have a lot of dope and a lot of cash , ” he said .
Lee countered that the state ’s experience with medical marijuana shows “ the sky did n’t fall . ”
He said the measure would allow police to focus on serious crime , undercut Mexican drug cartels and make it harder for teenagers to buy marijuana .
Underscoring the importance the backing of law enforcement will play , Lee ’s campaign on Wednesday highlighted the support of retired Orange County Superior Court Judge James P. Gray , a former L.A. County deputy sheriff and Torrance police officer .
With polls showing that a slim majority of voters support legalization , the legalization campaign will be trying to appeal to a slice of undecided voters who are mostly mothers .
“ It ’s always easier for people to say no than to say yes for an initiative , ” said Mark Baldassare , the pollster for the Public Policy Institute of California .
Lee hopes to raise as much as $ 20 million .
He will probably be able to tap a handful of wealthy advocates who have supported efforts to relax drug laws , including multibillionaire investor George Soros and George Zimmer , founder of the Men ’s Wearhouse .
Zimmer has donated at least $ 20,000 .
Lovell said he expected to raise less than his opponents but would have enough to get his message out .
john.hoeffel@latimes.com
Central Falls , Rhode Island ( CNN ) -- Superintendent Frances Gallo combed the classrooms of embattled Central Falls High School .
Teachers and students were gone for the day .
Gallo was hunting for a particular item : an effigy of President Obama .
She hoped the rumor of its existence was n't true .
Gallo had fired all the high school teachers just a month earlier , igniting an educational maelstrom in Rhode Island 's smallest and poorest community while winning praise from the president .
The teachers union lampooned her ; hate mail flooded her inbox .
For weeks , she 'd prayed every morning for the soul of the man who wrote : " I wish cancer on your children and their children and that you live long enough to see them die . "
It was one thing to take barbs from opponents -- another thing altogether if the division was infecting classrooms .
Teachers assured the superintendent that the school battle was n't seeping into lesson plans .
So , when CNN asked her about the rumor of the effigy , Gallo took it upon herself to get to the bottom of it .
She entered the school in the dark of night Monday .
She started her room - to - room sweep on the first floor .
The first was clean , then the next and the next .
Yet newspaper headlines about the controversy , Gallo says , were plastered nearly everywhere .
What are the teachers doing ?
she thought .
Most were local papers with banner headlines : " Teachers fired . "
Others highlighted Obama 's support of Gallo , an endorsement that turned an already tense situation into a firestorm .
In this Democratic stronghold , teachers wondered :
How could the president they supported turn his back on them ?
Some peeled Obama bumper stickers off their cars .
Gallo knew Obama 's endorsement would create further uproar .
She just did n't know how bad it would get .
She continued making her way through the school , clearing the first two floors .
She was disheartened by the newspaper postings but relieved she had n't found the offensive item .
One floor to go .
She climbed the steps and entered a classroom .
There it was .
" You could n't miss it . "
An Obama doll , about a foot tall , hung by its feet from the white board ; the doll held a sign that said , " Fire Central Falls teachers , " she says .
Recounting her discovery later , Gallo broke down in tears .
A flood of emotions poured out , the raw toll of all that has transpired in recent weeks .
When she confronted the teacher responsible , she says he responded that it was " a joke to him . "
The teachers , she says , have " no idea the harm they 're doing . "
She thought of Obama 's words : Students get only one shot at an education .
" I 've tried to explain this over and over again :
The children here are very disturbed by the actions of their teachers , and they 're torn apart because they also love them . "
It 's lonely being a voice for change .
' Miracles Happen Everyday '
Central Falls is a town of more than 18,000 people -- most of them Hispanic immigrants -- living within 1.5 square miles .
" Ripley 's Believe It Or Not " once dubbed the town , about 10 minutes from Providence , the most densely populated in the nation .
The school is an ornate brick building with decorative columns .
A housing project backs up to the campus .
A marquee outside the school reads : " Daily reflection on your efforts and outcomes will improve both . "
Just a few blocks away , Gallo works from a modest building that looks as if it were once a home .
A wall in the superintendent 's office is decorated with Central Falls High T - shirts .
" Do n't talk trash ... recycle it , " one says .
Above her door is a sign : " Miracles Happen Everyday . "
It keeps her grounded , she says , reminding her that " my kids are going to learn . "
Gallo arrived in Central Falls in 2007 , knowing a tough job loomed ahead .
The school had already been designated one of the lowest - performing in Rhode Island .
" I have never once looked away from a challenge or put children second , " she says .
The school has been failing for the last seven years .
Its graduation rate stands around 48 percent .
Math proficiency is a paltry 7 percent .
Reading scores have improved by 21 percentage points in the last two years , but still lag far behind with 55 percent able to read at grade level , according to school officials .
Like the town 's population , most of the 800 students at Central Falls are Hispanic .
For many , English is a second language .
Teachers say the population is so transient , the statistics are skewed : Dozens of students enroll as freshmen but move before their senior year .
Those students get counted in the low graduation rate .
It 's a difficult environment in which to teach , teachers say , and they do their best .
Gallo says union contracts , or " scar tissue , " are so thick and dense that instituting reform is difficult .
Gallo says she did n't want to take the drastic measure of firing all 93 teachers , support staff and administrators .
Yet her decision to do so instantly made her one of the boldest school administrators in the nation -- loathed and loved , reviled and applauded .
" I never anticipated this .
Never , " Gallo says .
On the wall behind her desk is a framed quotation : " Courage does n't always roar .
Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying , ' I will try again tomorrow . ' "
How the fight brewed
Maybe it's her grandma looks -- gray hair , rimmed glasses , soft - spoken voice .
Whatever the reason , it seems the teachers union underestimated this superintendent .
A lifelong Rhode Islander , Gallo began her career in education 38 years ago , first as a teacher before moving into school administration as a principal in 1984 .
On tough days , she wears an eagle broach .
A child at her first school gave it to her as a reminder that " eagles fly high and soar on the thermals . "
She 's been wearing it a lot lately .
The raw - knuckled fight playing out here intensified in January when Rhode Island became the first state seeking an injection of federal funds to transform low - performing schools .
Rhode Island 's education commissioner identified six schools , including Central Falls High , as the worst in the state .
The troubled schools stood to gain $ 12.4 million -- including a one - time payment of $ 10.5 million from federal stimulus funds .
The state decides how to allocate the funds .
The deadline to apply was February 22 .
Administrators scrambled .
To qualify for the money under strict federal guidelines , the schools had four options :
• Close altogether
• Restart as a charter school or under a new management organization
• Undergo a " transformation " model in which the principal is replaced and all aspects of the school 's performance are evaluated
• Take a more drastic " turnaround " approach , in which all staff are fired with the possibility that up to 50 percent can be rehired .
In Central Falls , Gallo ruled out the first two choices .
She initially sought the transformation model , and the union agreed in principle .
Gallo laid out her tools of transformation :
Teachers would work a longer school day of seven hours and tutor students weekly for one hour outside school time .
They would have lunch with students often , meet for 90 minutes every week to discuss education and set aside two weeks during summer break for paid professional development .
For some of the extra work , Gallo would pay $ 30 an hour from the federal grant .
The teachers union pushed for more : $ 90 an hour .
Talks broke down .
Gallo turned to the nuclear option .
" Central Falls is a test case for the rest of the United States .
I do n't think anyone was prepared for this kind of fallout , " said Marcia Reback , president of the Rhode Island Federation of Teachers .
She puts the blame solely on the " take it or leave it " attitude of the superintendent .
She says that the union was never allowed to offer any alternatives to transform the school and that teachers want school programs revamped .
Before the union knew it , the superintendent recommended the firing of all teachers .
The recommendation was affirmed 5 - 2 by the school board .
By February 23 , termination notices had gone out .
" I felt I had no choice , " Gallo says .
" And I continue to believe that is the right decision . "
The firings go into effect in June .
No more than 50 percent of the current staff can be rehired .
Teachers will learn their fate in late May .
Anxiety and supercharged tensions ripple through this small town .
How could they not ?
Educators ' livelihoods are at stake .
The union is seeking a return to the bargaining table .
Reback suggested the only way for Obama to save face is to help bring all parties together in a mediated settlement .
Even as the president applauded Central Falls ' reform , he conceded that firing teachers is the least preferred measure .
" Replacing school staff should only be done as a last resort , " he said at an education event on March 1 .
" But if a school continues to fail its students year after year , if it does n't show signs of improvement , then there 's got to be a sense of accountability , " Obama said .
" And that 's what happened in Rhode Island . "
Says Reback : " The president was badly briefed . "
The Warrior students
Students continue to attend class in this heated environment .
Reback says that a toxic atmosphere does n't exist -- that the teachers are professionals who stick to their lesson plans .
The union chief also has received hate mail .
Reback says her favorite was plain and simple : " You suck . "
About 70 graduates recently descended on the campus .
They blasted Obama for supporting the superintendent and heaped praise on their teachers for influencing their lives .
Away from the scene , current students described an emotionally charged atmosphere .
They care deeply about their teachers and do n't understand why everyone was fired .
Some teachers , they say , have blamed the students in class by asking why the teens did n't study more .
Other teachers have moved forward , saying the whole thing is above their heads , according to students .
" I think it 's the teachers ' fault and the students ' fault .
It 's the teachers ' fault for giving up on us , but it's also the students ' fault for not trying , " said one student , whom CNN is not naming because of the possibility of retribution .
" A teacher can't make a student study . "
The students are aware that their school has become a national pariah , and they do n't like it .
Their mascot is the Warrior , a symbol for those braving the chaos .
They also want to help shape the new school .
They say their input has been neglected in the fracas .
It 's an idea Gallo welcomes .
Gallo has played all the roles in her life : student , teacher , principal and parent .
Her three children have grown up to be teachers themselves .
One faces an uncertain job future in Massachusetts , where a similar battle is under way .
Years ago , when her two sons played football , Gallo could n't bear the insults hurled by the crowd at the players .
So she joined the officiating crew .
Her job was to help move the first down chains .
It was a way to escape the nastiness in the stands and serve a positive role while watching her team move toward its goal .
Now , she 's the target of the nasty comments .
The pressure to succeed has grown exponentially since she decided to fire staff .
" It 's been an amazing life since that moment , " she says .
The game has changed .
She 's front and center .
Will she be able to move the chains forward ?
Tony Hayward , BP 's chief executive , has attempted to dampen growing investor anger over its oil sands activities by publicly pledging for the first time not to use mining techniques that devastate the landscape .
But the pledge was not enough to head off a significant rebellion from a growing group of increasingly environmentally aware investors at its annual general meeting today .
Environmentalists also poured scorn on the promise , which was also made in BP 's sustainability report published today .
BP said it would only ever use ' in - situ ' drilling techniques in Canada , rather than open - pit mining , which also results in more water pollution .
John Sauven , executive director of Greenpeace , said the pledge was like " quitting Benson and Hedges in favour of Rothmans " .
A report out last month from environmental group the Pembina Institute said that while in - situ techniques result in lower nitrogen oxide emissions , and are less damaging to the landscape and rivers , they typically cause more greenhouse gas and sulphur dioxide emissions than mining because of the highly energy intensive process required to extract the oil from underground and process it .
BP 's oil sands projects in Canada , which have not yet begun production , only involve in - situ drilling .
A spokesman said that the company 's experience in reservoir management and drilling techniques were more relevant to this technique , which was the main factor behind the pledge .
He said that environmental considerations also played a part .
But Sauven said : " BP is trying to fool the public by ruling out giant and visually shocking mines when what it 's doing below the ground is even more damaging to the climate . "
Today , a group of 143 shareholders tabled a resolution demanding the oil firm review the risks of its Sunrise oil sands development in Alberta .
BP will decide by the end of the year whether to go ahead with the $ 2.4bn ( £ 1.5 bn ) joint venture with Husky Energy .
BP successfully fought off the resolution , but nearly 15 % of shareholders showed their support for the protest by either voting in favour or abstaining .
The protest was backed by several large investors including Calpers and Calstrs , the California state employees ' and teachers ' pensions funds , and Co-operative Asset Management in the UK .
Canada holds estimated reserves of 179bn barrels of oil , the majority found in oil sands , notionally putting it second only to Saudi Arabia .
But oil sands production has been estimated to cause three times as much greenhouse gas emissions as conventional extraction .
Representatives from affected Canadian communities also pleaded for the Sunrise project to be stopped , saying that oil sands had resulted in a " terrifyingly high rate of cancer " in the area .
George Poitras , a former chief of the Mikisew Cree First Nation said : " That 's why we no longer call it ' dirty oil ' but ' bloody oil ' .
The blood of Fort Chipewyan people is on these companies ' hands . "
Outside the meeting , a small group of protesters said they wanted to raise awareness about the damage caused by extracting oil sands .
One man told the Guardian he was planning to light a bottle of petrol and throw it at the conference centre to " get the public to open their eyes to the inevitability of catastrophic climate change if we keep up this carbon - intensive capitalist system . "
He later said he had been persuaded to remain peaceful .
The organisers of the resolution , responsible investment charity FairPensions , said the shareholder revolt marked turning point in how people engaged with the investment of their pension savings .
More than 5,000 individuals joined an internet campaign petitioning their pension providers to back the resolution .
To compensate for server outages , rendering people unable to play because of the new DRM scheme , Ubisoft is offering SH5 owners a free game ( thanks Blues ) .
Silent Hunter 5 ventures into uncharted territory and takes players behind the periscope of a German U - boat to take on the Allied Forces in famous battles across the vast Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea .
For the first time in the history of the series , players can live the life of a submarine captain from a first - person view and lead a crew in a critical campaign .
Silent Hunter 5 key features :
Walk through highly detailed submarines in the new first - person view and access every part of your U - boat .
Interact with your crew , watch them perform their daily jobs and experience the tension and fear inside the U - boat through the new advanced order system .
Choose your own strategy and select your targets with a new objective - driven , dynamic campaign .
Open new locations , upgrades and resupply possibilities , while the Allied ships adjust dynamically to your approach .
Your actions will directly impact the evolution of the campaign .
Prowl the waters with a brand - new user interface .
Now , every beginner can successfully command a sub while remaining free of confusion .
In expert mode , experienced players will be provided all the necessary information and controls to command the sub completely on their own .
Experience the most realistic and immersive Silent Hunter ever created .
Improved environment graphics create a powerful level of immersion as you operate authentic , highly detailed U - boats and fight against surface ships .
System Requirements
Accueil > Humanité >
Monde , actualité internationale , politique , relations , diplomatie , affaires (... ) >
Politique , France , francophonie , Algérie , Maroc , Tunisie , Afrique , monde (... ) >
L’identité écrase la citoyenneté en France .
Le débat se tient même si la société franÃ§aise affiche une indifférence .
Les sondages parlent du peu de sa nécessité , mais les mairies constatent de la participation .
Les valeurs républicaines qui déterminent la citoyenneté à chaque individu , sont devenues une casquette sur la tête d’un jeune de banlieue , un franÃ§ais déjà indiqué par « Ni putes ni Soumises » comme un être négatif , sinon le sujet de ce débat €¦ Qui doit à la société de se laisser exclure !
Avec l’onde choc de la votation en Suisse et les dérapages , le dogme républicain devient encore inébranlable .
Et s’il a soumis la citoyenneté à des critères et paramètres identitaires flous et approximatifs , le débat l’emporte bien avec cette option .
Il était impossible de s’imaginer une quelconque crise identitaire dans les pays développés et politiquement stables .
Pourtant le débat repris pour le compte du gouvernement UMP en France et voulu par le président , semble plus vouloir traiter une quelconque crise , qui n’existe pas du tout ou bien elle végète , subrepticement , comme feu paille .
Il suscite un malaise quand l’opposition parle comme du blasphème au fruit sacré .
Ou bien quand il est perçu comme virage aux valeurs de l’extrême droite , car très peu de réponses pertinentes en découlent finalement à une question cruciale du « Vivre Ensemble » .
Les français voient toujours que ce débat n’est pas " tout à fait nécessaire " , malgré le tapageur fracas de la votation helvétique sur les minarets , selon le sondage du lundi 14 novembre « LH2 - Nouvelobs.com » pour le site du journal , dernier en date .
Soit des semaines sinon des mois après le lancement du débat .
Même si des éminences , es philologie , ont tonné de baliser la personnalité du français de la première décennie du 3ème millénaire , le débat n’est accepté pas tels que la retombée visée , le second mandat pour l’actuel président .
Avec 14 % seulement des Français qui jugent ce débat « tout à fait nécessaire » , et 9 % à penser qu’il a pris une « tournure plutôt positive » .
Le désarroi est présent , du principalement à la manœuvre électoraliste .
Dans la bassecour , le coq s’est pris pour un aigle !
Du moins la vision du haut est éloignée de l’attente du bas .
L’identité de Zidane à travers le foot et des matchs de France , d’Algérie et de Marseille , par lui-même .
En reprenant un débat tombé du camion du Front national , Eric Besson se convertit à celui qui n’a de gauche qu’un label , telle une marque apposée sur la veste .
Il suffit de changer d’habit pour modifier la trajectoire du voyageur racolé à l’ouverture d’un stand de foire dite d’ouverture .
Le champ politique tenu par Sarkozy est « libéraliste » , ciblant toute représentation de travailleurs face aux managers et patronat …
Et une stratégie astucieuse de chambouler le camp socialiste .
En adoptent le baiser l’araignée , qui consiste à travers l’ouverture de prendre le butin de la bataille présidentielle qu’il a gagné .
Seuls 40 % des sondés jugent encore le débat sur l’identité « nécessaire » et 55 % pensent le contraire « pas nécessaire » , les autres ne se prononçant pas ou n’en ayant pas entendu parler .
Cette différence à 2 chiffres n’annihile point que le débat existe et est largement suivi , même s’il est désavoué par les sondages .
TESTING : Exemple de participation au débat par les journalistes de Canal +
Les dérapages de propos allant sur le terrain de la Burqa , traité actuellement par une commission officielle .
Ou bien les amalgames confondant les problèmes des jeunes des banlieues largement stigmatisés par des vocables comme proxénètes et machistes par l’association « Ni putes ni Soumises » , avec l’identité officiellement initié par l’institution 1ère de la puissance publique .
Ces dérives et tant d’autres sont choquantes , parce que l’identité européenne bien fraîche et séculaire ainsi que l’absence de projections d’une interprétation identitaire universelle sont peu présentes par rapport aux visées de mettre au devant les communautés comme des dangers et une présence humaine envahissante , et l’émigration comme plus problématique que par le passé .
Dans le journal du dimanche paru la veille de ce sondage , Yazid Sabeg , a déploré la tournure prise par le débat .
« Ce débat échappe à tout contrôle , peut aggraver les fractures et donne à beaucoup de Français , les Français de confession musulmane , le sentiment d’être une fois de plus marginalisés ».
Mahmoud Abbas says he accepts the foreign ministers ' decision Arab foreign ministers have agreed to back the resumption of indirect Palestinian - Israeli talks , which could see fresh negotiations soon .
The move was quickly welcomed by the Israelis and comes after months of separate negotiations between the US and both sides .
But speaking at a meeting in Cairo , the foreign ministers said there must be a four - month time limit to the talks .
Talks between the two sides have been stalled for more than a year .
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas said he would accept the decision of the Arab foreign ministers and the principle of indirect talks .
The Palestine Liberation Organisation must now agree to the proposal for it to go ahead .
The organisation is due to meet at the end of this week .
Time limit Mark Regev , a spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , said the move was welcome .
ANALYSIS Paul Wood , BBC News , Jerusalem
It was Mr Abbas who called for this meeting and it has now given him the desired result .
He leaves Cairo with a face - saving measure to extricate himself from a position he had put himself in ( with a little help from the White House , which has also caved in to Israel on the settlement issue ) .
This may help him in particular with public opinion in the West Bank , but Mr Abbas has still been left looking pretty weak by what is in reality a U - turn .
It comes about after pressure from the US , Egypt and Jordan for some kind of talks to restart .
These will be so - called proximity talks - indirect negotiations .
They will probably involve a US mediator shuttling between Jerusalem and Ramallah , the seat of the Palestinian Authority in the West Bank .
Palestinian officials are not optimistic .
They say there has in effect already been a year of shuttle diplomacy with the US special envoy George Mitchell 's efforts to restart the peace process .
" Prime Minister Netanyahu has been calling for the resumption of talks for some time and we hope now the talks can move forward , " he said .
But the Arab foreign ministers said there should be a limited timeframe for the talks to be held to prevent them stalling .
" The committee [ of foreign ministers ] does not object to indirect negotiations and , if nothing is achieved four months from now , the issue will be taken to the UN Security Council , " Syrian ambassador to the Arab League , Yusef Ahmed said .
A Palestinian spokesman said that direct talks between the two sides were still not an option .
The issues of the construction of Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank and who will control East Jerusalem have proved stumbling blocks .
The Palestinians have demanded a complete halt to settlement building , the Israeli prime minister has promised a 10 - month pause in building .
Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future Palestinian state , but the Israeli government says Jerusalem is " eternal and indivisible " .
Peace talks broke down after the Israeli incursion into the Gaza Strip between December 2008 and January 2009 .
The attempt to restart what are known as " proximity talks " has been driven by the US , whose envoy , former senator George Mitchell , has visited the Middle East many times in the past year .
In recent weeks Palestinian leaders have increased their condemnation of Israel following an announcement that the Israeli government would list two West Bank shrines as " Israeli heritage sites " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
hello
got to the exclamation point and pressed volume up and camera but nothing ???? did i miss anything ?
Click to expand ...
The video demonstrates some of the functionality of the netrw plugin , which is usually distributed with Vim .
Note that if the NERD_tree is installed , then the functionality described in this episode wo n’t work for you .
Exploring the filesystem
The file explorer is just another Vim buffer , so you can navigate up and down with k and j keys , or jump to the bottom with G , etc .
If it is a large file listing , you may be quicker finding your target by searching for it .
There are a handful of useful commands for opening the file explorer - either in the current window or a split , focussing on the project root , or the directory of the most recent file edited .
This table summarizes :
lazy mnemonic open file explorer :e. : edit .
at current working directory :sp. : split .
in split at current working directory :vs. : vsplit .
in vertical split at current working directory :E : Explore at directory of current file : Se : Sexplore in split at directory of current file : Vex : Vexplore in vertical split at directory of current file
Manipulating the filesystem
The file explorer includes commands for creating new files and directories , as well as renaming or deleting existing ones .
This table summarizes these :
command action % create a new file d create a new directory R rename the file / directory under the cursor D Delete the file / directory under the cursor
Further Reading
The Justice Department and Senate investigators are broadening their inquiries into John Ensign ’s sex scandal .
Ensign inquiries broaden
The Justice Department and Senate investigators are broadening their inquiries into Sen. John Ensign ’s sex scandal , sources told POLITICO , amid a new report appearing to show additional , previously undisclosed , efforts by the Nevada Republican to land a job for the aggrieved husband of his former mistress .
The FBI began initial interviews with key players in the Ensign scandal in January , weeks after the Senate Ethics Committee began issuing subpoenas in the case .
Sources say the Justice Department investigation remains in an information - gathering phase , but it is moving swiftly and could soon turn into a full - fledged inquiry that would put further strain on the embattled senator ’s political career .
To date , no information has been presented to a federal grand jury , but that could soon change , according to sources familiar with the case .
Advertisement
The heightened pace of the inquiries comes amid a New York Times report Wednesday night disclosing new e-mails from 2008 showing that Ensign urged a Las Vegas firm to hire his former top Senate aide Doug Hampton as its lobbyist – in what could have been an effort to contain the fallout of the senator ’s affair with Hampton ’s wife , Cindy .
The e-mails could be damaging if investigators determine that Ensign conspired to help Hampton violate federal ethics laws that prohibit former aides from lobbying their one - time bosses within a mandated cooling off period .
While Ensign ’s efforts to help Hampton after he left his staff has previously been detailed by POLITICO and other news outlets , the Times disclosed for the first time that the senator urged another firm , P2SA , to hire Hampton after it had sought his help on several energy projects in 2008 .
The newspaper said only that it received the e-mails from a person “ involved in the case . ”
Hampton has sat down for a lengthy interview with the Times for an Ensign story in October , and many political analysts in Nevada and Washington believe that Hampton is out to destroy Ensign ’s career by periodically leaking damaging news on the senator to the media in order to keep the sex scandal story alive .
Hampton did not respond to inquiries seeking comment .
Since he disclosed the affair last summer , Ensign has denied any violations of federal law or Senate ethics rules .
“ Any allegation or inference that Senator Ensign ’s motivation for doing his job as a Senator was anything but for the good of his state is completely false and misleading , ” Rebecca Fisher , Ensign ’s spokeswoman said in a statement Wednesday night .
“ He did everything necessary to ensure there was no impropriety whatsoever in this matter . ”
And Fisher said that public records show that Ensign “ did not take any legislative action at the behest of this company ” and that he previously returned campaign donations he received from a P2SA executive .
“ No one is more anxious for this investigation to be completed and for the facts to come out than Senator Ensign , ” Fisher said .
“ He is hopeful that politics will stay out of the investigation so that he can continue to focus on his job as Nevada ’s Senator . ”
But the questions in the intervening weeks since disclosing his affair have only grown more intense , in light of Hampton ’s crusade to bring down the senator and Ensign ’s disclosure that his parents gave the Hamptons $ 96,000 as they left his staff on April 30 , 2008 .
Investigators are trying to determine whether Ensign violated federal disclosure laws by failing to report the payments as severance package to Doug Hampton and his wife , who was working for the senator as a campaign aide .
Ensign said the money was a gift to the Hamptons , and therefore would n’t need to be disclosed under federal law .
Asked by POLITICO this week about the broadening investigation , Ensign shrugged , threw up his hands and made a motion indicating that his lips were zipped .
According to the e-mails disclosed by the Times , P2SA officials urged Ensign in May 2008 to help with several energy projects – at the same time Ensign was trying to line up work for Hampton , who had learned of the affair just weeks before .
At a meeting , Ensign urged the company to consider hiring Hampton , and an executive there said they took it as a “ helpful hint , ” the Times reported .
In one of the e-mails , a company executive , Bob Andrews , told Ensign that they were “ excited about the assistance you and your staff ” could give to their projects , and asked for “ information regarding next week ’s fund - raising and we will certainly attend . ”
“ Being able to lobby our Congressional and senatorial lawmakers was certainly something we were exploring , ” Andrews told the Times .
The Times said Hampton followed up and met with Andrews , but later said that the company did not need his services .
In August 2008 , Ensign returned a campaign donation from a co-owner of the company after he was alerted to a potential ethics problem , Ensign ’s office said .
“ He not only returned the donation , but also informed the company that his office could not be of assistance in any capacity due to the connection of a fundraiser and legislative requests made by any employee of the company , ” said Fisher , the Ensign spokeswoman .
John Bresnahan contributed to this story
Openly lesbian Georgetown University Law Professor Chai Feldblum is among the 15 administration nominees appointed Saturday by President Barack Obama in his first recess appointments since taking office .
Feldblum has been appointed to be a commissioner on the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission .
A key Senate committee voted in favor of Feldblum 's nomination in December , four months after being nominated by Obama , but Republicans have since blocked a full Senate vote .
In making the announcement , Obama said he was bypassing the Senate , which is responsible for approving hundreds of nominations , because of Republican obstruction .
“ If , in the interest of scoring political points , Republicans in the Senate refuse to exercise that responsibility , I must act in the interest of the American people and exercise my authority to fill these positions on an interim basis , ” Obama said in a statement .
“ Most of the men and women whose appointments I am announcing today were approved by Senate committees months ago , yet still await a vote of the Senate . ”
“ I simply cannot allow partisan politics to stand in the way of the basic functioning of government , ” he added .
The White House said Obama 's 217 nominees pending before the Senate have waited an average of 101 days .
The 15 nominees , the White House said , have been pending for an average of 7 months .
Feldblum is considered a national scholar on transgender rights , disability issues and the gay rights movement .
In January , Denis Dison , vice president of the Gay & Lesbian Victory Fund , a group that promotes openly gay elected officials , told On Top Magazine that the Obama administration is on track to setting a new record on appointing openly lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender officials .
“ Obama has appointed about 100 openly LGBT staff to the executive branch in his first year in office , ” Dison said in an email .
“ [ President ] Clinton appointed about 140 over 8 years . ”
“ Obama is certainly on track to set a record in this regard , ” he added .
Dison cheered Feldblum 's appointment in an email : “ We 're very happy she will finally be able to serve on the EEOC , and proud that she is the first openly LGBT EEOC commissioner .
Few people are as qualified for this job as Chai Feldblum . ”
Social conservatives , however , have decried the appointment , labeling Feldblum a “ radical . ”
You do have free will – but you ’re not always the one in charge of it
Light showers fell for much of the game , stirring memories of a rainy Super Bowl in Miami three years ago .
But uniforms remained mostly spotless , with more pushing and shoving than tackling .
" It 's different .
It was like 7 on 7 , " NFC linebacker Brian Orakpo said .
" Everybody came out here trying not to get hurt and give the fans a good show "
Matt Schaub of the Houston Texans threw for 189 yards and two AFC scores , and was chosen the most valuable player .
" It 's a game you watch growing up as a kid and wonder if you could ever be in , " Schaub said .
" To actually be a part of it is incredible . "
Aaron Rodgers also threw two touchdown passes , and NFC teammate DeSean Jackson had two scoring catches .
From the standpoint of ticket sales , this year 's new venue and slot on the league calendar was a success .
The crowd of 70,697 was the largest for a Pro Bowl since 1959 in Los Angeles .
Spectators included Peyton Manning , Drew Brees and other Pro Bowl players from the Super Bowl teams .
Manning and the Indianapolis Colts will face Brees and the New Orleans Saints on the same field next Sunday in the biggest game of the season .
The NFL sought to transform the Pro Bowl into a bigger game by playing it before the Super Bowl for the first time .
In a one - year experiment , the league also moved the game from Honolulu , its home since 1980 .
The stadium was half empty by the third quarter , perhaps partly because of the rain and temperatures in the 60s .
It was sunny and 82 in Honolulu at game time .
Did the weather dampen the players ' enthusiasm for Miami ?
" It 's beautiful .
It 's paradise , " NFC receiver Steve Smith said .
" Too bad it 's not Hawaii . "
Eager to host more big events , the Dolphins have proposed adding a roof that would cover fans as part of stadium improvements that could cost $ 250 million or more .
NFL commissioner Roger Goodell says the upgrades are needed if South Florida is to remain competitive in bidding for future Super Bowls .
Nearly 40 percent of the players originally selected for the game did n't play .
One of the AFC replacements , David Garrard , threw for 183 yards , including a 48 - yard touchdown to Vincent Jackson .
" It 's so awesome , " Garrard said .
" One of my goals coming into the game was to just be relevant and show all the people who said , ` What is he doing in there ?
The Pro Bowl has dropped off a few pegs , ' that I do belong . "
Vincent Jackson made seven catches for 122 yards .
Chad Ochocinco had a 40 - yard reception but did n't do any kicking after practicing placements and punts for the AFC during the week .
" That 's OK .
It was fun anyway , " Ochocinco said .
DeSean Jackson scored on a 7 - yard pass from Rodgers and a 58 - yard pass from Donovan McNabb , his regular quarterback with the Eagles .
" I 'm just out here having a great time , " Jackson said .
" And at the same time I 'm trying to put out a little effort . "
There were plenty of other big plays .
Josh Cribbs caught a punt at the goal line and returned it 65 yards .
A penalty negated LaMarr Woodley 's 64 - interception return for a touchdown .
" I slowed up to get a little camera time , " Woodley said .
The AFC totaled 517 yards and the NFC 470 .
Both teams threw for more than 400 yards .
Redskins linebacker London Fletcher , a 12 - year veteran playing in his first Pro Bowl , found the AFC 's offensive approach exhausting .
" They came out with a bunch of screens and had us running around , " Fletcher said .
But there were no complaints from Fletcher 's teammate on defense , first - time Pro Bowler Justin Smith of the 49ers .
" The pace is nice , " Smith said .
" You do n't have to worry about working too hard . "
The game will return to Honolulu in 2011 and 2012 , but the league has n't decided whether to hold those games before or after the Super Bowl .
The Pro Bowl site for 2013 and beyond has n't been determined .
Dynasty of Priestesses By Eti Bonn -Muller
Evidence of a powerful female bloodline emerges from the Iron Age necropolis of Orthi Petra at Eleutherna on Crete
For a quarter century , Greek excavation director Nicholas Stampolidis and his dedicated team have been unearthing the untold stories of the people buried some 2,800 years ago in the necropolis of Orthi Petra at Eleutherna on Crete .
Until now , the site has perhaps been best known for the tomb its excavators dubbed " A1K1 , " an assemblage of 141 cremated individuals , all but two of whom were aristocratic men who likely fell in battle in foreign lands .
Excavated between 1992 and 1996 , this elaborate rock - cut tomb was brimming with fantastic burial goods that date from the ninth to the seventh century B.C. , including bronze vessels , gold and silver jewelry , and military regalia , as literally befits the burial of Homeric war heroes .
Now , two unprecedented discoveries since 2007 -- three lavish jar burials that contained the remains of a dozen related female individuals and a monumental funerary building where a high priestess and her protégés , also all related , were laid to rest -- are adding to our knowledge of Eleutherna 's women , and forcing the scholarly community to reevaluate their importance and role in the so - called " Dark Ages " of Greece ( see " Top 10 Discoveries of 2009 " ) .
History and Excavations
A view of Mount Ida ( center ) from the environs of Eleutherna shows the proximity of the site to the sacred cave of Zeus , where the priestesses buried at Orthi Petra likely served the important god .
( Photo by Eti Bonn - Muller )
The site of Eleutherna includes an acropolis , a polis , and a necropolis .
Excavations in each area by various teams over the years have shown that the people who lived here -- descendants of the Bronze Age civilizations of both the Minoans and the Mycenaeans , as well as the Dorians , warriors from the Greek mainland who settled on Crete between 1100 and 900 B.C. -- controlled a vast territory , beginning around the ninth century B.C.
The surrounding landscape , rich in stone , lumber , honey , and plant resources , may have played a large part in Eleutherna 's economic success .
The site is also strategically located , nestled in the olive - tree - dotted foothills of the sacred Mount Ida , some six miles from the sea and 10 miles from the so - called " cave of Zeus , " where the head of the Greek pantheon was raised .
The Dorians wove Minoan culture into the tapestry of this cosmopolitan city .
They expanded Minoan trade routes and communications with far - flung corners of the Mediterranean world , such as Asia Minor , the Middle East , North Africa , and Sicily .
As the economy boomed , the landowning aristocracy grew even more powerful through taxes , its success driven yet further by the proliferation of imported luxury goods and exotic raw materials , including gold , silver , ivory , glass , and semiprecious stones , as reflected in spectacular finds from the necropolis .
( See Sacred Adornments for more on the most recent discoveries . )
Stampolidis 's team has unearthed three types of Iron Age burials at Orthi Petra -- or " Standing Stone " ( see " Introduction to Orthi Petra " video for more on the site 's name ) -- dating from the ninth to the seventh century B.C. : pithos ( large ceramic jar ) burials , cremations , and basic inhumations .
Over the years , stunning finds have come to light , ranging from exquisite bronze vessels to the fragile skeleton of a dog that accompanied its master to the other side .
The team has also discovered funerary buildings and activity areas for cremations , including pyres straight out of verses from the Iliad .
Despite the excavation 's extraordinary success , Professor Stampolidis is greatly humbled .
" If you are going to do this work , you are becoming a philosopher , " he says , " and you try , at least , to understand that you are just a small part of a speck of dust in oblivion . "
Eti Bonn -Muller is the AIA online senior editor .
Sacred Adornments
Nicholas Stampolidis , who has directed excavations at Orthi Petra since 1985 , introduces the site and shares insights into a selection of artifacts from the priestesses ' tomb , including a gold pendant depicting the head of a lion - - a possible hallmark of attendants to the cult of Zeus .
Stampolidis is also a professor at the University of Crete and the director of the Museum of Cycladic Art in Athens .
Makings of a Matriline
Anagnostis Agelarakis of Adelphi University in New York , an archaeologist and expert in physical / forensic anthropology and paleopathology , has worked at Orthi Petra for nearly two decades .
A specialist in archaeological anthropology , human ecology , and ethnography , Agelarakis has contributed to numerous excavations spanning the millennia throughout the eastern Mediterranean , and in recent years , has written for ARCHAEOLOGY ( see " Warriors of Paros " and " Artful Surgery " ) .
Follow his early analysis of the newly discovered matriline at Eleutherna .
Read an interview with Anagnostis Agelarakis .
See also a related video : " Inhumations , Cremations , Jar Burials , and Dog Skeleton "
Videos
Explore excavations at the necropolis of Orthi Petra through video tours with team members .
Related Features
Learn more about the archaeologically rich island of Crete through additional resources on our website .
Crafty Arts was established in 1991 but recently in 2013 , Crafty Arts took the bold decision to become an online only Retail Company , with an aim to providing one of the best online shopping experiences around .
We are supported by our suppliers as a premier and main stockist for Winsor & Newton , Daler Rowney , Fimo , Reeves , KSG , Derwent and DoCrafts .
We are also a major stockist of brands ....
More ›
Full text of " Totem and taboo ; resemblances between the psychic lives of savages and neurotics "
I TOTEM AND TABOO RESEMBLANCES BETWEEN THE PSYCHIC LIVES OF SAVAGES AND NEUROTICS BY PROFESSOR DR , SIGMUND FREUD , LL.D. Authorized English Translation with Introduction by A. A. BRILL , Ph.B. , M.D. Asst. Prof , of Psychiatry , N. Y. Post Graduate Medical School ; Lecturer in Psychoanalysis and Ab- normal Psychology , New York University : former Chief of Clinic of Psychiatry , Columbia University MOW-IN FERIOR A -sloy en£es NEW YORK MOFFAT , YARD AND COMPANY 1919 Copyright , 1918 , by MOFFAT , YARD AND COMPANY Second Printing , June , 1919 Lop i o<L AUTHORS PREFACE
The essays treated here appeared under the subtitle of this book in the first numbers of the periodical " Imago " edited by me .
They repre- sent my first efforts to apply view - points and re- sults of psychoanalysis to unexplained problems of racial psychology .
In method this book con- trasts with that of W. Wundt and the works of the Zurich Psychoanalytic School .
The former tries to accomplish the same object through as- sumptions and procedures from non-analytic psychology , while the latter follow the opposite course and strive to settle problems of individual psychology by referring to material of racial psychology .
1 I am pleased to say that the first stimulus for my own works came from these two sources .
I am fully aware of the shortcomings in these essays .
I shall not touch upon those which are characteristic of first efforts at investigation .
The others , however , demand a word of explana- i Jung : Wandlungen und Symbole der Libido ( Transformations and Symbols of the Libido ) translated by Dr. Beatrice Hinkle under the title " The Psychology of the Unconscious , " Moffat , Yard & Co. , and " Principles of Psychoanalysis , Nervous and Men- tal Diseases , " Monograph Series .
iii iv PREFACE } tion .
The four essays which are here collected will be of interest to a wide circle of educated peo- ple , but they can only be thoroughly understood and judged by those who are really acquainted with psychoanalysis as such .
It is hoped that they may serve as a bond between students of ethnology , philology , folklore and of the allied sciences , and psychoanalysts ; they cannot , how - ever , supply both groups the entire requisites for such cooperation .
They will not furnish the former with sufficient insight into the new psychological technique , nor will the psycho- analysts acquire through them an adequate com- mand over the material to be elaborated .
Both groups will have to content themselves with what - ever attention they can stimulate here and there and with the hope that frequent meetings be - tween them will not remain unproductive for sci- ence .
The two principle themes , totem and taboo , which gave the name to this small book are not treated alike here .
The problem of taboo is pre- sented more exhaustively , and the effort to solve it is approached with perfect confidence .
The investigation of totemism may be modestly ex- pressed as : " This is all that psychoanalytic study can contribute at present to the elucidation of the problem of totemism . "
This difference in the treatment of the two subjects is due to the fact PREFACE v that taboo still exists in our midst .
To be sure , it is negatively conceived and directed to different contents , but according to its psychological na- ture , it is still nothing else than Kant 's " Cate - gorical Imperative , ' ' which tends to act compul - sively and rejects all conscious motivations .
On the other hand , totemism is a religio - social insti- tution which is alien to our present feelings ; it has long been abandoned and replaced by new forms .
In the religions , morals , and customs of the civilized races of today it has left only slight traces , and even among those races where it is still retained , it has had to undergo great changes .
The social and material progress of the history of mankind could obviously change taboo much less than totemism .
In this book the attempt is ventured to find the original meaning of totemism through its infan- tile traces , that is , through the indications in which it reappears in the development of our own children .
The close connection between totem and taboo indicates the further paths to the hypothesis maintained here .
And although this hypothesis leads to somewhat improbable con- clusions , there is no reason for rejecting the pos- sibility that it comes more or less near to the reality which is so hard to reconstruct .
TRANSLATOR'S INTRODUCTION
When one reviews the history of psycho- analysis * one finds that it had its inception in the study of morbid mental states .
Beginning with the observation of hysteria and the other neu- roses 2 Professor Freud gradually extended his investigations to normal psychology and evolved new concepts and new methods of study .
The neurotic symptoms were no longer imaginary troubles the nature of which one could not grasp , but were conceived as mental and emotional mal- adjustments to one 's environment .
The stamp of degeneracy impressed upon neurotics by other schools of medicine was altogether eradicated .
Deeper investigation showed conclusively that a person might become neurotic if subjected to cer - tain environments , and that there was no definite dividing line between normal and abnormal .
The hysterical symptoms , obsessions , doubts , phobias , as well as hallucinations of the insane , show the same mechanisms as those similar psy - i" The History of the Psychoanalytic Movement , " translated by A. A. Brill .
Nervous and Mental Disease Monograph Series .
2 " Selected Papers on Hysteria and Other Psychoneuroses , " translated by A. A. Brill .
Monograph Series .
vii viii TRANSLATOR'S INTRODUCTION chic structures which one constantly encounters in normal persons in the form of mistakes in talk - ing , reading , writing , forgetting , 3 dreams and wit .
The dream , always highly valued by the populace , and as much despised by the edu- cated classes , has a definite structure and mean - ing when subjected to analysis .
Professor Freud 's monumental work , The Interpretation of Dreams , 4 marked a new epoch in the history of mental science .
One might use the same words in reference to his profound analysis of wit .
5 Faulty psychic actions , dreams and wit are products of the unconscious mental activity , and like neurotic or psychotic manifestations repre- sent efforts at adjustment to one 's environment .
The slip of the tongue shows that on account of unconscious inhibitions the individual concerned is unable to express his true thoughts ; the dream is a distorted or plain expression of those wishes which are prohibited in the waking states , and the witticism , owing to its veiled or indirect way of expression , enables the individual to obtain pleasure from forbidden sources .
But whereas s " The Psychopathology of Everyday Life , " translated by A. A. Brill .
T. Fisher Unwin , London , and the Macmillan Co. , N. Y. 4 Translated by A. A. Brill , George Allen , and Unwin , London , and the Macmillan Co. , N. Y. e " Wit and Its Relations to the Unconscious , " translated by A. A. Brill .
Moffat , Yard and Co. , N. Y. TRANSLATOR'S INTRODUCTION ix dreams , witticisms , and faulty actions give evi- dences of inner conflicts which the individual overcomes , the neurotic or psychotic symptom is the result of a failure and represents a morbid adjustment .
The aforementioned psychic formations are therefore nothing but manifestations of the struggle with reality , the constant effort to ad- just one 's primitive feelings to the demands of civilization .
In spite of all later development the individual retains all his infantile psychic struc- tures .
Nothing is lost ; the infantile wishes and primitive impulses can always be demonstrated in the grown up and on occasion can be brought back to the surface .
In his dreams the normal person is constantly reviving his childhood , and the neurotic or psychotic individual merges back into a sort of psychic infantilism through his mor- bid productions .
The unconscious mental activ- ity which is made up of repressed infantile mate - rial forever strives to express itself .
Whenever the individual finds it impossible to dominate the difficulties of the world of realitv there is a re- gression to the infantile , and psychic disturbances ensue which are conceived as peculiar thoughts and acts .
Thus the civilized adult is the result of his childhood or the sum total of his early im - pressions ; psychoanalysis thus confirms the old saying :
The child is father to the man .
x TRANSLATOR'S INTRODUCTION ;
It is at this point in the development of psycho- analysis that the paths gradually broadened until they finally culminated in this work .
There were many indications that the childhood of the individual showed a marked resemblance to the primitive history or the childhood of races .
The knowledge gained from dream analysis and phantasies , 6 when applied to the productions of racial phantasies , like myths and fairy tales , seemed to indicate that the first impulse to form myths was due to the same emotional strivings which produced dreams , fancies and symptoms .
7
Further study in this direction has thrown much light on our great cultural institutions , such as religion , morality , law and philosophy , all of which Professor Freud has modestly formulated in this volume and thus initiated a new epoch in the study of racial psychology .
I take great pleasure in acknowledging my indebtedness to Mr. Alfred B. Kuttner for the invaluable assistance he rendered in the transla- tion of this work .
A. A. Brill .
6 Freud : " Leonardo Da Vinci , " translated by A. A. Brill .
Moffat , Yard and Co. , N. Y. 7 Cf. the works of Abraham , Spielrein , Jung , and Rank .
CONTENTS CHAPTER PAGE I The Savage 's Dread of Incest .... 1 II Taboo and the Ambivalence of Emotions 30 III Animism , Magic and the Omnipotence of Thought 124 IV The Infantile Recurrence of Totemism .
165 TOTEM AND TABOO CHAPTER I THE SAVAGE'S DREAD OF INCEST Primitive man is known to us by the stages of development through which he has passed : that is , through the inanimate monuments and imple - ments which he has left behind for us , through our knowledge of his art , his religion and his at - titude towards life , which we have received either directly or through the medium of legends , myths and fairy - tales ; and through the remnants of his ways of thinking that survive in our own manners and customs .
Moreover , in a certain sense he is still our contemporary : there are people whom we still consider more closely related to primitive man than to ourselves , in whom we therefore recognize the direct descendants and representa- tives of earlier man .
We can thus judge the so - called savage and semi- savage races ; their psychic life assumes a peculiar interest for us , for we can recognize in their psychic life a well - pre- served , early stage of our own development .
l 2 TOTEM AND TABOO
If this assumption is correct , a comparison of the " Psychology of Primitive Races " as taught by folklore , with the psychology of the neurotic as it has become known through psychoanalysis , will reveal numerous points of correspondence and throw new light on subjects that are more or less familiar to us .
For outer as well as for inner reasons , I am choosing for this comparison those tribes which have been described by ethnographists as being most backward and wretched : the aborigines of the youngest continent , namely Australia , whose fauna has also preserved for us so much that is archaic and no longer to be found elsewhere .
The aborigines of Australia are looked upon as a peculiar race which shows neither physical nor linguistic relationship with its nearest neigh - bors , the Melanesian , Polynesian and Malayan races .
They do not build houses or permanent huts ; they do not cultivate the soil or keep any domestic animals except dogs ; and they do not even know the art of pottery .
They live exclu- sively on the flesh of all sorts of animals which they kill in the chase , and on the roots which they dig .
Kings or chieftains are unknown among them , and all communal affairs are decided by the elders in assembly .
It is quite doubtful whether they evince any traces of religion in the form of worship of higher beings .
The tribes THE SAVAGE'S DREAD OF INCEST 3 living in the interior who have to contend with the greatest vicissitudes of life owing to a scarcity of water , seem in every way more primitive than those who live near the coast .
We surely would not expect that these poor , naked cannibals should be moral in their sex life according to our ideas , or that they should have imposed a high degree of restriction upon their sexual impulses .
And yet we learn that they have considered it their duty to exercise the most searching care and the most painful rigor in guarding against incestuous sexual relations .
In fact their whole social organization seems to serve this object or to have been brought into re- lation with its attainment .
Among the Australians the system of Totem - ism takes the place of all religious and social in - stitutions .
Australian tribes are divided into smaller septs or clans , each taking the name of its totem .
Now what is a totem ?
As a rule it is an animal , either edible and harmless , or danger - ous and feared ; more rarely the totem is a plant or a force of nature ( rain , water ) , which stands in a peculiar relation to the whole clan .
The totem is first of all the tribal ancestor of the clan , as well as its tutelary spirit and protector ; it sends oracles and , though otherwise dangerous , the totem knows and spares its children .
The members of a totem are therefore under a sacred 4 TOTEM AND TABOO obligation not to kill ( destroy ) their totem , to abstain from eating its meat or from any other enjoyment of it .
Any violation of these prohibi- tions is automatically punished .
The character of a totem is inherent not only in a single animal or a single being but in all the members of the species .
From time to time festivals are held at which the members of a totem represent or imitate , in ceremonial dances , the movements and characteristics of their totems .
The totem is hereditary either through the ma- ternal or the paternal line ; ( maternal transmis - sion probably always preceded and was only later supplanted by the paternal ) .
The attachment to a totem is the foundation of all the social obliga- tions of an Australian : it extends on the one hand beyond the tribal relationship , and on the other hand it supersedes consanguinous relationship .
1
The totem is not limited to district or to lo- cality ; the members of a totem may live sepa- rated from one another and on friendly terms with adherents of other totems .
2 iFrazer , " Totemism and Exogamy , " Vol. I , p. 53 .
" The totem bond is stronger than the bond of blood or family in the modern sense . "
2
This very brief extract of the totemic system cannot be left without some elucidation and without discussing its limitations .
The name Totem or Totara was first learned from the North American Indians by the Englishman , J. Long , in 1791 .
The subject has gradually acquired great scientific interest and has called forth a copious literature .
I refer especially to " Totemism and Exogamy " by J. G. Frazer , 4 vols. , 1910 , and the books THE SAVAGE'S DREAD OF INCEST 5
And now , finally , we must consider that pe- culiarity of the totemic system which attracts the interest of the psychoanalyst .
Almost every - where the totem prevails there also exists the and articles of Andrew Lang ( " The Secret of Totem , " 1905 ) .
The credit for having recognized the significance of totemism for the ancient history of man belongs to the Scotchman , J. Ferguson MacLennan { Fortnightly Review , 1869 - 70 ) .
Exterior to Aus- tralia , totemic institutions were found and are still observed among North American Indians , as well as among the races of the Polynesian Islands group , in East India , and in a large part of Africa .
Many traces and survivals otherwise hard to interpret lead to the conclusion that totemism also once existed among the aboriginal Aryan and Semitic races of Europe , so that many in - vestigators are inclined to recognize in totemism a necessary phase of human development through which every race has passed .
How then did prehistoric man come to acquire a totem ; that is , how did he come to make his descent from this or that animal foundation of his social duties and , as we shall hear , of his sexual restrictions as well ?
Many different theories have been advanced to explain this , a review of which the reader may find in Wundt 's " Volkerpsychologie " ( Vol. II , Mythus und Religion ) .
I promise soon to make the problem of totemism a subject of special study in which an effort will be made to solve it by apply - ing the psychoanalytic method .
( Cf .
The fourth chapter of this work , ) Not only is the theory of totemism controversial , but the very facts concerning it are hardly to be expressed in such general statements as were attempted above .
There is hardly an asser - tion to which one would not have to add exceptions and contra- dictions .
But it must not be forgotten that even the most prim - itive and conservative races are , in a certain sense , old , and have a long period behind them during which whatsoever was aborig - inal with them has undergone much development and distortion .
Thus among those races who still evince it , we find totemism to - day in the most manifold states of decay and disintegration ; we observe that fragments of it have passed over to other social and religious institutions ; or it may exist in fixed forms but far re- moved from its original nature .
The difficulty then consists in the fact that it is not altogether easy to decide what in the actual conditions is to be taken as a faithful copy of the significant past and what is to be considered as a secondary distortion of it .
6 TOTEM AND TABOO law that the members of the same totem are not allowed to enter into sexual relations with each other ; that is , that they cannot marry each other .
This represents the exogamy which is associated with the totem .
This sternly maintained prohibition is very re- markable .
There is nothing to account for it in anything that we have hitherto learned from the conception of the totem or from any of its at - tributes ; that is , we do not understand how it happened to enter the system of totemism .
We are therefore not astonished if some investigators simply assume that at first exogamy — both as to its origin and to its meaning — had nothing to do with totemism , but that it was added to it at some time without any deeper association , when marriage restrictions proved necessary .
How - ever that may be , the association of totemism and exogamy exists , and proves to be very strong .
Let us elucidate the meaning of this prohibi- tion through further discussion .
a )
The violation of the prohibition is not left to what is , so to speak , an automatic punishment , as is the case with other violations of the prohibi- tions of the totem ( e.g. , not to kill the totem animal ) , but is most energetically avenged by the whole tribe as if it were a question of warding off a danger that threatens the community as a whole or a guilt that weighs upon all .
A few THE SAVAGE'S DREAD OF INCEST 7 sentences from Frazer 's book 3 will show how seriously such trespasses are treated by these savages who , according to our standard , are otherwise very immoral .
" In Australia the regular penalty for sexual intercourse with a person of a forbidden clan is death .
It matters not whether the woman is of the same local group or has been captured in war from another tribe ; a man of the wrong clan who uses her as his wife is hunted down and killed by his clansmen , and so is the woman ; though in some cases , if they succeed in eluding capture for a certain time , the offense may be condoned .
In the Ta - Ta - thi tribe , New South Wales , in the rare cases which occur , the man is killed , but the woman is only beaten or speared , or both , till she is nearly dead ; the reason given for not actually killing her being that she was probably coerced .
Even in casual amours the clan prohibitions are strictly observed ; any viola- tions of these prohibitions ' are regarded with the utmost abhorrence and are punished by death ' ( Howitt ) . " b)
As the same severe punishment is also meted out for temporary love affairs which have not resulted in childbirth , the assumption of other motives , perhaps of a practical nature , be- comes improbable .
8 Frazer , 1 . c. p. 54 . 8 TOTEM AND TABOO c )
As the totem is hereditary and is not changed by marriage , the results of the prohibi- tion , for instance in the case of maternal heredity , are easily perceived .
If , for example , the man belongs to a clan with the totem of the Kangaroo and marries a woman of the Emu totem , the chil - dren , both boys and girls , are all Emu .
Accord - ing to the totem law incestuous relations with his mother and his sister , who are Emu like himself , are therefore made impossible for a son of this marriage .
4 d) But we need only a reminder to realize that the exogamy connected with the totem ac- complishes more ; that is , aims at more than the prevention of incest with the mother or the sisters .
It also makes it impossible for the man to have sexual union with all the women of his own group , with a number of females , therefore , who are not consanguinously related to him , by treating all these women like blood relations .
The psycho- logical justification for this extraordinary restric - tion , which far exceeds anything comparable to 4
But the father , who is a Kangaroo , is free — at least under this prohibition — to commit incest with his daughters , who are Emu .
In the case of paternal inheritance of the totem the father would be Kangaroo as well as the children ; then incest with the daugh - ters would be forbidden to the father and incest with the mother would be left open to the son .
These consequences of the totem prohibition seem to indicate that the maternal inheritance is older than the paternal one , for there are grounds for assuming that the totem prohibitions are directed first of all against the incestuous desires of the son .
THE SAVAGE'S DREAD OF INCEST 9 it among civilized races , is not , at first , evident .
All we seem to understand is that the role of the totem ( the animal ) as ancestor is taken very seri- ously .
Everybody descended from the same totem is consanguinous ; that is , of one family ; and in this family the most distant grades of re- lationship are recognized as an absolute obstacle to sexual union .
Thus these savages reveal to us an unusually high grade of incest dread or incest sensitiveness , combined with the peculiarity , which we do not very well understand , of substituting the totem relationship for the real blood relationship .
But we must not exaggerate this contradiction too much , and let us bear in mind that the totem prohibitions include real incest as a special case .
In what manner the substitution of the totem group for the actual family has come about re- mains a riddle , the solution of which is perhaps bound up with the explanation of the totem it - self .
Of course it must be remembered that with a certain freedom of sexual intercourse , extend - ing beyond the limitations of matrimony , the blood relationship , and with it also the prevention of incest , becomes so uncertain that we cannot dispense with some other basis for the prohibition .
It is therefore not superfluous to note that the customs of Australians recognize social condi- tions and festive occasions at which the exclusive 10 TOTEM AND TABOO conjugal right of a man to a woman is violated .
The linguistic custom of these tribes , as well as of most totem races , reveals a peculiarity which undoubtedly is pertinent in this connection .
For the designations of relationship of which they make use do not take into consideration the rela - tion between two individuals , but between an individual and his group ; they belong , according to the expression of L. H. Morgan , to the " class - ifying " system .
That means that a man calls not only his begetter " father " but also every other man who , according to the tribal regulations , might have married his mother and thus become his father ; he calls " mother " not only the woman who bore him but also every other woman who might have become his mother without violation of the tribal laws ; he calls " brothers " and " sis- ters " not only the children of his real parents , but also the children of all the persons named who stand in the parental group relation with him , and so on .
The kinship names which two Australians give each other do not , therefore , necessarily point to a blood relationship between them , as they would have to according to the custom of our language ; they signify much more the social than the physical relations .
An ap- proach to this classifying system is perhaps to be found in our nursery , when the child is induced to greet every male and female friend of the parents THE SAVAGE'S DREAD OF INCEST 11 as " uncle " and " aunt , " or it may be found in a transferred sense when we speak of " Brothers in Apollo / ' or " Sisters in Christ . " ,
The explanation of this linguistic custom , which seems so strange to us , is simple if looked upon as a remnant and indication of those mar- riage institutions which the Rev. L. Fison has called " group marriage , " characterized by a num - ber of men exercising conjugal rights over a number of women .
The children of this group marriage would then rightly look upon each other as brothers and sisters although not born of the same mother , and would take all the men of the group for their fathers .
Although a number of authors , as , for instance , B. Westermarck in his " History of Human Mar- riage , " 5 oppose the conclusions which others have drawn from the existence of group - relationship names , the best authorities on the Australian savages are agreed that the classiflcatory rela - tionship names must be considered as survivals from the period of group marriages .
And , ac- cording to Spencer and Gillen , 6 a certain form of group marriage can be established as still exist - ing to - day among the tribes of the Urabunna and the Dieri .
Group marriage therefore pre- ceded individual marriage among these races 5 Second edition , 1902 .
« " The Native Tribes of Central Australia , " London , 1899 .
12 TOTEM AND TABOO and did not disappear without leaving distinct traces in language and custom .
But if we replace individual marriage , we can then grasp the apparent excess of cases of incest shunning which we have met among these same races .
The totem exogamy , or prohibition of sexual intercourse between members of the same clan , seemed the most appropriate means for the prevention of group incest ; and this totem exog - amy then became fixed and long survived its original motivation .
Although we believe that we understand the motives of the marriage restrictions among the Australian savages , we have still to learn that the actual conditions reveal a still more bewilder - ing complication .
For there are only few tribes in Australia which show no other prohibition be- sides the totem barrier .
Most of them are so organized that they fall into two divisions which have been called marriage classes , or phratries .
Each of these marriage groups is exogamous and includes a majority of totem groups .
Usually each marriage group is again divided into two sub-classes ( sub- phratries ) , and the whole tribe is therefore divided into four classes ; the sub - classes thus standing between the phratries and the totem groups .
The typical and often very intricate scheme THE SAVAGE'S DREAD OF INCEST 13 of organization of an Australian tribe therefore looks as follows : PhRATRIES . a b SUBPHRATRIES / \ \ c o/ e TOTEW Q6V 6ET1 123 456
The twelve totem groups are brought under ! four subclasses and two main classes .
All the divisions are exogamous .
7
The subclass c forms an exogamous unit with e , and the subclass d with f .
The success or the tendency of these ar- rangements is quite obvious ; they serve as a fur - ther restriction on the marriage choice and on sexual freedom .
If there were only these twelve totem groups — assuming the same number of people in each group — every member of a group would have Hi 2 of all the women of the tribe to choose from .
The existence of the two phratries reduces this number to % 2 or Vi\ a man of the totem a can only marry a woman from the groups 1 to 6 .
With the introduction of the two sub- classes the selection sinks to % 2 or % ; a man of 7
The number of totems is arbitrarily chosen .
14 TOTEM AND TABOO the totem <* must limit his marriage choice to the woman of the totems 4 , 5 , 6 .
The historical relations of the marriage classes — of which there are found as many as eight in some tribes — are quite unexplained .
We only see that these arrangements seek to attain the same object as the totem exogamy , and even strive for more .
But whereas the totem exog - amy makes the impression of a sacred statute which sprang into existence , no one knows how , and is therefore a custom , the complicated insti- tutions of the marriage classes , with their sub - divisions and the conditions attached to them , seem to spring from legislation with a definite aim in view .
They have perhaps taken up afresh the task of incest prohibition because the influ- ence of the totem was on the wane .
And while the totem system is , as we know , the basis of all other social obligations and moral restrictions of the tribe , the importance of the phratries gener - ally ceases when the regulation of the marriage choice at which they aimed has been accom- plished .
In the further development of the classifica - tion of the marriage system there seems to be a tendency to go beyond the prevention of natural and group incest , and to prohibit marriage be - tween more distant group relations , in a manner similar to the Catholic church , which extended THE SAVAGE'S DREAD OF INCEST 15 the marriage prohibitions always in force for brother and sisters , to cousins , and invented for them the grades of spiritual kinship .
8
It would hardly serve our purpose to go into the extraordinarily intricate and unsettled dis- cussion concerning the origin and significance of the marriage classes , or to go more deeply into their relation to totemism .
It is sufficient for our purposes to point out the great care expended by the Australians as well as by other savage people to prevent incest .
9
We must say that these savages are even more sensitive to incest than we , perhaps because they are more subject to temptations than we are , and hence require more extensive protection against it .
But the incest dread of these races does not content itself with the creation of the institutions described , which , in the main , seem to be directed against group incest .
We must add a series of " customs " which watch over the individual be- havior to near relatives in our sense , which are maintained with almost religious severity and of whose object there can hardly be any doubt .
These customs or custom prohibitions may be called " avoidances . "
They spread far beyond 8 Article " Totemism " in Encyclopedia Britannica , eleventh edi- tion , 1911 ( A. Lang ) .
Q Storfer has recently drawn special attention to this point in his monograph : " Parricide as a Special Case .
Papers on Ap- plied Psychic Investigation , " No. 12 , Vienna , 1911 .
16 TOTEM AND TABOO the Australian totem races .
But here again I must ask the reader to be content with a frag - mentary excerpt from the abundant material .
Such restrictive prohibitions are directed in Melanesia against the relations of boys with their mothers and sisters .
Thus , for instance , on Lepers Island , one of the New Hebrides , the boy leaves his maternal home at a fixed age and moves to the " clubhouse , " where he then regu- larly sleeps and takes his meals .
He may still visit his home to ask for food ; but if his sister is at home he must go away before he has eaten ; if no sister is about he mav sit down to eat near the door .
If brother and sister meet by chance in the open , she must run away or turn aside and conceal herself .
If the boy recognizes certain footprints in the sand as his sister 's he is not to follow them , nor is she to follow his .
He will not even mention her name and will guard against using any current word if it forms part of her name .
This avoidance , which begins with the ceremony of puberty , is strictly observed for life .
The reserve between mother and son increases with age and generally is more obligatory on the mother 's side .
If she brings him something to eat she does not give it to him herself but puts it down before him , nor does she address him in the familiar manner of mother and son , but uses the formal address .
Similar customs obtain in New THE SAVAGE'S DREAD OF INCEST 17 Caledonia .
If brother and sister meet , she flees into the bush and he passes by without turning his head toward her .
10 On the Gazella Peninsula in New Britain a sister , beginning with her marriage , may no longer speak with her brother , nor does she utter his name but designates him by means of a cir- cumlocution .
11 In New Mecklenburg some cousins are subject to such restrictions , which also apply to brothers and sisters .
They may neither approach each other , shake hands , nor give each other presents , though they may talk to each other at a distance of several paces .
The penalty for incest with a sister is death through hanging .
12
These rules of avoidance are especially severe in the Fiji Islands where they concern not only consanguinous sisters but group sisters as well .
To hear that these savages hold sacred orgies in which persons of just these forbidden degrees of kinship seek sexual union would seem still more peculiar to us , if we did not prefer to make use of this contradiction to explain the prohibi- tion instead of being astonished at it .
13 1° R. H. Codrington , " The Melanesians , " also Frazer : " Totemism and Exogamy , " Vol. I , p. 77 . ii Frazer , 1 . c. II , p. 124 , according to Kleintischen : The In- habitants of the Coast of the Gazelle Peninsula .
12 Frazer , 1 . c. II , p. 131 , according to P. G. Peckel in An- thropes , 1908 .
13 Fraser , 1 . c. II , p. 147 , according to the Rev. L. Fison .
18 TOTEM AND TABOO
Among the Battas of Sumatra these laws of avoidance affect all near relationships .
For in - stance , it would be most offensive for a Battan to accompany his own sister to an evening party .
A brother will feel most uncomfortable in the company of his sister even when other persons are also present .
If either comes into the house , the other prefers to leave .
Nor will a father remain alone in the house with his daughter any more than the mother with her son .
The Dutch mis- sionary who reported these customs added that unfortunately he had to consider them well founded .
It is assumed without question by these races that a man and a woman left alone together will indulge in the most ex- treme intimacy , and as they expect all kinds of punishments and evil consequences from consanguinous intercourse they do quite right to avoid all temptations by means of such pro- hibitions .
14 Among the Barongos in Delagoa Bay , in Africa , the most rigorous precautions are di- rected , curiously enough , against the sister - in- law , the wife of the brother of one 's own wife .
If a man meets this person who is so dangerous to him , he carefully avoids her .
He does not dare to eat out of the same dish with her ; he speaks only timidly to her , does not dare to enter 14 Frazer , 1 . c. II , p. 189 .
THE SAVAGE'S DREAD OF INCEST 19 her hut , and greets her only with a trembling voice .
15 Among the Akamba ( or Wakamba ) in British East Africa , a law of avoidance is in force which one would have expected to encounter more fre- quently .
A girl must carefully avoid her own father between the time of her puberty and her marriage .
She hides herself if she meets him on the street and never attempts to sit down next to him , behaving in this way right up to her en- gagement .
But after her marriage no further obstacle is put in the way of her social intercourse with her father .
16
The most widespread and strictest avoidance , which is perhaps the most interesting one for civilized races , is that which restricts the social relations - between a man and his mother - in - law .
It is quite general in Australia , but it is also in force among the Melanesian , Polynesian and Negro races of Africa as far as the traces of totemism and group relationship reach , and prob - ably further still .
Among some of these races similar prohibitions exist against the harmless social intercourse of a wife with her father - in - law , but these are by far not so constant or so serious .
In a few cases both parents - in - law become ob- jects of avoidance .
15 Frazer , I. c. II , p. 388 , according to Junod. is Frazer , 1 . c. II , p. 424 . 20 TOTEM AND TABOO
As we are less interested in the ethnographic dissemination than in the substance and the pur- pose of the mother - in - law avoidance , I will here also limit myself to a few examples .
On the Banks Island these prohibitions are very severe and painfully exact .
A man will avoid the proximity of his mother - in - law as she avoids his .
If they meet by chance on a path , the woman steps aside and turns her back until he is passed , or he does the same .
In Vanna Lava ( Port Patterson ) a man will not even walk behind his mother - in - law along the beach until the rising tide has washed away the trace of her foot - steps .
But they may talk to each other at a certain distance .
It is quite out of the question that he should ever pronounce the name of his mother - in - law , or she his .
17 On the Solomon Islands , beginning with his marriage , a man must neither see nor speak with his mother - in - law .
If he meets her he acts as if he did not know her and runs away as fast as he can in order to hide himself .
18 Among the Zulu Kaffirs custom demands that a man should be ashamed of his mother - in - law and that he should do everything to avoid her company .
He does not enter a hut in which she 17 Frazer , 1 . c. II , p. 76 . is Frazer , 1 . c. II , p. 113 , according to C. Ribbe : " Two Years among the Cannibals of the Solomon Islands , " 1905 .
THE SAVAGE'S DREAD OF INCEST 21 is , and when they meet he or she goes aside , she perhaps hiding behind a bush while he holds his shield before his face .
If they cannot avoid each other and the woman has nothing with which to cover herself , she at least binds a bunch of grass around her head in order to satisfy the ceremon - ial requirements .
Communication between them must either be made through a third person or else they may shout at each other at a consider - able distance if they have some barrier between them as , for instance , the enclosure of a kraal .
Neither may utter the other 's name .
19 Among the Basogas , a negro tribe living in the region of the Nile sources , a man may talk to his mother - in - law only if she is in another room of the house and is not visible to him .
Moreover , this race abominates incest to such an extent as not to let it go unpunished even among domestic animals .
20 Whereas all observers have interpreted the purpose and meaning of the avoidances between near relatives as protective measures against in - cest , different interpretations have been given for those prohibitions which concern the relationship with the mother - in - law .
It was quite incompre - hensible why all these races should manifest such great fear of temptation on the part of the man i» Frazer , 1 . c. II , p. 385 . 20 Frazer , 1 . c. II , p. 461 . 22 TOTEM AND TABOO for an elderly woman , old enough to be his mother .
21
The same objection was also raised against the conception of Fison who called attention to the fact that certain marriage class systems show a gap in that they make marriage between a man and his mother - in - law theoretically not impossi- ble and that a special guarantee was therefore necessary to guard against this possibility .
Sir J. Lubbock , in his book " The Origin of Civilization , " traces back the behavior of the mother - in - law toward the son - in - law to the former " marriage by capture . "
" As long as the capture of women actually took place , the in- dignation of the parents was probably serious enough .
When nothing but symbols of this form of marriage survived , the indignation of the parents was also symbolized and this custom continued after its origin had been forgotten . "
Crawley has found it easy to show how little this tentative explanation agrees with the details of actual observation .
E. B . Tylor thinks that the treatment of the son - in - law on the part of the mother - in - law is nothing more than a form of " cutting " on the part of the woman 's family .
The man counts as a stranger , and this continues until the first child is born .
But even if no account is taken of cases 21 V. Crawley : " The Mystic Rose , " London , 1902 , p. 405 .
THE SAVAGE'S DREAD OF INCEST 23 in which this last condition does not remove the prohibition , this explanation is subject to the ob- jection that it does not throw any light on the custom dealing with the relation between mother - in - law and son - in - law , thus overlooking the sex - ual factor , and that it does not take into account the almost sacred loathing which finds expres- sion in the laws of avoidance .
22 A Zulu woman who was asked about the basis for this prohibition showed great delicacy of feel - ing in her answer :
" It is not right that he should see the breasts which nursed his wife . "
23
It is known that also among civilized races the relation of son - in - law and mother - in - law belongs to one of the most difficult sides of family organ- ization .
Although laws of avoidance no longer exist in the society of the white races of Europe and America , much quarreling and displeasure would often be avoided if they did exist and did not have to be reestablished by individuals .
Many a European will see an act of high wis- dom in the laws of avoidance which savage races have established to preclude any understanding between two persons who have become so closely related .
There is hardly any doubt that there is something in the psychological situation of 22 Crawley , 1 . c. p. 407 . 23 Crawley , I. c. p. 401 , according to Leslie : " Among the Zulus and Amatongas , " 1875 .
24 TOTEM AND TABOO mother - in - law and son - in - law which furthers hos- tilities between them and renders living together difficult .
The fact that the witticisms of civil - ized races show such a preference for this very - mother - in - law theme seems to me to point to the fact that the emotional relations between mother - in - law and son - in - law are controlled by components which stand in sharp contrast to each other .
I mean that the relation is really " ambi - valent , " that is , it is composed of conflicting feel - ings of tenderness and hostility .
A certain part of these feelings is evident .
The mother - in - law is unwilling to give up the possession of her daughter ; she distrusts the stranger to whom her daughter has been deliv- ered , and shows a tendency to maintain the dom- inating position , to which she became accustomed at home .
On the part of the man , there is the determination not to subject himself any longer to any foreign will , his jealousy of all persons who preceded him in the possession of his wife 's tenderness , and , last but not least , his aversion to being disturbed in his illusion of sexual over - valuation .
As a rule such a disturbance eman- ates for the most part from his mother - in - law who reminds him of her daughter through so many common traits but who lacks all the charm of youth , such as beauty and that psychic spon- taneity which makes his wife precious to him .
THE SAVAGE'S DREAD OF INCEST 25
The knowledge of hidden psychic feelings which psychoanalytic investigation of individuals has given us , makes it possible to add other mo- tives to the above .
Where the psychosexual needs of the woman are to be satisfied in marriage and family life , there is always the danger of dis - satisfaction through the premature termination of the conjugal relation , and the monotony in the wife 's emotional life .
The ageing mother pro- tects herself against this by living through the lives of her children by identifying herself with them and making their emotional experiences her own .
Parents are said to remain young with their children , and this is , in fact , one of the most valuable psychic benefits which parents derive from their children .
Childlessness thus elimin- ates one of the best means to endure the neces - sary resignation imposed upon the individual through marriage .
This emotional identifica- tion with the daughter may easily go so far with the mother that she also falls in love with the man her daughter loves , which leads , in extreme cases , to severe forms of neurotic ailments on account of the violent psychic resistance against this emo- tional predisposition .
At all events the tendency to such infatuation is very frequent with the mother - in - law , and either this infatuation itself or the tendency opposed to it joins the conflict of contending forces in the psyche of the mother - 26 TOTEM AND TABOO in - law .
Very often it is just this harsh and sad - istic component of the love emotion which is turned against the son - in - law in order better to suppress the forbidden tender feelings .
The relation of the husband to his mother - in- law is complicated through similar feelings which , however , spring from other sources .
The path of object selection has normally led him to his love object through the image of his mother and perhaps of his sister ; in consequence of the incest barriers his preference for these two beloved per- sons of his childhood has been deflected and he is then able to find their image in strange objects .
He now sees the mother - in - law taking the place of his own mother and of his sister 's mother , and there develops a tendency to return to the primi- tive selection , against which everything in him re- sists .
His incest dread demands that he should not be reminded of the genealogy of his love selection ; the actuality of his mother - in - law , whom he had not known all his life like his mother so that her picture can be preserved unchanged in his unconscious , facilitates this rejection .
An added mixture of irritability and animosity in his feelings leads us to suspect that the mother - in- law actually represents an incest temptation for the son - in - law , just as it not infrequently hap - pens that a man falls in love with his subsequent THE SAVAGE'S DREAD OF INCEST 27 mother - in - law before his inclination is trans - ferred to her daughter .
I see no objection to the assumption that it is just this incestuous factor of the relationship which motivates the avoidance between son- and mother - in - law among savages .
Among the ex- planations for the " avoidances " which these primitive races observe so strictly , we would therefore give preference to the opinion origin- ally expressed by Fison , who sees nothing in these regulations but a protection against possible in - cest .
This would also hold good for all the other avoidances between those related by blood or by marriage .
There is only one difference , namely , in the first case the incest is direct , so that the purpose of the prevention might be con- scious ; in the other case , which includes the mother - in - law relation , the incest would be a phantasy temptation brought about by unconsci- ous intermediary links .
We have had little opportunity in this exposi- tion to show that the facts of folk psychology can be seen in a new light through the application of the psychoanalytic point of view , for the in - cest dread of savages has long been known as such , and is in need of no further interpreta- tion .
What we can add to the further apprecia- tion of incest dread is the statement that it is a 28 TOTEM AND TABOO subtle infantile trait and is in striking agreement with the psychic life of the neurotic .
Psycho- analysis has taught us that the first object selec - tion of the boy is of an incestuous nature and that it is directed to the forbidden objects , the mother and the sister ; psychoanalysis has taught us also the methods through which the maturing indi- vidual frees himself from these incestuous at - tractions .
The neurotic , however , regularly presents to us a piece of psychic infantilism ; he has either not been able to free himself from the childlike conditions of psychosexuality , or else he has returned to them ( inhibited development and regression ) .
Hence the incestuous fixations of the libido still play or again are playing the main role in his unconscious psychic life .
We have gone so far as to declare that the relation to the parents instigated by incestuous longings , is the central complex of the neurosis .
This discovery of the significance of incest for the neurosis nat - urally meets with the most general incredulity on the part of the grown - up , normal man ; a similar rejection will also meet the researches of Otto Rank , which show in even larger scope to what extent the incest theme stands in the center of poetical interest and how it forms the material of poetry in countless variations and distortions .
We are forced to believe that such a rejection is above all the product of man 's deep aversion THE SAVAGE'S DREAD OF INCEST 29 to his former incest wishes which have since suc- cumbed to repression .
It is therefore of im - portance to us to be able to show that man 's in - cest wishes , which later are destined to become unconscious , are still felt to be dangerous by sav- age races who consider them worthy of the most severe defensive measures .
CHAPTER II TABOO AND THE AMBIVALENCE OF EMOTIONS Taboo is a Polynesian word , the translation of which provides difficulties for us because we no longer possess the idea which it connotes .
It was still current with the ancient Romans : their word " sacer " was the same as the taboo of the Polynesians .
The " ayo ? " of the Greeks and the " Kodaush " of the Hebrews must also have sig - nified the same thing which the Polynesians ex- press through their word taboo and what many races in America , Africa ( Madagascar ) , North and Central Asia express through analogous designations .
For us the meaning of taboo branches off into two opposite directions .
On the one hand it means to us sacred , consecrated : but on the other hand it means , uncanny , dangerous , forbidden , and unclean .
The opposite for taboo is desig - nated in Polynesian by the word noa and sig - nifies something ordinary and generally accessi- ble .
Thus something like the concept of re- serve inheres in taboo ; taboo expresses itself es- sentially in prohibitions and restrictions .
Our 30 THE AMBIVALENCE OF EMOTIONS 31 combination of " holy dread " would often ex- press the meaning of taboo .
The taboo restrictions are different from re- ligious or moral prohibitions .
They are not traced to a commandment of a god but really they themselves impose their own prohibitions ; they are differentiated from moral prohibitions by failing to be included in a system which declares abstinences in general to be necessary and gives reasons for this necessity .
The taboo prohibi- tions lack all justification and are of unknown origin .
Though incomprehensible to us they are taken as a matter of course by those who are un- der their dominance .
Wundt 1 calls taboo the oldest unwritten code of law of humanity .
It is generally assumed that taboo is older than the gods and goes back to the pre-religious age .
As we are in need of an impartial presentation of the subject of taboo before subjecting it to psychoanalytic consideration I shall now cite an excerpt from the article " Taboo " in the En- cyclopedia Britannica written by the anthro- pologist Northcote W. Thomas , 2 " Properly speaking taboo includes only a ) the sacred ( or unclean ) character oL persons or i Volkerpsychologie , II Band , " Mythus und Religion , " 1906 , II p. 308 .
2 Eleventh Edition , this article also gives the most important references .
32 TOTEM AND TABOO things , b ) the kind of prohibition which results from this character , and c ) the sanctity ( or un- cleanliness ) which results from a violation of the prohibition .
The converse of taboo in Polynesia is ' noa ' and allied forms which mean ' general ' or ' common ' . . .
' Various classes of taboo in the wider sense may be distinguished : 1 . natural or direct , the result of ' mana ' ( mysterious power ) inherent in a person or thing ; 2 . communicated or indirect , equally the result of ' mana ' but ( a ) acquired or ( b ) imposed by a priest , chief or other person ; 3 . intermediate , where both factors are present , as in the appropriation of a wife to her husband .
The term taboo is also applied to ritual prohibi- tions of a different nature ; but its use in these senses is better avoided .
It might be argued that the term should be extended to embrace cases in which the sanction of the prohibition is the creation of a god or spirit , i.e. , to religious interdictions as distinguished from magical , but there is neither automatic action nor contagion in such a case , and a better term for it is religious interdiction .
" The objects of taboo are many : 1 . direct taboos aim at ( a ) protection of important per- sons — chiefs , priests , etc. — and things against harm ; ( b ) safeguarding of the weak — women , children and common people generally — from the / THE AMBIVALENCE OF EMOTIONS 33 powerful mana ( magical influence ) of chiefs and priests ; ( c ) providing against the dangers in - curred by handling or coming in contact with corpses , by eating certain food , etc. ; ( d ) guard - ing the chief acts of life — births , initiation , mar - riage and sexual functions — against interference ; ( e ) securing human beings against the wrath or power of gods and spirits ; 3 ( f ) securing unborn infants and young children , who stand in a spe- cially sympathetic relation with their parents , from the consequence of certain actions , and more especially from the communication of qualities supposed to be derived from certain foods .
2 . Taboos are imposed in order to secure against thieves the property of an individual , his fields , tools , etc . "
Other parts of the article may be summarized as follows .
Originally the punishment for the violation of a taboo was probably left to an inner , automatic arrangement .
The violated taboo avenged itself .
Wherever the taboo was related to ideas of gods and demons an auto- matic punishment was expected from the power of the godhead .
In other cases , probably as a result of a further development of the idea , so - ciety took over the punishment of the offender , whose action has endangered his companions .
a
This application of the taboo can be omitted as not originally belonging in this connection .
34 TOTEM AND TABOO
Thus man 's first systems of punishment are also connected with taboo .
" The violation of a taboo makes the offender himself taboo . "
The author goes on to say that certain dangers resulting from the violation of a taboo may be exercised through acts of pen- ance and ceremonies of purification .
A peculiar power inherent in persons and ghosts , which can be transmitted from them to inanimate objects is regarded as the source of the taboo .
This part of the article reads as fol - lows : " Persons or things which are regarded as taboo may be compared to objects charged with electricity ; they are the seat of tremendous power which is transmissible by contact , and may be liberated with destructive effect if the organisms which provoke its discharge are too weak to re- sist it ; the result of a violation of a taboo de- pends partly on the strength of the magical in - fluence inherent in the taboo object or person , partly on the strength of the opposing mana of the violator of the taboo .
Thus , kings and chiefs are possessed of great power , and it is death for their subjects to address them directly ; but a minister or other person of greater mana than common , can approach them unharmed , and can in turn be approached by their inferiors without risk .
. . .
So , too , indirect taboos depend for their strength on the mana of him who opposes THE AMBIVALENCE OF EMOTIONS 35 them ; if it is a chief or a priest , they are more powerful than those imposed by a common per- son . "
The fact that a taboo is transmissible has surely given rise to the effort of removing it through expiatory ceremonies .
The author states that there are permanent and temporary taboos .
The former comprise priest and chiefs as well as the dead and every - thing that has belonged to them .
Temporary taboos attach themselves to certain conditions such as menstruation and child - bed , the status of the warrior before and after the expedition , the activities of fishing and of the chase , and similar activities .
A general taboo may also be imposed upon a large district like an ecclesias - tical interdict , and may then last for years .
If I judge my readers ' impressions correctly I dare say that after hearing all that was said about taboo they are far from knowing what to understand by it and where to store it in their minds .
This is surelv due to the insufficient in - formation I have given and to the omission of all discussions concerning the relation of taboo to superstition , to belief in the soul , and to re- ligion .
On the other hand , I fear that a more detailed description of what is known about taboo would be still more confusing ; I can therefore assure the reader that the state of affairs is really 36 TOTEM AND TABOO far from clear .
We may say , however , that we deal with a series of restrictions which these primitive races impose upon themselves ; this and that is forbidden without any apparent reason ; nor does it occur to them to question this matter , for they subject themselves to these restrictions as a matter of course and are convinced that any transgression will be punished automatically in the most severe manner .
There are reliable re- ports that innocent transgressions of such pro- hibitions have actually been punished automatic - ally .
For instance , the innocent offender who had eaten from a forbidden animal became deeply depressed , expected his death and then actually died .
The prohibitions mostly concern matters which are capable of enjoyment such as freedom of movement and unrestrained intercourse ; in some cases they appear very ingenious , evidently representing abstinences and renunciations ; in other cases their content is quite incomprehen - sible , they seem to concern themselves with trifles and give the impression of ceremonials .
Some - thing like a theory seems to underlie all these prohibitions , it seems as if these prohibitions are necessary because some persons and objects possess a dangerous power which is transmitted by contact with the object so charged , almost like a contagion .
The quantity of this dangerous property is also taken into consideration .
Some THE AMBIVALENCE OF EMOTIONS 37 persons or things have more of it than others and the danger is precisely in accordance with the charge .
The most peculiar part of it is that any one who has violated such a prohibition assumes the nature of the forbidden object as if he had absorbed the whole dangerous charge .
This power is inherent in all persons who are more or less prominent , such as kings , priests and the newly born , in all exceptional physical states such as menstruation , puberty and birth , in everything sinister like illness and death and in everything connected with these conditions by virtue of con- tagion or dissemination .
However , the term " taboo " includes all per- sons localities , objects and temporary conditions which are carriers or sources of this mysterious attribute .
The prohibition derived from this at - tribute is also designated as taboo , and lastly taboo , in the literal sense , includes everything that is sacred , above the ordinary , and at the same time dangerous , unclean and mysterious .
Both this word and the system corresponding to it express a fragment of psychic life which really is not comprehensible to us .
And indeed it would seem that no understanding of it could be possible without entering into the study of the belief in spirits and demons which is so charac - teristic of these low grades of culture .
Now why should we take any interest at all in 38 TOTEM AND TABOO the riddle of taboo ?
Not only , I think , because every psychological problem is well worth the effort of investigation for its own sake , but for other reasons as well .
It may be surmised that the taboo of Polynesian savages is after all not so remote from us as we were at first inclined to believe ; the moral and customary prohibitions which we ourselves obey may have some essen - tial relation to this primitive taboo the explana - tion of which may in the end throw light upon the dark origin of our own " categorical impera- tive . "
We are therefore inclined to listen with keen expectations when an investigator like W. Wundt gives his interpretation of taboo , espe- cially as he promises to " go back to the very roots of the taboo concepts . "
4
Wundt states that the idea of taboo " includes all customs which express dread of particular ob - jects connected with cultic ideas or of actions hav- ing reference to them . "
5
On another occasion he says : " In accordance with the general sense of the word we under - stand by taboo every prohibition laid down in customs or manners or in expressly formulated laws , not to touch an object or to take it for one 's own use , or to make use of certain proscribed 4 Volkerpsychologie , Vol. II , Religion und My thus , p. 300 .
5 1 . c. p. 237 . THE AMBIVALENCE OF EMOTIONS 39 words . ... "
Accordingly there would not be a single race or stage of culture which had es- caped the injurious effects of taboo .
Wundt then shows why he finds it more prac- tical to study the nature of taboo in the primi- tive states of Australian savages rather than in the higher culture of the Polynesian races .
In the case of the Australians he divides taboo pro- hibitions into three classes according as they con- cern animals , persons or other objects .
The ani- mal taboo , which consists essentially of the taboo against killing and eating , forms the nucleus of Totemism .
6
The taboo of the second class , which has human beings for its object , is of an essentially different nature .
To begin with it is restricted to conditions which bring about an unusual situation in life for the person tabooed .
Thus young men at the feast of initiation , women during menstruation and immediately after de- livery , newly born children , the diseased and es- pecially the dead , are all taboo .
The constantly used property of any person , such as his clothes , tools and weapons , is permanently taboo for everybody else .
In Australia the new name which a youth receives at his initiation into man- hood becomes part of his most personal property , it is taboo and must be kept secret .
The taboos of the third class , which apply to trees , plants , 6 Comp .
Chapter I. 40 TOTEM AND TABOO houses and localities , are more variable and seem only to follow the rule that anything which for any reason arouses dread or is mysterious , be- comes subject to taboo .
Wundt himself has to acknowledge that the changes which taboo undergoes in the richer cul- ture of the Polynesians and in the Malayan Archipelago are not very profound .
The greater social differentiation of these races mani- fests itself in the fact that chiefs , kings and priests exercise an especially effective taboo and are themselves exposed to the strongest taboo compulsion .
But the real sources of taboo lie deeper than in the interests of the privileged classes : " They begin where the most primitive and at the same time the most enduring human impulses have their origin , namely , in the fear of the effect of demonic powers . "
7 " The taboo , which origin- ally was nothing more than the objectified fear of the demonic power thought to be concealed in the tabooed object , forbids the irritation of this power and demands the placation of the demon whenever the taboo has been knowingly or unknowingly violated . "
The taboo then gradually became an autonom - ous power which has detached itself from demon- ism .
It becomes the compulsion of custom and 7 L c. p. 307 .
THE AMBIVALENCE OF EMOTIONS 41 tradition and finally of the law .
" But the com - mandment concealed behind taboo prohibitions which differ materially according to place and time , had originally the meaning : Beware of the wrath of the demons . "
Wundt therefore teaches that taboo is the ex- pression and evolution of the belief of primi- tive races in demonic powers , and that later taboo has dissociated itself from this origin and has remained a power simply because it was one by virtue of a kind of a psychic persistence and in this manner it became the root of our customs and laws .
As little as one can object to the first part of this statement I feel , however , that I am only voicing the impression of many of my read - ers if I call Wundt 's explanation disappointing .
Wundt 's explanation is far from going back to the sources of taboo concepts or to their deepest roots .
For neither fear nor demons can be ac- cepted in psychology as finalities defying any further deduction .
It would be different if demons really existed ; but we know that , like gods , they are only the product of the psychic powers of man ; they have been created from and out of something .
Wundt also expresses a number of important though not altogether clear opinions about the double meaning of taboo .
According to him the division between sacred and unclean does not yet 42 TOTEM AND TABOO exist in the first primitive stages of taboo .
For this reason these conceptions entirely lack the significance which they could only acquire later on when they came to be contrasted .
The ani- mal , person , or place on which there is a taboo is demonic , that is , not sacred and therefore not yet , in the later sense , unclean .
The expression taboo is particularly suitable for this undifferen - tiated and intermediate meaning of the demonic , in the sense of something which may not be touched , since it emphasizes a characteristic which finally adheres both to what is sacred and to the unclean , namely , the dread of contact .
But the fact that this important characteristic is permanently held in common points to the exist - ence of an original agreement here between these two spheres which gave way to a differentia- tion only as the result of further conditions through which both finally developed into op - posites .
The belief associated with the original taboo , according to which a demonic power concealed in the object avenges the touching of it or its for - bidden use by bewitching the offender was still an entirely objectified fear .
This had not yet separated into the two forms which it assumed at a more developed stage , namely , awe and aver- sion .
How did this separation come about ?
Ac- THE AMBIVALENCE OF EMOTIONS 43 cording to Wundt , this was done through the transference of taboo prohibitions from the sphere of demons to that of theistic conceptions .
The antithesis of sacred and unclean coincides with the succession of two mythological stages the first of which did not entirely disappear when the second was reached but continued in a state of greatly lowered esteem which gradually turned into contempt .
It is a general law in mythology that a preceding stage , just because it has been overcome and pushed back by a higher stage , maintains itself next to it in a debased form so that the objects of its veneration become objects of aversion .
8
Wundt 's further elucidations refer to the re- lation of taboo to lustration and sacrifice .
He who approaches the problem of taboo from the field of psychoanalysis , which is concerned with the study of the unconscious part of the individual 's psychic life , needs but a moment 's reflection to realize that these phenomena are by no means foreign to him .
He knows people who have individually created such taboo prohibi- tions for themselves , which they follow as strictly as savages observe the taboos common to their tribe or society .
If he were not accustomed to s 1 . c. p. 313 . 44 TOTEM AND TABOO call these individuals " compulsion neurotics " he would find the term " taboo disease " quite ap- propriate for their malady .
Psychoanalytic in - vestigation has taught him the clinical etiology and the essential part of the psychological mechanism of this compulsion disease , so that he cannot resist applying what he has learnt there to explain corresponding manifestations in folk psychology .
There is one warning to which we shall have to give heed in making this attempt .
The similar - ity between taboo and compulsion disease may be purely superficial , holding good only for the manifestations of both without extending into their deeper characteristics .
Nature loves to use identical forms in the most widely different biological connections , as , for instance , for coral stems and plants and even for certain crystals or for the formation of certain chemical precipi- tates .
It would certainly be both premature and unprofitable to base conclusions relating to in - ner relationships upon the correspondence of merely mechanical conditions .
We shall bear this warning in mind without , however , giving up our intended comparison on account of the pos- sibility of such confusions .
The first and most striking correspondence be - tween the compulsion prohibitions of neurotics and taboo lies in the fact that the origin of these THE AMBIVALENCE OF EMOTIONS 45 prohibitions is just as unmotivated and enigma- tic .
They have appeared at some time or other and must now be retained on account of an un- conquerable anxiety .
An external threat of punishment is superfluous , because an inner cer- tainty ( a conscience ) exists that violation will be followed by unbearable disaster .
The very most that compulsion patients can tell us is the vague premonition that some person of their environment will suffer harm if they should vio- late the prohibition .
Of what the harm is to consist is not known , and this inadequate in - formation is more likely f o be obtained during the later discussions of the expiatory and defensive actions than when the prohibitions themselves are being discussed .
As in the case of taboo the nucleus of the neu- rotic prohibition is the act of touching , whence we derive the name touching phobia , or delire de toucher .
The prohibition extends not only to direct contact with the body but also to the fig- urative use of the phrase as " to come into con- tact , " or " be in touch with some one or some - thing . "
Anything that leads the thoughts to what is prohibited and thus calls forth mental contact is just as much prohibited as immediate bodily contact ; this same extension is also found in taboo .
Some prohibitions are easily understood from 46 TOTEM AND TABOO their purpose but others strike us as incompre - hensible , foolish and senseless .
We designate such commands as " ceremonials " and we find that taboo customs show the same variations .
Obsessive prohibitions possess an extraordi- nary capacity for displacement ; they make use of almost any form of connection to extend from one object to another and then in turn make this new object " impossible , " as one of my patients aptly puts it .
This impossibility finally lays an embargo upon the whole world .
The compul - sion neurotics act as if the " impossible " persons and things were the carriers of a dangerous con- tagion which is ready to displace itself through contact to all neighboring things .
We have al- ready emphasized the same characteristics of con- tagion and transference in the description of taboo prohibitions .
We also know that any one who has violated a taboo by touching something which is taboo becomes taboo himself , and no one may come into contact with him .
I shall put side by side two examples of trans - ference or , to use a better term , displacement , one from the life of the Maori , and the other from my observation of a woman suffering from a com- pulsion neurosis :
" For a similar reason a Maori chief would not blow on a fire with his mouth ; for his sacred breath would communicate its sanctity to the THE AMBIVALENCE OF EMOTIONS 47 fire , which would pass it on to the meat in the pot , which would pass it on to the man who ate the meat , which was in the pot , which stood on the fire , which was breathed on by the chief ; so that the eater , infected by the chief 's breath con- veyed through these intermediaries , would surely die . "
9
My patient demanded that a utensil which her husband had purchased and brought home should be removed lest it make the place where she lives impossible .
For she has heard that this object was bought in a store which is situated , let us say , in Stag Street .
But as the word stag is the name of a friend now in a distant city , whom she has known in her youth under her maiden name and whom she now finds " impossible , " that is taboo , the object bought in Vienna is just as taboo as this friend with whom she does not want to come into contact .
Compulsion prohibitions , like taboo prohibi- tions , entail the most extraordinary renuncia- tions and restrictions of life , but a part of these can be removed by carrying out certain acts which now also must be done because they have acquired a compulsive character ( obsessive acts ) ; there is no doubt that these acts are in the nature of penances , expiations , defense reactions , and puri- 9 Frazer , " The Golden Bough , " II , " Taboo and the Perils of the Soul , " 1911 , p. 136 . 48 TOTEM AND TABOO fications .
The most common of these obsessive acts is washing with water ( washing obsession ) .
A part of the taboo prohibitions can also be re- placed in this way , that is to say , their violation can be made good through such a " ceremonial , " and here too lustration through water is the pre- ferred way .
Let us now summarize the points in which the correspondence between taboo customs and the symptoms of compulsion neurosis are most clearly manifested : 1 . In the lack of motiva- tion of the commandments , 2 . in their enforce - ment through an inner need , 3 . in their capacity of displacement and in the danger of contagion from what is prohibited , 4 . and in the causation of ceremonial actions and commandments which emanate from the forbidden .
However , psychoanalysis has made us familiar with the clinical history as well as the psychic mechanism of compulsion neurosis .
Thus the history of a typical case of touching phobia reads as follows :
In the very beginning , during the early period of childhood , the person manifested a strong pleasure in touching himself , the object of which was much more specialized than one would be inclined to expect .
Presently the carrying out of this very pleasurable act of touching was opposed by a prohibition from THE AMBIVALENCE OF EMOTIONS 49 without .
10 The prohibition was accepted be - cause it was supported by strong inner forces ; u it proved to be stronger than the impulse which wanted to manifest itself through this act of touching .
But due to the primitive psychic con- stitution of the child this prohibition did not suc- ceed in abolishing the impulse .
Its only suc- cess lay in repressing the impulse ( the pleasure of touching ) and banishing it into the unconscious .
Both the prohibition and the impulse remained ; the impulse because it had only been repressed and not abolished , the prohibition , because if it had ceased the impulse would have broken through into consciousness and would have been carried out .
An unsolved situation , a psychic fixation , had thus been created and now every - thing else emanated from the continued conflict between prohibition and impulse .
The main characteristic of the psychic con- stellation which has thus undergone fixation lies in what one might call the ambivalent behavior 12 of the individual to the object , or rather to an action regarding it .
The individual constantly wants to carry out this action ( the act of touch - ing ) , he sees in it the highest pleasure , but he 10 Both the pleasure and the prohibition referred to touching one 's own genitals .
11 The relation to beloved persons who impose the prohibition .
12
To use an excellent term coined by Bleuler , 50 TOTEM AND TABOO may not carry it out , and he even abominates it .
The opposition between these two streams can - not be easily adjusted because — there is no other way to express it — they are so localized in the psychic life that they cannot meet .
The pro- hibition becomes fully conscious , while the sur - viving pleasure of touching remains unconscious , the person knowing nothing about it .
If this psychological factor did not exist the ambival - ence could neither maintain itself so long nor lead to such subsequent manifestations .
In the clinical history of the case we have em- phasized the appearance of the prohibition in early childhood as the determining factor ; but for the further elaboration of the neurosis this role is played by the repression which appears at this age .
On account of the repression which has taken place , which is connected with forgetting ( amnesia ) , the motivation of the prohibition that has become conscious remains unknown , and all attempts to unravel it intellectually must fail , as the point of attack can not be found .
The pro- hibition owes its strength — its compulsive char - acter — to its association with its unknown coun- terpart , the hidden and unabated pleasure , that is to say , to an inner need into which conscious in - sight is lacking .
The transferability and repro- ductive power of the prohibition reflect a process which harmonizes with the unconscious pleasure THE AMBIVALENCE OF EMOTIONS 51 and is very much facilitated through the psy - chological determinants of the unconscious .
The pleasure of the impulse constantly undergoes dis- placement in order to escape the blocking which it encounters and seeks to acquire surrogates for the forbidden in the form of substitutive objects and actions .
For the same reason the prohibi- tion also wanders and spreads to the new aims of the proscribed impulse .
Every new advance of the repressed libido is answered by the prohibi- tion with a new severity .
The mutual inhibi- tion of these two contending forces creates a need for discharge and for lessening the existing tension , in which we may recognize the motivation for the compulsive acts .
In the neurosis there are distinctly acts of compromise which on the one hand may be regarded as proofs of remorse and efforts to expiate and similar actions ; but on the other hand they are at the same time substitutive actions which recompense the impulse for what has been forbidden .
It is a law of neurotic dis - eases that these obsessive acts serve the impulse more and more and come nearer and nearer to the original forbidden act .
We may now make the attempt to study taboo as if it were of the same nature as the compulsive prohibitions of our patients .
It must naturally be clearly understood that many of the taboo pro- hibitions which we shall study are already second - U^ - f7 ^ 52 TOTEM AND TABOO ary , displaced and distorted , so that we shall have to be satisfied if we can shed some light upon the earliest and most important taboo prohibitions .
We must also remember that the differences in the situation of the savage and of the neurotic may be important enough to exclude complete correspondence and prevent a point by point transfer from one to the other such as would be possible if we were dealing with exact copies .
First of all it must be said that it is useless to question savages as to the real motivation of their prohibitions or as to the genesis of taboo .
Ac- cording to our assumption they must be incapable of telling us anything about it since this motiva- tion is " unconscious " to them .
But following the model of the compulsive prohibition we shall con- struct the history of taboo as follows :
Taboos are very ancient prohibitions which at one time were forced upon a generation of primitive people from without , that is , they probably were forcibly impressed upon them by an earlier gen- eration .
These prohibitions concerned actions for which there existed a strong desire .
The pro- hibitions maintained themselves from generation to generation , perhaps only as the result of a tra- dition set up by paternal and social authority .
But in later generations they have perhaps al- ready become " organized " as a piece of inherited psychic property .
Whether there are such THE AMBIVALENCE OF EMOTIONS 53 " innate ideas " or whether these have brought about the fixation of the taboo by themselves or by cooperating with education no one could de- cide in the particular case in question .
The per- sistence of taboo teaches , however , one thing , namely , that the original pleasure to do the for - bidden still continues among taboo races .
They therefore assume an ambivalent attitude toward their taboo prohibitions ; in their unconscious they would like nothing better than to transgress them but they are also afraid to do it ; they are afraid just because they would like to transgress , and the fear is stronger than the pleasure .
But in every individual of the race the desire for it is unconscious , just as in the neurotic .
The oldest and most important taboo prohi- bitions are the two basic laws of totemism : namely not to kill the totem animal and to avoid sexual ( intercourse with totem companions of the other sex .
It would therefore seem that these must have been the oldest and strongest desires of mankind .
We cannot understand this and therefore we can - not use these examples to test our assumptions as long as the meaning and the origin of the totemic system is so wholly unknown to us .
But the very wording of these taboos and the fact that they occur together will remind any one who knows the results of the psychoanalytic investigation of in - 54 TOTEM AND TABOO dividuals , of something quite definite which psy - choanalysts call the central point of the infantile wish life and the nucleus of the later neurosis .
13
All other varieties of taboo phenomena which have led to the attempted classifications noted above become unified if we sum them up in the following sentence :
The basis of taboo is a for - bidden action for which there exists a strong incli- nation in the unconscious .
We know , without understanding it , that who- ever does what is prohibited and violates the taboo , becomes himself taboo .
But how can we connect this fact with the other , namely that the taboo adheres not only to persons who have done what is prohibited but also to persons who are in exceptional circumstances , to these circumstances themselves , and to impersonal things ?
What can this dangerous attribute be , which always re- mains the same under all these different con- ditions ?
Only one thing , namely , the propensity to arouse the ambivalence of man and to tempt him to violate the prohibition .
An individual who has violated a taboo becomes himself taboo because he has the dangerous prop - erty of tempting others to follow his example .
He arouses envy ; why should he be allowed to do what is prohibited to others ?
He is therefore really contagious , in so far as every example in - l 3 See Chapter IV Totemism , etc. THE AMBIVALENCE OF EMOTIONS 55 cites to imitation , and therefore he himself must be avoided .
But a person may become permanently or tem - porarily taboo without having violated any taboos , for the simple reason that he is in a con- dition which has the property of inciting the for - bidden desires of others and of awakening the ambivalent conflict in them .
Most of the excep - tional positions and conditions have this character and possess this dangerous power .
The king or chieftain rouses envy of his prerogatives ; every - body would perhaps like to be king .
The dead , the newly born , and women when they are in - capacitated , all act as incitements on account of their peculiar helplessness , while the individual who has just reached sexual maturity tempts through the promise of a new pleasure .
There - fore all these persons and all these conditions are taboo , for one must not yield to the temptations which they offer .
Now , too , we understand why the forces inher - ent in the " mana " of various persons can neutral - ize one another so that the mana of one individual can partly cancel that of the other .
The taboo of a king is too strong for his subject because the social difference between them is too great .
But a minister , for example , can become the harmless mediator between them .
Translated from the language of taboo into the language of normal 56 TOTEM AND TABOO psychology this means : the subject who shrinks from the tremendous temptation which contact with the king creates for him can brook the inter - course of an official , whom he does not have to envy so much and whose position perhaps seems attainable to him .
The minister , on his part , can moderate his envy of the king by taking into con- sideration the power that has been granted to him .
Thus smaller differences in the magic power that lead to temptation are less to be feared than ex- ceptionally big differences .
It is equally clear how the violation of certain taboo prohibitions becomes a social danger which must be punished or expiated by all the members of society lest it harm them all .
This danger really exists if we substitute the known impulses for the unconscious desires .
It consists in the possibility of imitation , as a result of which society would soon be dissolved .
If the others did not punish the violation they would perforce become aware that they want to imitate the evil doer .
Though the secret meaning of a taboo prohi- bition cannot possibly be of so special a nature as in the case of a neurosis , we must not be aston - ished to find that touching plays a similar role in taboo prohibition as in the delire de toucher .
To touch is the beginning of every act of possession , THE AMBIVALENCE OF EMOTIONS 57 of every attempt to make use of a person or thing .
We have interpreted the power of contagion which inheres in the taboo as the property of lead - ing into temptation , and of inciting to imitation .
This does not seem to be in accord with the fact that the Contagiousness of the taboo is above all manifested in the transference to objects which thus themselves become carriers of the taboo .
This transferability of the taboo reflects what is found in the neurosis , namely , the constant tendency of the unconscious impulse to become displaced through associative channels upon new objects .
Our attention is thus drawn to the fact that the dangerous magic power of the " mana " corresponds to two real faculties , the capacity of reminding man of his forbidden wishes , and the apparently more important one of tempting him to violate the prohibition in the service of these wishes .
Both functions reunite into one , how - ever , if we assume it to be in accord with a primi- tive psychic life that with the awakening of a memory of a forbidden action there should also be combined the awakening of the tendency to carry out the action .
Memory and temptation then again coincide .
We must also admit that if the example of a person who has violated a prohi- bition leads another to the same action , the dis - obedience of the prohibition has been transmitted 58 TOTEM AND TABOO like a contagion , just as the taboo is transferred from a person to an object , and from this to another .
If the violation of a taboo can be condoned through expiation or penance , which means , of course , a renunciation of a possession or a liberty , we have the proof that the observance of a taboo regulation was itself a renunciation of something really wished for .
The omission of one renuncia- tion is cancelled through a renunciation at some other point .
This would lead us to conclude that , as far as taboo ceremonials are concerned , pen- ance is more primitive than purification .
Let us now summarize what understanding we have gained of taboo through its comparison with the compulsive prohibition of the neurotic .
Taboo is a very primitive prohibition imposed from without ( by an authority ) and directed against the strongest desires of man .
The desire to violate it continues in the unconscious ; per - sons who obey the taboo have an ambivalent feel - ing toward what is affected by the taboo .
The magic power attributed to taboo goes back to its ability to lead man into temptation ; it behaves like a contagion , because the example is con- tagious , and because the prohibited desire be - comes displacing in the unconscious upon some - thing else .
The expiation for the violation of a taboo through a renunciation proves that a renun- THE AMBIVALENCE OF EMOTIONS 59 ciation is at the basis of the observance of the taboo .
We may ask what we have gained from the comparison of taboo with compulsion neurosis and what value can be claimed for the interpre - tation we have given on the basis of this compari- son ?
Our interpretation is evidently of no value unless it offers an advantage not to be had in any other way and unless it affords a better un - derstanding of taboo than was otherwise possible .
We might claim that we have already given proof of its usefulness in what has been said above ; but we shall have to try to strengthen our proof by continuing the explanation of taboo prohibitions and customs in detail .
But we can avail ourselves of another method .
We can shape our investigation so as to ascertain whether a part of the assumptions which we have transferred from the neurosis to the taboo , or the conclusions at which we have thereby arrived can be demonstrated directly in the phenomena of taboo , We must decide , however , what we want to look for .
The assertion concerning the gene - sis of taboo , namely , that it was derived from a primitive prohibition which was once imposed from without , cannot , of course , be proved .
We shall therefore seek to confirm those psycholog - 60 TOTEM AND TABOO ical conditions for taboo with which we have become acquainted in the case of compulsion neu- rosis .
How did we gain our knowledge of these psychological factors in the case of neurosis ?
Through the analytical study of the symptoms , especially the compulsive actions , the defense re- actions and the obsessive commands .
These mechanisms gave every indication of having been derived from ambivalent impulses or tendencies , they either represented simultaneously the wish and counter - wish or they served preponderantly one of the two contrary tendencies .
If we should now succeed in showing that ambivalence , i. e. , the sway of contrary tendencies , exists also in the case of taboo regulations or if we should find among the taboo mechanisms some which like neurotic obsessions give simultaneous expression to both currents , we would have established what is practically the most important point in the psychological correspondence between taboo and compulsion neurosis .
We have already mentioned that the two fun- damental taboo prohibitions are inaccessible to our analysis because they belong to totemism ; an- other part of the taboo rules is of secondary origin and cannot be used for our purpose .
For among these races taboo has become the general form of law giving and has helped to promote social ten - THE AMBIVALENCE OF EMOTIONS 61 dencies which are certainly younger than taboo itself , as for instance , the taboos imposed by chiefs and priests to insure their property and privileges .
But there still remains a large group of laws which we may undertake to investigate .
Among these I lay stress on those taboos which are attached a ) to enemies , b ) to chiefs , and c ) to the dead ; the material for our investigation is taken from the excellent collection of J. G. Frazer in his great work , " The Golden Bough . " 14 a ) the treatment of enemies Inclined as we may have been to ascribe to savage and semi-savage races uninhibited and re- morseless cruelty towards their enemies , it is of great interest to us to learn that with them , too , the killing of a person compels the observation of a series of rules which are associated with taboo customs .
These rules are easily brought under four groups ; they demand 1 . reconciliation with the slain enemy , 2 . restrictions , 3 . acts of expia- tion , and purifications of the manslayer , and 4 . certain ceremonial rites .
The incomplete reports do not allow us to decide with certainty how gen- eral or how isolated such taboo customs may be i*
Third Edition , Part II , " Taboo and the Perils of the Soul , " 1911 .
62 TOTEM AND TABOO among these races , but this is a matter of indiffer - ence as far as our interest in these occurrences is concerned .
Still , it may be assumed that we are dealing with widespread customs and not with isolated peculiarities .
The reconciliation customs practiced on the island of Timor , after a victorious band of war - riors has returned with the severed heads of the vanquished enemy , are especially significant be - cause the leader of the expedition is subject to heavy additional restrictions .
" At the solemn entry of the victors , sacrifices are made to con- ciliate the souls of the enemy ; otherwise one would have to expect harm to come to the vic- tors .
A dance is given and a song is sung in which the slain enemy is mourned and his for - giveness is implored : ' Be not angry , ' they say , ' because your head is here with us ; had we been less lucky , our heads might have been exposed in your village .
We have offered the sacrifice to appease you .
Your spirit may now rest and leave us at peace .
Why were you our enemy ?
Would it not have been better that we should re- main friends ?
Then your blood would not have been spilt and your head would not have been cut off . ' " 15 Similar customs are found among the Palu in Celebes ; the Gallas sacrifice to the spirits of their is Frazer , 1 . c. p. 166 , THE AMBIVALENCE OF EMOTIONS 63 dead enemies before they return to their home villages .
36 Other races have found methods of making friends , guardians and protectors out of their for - mer enemies after they are dead .
This consists in the tender treatment of the severed heads , of which many wild tribes of Borneo boast .
When the See -Dayaks of Sarawak bring home a head from a war expedition , they treat it for months with the greatest kindness and courtesy and ad- dress it with the most endearing names in their language .
The best morsels from their meals are put into its mouth , together with titbits and cigars .
The dead enemy is repeatedly entreated to hate his former friends and to bestow his love upon his new hosts because he has now become one of them .
It would be a great mistake to think that any derision is attached to this treat - ment , horrible though it may seem to us .
17 Observers have been struck by the mourning for the enemy after he is slain and scalped , among several of the wild tribes of North America .
When a Choctaw had killed an enemy he began a month 's mourning during which he submitted himself to serious restrictions .
The Dakota In- dians mourned in the same way .
One authority 16 Paulitschke , " Ethnography of Northeast Africa . " i^Frazer , " Adonis , Attis , Osiris , " p. 248 , 1907 .
According to Hugh Low , Sarawak , London , 1848 .
64 TOTEM AND TABOO mentions that the Osaga Indians after mourning for their own dead mourned for their foes as if they had been friends .
18 * Before proceeding to the other classes of taboo customs for the treatment of enemies , we must define our position in regard to a pertinent objec- tion .
Both Frazer as well as other authorities may well be quoted against us to show that the motive for these rules of reconciliation is quite simple and has nothing to do with " ambivalence . "
These races are dominated by a superstitious fear of the spirits of the slain , a fear which was also familiar to classical antiquity , and which the great British dramatist brought upon the stage in the hallucinations of Macbeth and Richard the Third .
From this superstition all the reconcilia - tion rules as well as the restrictions and expia - tions which we shall discuss later can be logically deduced ; moreover , the ceremonies included in the fourth group also argue for this interpreta - tion , since the only explanation of which they admit is the effort to drive away the spirits of the slain which pursue the manslayers .
19 Besides , the savages themselves directly admit their fear of the spirits of their slain foes and trace back the taboo customs under discussion to this fear .
is J. O. Dorsay , see Frazer , " Toboo , etc. , " p. 181. 19 Frazer , " Taboo , " p. 166 to 174 .
These ceremonies consist of hitting shields , shouting , bellowing and making noises with various instruments , etc. THE AMBIVALENCE OF EMOTIONS 65
This objection is certainly pertinent and if it were adequate as well we would gladly spare our - selves the trouble of our attempt to find a further explanation .
We postpone the consideration of this objection until later and for the present merely contrast it to the interpretation derived from our previous discussion of taboo .
All these rules of taboo lead us to conclude that other im - pulses besides those that are merely hostile find expression in the behavior towards enemies .
We see in them manifestations of repentance , of re- gard for the enemy , and of a bad conscience for having slain him .
It seems that the com- mandment , Thou shalt not slay , which could not be violated without punishment , existed also among these savages , long before any legislation was received from the hands of a god .
We now return to the remaining classes of taboo rules .
The restrictions laid upon the vic- torious manslayer are unusually frequent and are mostly of a serious nature .
In Timor ( com - pare the reconciliation customs mentioned above ) the leader of the expedition cannot return to his house under any circumstances .
A special hut is erected for him in which he spends two months engaged in the observance of various rules of purification .
During this period he may not see his wife or nourish himself ; another person must 66 TOTEM AND TABOO ' put his food into his mouth .
20 Among some Dayak tribes warriors returning from a success - ful expedition must remain sequestered for sev- eral days and abstain from certain foods ; they may not touch iron and must remain away from their wives .
In Logea , an island near New ; Guinea , men who have killed an enemy or have taken part in the killing , lock themselves up in their houses for a week .
They avoid every inter- course with their wives and friends , they do not touch their victuals with their hands and live on nothing but vegetable foods which are cooked for them in special dishes .
As a reason for this last restriction it is alleged that they must smell the blood of the slain , otherwise they would sicken and die .
Among the Toaripi - or Motumotu - tribes in New Guinea a manslayer must not ap- proach his wife and must not touch his food with his fingers .
A second person must feed him with special food .
This continues until the next new moon .
I avoid the complete enumeration of all the cases of restrictions of the victorious slayer men- tioned by Frazer , and emphasize only such cases in which the character of taboo is especially no- ticeable or where the restriction appears in con- 20 Frazer , " Taboo , " p. 166 , according to S. Mueller , " Reisen en Onderzoekingen in den Indischen Archipel , " Amsterdam , 1857 .
THE AMBIVALENCE OF EMOTIONS 67 nection with expiation , purification and cere - monial .
Among the Monumbos in German New Guinea a man who has killed an enemy in combat becomes " unclean , " the same word being em- ployed which is applied to women during men- struation or confinement .
For a considerable period he is not allowed to leave the men's club - house , while the inhabitants of his village gather about him and celebrate his victory with songs and dances .
He must not touch any one , not even his wife and children ; if he did so they would be afflicted with boils .
He finally becomes clean through washing and other ceremonies .
Among the Natchez in North America young warriors who had procured their first scalp were bound for six months to the observance of certain renunciations .
They were not allowed to sleep with their wives or to eat meat , and received only fish and maize pudding as nourishment .
When a Choctaw had killed and scalped an enemy he began a period of mourning for one month , dur - ing which h
„ Wir befinden uns in einer Krise bei den Menschenrechten , und das schon lange .
Logitech steht aufseiten der Schwarzen Community und setzt sich für sie ein , um positive Veränderungen zu bewirken . “
GUILIN , China 
The crowd - pleasing Year of the Tiger , which begins Sunday , could be a lousy year for the estimated 3,200 tigers that still roam the world ’s diminishing forests .
With as few as 20 in the wild in China , the country ’s tigers are a few gun blasts away from extinction , and in India poachers are making quick work of the tiger population , the world ’s largest .
The number there , around 1,400 , is about half that of a decade ago and a fraction of the 100,000 that roamed the subcontinent in the early 20th century .
Shrinking habitat remains a daunting challenge , but conservationists say the biggest threat to Asia ’s largest predator is the Chinese appetite for tiger parts .
Despite a government ban on the trade since 1993 , there is a robust market for tiger bones , traditionally prized for their healing and aphrodisiac qualities , and tiger skins , which have become cherished trophies among China ’s nouveau riche .
With pelts selling for $ 20,000 and a single paw worth as much as $ 1,000 , the value of a dead tiger has never been higher , say those who investigate the trade .
Last month the Indian government announced a surge in killings of tigers by poachers , with 88 found dead in 2009 , double the previous year .
Because figures are based on carcasses found on reserves or tiger parts seized at border crossings , conservationists say the true number is far higher .
The upcoming Streak from Dell , we all know it as the Mini 5 , has a few services from Amazon preinstalled .
One of which is a Kindle app .
Amazon ’s MP3 store is expected since that ’s already on several Android devices .
On a promo picture for the Streak is has “ Kindle Book Reader Applications ” listed as well as a few other apps .
Could Dell ’s Streak usher in Amazon ’s digital book reader to Android ?
There ’s already a Kindle app for Apple ’s iPhone and Research in Motion ’s BlackBerry platforms for mobile e-book reading .
Android could join them with it ’s own Kindle app very soon .
There will be no monthly fees for this , you can possibly download books in 60 seconds and there ’s over 300,000 of the most popular books , magazines and blogs available .
[ via androidcommunity ]
By : ELAD BENARI
Published : April 8th 2010 April 8th 2010
Anat Kam Pic : Channel 2 News
in News
The gag order which prevented the Israeli media from reporting about the Anat Kam affair was lifted on Thursday and the local media outlets have begun reporting on the issue extensively .
It has now been revealed that Kam had stolen documents while she served as an IDF soldier in the office of Yair Naveh , then Central Command Chief .
All in all she stole more than 2,000 documents , 700 of which were classified as secret or top secret .
Allegedly , Kam subsequently leaked the documents to Haaretz newspaper .
She is now being accused of a number of serious offences , including leaking secret information without authorization in an attempt to compromise the State 's security and possession of classified information .
These offences are considered espionage and are punishable with a maximum sentence of life imprisonment .
Haaretzreporter Uri Blau wrote a series of articles beginning in November 2008 discussing the assassinations of Palestinians by the IDF .
Blau wrote that the army decided to ignore High Court rulings in regards to assassinations of Palestinians and that assassinations were carried out even in cases where wanted terror suspects could have been arrested .
Blau ’s reports were allegedly based on the documents that Kam had leaked to him .
An investigation revealed that Kam allegedly transferred all or some of the material she stole to Blau in September or October of 2008 .
Blau handed the Shin Bet some 50 documents that he had received from Kam but it is believed that Kam transferred all the stolen documents to him .
As was reported earlier this week , Blau has since fled Israel to London .
Kam herself was indicted on January 14 , following an investigation by the Shin Bet and the IDF , and was placed under house arrest pending trial .
Yoaz Yitzhak , Editor - in - Chief of News1 , provided an analysis of the story in an article on the website .
He pointed out that Kam originally tried to transfer the documents to Yediot Aharonot , but that did not go through .
After she gave the information to Blau she got a job as a reporter for Walla ! , a website which is owned by Haaretz , which can even be seen as a bribe .
Yitzhak also explained that Blau had an agreement with investigators under which he said that he had no additional documents in his possession , yet a search of his house found a diskette with more top secret documents .
Blau , having understood that he would be suspected of obstruction of justice , fled the country .
Yitzhak added that the gag order continued to be imposed since Blau fled Israel and there was uncertainty whether all the documents were seized .
There was also a concern that the documents might have gone into the wrong hands .
Negotiations were held with Haaretz and Uri Blau regarding obtaining all the documents , yet both Haaretz and Blau demanded that Blau be immune from being arrested and / or prosecuted .
Yitzhak explained that the negotiations failed and this is why the gag order was not removed sooner .
The attorney general 's aide wrote on Thursday that the gag order which was lifted in Israel only today was maintained in order to allow officials to take possession of the stolen documents .
Nutritious Breakfast
We all need food to survive but what type of food we take is important .
Food that we take should be nutritious .
There are many people who skip their breakfast just to keep their weight reduced .
The truth is that breakfast should never be skipped but at the same time it should contain nutritious stuff that will help to maintain a balanced weight .
Making the right choice of food reduce the risk of illness such as heart disease , cancer , diabetes as well as it helps to defend against depression .
Habit of healthy eating improves the health by boosting the energy , sharpening the memory and also stabilizing the mood .
Breakfast seems to be the most neglected meal of the day .
This issue has to be taken into serious consideration while dealing with young children .
The benefits of eating a healthy breakfast can be felt only when it includes plenty of fiber and no fatty foods at all .
Staying energetic the whole day is the outcome of having a healthy breakfast .
Smart choices for breakfast ideas would include fiber grains , non sugar cereals , fruits , low fat milk and yoghurt , whole wheat , oatmeal and fruit smoothies .
As all of us know breakfast starts the day .
Therefore it should contain nutritious food at the same time it should not increase the normal weight of the person .
There are certain nutritious breakfasts that are guaranteed to help take the weight off .
These foods will definitely help to have a balanced weight and at the same time keep you energetic and fresh for the rest of the day .
Such breakfasts can be one among the following :
Cereal and milk :
A bowl of cereal and a glass of milk is a wonderful choice for breakfast .
There are two to three acceptable choices of cereals .
Cereals also can be taken along with certain mix ins including bananas , fresh and dried berries , honey , and also nuts .
Also cereals can be mixed with yogurt and even chocolate milk .
Children are sure to like this breakfast if you let them eat in the bowl they like and ask them their choice of cereal .
Oats :
Here also the choices can be made .
Instant oats that are available now in various packs are really effective .
Oatmeal can be of different flavors like blueberry , strawberry and even peach .
To make the oatmeal more nutritious and tasty it can be topped with yoghurt , apple sauce , fruits and berries , or even with honey .
To make it appetizing to the eyes of children you can also add few colorful sprinkles on the oatmeal .
Eggs :
There can be very few children who do not like egg .
Therefore it can be chosen as the breakfast for all children who like it .
Again the choice can be omelet , scrambled egg or sunny side up .
Eggs can also be served along with sausage , lot of cheeses and cold cuts .
Eggs can also be taken along with bacon , toasts , bagels and English muffins .
This is very easy to make and will keep you full and happy for hours .
Cakes :
There are varieties of pancakes that are available .
Pancakes can be put in the toaster along with maple syrup and viola if you have no enough time to prepare the breakfast .
On other days it can be taken along with batter and fillings .
Other items that can be taken along with pancakes can be chopped apples , can berries , peaches , raisins , and marsh mellows .
It is everybody ’s favorite and it gives old bread a new life .
It takes only few minutes to prepare but it is very yummy and brings a smile on the children ’s face when they see it .
Mix eggs , cinnamon , brown sugar and beat them along with little milk .
Dip the old bread into it and make the toast .
You can also enjoy the delicious toast by trying different breads like French bread , raisin bread , challah bread .
To have a good treat make the French toast with bacon .
Waffles :
Waffles seem to be the most easy and healthy breakfast that most of the busy people wish to have .
If taken along with yoghurt it becomes even more nutritious .
There are also different flavors available so that children do not get bored of eating the same thing .
It can be eaten quickly even on your way to car or at your desk when you work .
Muffins :
This is the breakfast that can be tried on weekends when children are at home .
Baking muffins is really a good project that can be worked with children and they are sure to love the delicious breakfast .
Muffins always have a good taste and therefore it becomes the favorite food of all .
A little honey or jam makes them more perfect .
Smoothies :
Smoothies are yet again very easy and nutritious .
Whatever is available for the season and whatever is available in the refrigerator can go inside the smoothies .
Blend for few seconds and then enjoy the yummy smoothies .
The choices can be bananas , milk , ice cream , orange juice , honey , butter , nuts and all types of berries .
Bagels :
This breakfast is very nutritious and there are many options to personalize it also .
Most of the people enjoy toasted bagels flavored with cream and cheese .
You can also try bagels along with peanut butter and jelly , egg , salad , and salmon .
Pastries :
Breakfast pastry can be taken on rare occasions though not advisable to take quite often .
Though the sugar and fat content are more in pastries they also have protein and carbohydrates .
So Taking pastry on a special day when you are out for picnic or so will make the day even more special .
Always remember to relax and have fun with breakfast .
Never stress about it and sooner it will become the most favorite meal of the day .
Healthy breakfast gives energy to start the day off right .
[ youtube - grhTGQbyMg 425 344 ]
Moreover skipping breakfast will result in over eating at lunch time .
Therefore it is good to have a healthy and yummy breakfast to maintain normal weight and proper health .
Tags : breakfasts , nutritious breakfast , nutritious breakfasts , Weight Loss
Los atacantes lanzaron siete agresiones contra el ej�rcito , incluidos tres bloqueos , informa el general Edgar Luis Villegas
Ciudad de M�xico | Mi�rcoles 31 de marzo de 2010
AP | El Universal
23:02
Florian Schießl , deputy head of Munich 's LiMux project for migrating the city 's public administration to Linux , has , for the first time , explained why migrating the city 's computing landscape to open source software has taken longer than originally planned .
On his blog , the IT expert admits that " We were naïve , " and confesses to a " miscalculation " .
Following approval of the project in 2003 , LiMux was conceived as the sole Linux client , which " fits into every different environment inside the IT units . "
This may have been " theoretically possible " , but , according to Schießl , would have meant failing to unify the existing patchwork of IT applications and essentially continuing to muddle through .
Previously , around 1,000 staff had been maintaining the 15,000 PCs making up the Munich computing landscape in 21 independent IT centres .
There was , according to Schießl , no common directory , no common user management , no common hardware or software management .
There were more than 300 applications in use , many of which did the same job .
On the desktop side , there were 21 different Windows systems with different update levels and security settings .
Consequently , problems were encountered in switching to the new Linux client in accordance with the original plan .
Schießl explains that the process ran smoothly in some departments , but failed to progress in others , because the " technical back end structure hampered or even declined cooperation " .
They found implementation errors in basic server protocols and proprietary tools which were not compatible with any other software - based management solution .
" The lack of open standards for interoperability and the domination of lock - in interfaces was awful , " bemoans the Linux advocate .
He notes that this only becomes apparent when you try to make yourself independent of a single vendor , and stop being a " happy slave " .
In an interview with heise online , Schießl has expounded on some examples of proprietary " digital waste " .
A " classic ActiveX dependence " on Microsoft 's Internet Explorer was found in some areas , even in specialist procedures .
" We had to either make the specialist software independent in consultation with the vendor or select an alternative product . "
Also worthy of mention were Microsoft Office macros , written in Visual Basic and present " in large numbers " .
This dependence was significantly reduced during the switch to OpenOffice by using alternatives such as the in -house , platform - independent WollMux for managing templates , text building blocks and web applications .
The use of a range of file and printing services was also an impediment during the consolidation process .
Samba , with support for the CIFS protocol , is now operating as the standard file server .
After the difficulties with the first wave of migrations , in 2007 the LiMux administrative team agreed on a new strategy .
This involved implementing pilot projects in all departments to convert at least ten percent of existing PCs to the basic LiMux client in order to assess the degree of heterogeneity of the existing organic IT landscape .
The city council decided at the same time to comprehensively reorganise its entire computer infrastructure in line with LiMux ' " Quality over time " motto .
Since the end of last year , test runs have , says Schießl , shown that the Linux client can be fully integrated into these heterogeneous environments .
According to Schießl , the pilot projects have been successfully concluded .
A total of 3,000 computers are running open source software , twice as many as planned under the new initiative .
Converting all computers to the Open Document Format ( ODF ) standard has overcome dependency on a single office software suite .
The team is now getting down to the optimisation phase , aimed at improving efficiency and supporting " digital sustainability " .
Schießl is confident that the remainder of the migration will proceed in a similarly smooth and rapid fashion .
( Stefan Krempl )
See also :
( crve )
1943 : Albert Hofmann accidentally discovers the psychedelic properties of LSD .
Hofmann , a Swiss chemist , was researching the synthesis of a lysergic acid compound , LSD - 25 , when he inadvertently absorbed a bit through his fingertips .
Intrigued by the stimulating effects on his perception , Hofmann decided further exploration was warranted .
Three days later he ingested 250 micrograms of LSD , embarking on the first full - fledged acid trip .
In his autobiography , LSD , My Problem Child , Hofmann remembered his discovery this way :
I was forced to interrupt my work in the laboratory in the middle of the afternoon and proceed home , being affected by a remarkable restlessness , combined with a slight dizziness .
At home I lay down and sank into a not unpleasant intoxicated - like condition , characterized by an extremely stimulated imagination .
In a dreamlike state , with eyes closed ( I found the daylight to be unpleasantly glaring ) , I perceived an uninterrupted stream of fantastic pictures , extraordinary shapes with intense , kaleidoscopic play of colors .
After some two hours this condition faded away .
The experience led Hofmann to begin experimenting with other hallucinogens , and he became an advocate of their use , in the arenas of both psychoanalysis and personal growth .
He was critical of LSD ’s casual use by the counterculture during the '60s .
He referred to the drug as " medicine for the soul " and accused rank amateurs of hijacking it without understanding either its positive or negative effects .
Hofmann was equally critical of what he considered society ’s knee - jerk rejection of a drug that he believed is mostly beneficial and deserving of continued research .
" I think that in human evolution it has never been as necessary to have this substance , LSD , " he said at a symposium in 2006 marking the centennial of his birth .
" It is just a tool to turn us into what we are supposed to be . "
Hofmann died of a heart attack at his home near Basel , Switzerland , in 2008 .
He was 102 .
Source : Various
Photo : Swiss chemist Albert Hofmann , discoverer of the mind - altering drug LSD .
Reto Gisin / AP , Keystone
An earlier version of this article appeared on Wired.com April 16 , 2007 .
See Also :
If you ’re a sports fan , you think of basketball when you see this :
If you ’re like me , you also think of powers of two , binary trees , logarithms , laws of exponents , geometric sequences , geometric series , and Bernoulli trials — in short , the elements of binary numbers , binary code , and binary logic .
I hope you ’re thinking : “ wow — all that math stuff I hated actually has a practical use ! ”
( As of 2011 , the format of the tournament has changed .
Four play - in games , known as the “ First Four , ” determine the last four entrants to the 64 - team field .
My description below applies to the six - round , 64 - team part of the tournament , although the NCAA has renumbered the rounds — the old first round is now the second round , etc . )
Powers of Two
The NCAA Basketball Tournament , depicted in the diagram above , is a 64 - team , single - elimination tournament .
Why 64 teams ?
Because 64 is a power of two .
Powers of two halve into powers of two , which gives the tournament symmetry : all 64 teams play in the first round , and teams that meet in rounds thereafter have won the same number of games .
Powers of two that pop up in the tournament are : the nonnegative powers of two 1 , 2 , 4 , 8 , 16 , 32 , 64 , and 263 , and the negative powers of two 1/2 , 1/4 , 1/8 , 1/16 , 1/32 , 1/64 , and 1/263 .
Binary Trees
A binary tree is a model of things that have binary structure .
The tournament has binary structure because its games are binary ; each has one of two outcomes .
You can see binary trees in the brackets .
Although they are laid out as four separate trees , they are actually part of one big binary tree .
This diagram connects them :
You can see the nested structure in the tree .
It is made up of subtrees , each of which is effectively a power of two sized sub - tournament .
One 64 - team tournament is composed of two 32 - team sub - tournaments , each of which is composed of two 16 - team sub - tournaments , etc .
This symmetry , due to the initial power of two number of teams , makes the tree a perfect binary tree .
A computer scientist would draw the tree like this :
Each circle , called a node , represents a team .
The 64 nodes at the bottom , called leaf nodes , represent the 64 teams selected .
The 63 nodes above that , called internal nodes , represent teams that have won one or more games .
The 63 internal nodes correspond to the 63 games played in the tournament .
Each level of internal nodes represents winners of one round .
Winners advance up the tree until one team remains at the top node , called the root node .
The internal nodes are labeled by level , from round 1 to round 6 .
These represent the status of the tournament after the given round is complete .
I ’ve labeled the leaf nodes round 0 , but they do n’t really represent a round ; the 64 teams get there by selection .
Round 6 marks the end of the tournament — the lone team remaining has won all 6 of its games .
Logarithms
A logarithm is a fancy word for power , or exponent .
You ’re probably familiar with logarithms in base 10 , but you can compute logarithms in any base .
Logarithms in base 2 are useful when dealing with powers of two .
The logarithm in base 2 of a power of two is the exponent corresponding to that power of two .
For example , the logarithm in base 2 of 64 , or log 2 ( 64 ) , is 6 , which means 64 is 26 .
In other words , it takes 6 rounds to halve 64 teams down to 1 .
Laws of Exponents
You can use the laws of exponents to determine how many games are played in any round k :
That is a compact way of expressing the halving of 64 teams k times .
Applying the formula , 2 ( 6 - 3 ) = 23 = 8 games are played in round 3 .
How many games are played in round 6 ?
That ’s easy : 2 ( 6 - 6 ) = 20 = 1 .
Geometric Sequences
A geometric sequence , also known as a geometric progression , is a sequence of numbers that are related by a constant multiple , like sequences of powers of two .
In sequences of powers of two , the multiple is either 2 or 1/ 2 .
For example , in the sequence 1 , 2 , 4 , 8 , 16 , 32 , 64 , each number is double the previous ; in the sequence 64 , 32 , 16 , 8 , 4 , 2 , 1 , each number is half the previous .
Here are sequences of powers of two that arise in the tournament :
64 , 32 , 16 , 8 , 4 , 2 .
The number of teams that play , by round .
.
The number of teams that play , by round .
32 , 16 , 8 , 4 , 2 , 1 .
The number of games played , by round .
Equivalently , it ’s the number of winning teams per round , or the number of losing teams per round .
.
The number of games played , by round .
Equivalently , it ’s the number of winning teams per round , or the number of losing teams per round .
1/2 , 1/4 , 1/8 , 1/16 , 1/32 , 1/64 .
The fraction of teams that remain , by round .
Geometric Series
A series is a sum , and a geometric series is a sum of numbers from a geometric sequence .
The total number of games played in the tournament is a geometric series : 32 + 16 + 8 + 4 + 2 + 1 = 63 .
Writing it in reverse order — 1 + 2 + 4 + 8 + 16 + 32 = 63 — makes it clearer that this notational shortcut applies :
The symbol means sum , and the way you read it is the sum from i = 0 to 5 of 2i is 63 .
In other words , the sum of the first 6 nonnegative powers of two is 63 .
There is a nice formula that gives the sum without any adding :
It says the sum of the first n+1 nonnegative powers of two is one less than the n+2nd nonnegative power of two .
For us , n is 5 , so the sum is 26 – 1 , or 63 .
( There ’s another — some say simpler — way to count the number of games .
Since there are 64 teams , and all but one team loses exactly one game , there must be 63 games .
It works , but I find the geometric series explanation more satisfying . )
The formula might be overkill for a basketball tournament , but it comes in handy in other contexts .
What ’s the largest value that can fit in a 32 - bit binary number ?
The largest value is represented in binary as 32 1 bits , which represents the first 32 nonnegative powers of two .
Applying the formula , we know the sum is 232 – 1 , or 4,294,967,295 .
Games Played Through Round k
There ’s a more general formula to compute the number of games played through any round , not just the last .
Doing it by hand , you ’ll see that the total number of games played through each of the 6 rounds is 32 , 48 , 56 , 60 , 62 , and 63 , respectively .
That ’s 32 , 32 + 16 , 32 + 16 + 8 , 32 + 16 + 8 + 4 , 32 + 16 + 8 + 4 + 2 , and 32 + 16 + 8 + 4 + 2 + 1 . Except for the last one , those series do n’t start at 1 , so the summation formula above does not apply .
That gives me a good excuse to introduce series of negative powers of two .
Look at the sum 32 + 16 , for instance .
That ’s equal to 64 * ( 1/2 + 1/4 ) .
The sum 32 + 16 + 8 + 4 is equal to 64 * ( 1/2 + 1/4 + 1/8 + 1/16 ) .
Those sums all include a series of negative powers of two starting at 2 - 1 , and conveniently , there ’s a formula for them :
( For those of you that care for such things , that represents the value of a binary fraction consisting of k 1s following the radix point — but I digress . )
To use that formula , just plug in your value for round k and then multiply by 64 , the original number of teams .
For example , the number of games played through round 3 is 64 * ( 23 – 1 ) /23 , or 64 * ( 7/8 ) , or 56 .
Bernoulli Trials , Outcomes , and Probability
A Bernoulli trial is an event that has one of two possible random outcomes — flipping a coin is a good example .
Each game can be considered a Bernoulli trial ; either team A wins or team B wins .
From that you can derive the number of different outcomes for the entire tournament .
That is , the number of ways the brackets can be filled out : 9,223,372,036,854,775,808 .
That ’s nine quintillion , two hundred twenty - three quadrillion , three hundred seventy - two trillion , thirty - six billion , eight hundred fifty - four million , seven hundred seventy - five thousand , eight hundred and eight .
Or , if you prefer , 263 .
That ’s a big number , but it ’s arrived at fairly simply .
One way is to notice that there are 63 games with two outcomes each .
By the rules of counting , that ’s 263 .
But there ’s a longer explanation , one I find more intuitive , and it ’s based on the number of outcomes per round .
There are 232 outcomes in round 1 , since there are 32 games ; there are 216 outcomes in round 2 , since there are 16 games ; etc .
But those outcomes are based on only one selection of teams entering that round ; you must account for all possible selections .
You do that by multiplying .
For example , for each of the 232 round 1 outcomes , there are 216 round 2 outcomes .
This means there are 232 * 216 = 2( 32+16 ) = 248 outcomes ( by the laws of exponents ) through round 2 .
Putting all 6 rounds together , you get :
232 * 216 * 28 * 24 * 22 * 21 = 2( 32+16+8+4+2+1 ) = 263 .
( I resisted putting a summation symbol in the exponent 🙂 . )
The Office Pool
If you ’re filling in brackets for your office pool , your odds of guessing all outcomes correctly , in theory , are 1 in 263 .
In reality , your odds are much better than that , because not all teams are evenly matched .
How about the odds of picking just the winner of the tournament ?
Those are about 18 orders of magnitude better , at 1 in 64 .
Again , that ’s theoretical , since it assumes all teams are evenly matched .
What if the lowest numbered seeds were guaranteed to win all their games ?
Well , it would n’t be much of a tournament , because you might as well skip the first four rounds .
The four number one seeds would face each other in the final four , and at that point you ’d have a 1 in 4 chance of picking the winner , and a 1 in 8 chance of filling out the brackets correctly ( 4 round 5 outcomes multiplied by 2 round 6 outcomes ) .
Application to Other Tournaments
The analysis above applies directly to other 64 - competitor tournaments , like the World Golf Championship match play tournament and the Wimbledon doubles tennis tournaments .
The analysis also generalizes to other power of two sized tournaments , like the NCAA National Invitational Tournament ( 32 teams , 31 games , and 5 rounds ) and the Wimbledon singles tennis tournaments ( 128 players , 127 matches , and 7 rounds ) .
( Caution : just because a tournament starts with a power of two number of competitors does n’t mean it has to be laid out symmetrically .
For example , in the 16 - team Big East tournament , there are two rounds of byes before it becomes a symmetric , 8 - team tournament . )
Elements of the above analysis apply to many other single - elimination tournaments , even when they do n’t start with a power of two number of competitors .
The Big Ten Conference Men ’s Basketball Tournament , for example , starts with eleven teams ; it becomes a symmetric 8 - team , 7 game , 3 round tournament after the first round .
Elements of the above analysis also apply to other tournament formats , like the winner ’s bracket in double - elimination tournaments , and the upper bracket in triple - elimination tournaments .
Tournaments in just about every sport have elements of binary .
Honestly , Margaret , if I hear one more old , white guy with an opinion about abortion , his skinny white ass is going to meet my rather large shoe .
It ’s a woman ’s decision to make .
Her body .
Her choice .
Period .
Bart Stupak is an ass .
If he is in our “ big tent ” then our tent is too big .
But if you ask me , the real problem is probably that the “ pup tent ” that greets him each morning is too small .
Abortion has no business being a political game … a sound bite to make the evening news .
It is a medical decision between a woman and her doctor .
If you have a moral dilemma or a religious issue , then do n’t have an abortion .
It really is that simple .
Trust me .
I know .
Abortion is not a dirty word and I am sick and tired of watching holier than thou white men in Congress pretending that they have any concept of what a woman goes through when making such an important decision .
For some women it is a time of great sadness – a pregnancy gone wrong , a wanted child not to be .
For some women it is a time of great relief – a decision to delay parenthood .
It is a deeply , personal decision made for deeply , personal reasons .
And , yes , for some women it is a decision they choose not to make – again for deeply personal reasons .
Bart , if you want to reduce abortions , vote to fully fund family planning and comprehensive sex education .
Otherwise , shut the hell up .
We do n’t care what you think about our wombs .
Women in Michigan should hang a closed sign across their hoo - hoo ’s until Stupak is either voted out of Congress or grows a vagina of his own .
I mean it .
Really .
Health Care Bill : House Passes $ 938 Billion Bill , Sweeping Legislation on Its Way to Become Law Anti-abortion Democrats ' decision to vote " yes " put bill over the top .
WASHINGTON , March 21 , 2010  --
The House of Representatives passed the sweeping health care bill 219 - 212 , securing a significant victory for President Obama , who lobbied hard this week for the controversial legislation .
The vote was certain after the House Democratic leadership finalized a deal this afternoon with anti-abortion Democrats to vote for the Senate - passed health care bill in exchange for an executive order from Obama affirming no federal funding for abortion .
Obama watched the vote in the White House 's Roosevelt Room with Vice President Joe Biden , chief of staff Rahm Emmanuel and some 40 staffers .
When the measure passed , Obama high - fived Emanuel and hugged legislative affairs director Phil Schiliro as everyone in the room burst into applause .
" This is what change looks like , " the president said in a brief speech after the House vote .
" We proved that we are still a people capable of doing big things , " he said .
" We proved that this government -- a government of the people and by the people -- still works for the people .
The House today voted on two separate pieces of legislation .
In addition to the Senate health care bill , lawmakers passed a second , the amendments to that bill made by House members and Obama , by a vote of 220 - 211 .
The bill now goes to the president 's desk to sign , after which it will become law .
Obama is expected to sign the health care bill Tuesday , after which the Senate will debate and vote on the " fixes . "
As the last speaker before the vote , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California said that by passing the bill , Congress would be taking a historic step .
" We will be joining those who established Social Security , Medicare and now , tonight , health care for all Americans , " Pelosi said .
" It is with great pride and great humility that we undertook this great act of patriotism that occurred on the floor of the house , " she added .
Republican opponents of the bill continued to argue against it right up until the vote was counted .
" We have failed to listen to America , " House Minority Leader John Boehner , R - Ohio said .
" Can you say it was done openly , with transparency and accountability -- without backroom deals , struck behind closed doors , hidden from the people ? "
Boehner questioned .
" Hell no , you can 't . "
" Some say we 're making history .
I say we 're breaking history , " Rep. Mike Pence of Indiana said .
What has been an arduous journey for the health care bill is anything but over .
Once the president signs the bill , the Senate has to pass the " fixes " and the fight in that chamber has already begun .
" We should n't do a victory dance ... until the reconciliation bill is signed , " Rep. Anthony Weiner , D - N.Y. , said on MSNBC .
House Democrats , distrustful of their Senate counterparts , wanted iron - clad assurances that the Senate would pass the bill with the " fixes " the House Democrats had proposed , before they themselves voted on it .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , delivered that assurance to House Democrats on Saturday , telling them that 51 senators had signed a letter promising to make " fixes " to the Senate bill that House members want .
The names of those senators were not revealed to the press .
After the House vote , Reid released a statement promising to complete the work on " this historic effort . "
" As the Senate prepares to complete our work on this historic effort , Senate Democrats reaffirm our commitment to reform because we know it 's good for middle - class families , seniors and small businesses in Nevada and all across America , " Reid said .
But Republicans are vowing to get the " fixes " thrown out by using a Senate procedural motion .
Today , Senate Republicans said Democrats would not meet with them and the parliamentarian , a charge that Democratic staffers called " absurd . "
The Senate is expected to take up the bill as soon as Tuesday , which will set in motion a week or longer of floor battles on parliamentary procedures .
If Republicans can get the parliamentarian to agree with them even once , whatever ultimately passes the Senate will have to go back to the House , much to the chagrin of Democratic lawmakers .
Democrats in the House quietly admit that it is very likely they will have to vote again on the reconciliation fixes at some point down the road .
The Congressional Budget Office predicts the bill will cost $ 938 billion and will reduce the federal deficit by $ 142 billion in the first 10 years , which the president has hailed as the " most significant effort to reduce the deficit since the Balanced Budget Act " of the 1990s .
Most Americans would be required to purchase health insurance .
Small businesses and the uninsured would have the option of shopping for coverage in health insurance exchanges , a marketplace in which people would be able to shop for and compare insurance plans .
Those would be implemented in 2014 .
The bill also greatly expands Medicaid and subsidies to the poor .
Insurance companies would not be able to place lifetime caps or deny coverage to patients based on pre-existing conditions .
House Passes Health Care Bill
Obama 's executive order is likely to irk many of his supporters who favor abortion rights , but it gave Democrats the votes they needed to pass the health care bill .
" I 'm pleased to announce that we have an agreement , " Rep. Bart Stupak D - Mich . , said shortly after the White House released a statement regarding the executive order .
" We have assurances from the president and others that he will not rip this up tomorrow . "
Anti-abortion Democrats had been hesitant to commit their support unless a deal was struck , but the executive order guarantees that the House Democratic leadership will have enough votes to pass the health care legislation .
" We 're well past 216 , " Stupak told reporters , referring to the minimum number of votes House Democrats need to pass the bill .
The executive order will provide " additional safeguards to ensure that the status quo is upheld and enforced , " White House Communications Director Dan Pfeiffer said in a statement .
The president 's order is to ensure that current law that restricts federal funding from going toward abortion , known as the Hyde amendment , is maintained .
It will extend those restrictions to the newly created health insurance exchanges .
" It is necessary to establish an adequate enforcement mechanism to ensure that federal funds are not used for abortion services , " the executive order states .
After months of negotiations , closed - door meetings and persuasion by the president , members of the House of Representatives today will vote on the controversial $ 938 billion health care bill .
The path for the health care bill to pass in the House was not easy .
The debate today on the House floor was heated as Republicans assailed Democrats for moving ahead with the health care bill without any bipartisan support .
" My colleagues shame us , " said Rep. Marsha Blackburn , R - Tenn .
" Freedom dies a little bit today .
Unfortunately some are celebrating . "
Rowdy visitors in the House gallery disrupted the session several times .
One protestor yelled " The people do n't want this ! " and was escorted out by security .
Some Republican lawmakers were spotted on the Congressional balconies , cheering on the protestors .
On Capitol Hill and in the halls of Congress , protestors chanted " Kill the bill ! " and confronted lawmakers .
Some hurled racial and homophobic epithets , and one even spit on Rep. Emanuel Cleaver II , D - Mo .
Rep. Barney Frank , D - Mass. , who is openly gay , encountered homophobic comments as he walked through a crowd of protestors Saturday in the halls of Congress .
Even as they move ahead with the health care legislation , Democrats are fully aware of the political ramifications of voting " Yes " for the bill that has furthered the divide not just between Republicans and Democrats , but among the Democratic caucus itself .
Rep. John Larson , D - Conn. , the chairman of the House Democratic Caucus acknowledged on " This Week " that some members of the House could lose their seats as a result of their support for the legislation .
" Every time you have a mid-term election , you risk the chance of losing members , " said Larson , the fourth - ranking Democrat in the House .
" But it is n't about how many members are going to lose their seats .
...
It 's about this moment , it 's about the truth , it 's every reason why you were elected to come and serve in Congress .
ABC News ' Jake Tapper , Dean Norland , Michael S. James , Rachel Martin and David Kerley contributed to this report .
Soccer Player Dies in Brazil After Floor Pierces Abdomen ( Video )
Here ’s a story that will make you wince in pain just thinking about it and shrug off any future minor splinters .
A futsal soccer player died in Brazil after a piece of the court ’s wooden floor pierced his abdomen .
It looked as if the 23 - year old player was fully alert and well as he was being strapped to the gurney , but died of hemorrhagic shock a day after the game .
Making a play on an oncoming forward , Robson Rocha Costa made a slide tackle near the goal line .
Apparently , a piece of the surface hit his thigh and went up into his intestines .
He was immediately rushed to the hospital where he had surgery to fix the problems , but he succumbed to the injuries a day later .
I never understood playing soccer in old gyms , and seeing this story makes me think back to all the times I ill - advisedly slid across a gym ’s surface to make a tackle .
This is a very unfortunate , and bizarre accident , that hopefully schools will use as an example to create awareness for grungy gyms and finding these soccer leagues actual fields or legitimate indoor stadiums with turf .
It ’s unfortunate a life had to be lost for this .
It conjures up bad memories of the luger at the Olympics whose death spurred more serious discussions regarding the safety of the luge courses .
Hat Tip – [ Guardian ]
Share This
A few thoughts on the health care legislation
Tweet
I ’m surprised it passed .
I presume some of the people who were crucial for passage will not be re-elected .
It will be interesting to see .
Either way , this was costly for some of them and I ’d like to understand how their arms were twisted .
Maybe I need to reassess my view of politicians .
I ’m sorry it passed , but there are many consolations .
The current system of health care — a mish - mash of top - down regulation and private attempts to respond to it — is bankrupt , both intellectually and financially .
It is a nominally “ private ” system but the hand of government is the dog , not even the tail that wags the dog .
Given the role of medicare reimbursment , and the tax - advantaging of generous private plans , there is very little room left for the invisible hand .
The simple way to say it is that too little health care is currently paid for out of pocket .
The patient is not the customer .
And the current system is broke .
The generosity of the system cannot be maintained int he face of the aging of the population .
So it ’s not like the status quo is so great .
While I favor a world of patient as customer , there is little public taste for that world .
People like having other people pay for their health care .
They do n’t see that that drives up the price and makes it harder for poor people without insurance to pay for health care .
So it ’s not like the world is heading in my direction anyway .
This step away from my world may make the costs easier to see and encourage people to favor alternatives .
Unlikely .
But again , public opinion while wary of this particular legislation , certainly is n’t interesting in moving toward my ideal .
The status quo is great in that in encourages a lot of innovation that the rest of the world free rides on .
There will be less innovation in the future .
But the truth is that we probably have too much innovation because so much of it is paid for by others .
That ’s nice .
But it ’s really expensive and it ’s part of the reason the system is unsustainable .
The existing legislative promises of Medicare and Social Security are a train wreck that cannot be avoided without radical change .
Expanding coverage just brings the train wreck closer .
It ’s a nice idea but it is unaffordable .
We have taken a step closer to Greece .
We have taken a step closer to national bankruptcy .
I do n’t know whether to laugh or to cry about that part .
Comments
Earth
ID : 3404
Global Rotation Showing Seasonal Landcover and Arctic Sea Ice
In this animation , the globe slowly rotates one full rotation while seasonal land cover and Arctic sea ice vary through time .
The animation begins on September 21 , 2005 when sea ice in the Arctic was at its minimum extent , and continues through September 20 , 2006 .
This time period repeats six times during the animation , playing at a rate of day frame per frame .
Over the terrain , monthly data from the seasonal Blue Marble Next Generation fades slowly from month to month .
Over the water , Arctic sea ice changes from day to day .
Visualization Credits
Personal health recommendations and diets tailored to better prevent diseases may be in our future , just by focusing on genetics .
Researchers at Kansas State University recently published an academic journal article discussing the potential for nutrigenomics , a field that studies the effects of food on gene expression .
The researchers discussed the possibility of using food to prevent an individual 's genes from expressing disease .
The researchers said nutrigenomics could completely change the future of public health and the food and culinary industries .
" Nutrigenomics involves tailoring diets to someone 's genetic makeup , " said Koushik Adhikari , K - State assistant professor of sensory analysis .
" I speculate that in five to 10 years , you would go to a genetic counselor or a physician who could help you understand your genetic makeup , and then a nutritional professional could customize your diet accordingly . "
Adhikari collaborated with Denis Medeiros , professor and department head of human nutrition , and Jean Getz , former K - State graduate student in human nutrition , for an article on nutrigenomics that was published in the January issue of Food Technology .
Getz , now a student at the School of Osteopathic Medicine at Michigan State University , wrote the article while at K - State .
Nutrigenomics is a fast - moving field of research that combines molecular biology , genetics and nutrition to regulate gene expression through specific nutrients .
Nutrients have been shown to affect gene expression through transcription factors , which are biochemical entities that bind to DNA and either promote or inhibit transcription of genes .
By understanding the roles of specific nutrients and how they might cause diseases , scientists could recommend specific foods for an individual based on his or her genetics .
" Scientists are looking at the molecular mechanisms in the body , " Adhikari said .
" At the molecular level , you can look at what specific nutrients can do to your body that would trigger genes to act properly , in a healthy way . "
Medeiros said K - State researchers in human nutrition are doing these kinds of studies .
Some are studying the impact plant chemicals have on different types of cancers in terms of their potential prevention effects .
Other researchers are looking at how wolfberry , a Chinese fruit , could be used to improve vision .
advertisement
" These studies not only answer whether the concerned nutrients prevent a disease , but also how they exert their health benefits , " Medeiros said .
Current health recommendations for people in the United States are general for the overall population .
However , with nutrigenomics research , health recommendations could be better modified to individuals .
" That is where I think the main focus of nutrigenomics is going to be in the future , " Adhikari said .
" It could tell you that you have the propensity for certain chronic diseases so that you could modify your diet accordingly .
With a better understanding of how nutrients alter gene expression , there is a potential that food could be used instead of medication to combat problems like high cholesterol . "
Adhikari said this kind of personalized health care is in the near future since the human genome has been mapped .
Now scientists are focusing on identifying single - nucleotide polymorphisms , which are a small change in a person 's DNA sequence like sensitivity to bitterness .
Polymorphisms could determine if a person has a propensity for different chronic diseases .
At K - State , Adhikari and Mark Haub , associate professor of human nutrition , are leading a study of the genotypes of diabetic and non-diabetic individuals to determine if there is a link between the risk for type - 2 diabetes and bitter - taste sensitivity .
Nutrigenomics would require a collaborative effort from people in genetics and the industries of public health , food science and culinary .
Adhikari said more options should be available so that consumers can make the healthiest choice .
He said the food industry should collaborate with the culinary industry to create more healthful and appealing foods .
" This is one of the major issues with the food industry , " he said .
" It 's very easy to make good - tasting food .
Put some lard or butter in it , and it 's going to taste good .
The challenge is how to take the fat out and create healthful but also good - tasting food . "
Consumer education also will be an important factor for the future of nutrigenomics and public health .
Adhikari said consumers are often skeptical of genetically modified foods , where scientists modify a food 's DNA by splicing and adding genes .
However , this practice is different from nutrigenomics , which focuses on using foods ' natural components to promote better health .
The researchers said a shift in public health is greatly needed , and with an increasing incidence of obesity and chronic diseases such as types 2 diabetes , nutrigenomics might prove to be the panacea in the future .
The beasts had long lain extinct and forgotten , embedded deep in the frozen turf , bodies swaddled in Earth ’s layers for thousands of years before Christ .
Now , the Russian permafrost is offering up the bones and tusks of the woolly mammoths that once lumbered over the tundra .
They are shaped into picture frames , chess sets , pendants .
They are gathered and piled , carved and whittled , bought and sold on the Internet .
The once - obscure scientists who specialize in the wastelands of Siberia have opened lucrative sidelines as bone hunters , spending the summer months trawling the northern river banks and working networks of locals to gather stockpiles of bones .
They speak of their work proudly , and a little mystically .
“ You need to have luck to find bones , ” said Fyodor Romanenko , a geologist at Moscow State University .
“ I do n’t look for bones .
I find them .
They find me .
“ Every find gives you a huge joy , ” he said .
“ It ’s a gift from nature , from the Arctic , from fate . ”
The mammoth finds have been growing steadily over the last three decades as Russia ’s vast sea of permafrost slowly thaws .
Russian scientists disagree over whether global warming is responsible .
Some say yes , others are skeptical .
But nobody argues that the permafrost is dwindling -- and they ’re glad to have the bones and tusks , especially when the increased yields coincide with bans on elephant ivory .
Hand - to - mouth reindeer herders on Russia ’s desolate tundra have coexisted with the traces of mammoths for generations .
Romanenko claims that there are cases of long - frozen mammoth meat being thawed and cooked , or fed to the dogs .
Now entire villages are surviving on the trade in mammoth bones .
And a new verb has entered the vernacular : mamontit , or “ to mammoth ” -- meaning , to go out in search of bones .
“ People used to just come across bones and throw them aside or take them to the garbage , because they were not interested in them , ” said Gennady Tatarinov , who oversees a reindeer farm in Anyuisk , a frigid village 4,000 miles northeast of Moscow .
“ But now there ’s a big demand , ” Tatarinov said .
“ And of course there ’s a lot of competition , and people who make it their main trade . ”
Many of the populated areas have been picked clean , driving scavengers deeper and deeper into the wilderness in the hunt for bones .
The smoothest bones go to collectors and museums around the world ; the less perfect samples are shipped to carving factories , especially in China , where they are refashioned into high - end household items and keepsakes .
The price has dropped sharply in recent months .
The global financial crisis coincided with a massive sell - off of elephant ivory in Africa to gut the price of mammoth bones :
The cost for a kilogram ( 2.2 pounds ) of high - quality bone plunged from $ 700 to $ 220 .
Still , 50 tons of mammoth bone are turned up every year in Russia -- and the number keeps growing .
“ It ’s the highest it ’s ever been , ” said Fyodor Shidlovsky , head of the National Alliance , a network of search groups , coastal exploration bases , restoration workrooms and carving shops .
Shidlovsky recently asked the government to recognize him as a small - business owner .
“ They refused , ” he says , smirking .
“ They said , ‘ Your business is not small . ’ ”
Shidlovsky has long been infected with a passion for Russia ’s great white north .
Every year since 1979 , he has ventured to Siberia from June until deep into the fall , gathering bones and wading through the paperwork needed to ship them to Moscow .
He spends the rest of the year in Moscow , presiding over a kitschy Ice Age museum and peddling his finds in hopes of financing the next year ’s expedition .
He lounged behind his desk in the museum office on a recent morning .
Outside his door , schoolchildren climbed onto a platform and gawked down into a hole at the “ mammoth in a pit , ” the re-creation of a woolly mammoth snared in a trap by ancient man .
The wild - haired creature ’s head rears below them , tusks high , plastic eyes panicked .
The creature ’s trunk is wired to flail sorrowfully .
At the other end of a showroom of elaborately carved chess sets , Shidlovsky pointed to a massive , wall - mounted television screen and pressed “ play ” on a remote control .
Suddenly there were images of Shidlovsky trawling the summer - thawed rivers of Siberia in a motorboat to pry bones from the exposed banks .
Workers wrapped the relics in plastic bags , loaded them onto pickups and sent them off to the airport .
“ Once or twice a year I buy material from the local population , and indulge in enlightening them on how to preserve and what to look for and what not , ” Shidlovsky said .
“ I give some lectures at schools .
And it brought results . ”
In truth , this trade is not entirely novel .
Man has been hunting mammoths in Russia ’s icy north as far as memory reaches .
The permafrost holds bones that bear workmanship from the Stone Age -- which scientists in Siberia sometimes call the “ bone age ” in homage to the many weapons and tools hacked from mammoth bones .
Wealthy Chinese imported the bones in the 1st century , and when the first Russians arrived in the far reaches of Siberia in the 17th century , they traded bones along with furs .
“ It used to be when we found bones we ’d donate them to museums for displays and samples , ” Romanenko said .
“ Now we register them , get the carbon date and either give them as gifts or . . . . ” He paused .
“ They make good souvenirs , ” he said finally , shrugged , and smiled sheepishly .
“ Mammoths are considered a national treasure of Russia . ”
megan.stack@latimes.com
EDIT : To clarify , because people do n’t seem to get it .
I experienced silent data corruption , both on 1.3.3 , a development version , and 1.4.0. 64 - bit .
Can you guys please accept that MongoDB ate my data now ?
Thanks .
For a bit of introduction , last year I enrolled in the Machine Learning course of the University College London , and it is now time for me to start my MSc project .
The topic is analysis of social networks , so I have to get a large amount of data from a well - known website and analyse it .
To this end , I wrote a small script to use the site ’s API to retrieve the data ( after getting the necessary permission and everything ) , and store it in a SQLite database .
As you may know , SQLite is sufficiently fantastic , but I thought this would be a good chance to learn something new and read up about NoSQL databases .
Initially , I tried CouchDB , but I discovered it to be a bad fit for the purposes I needed it ( it ’s not really practical to run ad - hoc , single - use queries on it , as that takes a long time , so it ’s not the DB to use when you do n’t know what you want to do with your data ) .
The good people in #couchdb suggested that I might want to use MongoDB instead , and I installed it .
At first , I was ecstatic .
I did n’t need to declare schemas any more , which was great for my ever - changing data .
I could just store whatever I wanted and run the simple queries I needed , and everything was very fast .
I was really excited about it and decided to use MongoDB for my next project , whatever that may be .
After gathering some data , however , I hit my first snag .
I queried for items where “ realname ” existed and got back all the fields for which realname did n’t exist !
I hurried back to #mongodb to ask , and the developers confirmed this was a bug .
“ No big deal ” , I thought , “ bugs are bound to happen , especially in a project this new . ”
I looked at the version , and it was 1.3.3 .
“ Oh well , no matter , it appears older than I thought but bugs are bugs ” .
I thought nothing of it , rebuilt my indexes and the problem went away .
A few days later , I go back to check on my script , and notice that , although the script was spidering data , the document count in the database kept shrinking .
“ What the hell did I do ? ” , I thought , and promptly stopped it .
I ran some tests and discovered that , whenever I updated a document , the document was deleted with no trace whatsoever .
I rushed back in the IRC channel and gave some code to reproduce the behaviour , where I was nonchalantly informed that it “ looks like [ I ] hit a bug ” .
Gee , thanks , I lost four days ’ worth of data because I “ hit a bug ” .
Very helpful .
The suggestion was to upgrade to 1.4.0 , because “ 1.3.3 is n’t very stable anyway ” .
I have no idea why it ’s past version 1 or why it ’s marked as “ stable ” on the site …
I decided to cut my losses , upgraded the DB and the problem went away , so I ran the script again , got more data , and then noticed that the document count stopped going up again .
Cursing the moment I ever decided to use MongoDB , I went to see what ’s going on .
After a few tests and having data mysteriously get lost , I restarted the DB to see if that ’ll fix anything , at which point MongoDB refused to let me connect because “ I had reached the data limit for the 32 - bit build ” .
Seriously ?
Seriously ?
MongoDB dies after about 500,000 documents , silently corrupting my data , not issuing any warnings and then refusing to let me even read it ?
I ’ve never seen such broken behaviour in any other piece of software I ’ve used .
I went back to the channel , seething ( I ca n’t imagine the guys in there were very happy with providing free support to an angry person , but they were helpful nonetheless ) , and detailed my predicament .
Obviously , the solution would be to reformat my server and install a 64 - bit OS if I wanted to have more than 500k documents in the database .
My palms having left an indentation in my face , I decided to move back to SQLite or postgres , which consider anything below millions of rows trivial .
Asking what I could do so I can read my data ( short of reformatting ) , the devs told me to delete a file and rebuild the database , which would probably let me access the data ( minus some that were in that file ) .
I did that , and was able to query and count , and saw that all my documents were there .
I then asked if it was fine or if I was going to find corruption when I tried to read it , and they suggested I do db.repairDatabase ( ) to rebuild everything .
No sooner said than done , I ran the command and left it for a few hours to run .
At some point I lost my SSH connection to the server but thought that it would probably keep running or , at least , leave the database in some half - consistent state so I could rerun the query .
That ’s exactly what it did , but it also deleted 90 % of my data , which I could n’t recover .
In summary , I would not let MongoDB near my children , let alone run it on a production environment ( or even a testing one ) .
It ’s a great piece of software when it works , but that ’s not very often .
A database that does n’t really store data is very , very dangerous .
EDIT : As readers have pointed out , 1.3.x was a development branch ( odd- numbered minor revisions are development ) , but that ’s the first I heard of that .
I did n’t see it mentioned on the site or in the IRC channel , sadly .
If I had , I would have used 1.2 ( but it would n’t have made any difference with the 32 - bit issue , in the end ) .
Ergonomic products designed to improve your sleep , work and sitting comfort .
Our mattress pads & lifts , specialty pillows & cushions will help you rest better tonight .
Protect yourself from work - place injury with our ergonomic keyboards , mice , chair cushions , backpacks & braces for all body parts .
Shop now and feel better !
Note :
We ship Bauerfeind and all other products only to customers in the continental USA .
Click on a product category to start shopping !
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
BMW Sauber has a real chance of becoming a thorn in the side of Formula 1's ' big four ' teams this year because its car is so good at looking after its tyres , Bridgestone analysis has revealed .
With the Swiss - outfit 's C29 having already shown some strong pace in pre-season testing , the team 's hopes of delivering some surprise results are boosted by the fact that early data reveals it suffers less tyre degradation than Ferrari , McLaren , Red Bull Racing and Mercedes GP .
That ability to look after its tyre could prove crucial on two fronts this season - by first of all allowing the team to use a softer tyre than its rivals in Q3 , but also in delivering it greater consistency over the course of a race when there will be a premium on looking after the rubber now that refuelling is banned .
Hirohide Hamashima , Bridgestone 's director of motorsport tyre development , says there is little separating the big four teams in terms of tyre degradation - but Sauber is a different case .
" We have compared many teams ' data and looking at the quick [ four ] teams - their degradation tendency is very , very similar , " he told AUTOSPORT .
" Once they have the 150kg start weight , with both the medium and soft compound , then there is little difference - so we could expect a very close pace .
However , Sauber is more consistent . "
Although this weekend 's race is Bahrain will not be too punishing on the tyre front , Hamashima believes the difference between Sauber and the other teams is enough to offer the outfit strategy options that others do not have .
When asked if there was a chance for Sauber to opt for more marginal tyres than their rivals to help boost qualifying performance , Hamashima said : " Yes , it is possible .
" With an easy car , you can have the possibility to do that .
Somewhere like Barcelona will be very interesting - because the circuit is severe and the softer tyre may only be good to get one lap time before suffering big degradation in the race .
" But even places like Monaco and Bahrain , which are very , very easy on tyres , the specification that shows the best lap time should be the best race tyre - which could make it interesting as well . "
BMW Sauber 's technical chief Willy Rampf acknowledged that the C29's tyre performance was one of its main strengths .
" The car does n't have any stability problems , and its performance and balance on high fuel loads is a strong point , " he told AUTOSPORT in an interview .
" We will build on this - it 's a very good thing .
Our car is not too heavy on its tyres , so we can do reasonable long stints without killing them .
" That will help keep the strategies more flexible , if you 're not forced to stop by tyre wear . "
Hamashima also believed that the competitiveness at the front of the field had closed up in the final pre-season test at Barcelona , as McLaren and Red Bull Racing delivered car improvements .
" At the first three tests , Ferrari it seemed had a little bit of an advantage over one lap .
However , in Barcelona , McLaren and Red Bull used their latest cars and the picture was very mixed .
It 's now very difficult to judge . "
We 're not creating such a system in Washington .
We 're creating something far more limited and compromised , expensive and wasteful .
The healthcare bill now in play in Congress may constitute a tremendous step forward , or a tiny one , or a public bailout of the sickness industry that will do more harm than good .
The bill includes some good measures but empowers profiteers who are crafting most of the details and whose stocks rise every time passage appears possible .
One good measure that is no longer included was the so - called public option , which -- in its final form -- was to be controlled by privately determined rates and reach fewer than 5 percent of Americans , according to the President , or less than that , according to the Congressional Budget Office .
With that fight now lost , should the more progressive members of Congress simply vote for a bill that may do more harm than good , and allow the pattern of ignoring progressive demands to be more firmly established ?
What if there were something far less controversial than the public option that could bring healthcare to far more people ?
And what if this something had already passed in committee and been unceremoniously stripped out of the bill without a fight ?
Would it be worth a winnable fight right now to put this measure back in ?
When the first state passes single - payer healthcare , none of the other 49 states will lose anything they 've gained through Congress .
But the lucky state whose legislature tries to do something more wo n't see any immediate benefit , because the insurance companies will sue .
And there are federal laws that may allow such suits to prevail and deny states the right to provide their residents with healthcare .
Last July the House Committee on Education and Labor voted 25 to 19 , with bipartisan support , to pass an amendment proposed by Congressman Dennis Kucinich to waive federal restrictions and allow states to provide healthcare if they choose .
Nothing in any other versions of the healthcare bill from other committees conflicted with this language , but it was quietly removed nonetheless .
( House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said the White House told her to remove it . )
And the Senate bill added language forbidding state healthcare solutions through 2017 , and not - despite what the President told Kucinich - including the waivers that had been in Kucinich 's amendment .
Republicans can be expected to vote
No on any healthcare bill , no matter how limited or corrupt .
But these 14 Democrats voted yes in committee on the Kucinich Amendment :
Dennis J. Kucinich ( OH - 10 ) phone ( 202)225-5871 , fax ( 202)225-5745 , Email .
Facebook .
Twitter .
Donald M. Payne ( NJ - 10 ) phone ( 202)225-3436 , fax ( 202)225-4160 , Email .
Email for constituents .
Robert C. Scott ( VA - 03 ) phone ( 202)225-8351 , fax ( 202)225-8354 , Email .
Email for constituents .
Lynn C. Woolsey ( CA - 06 ) phone ( 202)225-5161 , fax ( 202)225-5163 , Email for constituents .
Twitter .
Raúl M. Grijalva ( AZ - 07 ) phone ( 202)225-2435 , fax ( 202)225-1541 , Email .
Email for constituents .
Twitter .
CPC Email for Woolsey and Grijalva : Email form .
Email : progressive@mail.house.gov .
John F. Tierney ( MA - 06 ) phone ( 202)225-8020 , fax ( 202)225-5915 , Email .
Facebook .
David Wu ( OR - 01 ) phone ( 202)225-0855 , fax ( 202)225-9497 , Email .
Email : david@wuforcongress.com .
Email for constituents .
Rush D. Holt ( NJ - 12 ) phone ( 202)225-5801 , fax ( 202)225-6025 , Email .
Email : mail@RushHolt.com .
Email for constituents .
Facebook .
Dave Loebsack ( IA - 02 ) phone ( 202)225-6576 , fax ( 202)226-0757 , Email .
Facebook .
Yvette Clarke ( NY - 11 ) phone ( 202)225-6231 , fax ( 202)226-0112 , Email : clarkeforcongress@gmail.com .
Email for constituents .
Carol Shea - Porter ( NH - 01 ) phone ( 202)225-5456 , fax ( 202)225-5822 , Email .
Marcia Fudge ( OH - 11 ) phone ( 202)225-7032 , fax ( 202)225-1339 , Facebook .
Jared Polis ( CO - 2 ) phone ( 202)225-2161 , fax ( 202)226-7840 , Email for constituents .
Facebook .
Twitter .
Legislative Director Rosalyn Kumar .
Paul Tonko ( NY - 21 ) phone ( 202)225-5076 , fax ( 202)225-5077 , Email for constituents .
Facebook .
Twitter .
Their work was rudely ignored .
If they could be moved to withhold their support for a healthcare bill until it reinstates the missing amendment , progressives would find a voice and a lever of power , and the campaign for healthcare reform would be energized in those areas where it has a chance of truly transformational change , namely in the states .
Contact these 14 congress members with the phone numbers and website forms above .
What we are asking for :
Please oppose the health insurance reform bill unless the amendment you voted for and passed in committee last July 17th is reinstated , permitting states to enact healthcare reforms if they choose to .
Tweetable version :
Please oppose hcr bill unless amendment you passed on July 17th is reinstated permitting states to enact hcr reforms .
More information :
http://afterdowningstreet.org/...
Automatically Generated :
This result set should be accurate to within fifteen minutes of the last viewing .
Awareness
If C++ is a language you like , or are interested in , please inform your fellow members of the C++ community ; this page can't be emptied without your and their participation .
Not implemented [ edit ]
These are currently not implemented in C ++.
Please implement some if you can .
If any tasks are not possible or too complex in C++ , they should not be on this list .
To mark a task as such , add {{omit from | C++}} , preserving the capitalization of the language , to that task .
It will appear below under the " Not Considered " section .
Draft tasks without implementation [ edit ]
These tasks are drafts , meaning they largely need more work to turn them into full tasks .
Perhaps you can help by trying to implement them in C++ ( after all , one of the key requirements for a task being non-draft is multiple implementations , preferably in widely different languages ) but be aware that this may be difficult because of lack of definition of the task itself .
Requiring Attention [ edit ]
Examples [ edit ]
These tasks have implementations in C++ , but somebody , somewhere , decided that the example implementation was faulty or in some other way requiring attention .
If you 're familiar with the task and language , please consider reviewing / correcting the example and removing the notice .
No pages found .
Other pages [ edit ]
These are other pages related to C++ which require attention ; with your knowledge and assistance , we can improve the quality of the site 's content .
Not Considered [ edit ]
These tasks are not generally counted toward " unimplemented " , as somebody , somewhere , decided that C++ was inappropriate for these tasks , or implementations of them would be unenlightening .
Feel free to try your hand at them anyway .
End of List [ edit ]
Again , feel free to try your hand at any of the tasks listed on this page .
St. Augustine Prep athletics ready to get back to work , but Oct. 2 opener still doubtful
Yes , folks , it was " CODE RED !!! "
" On the verge of ramming their version of health care reform through Congress ! "
" Bending the legislative rules and subverting the will of the people ! "
" Stop the liberals from a radical government takeover of healthcare ! "
" CODE RED ! MUST ACT NOW ! "
But , when you went to the Michigan GOP and Jackson GOP website , there was strangely no mention of the protest to be found .
Perhaps that has something to do with the fact that when the protesters arrived at Rep.
Schauer 's office in Jackson , Michigan , this is what greeted them :
Health ins. reform supporters in front of Rep. Schauer 's office
Health ins. reform supporters outnumber protesters across the street
Health insurance reform supporters outnumber protesters on the other corner .
By 4:30 , the official starting time , all four corners of the intersection were filled with sign - waving , chanting supporters of Mark Schauer and health insurance reform who over - whelmed the handful of protesters who came to stake out their position that it 's perfectly fine that we have tens of millions of uninsured Americans in this country .
The crowd got pretty big !
[ click for a larger version ]
But we still outnumbered them at least 5 - to - 1 ! [ click for a larger version ]
At one point one of the cheerleaders shouted , " Do we want health care for our children ? " " NO ! " , shouted one of the protesters .
Seriously ?
You 're reduced to fighting against health insurance for children ?
Good luck with that at the polls , my friends .
Some of the protesters were , of course , very loud and intrusive .
This gentleman , caught in a rare moment when spittle was n't flying into the face of the supporter he was shouting at , ironically sported a hat with a Canada flag on the back .
Note Scott Brown sign .
I guess you take your victories where you can get them , even if it's in a state several hundred miles away ...
Protester shouts at a Schauer supporter
Another guy , who I called " Mr. Pink " because of his pink sweater , followed around supporters who were chanting " Health care now ! " and " Everybody in !
Nobody out ! " shouting his own version .
" Health care now !
We support the commies !
We hate America !
We love Obama !
We are losers !
We love big government unions ! "
It was quite amazing to watch a grown man acting like a spoiled , petulant brat in public .
He seemed determined to get a Schauer supporter to take a swing at him and I think it took an amazing amount of self - restraint by some of the union factory workers there not to clobber him .
But nobody rose to his bait , thankfully .
However , every time someone said he needed to get out of their face or he'd be sorry , he ran over to the police on hand who seemed mostly amused by the childish man .
The union folks were well - represented at the counter - protest
One of the things that really stuck out for me was how happy and smiling Schauer supporters were and how dour , pinched and unhappy most of the protesters were .
The woman in the middle in this picture was posing and wore a rare smile .
The Teabagger lady to her right was more representative of the angry / sad faces most of them wore .
Protesters demanding no health insurance reform
Tim Walberg , the far - right former Baptist minister who is running for the Republican nomination in MI - 07 , showed up briefly .
Walberg held the seat for just one two - year term before being unseated by Rep. Schauer .
Republican Joe Schwarz said recently that Mark Schauer has done a better job representing MI - 07 in one year than Walberg did his entire term .
You read that right : Schwarz is a Republican .
Tim Walberg showed up for a few minutes then left
Jackson County Commissioner Phil Duckham showed up again , too .
You might remember him .
He 's the guy that showed up with a swastika sign to a similar protest last summer .
His sign originally had just the swastika but he later added the circle with the line through it some time during the rally :
Duckham was a bit more restrained this time , holding a simple " Kill the Bill " sign as he walked around talking to the handful of protesters .
Jackson County Commissioner Phil Duckham ( left )
I love the sign the guy on the right is holding .
As my friend Abby asked , " What 's dictatorship by the majority called again ???
Oh yeah -- DEMOCRACY ! "
Speaking of Abby , here she is with former Democratic candidate for Congress Bob Alexander ( left ) and Russella Davis ( right ) , the OFA Regional Field Director from the Detroit area , both of whom stopped by to show their support .
Bob Alexander , Abby Clark and Russella Davis
Death showed up , too .
Here he is getting perilously close to OFA Regional Field Director Chris Wolff .
Death 's sign says " Death to for - profit health insurance " .
OFA Reg. Field Director Chris Wolff faces Death
And finally , no Teabagger protest is complete without a few nonsensical signs , right ?
Here are three that really had me scratching my head :
I get the " Obummer " part .
That 's a slam against the President of the United States , right ?
( We 'll assume you scraped that " Support the President and the troops " bumpersticker off your car . )
And I get " Out of touch " .
You think he should bend to the will of a small minority of angry fearful conservatives .
Got it .
But " Coward " ?
Really ?
Coward ?
Okay , I know there was the Holiday Inn commercial where a guy was operating and said this quote , suggesting he could do anything if he was well - rested .
And that 's apropos in the context of this protest how exactly ?
Sometimes the dumb just goes sailing right over my head , I have to say ...
And , finally , this one .
This one I just do not get .
Is it just me or does it seem like the guy lost track of what he was trying to say about four times while he was drawing his sign ?
Oh , wait , he 's quoting Webster 's dictionary definition of socialism !
Finally I get it !
Man , these teabaggers are just so danged clever ...
Video of the event at Blogging for Michigan , courtesy of bfealk .
Act Blue link for Mark Schauer .
I 'm just sayin ' ...
======================
Digg it HERE
Reddit HERE .
It never was and may never be easy to report about fatwas for a world audience .
This point was driven home once again today when a prominent Islamic scholar presented to the media his new 600 - page fatwa against terrorism and suicide bombing .
Muhammad Tahir ul - Qadri is a Pakistani - born Sufi scholar whose youth workshops fostering moderation and understanding in Britain had already caught our attention .
His effort to knock down any and every argument in favour of violence is certainly welcome .
But the back story to this event is so complicated that it ’s hard to report on the fatwa without simply ignoring many important parts of this back story .
Part of the problem was the PR drumroll leading up to ul - Qadri ’s news conference .
Minhaj - ul - Quran , his international network to spread his Sufi teachings , touted this fatwa in an email to journalists a week ago as a unique event “ because at no time in history has such an extensively researched and evidenced work been presented by such a prominent Islamic authority . ”
Hype like this usually prompts journalists to throw an invitation straight into the trash can .
Two days later , on February 25 , the pitch was changed to present this document as “ the first ever fatwa against terrorism which declares terrorists as disbelievers . ”
Now , that ’s more likely to grab a busy journalist ’s attention .
But once it has accomplished that , any hack with any experience covering Islam finds two big problems with this description .
First , it plays on a widely - held ( and sometimes willful ) misperception that Muslim leaders have not spoken out against Islamist violence .
Large numbers of Muslim leaders have denounced violence , suicide bombs , 9/11 , 7/7 and many other bloody attacks by Islamist radicals ( check out a long partial list here ) .
But since there is no real hierarchy in Islam , non-Muslims do n’t know who has the authority to speak out and Muslims often challenge the authority of those who do .
Many of these statements end up unreported , like the trees nobody hears falling in the forest .
But if a news story is written with the “ first ever ” tag in the lead , it gives the false impression that no other Muslim leader has ever done anything similiar before .
Second , the clause “ which declares terrorists as disbelievers ” is difficult terrain .
It ’s hard for a journalist to verify that this is the first such fatwa as no central directory of such edicts worldwide exists .
Moreover , who has the authority in Islam to declare someone a non-Muslim ?
Al - Qaeda has been criticised for declaring its enemies non-Muslims ( an act known as takfir ) and either killing them or urging other Muslims to kill them .
In fact , an important group of mainstream Muslim scholars got together in 2004 to issue the Amman Message that denounces the use of takfir .
On the website of the Amman Message is a list of scholars endorsing it .
Among those listed under Pakistan is none other than al - Qadri …
Another problem is that ul - Qadri issued an earlier , 150 - page Urdu version of his fatwa last December and got a tepid reception — Pakistan ’s Interior Minister Rehman Malik welcomed it as “ a positive development ” and Pakistani media — see The News here — seem to have given it only short routine coverage .
Maybe they ’re suffering from a fatwa overload there .
Assessing the fatwa ’s significance is also difficult when even Muslim views of it are quite divided .
Check out these posts in the blogosphere — Qadri ’s fatwa breaks no new ground ( with lots about what his critics think of him ) … Shaikh Dr Tahir ul - Qadri – Anti-Terrorism Fatwa Without Teeth … Fatwas can be a force for good … plus this Guardian comment Fatwa wars are not the solution .
By this morning , the emails promoting the news conference took another angle : “ The launch of the fatwa is being regarded by many circles as a significant and historic step , the first time that such an explicit and unequivocal decree against the perpetrators of terror has been broadcast so widely . ”
The spin detectors go out when journalists read “ being regarded by many circles ” ( and how many squares or triangles , one might ask ) .
“ Historic ” is totally overused .
But this statement at least makes sense by the end , because it talks about the first time such a fatwa “ has been broadcast so widely . ”
Michael Holden , a correspondent in our London bureau , dealt with all this by interviewing ul - Qadri a day in advance ( click here for the story ) to focus on him and his fatwa rather than the hype around it .
He added useful background comments from Tim Winter , a lecturer in Islamic studies at Cambridge University , who called the fatwa “ a helpful initiative ” and added : “ To declare the miscreants as unbelievers is unusual , because it is not really clear that the rules allow one simply to say that they are not Muslims …
Those who are already hardliners will pay no attention at all .
But ‘ swing voters ’ — poorly educated and angry Muslims , who respect mainstream scholars , will probably take note . ”
This fatwa should n’t become another unheard tree falling in the forest , but screening out all the surrounding noise about it is not easy .
What do you think about ul - Qadri ’s fatwa and how the media covered it ?
Follow FaithWorld on Twitter at RTRFaithWorld
I am not sure what they are made out of but they are as small as your fingers are or even smaller than that .
In other words you can say food for the elves
I heard y'all wanted to see more Chivettes .
Well let 's give them the spotlight in a video compilation then .
Do n't worry , this is just a tease with many more sexy Chivette moments to come .
Want to be featured ?
Upload your videos HERE .
Check out heathermoni , britterwitters , Chivette1232 , rileyanne90210 , carb.slut , and Rosquete on iCHIVE
By : Arden 4227 Liked !
1434 Disliked hotness
Iranian authorities raided the home of a prominent filmmaker , Jaffar Panahi , early Tuesday morning and arrested him , his wife and daughter , along with 15 guests , the opposition Web site Jaras reported .
Mr. Panahi , 49 , had supported the opposition movement and appeared in international film festivals outside the country wearing a green scarf , in the trademark color of the opposition .
His films , which are not considered political , have won awards at the Chicago , Cannes and Berlin film festivals .
Prosecutor General Abbas Jafari Dowlatabadi confirmed his arrest on Tuesday , saying Mr. Panahi had been arrested for committing “ certain offenses , ” the official IRNA news agency reported .
He did not elaborate on the offenses , but said that the arrest was not related to Mr. Panahi ’s “ profession or to politics . ”
Up to 70 % of the share trading in Dutch blue - chip stocks is carried out by computer , without human intervention , the Financieele Dagblad reports on Monday .
Two years ago , traders estimated between 30 % and 50 % of shares were traded by computer .
The increase is due to the rise of automated trading systems and the growth in complex algorithmic trading – using mathmatical formulas to trade at very high speeds – the paper says .
‘ Some 20 % of Dutch blue - chip share trades are the result of high - speed trading , ’ Cees vermaas , head of European trading at the NTSE Euronext stock exchange , is quoted as saying .
Optiver , IMC and All Options are among the big automated trading houses in the Netherlands , the paper says .
High - speed trading has been criticised for disadvantaging long - term and private investors .
Last Monday ( March 1st ) , people in India and other countries with large Hindu populations celebrated Holi , the Festival of Colors .
A welcoming of Spring , Holi is celebrated as the triumph of good over evil .
Hindu devotees and others enthusiastically drop their inhibitions , and chase each other in temples and through the streets , playfully splashing colorful paint , powder and water on each other .
People also attend bonfires to commemorate the story of Prahlada , a Hindu figure and devout follower of Lord Vishnu who prevailed over his father and the demoness Holika with the power of his devotion .
Collected here are a handful of images from this year 's Festival of Colors .
( 37 photos total
Eric Spiegelman was at Disneyland checking out an old map of California mounted in the Main Street railroad station when he spotted an unexpected geographic feature .
" There are like a thousand websites that list the hidden secrets of Disneyland , but on Saturday we found something they all missed , " he posted .
Actually , the unfortunately named Nigger Slough shows up on many early maps of the Gardena area — the basin , later renamed Dominguez Slough , was a pretty evident part of the pre-suburban landscape at that end of the county .
Blake Gumprecht 's book , " The Los Angeles River : Its Life , Death and Possible Rebirth , " describes the slough as " a stagnant backwater " of intertwining channels formed by river floodwaters that backed up against the Dominguez Hills and sometimes covered as many as 7,000 acres .
A while back , the blog L.A. Creek Freak offered tips for finding the old sloughs and waterways of the Los Angeles area .
* And : Jessica
Hall explored the slough 's history in a 2008 post at L.A. Creek Freak .
Andree Peel , French heroine who saved 102 Allied pilots from the Nazis , dies aged 105
An unsung Second World War heroine who saved more than 100 lives and survived a Nazi death squad has died aged 105 .
Andree Peel , who was known as Agent Rose , helped 102 British and American pilots escape from her native France .
The resistance fighter was imprisoned in two concentration camps but was liberated and went on to settle in Long Ashton , Bristol , after the war .
Second World
War heroine Andree Peel , who has died aged 105 , proudly shows the medals she won during her time as a French resistance fighter
Mrs Peel , who helped 102 British and American pilots escape from her native France , with the concentration camp uniform she wore before being liberated
She was the most highly decorated woman to survive the conflict and was awarded the Legion d'Honneur by her brother , General Maurice Virot .
Mrs Peel was awarded the War Cross with palm , the War Cross with purple star , the medal of the Resistance and the Liberation cross .
She also received the American Medal of Freedom from US President Dwight Eisenhower , as well as the King 's Commendation for Brave Conduct , presented to her by King George VI .
Dr Liam Fox , Conservative MP for Woodspring , Somerset , paid tribute today to Mrs Peel 's ' selfless bravery ' .
He said : ' Mrs Peel was an iconic figure who showed phenomenal courage in the most difficult circumstances .
Mrs Peel used the code name Agent Rose during the war
' Her selfless bravery saved many lives and she stands as a monument to the triumph of the human spirit , which will set an example for many generations to come . '
Under the code name Agent Rose , Mrs Peel passed vital information about the German Army after it invaded Brest , in her native Brittany , France .
She managed to save more than 100 Allied pilots in a three - year period working for the Resistance .
Mrs Peel 's most harrowing experience came when she faced a Nazi death squad , but she was saved when they fled as Americans troops advanced on the Buchenwald concentration camp .
She was sent a letter of congratulation by Winston Churchill and received the highest military honour bestowed by the French government - the Legion d'Honneur .
Mrs Peel , whose maiden name was Andree Virot , settled in Bristol after she met and married Englishman John Peel , who died in 2003 , after the war .
Speaking last year she said : ' I was born with courage .
I did not allow cruel people to find in me a person they could torture .
' I saved 102 pilots before being arrested , interrogated and tortured .
I suffer still from that .
I still have the pain .
' We were defending freedom .
It 's an extremely precious thing .
It is only when you do not have it that you begin to appreciate how important it is .
' At that time we were all putting our lives in danger but we did it because we were fighting for freedom .
Mrs Peel receiving the Legion d'Honneur from her brother , retired French General Maurice Virot in 2004
' The war is a time I will never forget .
I do n't think anybody who lived during that period ever really can , but I lived a different life to many woman as I fought like a man .
' It was a terrible time but looking back I am so proud of what I did and I 'm glad to have helped defend the freedom of our future generations . '
— Uninsured Triangle residents said Monday that they eagerly await the overhaul of the nation 's health care system .
" It 's just going to be like Christmas , " said DeCarlo Flythe , who lost health coverage for his family when he was laid off almost three years ago .
" It 's going to be great .
You know , no worries ( about ) the bills .
We are going to go ahead and pay our co-pay and be alright . "
Flythe , a diabetic , said he checked into buying a policy for his family , but he could n't afford it .
He recently landed another job , but the new benefits have n't kicked in yet .
" I worry day to day , honestly , " he said .
" I pray to make sure my child or my wife do n't ' get sick because , if they go to the hospital , we are looking at a couple of thousand ( dollars in bills ) . "
Flythe was among the patients Monday at the Walltown Clinic , a joint program of Duke University and Lincoln Community Health Center that serves the low - income neighborhoods near Duke 's campus .
The clinic serves 3,000 to 4,000 patients a year – 80 percent do n't have health insurance – and charges co-pays based on what patients can afford .
" People will come in and say , ' I suddenly do n't have a job .
I 've lost my insurance .
Can you help me ? ' " said Kaity Granda , a physician 's assistant at the clinic .
Norman Rucker said he has n't had health insurance in almost 10 years because his employers have n't offered it .
" I 'm not a person who gets sick a lot , so I did n't think I 'd need any medicine , " said Rucker , who racked up about $ 100,000 in hospital bills over that period by going to the emergency room whenever he needed care .
" I 'm trying to pay them off .
Collection agencies call me all the time . "
Rucker 's wife has insurance , but the couple could n't afford to put him on the policy .
Now , he 's excited he may also have coverage because of health care reform .
" It 'll make the world better .
It 'll make us all better , actually , " he said .
“ I can't believe I spent my Saturday picking up garbage .
I mean , half those bottles were n't even mine . ”
― Lenny “ Ow , my eye ! ” ― Lenny 's running gag .
“ Eh , everybody makes mistakes , that 's why they put erasers in the backs of pencils . ”
― Lenny
Lenford " Lenny " Leonard is a recurring character in The Simpsons and a supporting character in The Simpsons Movie .
He is the best friend of Carl Carlson and , along with Carl , second best friend of Homer Simpson , behind Barney Gumble .
He works at the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant and possesses a master 's degree in nuclear physics , but he is portrayed as a simple , often naive , blue - collar working man .
Lenny is also one of the few characters allowed to possess a " Simpson 's Family " trait : Homer 's beard line . [ 1 ]
He also has a green elephant called Pinky as an imaginary friend who once slept with Stradivarius Cain 's girlfriend , and it is a running gag that Lenny gets a lot of things caught in his eye .
Contents show ]
Biography
Despite being shown in the First Church of Springfield , Lenny is a Buddhist .
Born in Chicago , he is also a war hero and a three - time juror .
His grandmother spent 20 years in a Soviet labor camp , hinting that Lenny may have ancestors from the former Soviet Union , or have ancestors who were POWs .
In The Simpsons comics number 116 we learn that Lenny is the last surviving descendant of the Woopakanomie Native American tribe .
He was a member of the Springfield chapter of the Stonecutters secret society ( Number 12 , outranking Mr. Burns ) .
Lenny seems to have little regard for his own life : " Quick and pointless , that 's the death for me " .
Another example of his apathy towards salvation is that he shrugs after being pulled from a ladder which would have seen him and Homer to safety .
In " Mommie Beerest " , Lenny has a magazine cover from the week of his birth , the headline reads ' Bloodbath in Laos ' this means his date birth is possibly in March of 1971 , in that date Life magazine published on its cover photos of Laotian Civil War
Lenny is left - handed .
[ 4 ]
He also has a psychiatric disorder , for which he takes medication . [ 5 ]
Jobs
Lenny works at the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant alongside Carl Carlson and Homer Simpson .
Despite his steady job , Lenny has been featured with several other jobs .
On one occasion , he is promoted to head of the power plant when Mr. Burns goes bankrupt ; which Smithers later describes to Homer as a " reign of terror " .
Homer considers
Lenny to be the second richest man he knows .
However , Lenny is once shown living in a dilapidated house , and pleads with Marge to not tell anyone how he lives .
By the time of " Helter Shelter " , he has moved to a fancy , well - furnished modern apartment ... that happens to share a wall with a jai - alai court .
According to him , he finds the sound of the balls hitting the common wall ' soothing ' .
In " Lisa 's Wedding " , it 's shown Lenny is once again in charge of the power plant .
In one episode , it is implied he is an undercover agent whose target is Homer .
He was also fired from the Nuclear Power Plant at least twice , once as a demonstration to Bart as how he should act as his heir , and the second due to being the last one in the designated cabin in a Company Competition .
Also , during an Employee Appreciation Night , he attempted to thank Mr. Burns for the great evening , but his attempt backfired due to him being drunk , which only resulted in terrifying his boss .
At the Adult Education Annex , Lenny teaches a class on " How To Chew Tobacco " .
In one of Homer 's daydreams , it 's shown that Lenny is President of the United States .
In " Homer vs. Dignity " , Homer says he is a war hero , implying Military Service .
Lenny is a member of the Republican party , and possesses a Dole / Kemp ' 96 American flag tattoo . [ 6 ]
However , he seems to learn on the less extreme side of the political right , as he disliked the reactionary radicalism of Birch Barlow . [ 7 ]
Lenny is also a successful writer who wrote a series of mystery novels , one of them entitled " The Murderer Did It " , [ 8 ] which are called " scary good fun " by Stephen King .
Lenny is also shown to be a member of the NRA as seen in " The Cartridge Family " .
His weapon of choice appears to be an AR - 15 rifle with a vertical grip , which he says " are manufactured for a reason : to take out today 's modern super animals like the flying squirrel , and the electric eel . " [ 9 ]
Lenny is an adept guitar player .
According to the episode " That ' 90s Show " , Lenny was a guitar player for his friend Homer 's Grunge band , Sadgasm .
The band split up some time after the release of their song " Margerine " .
Website Biography
Though only a lowly nonentity at Springfield Nuclear Power Plant , Lenny holds an exceptionally high ranking position at the local Stonecutters 's Lodge -- 17 points above Mr. Burns , in fact .
Due to his exalted status in this secret order , Lenny enjoys the gratifying privilege of squeezing Mr. Burns 's nose whenever he feels like it , which he never does .
Injuries
A running gag throughout the series is that Lenny frequently hurts his eye , usually causing him to exclaim " Ow , my eye !
I 'm not supposed to get [ object name ] in it ! " .
In " Flaming Moe 's " , his head gets set on fire .
In " Homer at the Bat " , he gets hit in the knee by a baseball bat .
In " Last Exit to Springfield " , Homer punches him in the back of the head , causing him to spit out his coffee .
In " Monty Can't Buy Me Love " , he gets stabbed in the head by a coin .
In " G.I. D'oh " , he gets run over by a tank .
In " Bobby , It 's Cold Outside " , he gets caught in a gunpowder explosion .
Family
Little is known about Lenny 's family , although it is said that his mother loves both Carl and Moe better than him .
She also states that she wishes Carl were her son .
The feeling is mutual .
He once stated that his father died in a war , but he does n't know in which .
Lenny has a sister that dates Carl only on Valentine 's Day as seen in " The Blue and the Gray " .
Lenny mentioned in " The Burns Cage " that he was visiting her funeral .
Relationships
Friends
Relationship with Carl
Lenny 's best friend is Carl Carlson , as they are rarely seen apart ; his other friends are Homer , and regulars at Moe 's including Barney Gumble and Moe Szyslak .
On Lenny 's birthday , his friends attempted to throw a surprise party for him at Moe 's , which is ruined by Homer , who then sits on a cake shaped like Lenny 's favorite bar stool .
Homer repeatedly confuses Lenny and Carl , and is shockedto learn on one occasion that Lenny is white , and Carl is black .
To guide himself , Homer has " Lenny = White , Carl = Black " on his hand .
He once muttered to himself , " Is that right ? " while reading it .
Homer once exclaimed , " That 's Lenny ?
I wanted the black one ! " .
When Mr. Burns appears on a radio show in an attempt to boost his popularity , Homer tells him that he has a list of jokes explaining the differences between white and black people ; Homer later stated , " White guys have names like Lenny , whereas black guys have names like Carl . "
Lenny appears to be well liked by the Simpson family .
On one occasion , Marge and the kids built a prayer shrine for him when learning he was taken to the hospital .
When Homer went bowling but tells Marge that Lenny was hospitalized ; Marge informs the kids , they respond the same way she did and shout , " Not Lenny !
" The Simpson family had a cake inscribed " Happy Labor Day Lenny " .
Marge has a picture of Lenny in her hair .
In The Great Louse Detective , Lenny tells Sideshow Bob to kill Bart .
It is also shown that Lenny greatly values all his friends when he throws them a lavish party ( after winning on a lottery ticket ) to celebrate their amity .
The possibility of a sexual relationship between Lenny and Carl has constantly been alluded .
When Marge 's Popsicle stick sculptures of Lenny and Carl are destroyed and mashed together , Lenny stated , " I do n't know where Carl ends and I begin ! " , to which Carl replies , " See , it 's statements like that that make people think we 're gay . "
However , in one of the recent episodes , Carl and Lenny are seen to be holding hands when they are in a limo with Marge and Homer trying to cheer up Moe .
When Lenny saw heaven , and Carl asked ' Hey , what does it look like ? ' we see hundreds of Carl - Angels saying ' get up Lenny , it 's time for work ' .
Carl once told Seymour Skinner that " Marriage is gonna be great .
Now you 'll have someone who'll rub your back - without being asked " while glaring at Lenny , who sighed " Oh , not this again . "
Carl then responds " Yes , this again . "
When Homer opened a chapel for gay couples after Gay Marriage was legalized , he speculated that Lenny and Carl might be interested , and Marge responds with " Do n't you push them - they 've gotta work that out for themselves . "
Once , Chief Wiggum remarked that Lenny 's relationship with Carl is on the rocks .
While helping Lisa with a science project , Homer quoted to Lisa " You and science go together like Lenny and Carl - the science is Carl " . [ 16 ]
Another time , Lenny and Carl saw Homer and Marge kiss , prompting Lenny to remark , " Remember when we used to kiss like that , Carl ... with our respective girlfriends ? "
They then discuss what happened to them .
Apparently one turned out to be a prostitute and one died . [ 17 ]
In the Simpsons Game , if the player fails to rescue Lenny and Carl in Lisa the Tree Hugger , Carl might say , " Tell Lenny ...
I loved ... his recipe for caramel sundaes . "
Lenny 's hero worship over Carl has reached a mounting point .
Lenny revealed that he carved Carl 's face on a mountain , and called it Mount Carlmore . [ 18 ]
He later leaves a burning oil field , only because Carl arrived .
On one occasion , the residents of Springfield see the stars , and see deep within their hearts and souls ; Lenny sees Carl 's face in the stars ( Carl also sees himself there ) .
Lenny published a newspaper called The Lenny - Saver with the headline : " The Truth About Carl : He 's Great . "
After displaying this , he shed a tear and stated that " it had to be told . "
Lenny and Carl were once pictured driving a sports car through the woods with two children in the back of contrasting background ( either noting they are both single parents have separately or otherwise adopted children ) . [ 19 ]
Carl Carlson states that he and Lenny have the same mother when a major fire is closing in on her work . [ 20 ]
When Lisa brings back the stars , Lenny sees a constellation of Carl 's face .
It should be noted that all of these examples could just be for comedic purposes , as only their heterosexual exploits have been explicitly confirmed .
One time Carl and him drunkenly suggest to Barney that he take them to the Playboy Mansion and the Girls College , respectively [ 21 ] .
In addition , Homer has mentioned that Carl and Lenny have mistresses they spend time with [ 22 ] , and both Lenny and Carl were clearly aroused by the female stars of Lemony Lick - It 's A Series of Horny Events when they accidentally stumbled upon the filming of the film and were also shown to be extremely willing to take up Homer 's bribe of giving them roles to buy their silence to Marge , they 're opting to be the foul - mouth boy and do the sex scenes with the girls , respectively . [ 23 ]
In addition , when Homer was describing a movie he saw that weekend regarding a buxom blonde ( implied to be the same movie Mr. Burns held disgust over due to her being " naked as a jaybird " for half the film ) , Lenny , alongside Carl , acknowledged that it was " their kind of film " in bemusement , while also proceeding to oink ( alluding to Mr. Burns ' earlier claim of how the unwashed masses will " oink for more " regarding over - sized breasts and a happy end . ) . [ 24 ]
Love Life
Lenny is apparently divorced - Carl says that he sang " The Best Is Yet to Come " at Lenny 's wedding , [ 25 ] although it was later shown that Lenny punched Carl for giving a bad speech at his wedding .
Lenny is a persistent bachelor who has poor luck with women .
Lenny once shaved the legs of a woman who calls him an idiot for not shaving in an upward direction .
Homer mentioned to Moe that both Lenny and Carl are with their mistresses .
In yet another occasion , he was seen in the opening scene with his arm around a woman who appears to be his girlfriend .
It 's revealed that he had dated a woman in a Woody Woodpecker outfit at a fairground for three months until she left him for the man who cleans the vomit on the roller coaster . [ 29 ]
Lenny had told Carl that he was married to a Beauty - Queen , but it is later revealed that Lenny made his Beauty - Queen wife up , and is unmarried . [ 30 ]
It is mentioned once , that Lenny dated a girl named Doreen , but decided to break up with her .
He had no courage to do it , so he asked Homer to " dump his girlfriend for him " .
According to Moe , Doreen cheated on Lenny with everyone , except for him , even though Moe showered her with gifts .
Lenny is also part of " The Guys " .
Non Canon Appearances
The contents of this article or section are considered to be non-canon and therefore may not have actually happened / existed .
Television
In " Lisa 's Wedding " , Lenny is shown in charge of nuclear plant .
At age 47 , Lenny owns a super pet .
When Milhouse ( with giant muscles ) gets trapped between two trees , he and Carl leave him there .
In Homer 's dream in " The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace " , Lenny is shown at Homer 's funeral as president and when Homer wakes up , he asks Marge not to vote for him .
In " Holidays of Future Passed " , Lenny switches brains with Carl because he wanted to get back together with his wife who was sleeping with Carl at the time , but she switched with a monkey on Japanese game show .
In " Behind the Laughter " , Lenny and Carl are constant companions , and Bart had apparently paid the two to kiss one another .
They then question whether they ever received the money from Bart for doing so , and upon realizing that they were never paid , both gain a worried expression .
In " Treehouse of Horror XVI " , Lenny dies and sees the angels in Heaven take the form of Carl ( although they 're saying , " Hurry up or we 'll be late for work at the plant ! " ) .
Lenny is killed by killer dolphins in the " Treehouse of Horror XI " segment " The Night of the Dolphin " .
In " The Simpsons Guy " , Lenny sits next to Glenn Quagmire and Quagmire asks Lenny if he likes sex to which Lenny replies " Eh " causing Quagmire to note that they are not very similar .
Video Games
In The Simpsons : Hit & Run Lenny appears in Level 1 mission , Office Spaced .
Homer goes to a local Krusty Burger to ask Lenny where Mr. Smithers is .
He can also later be found standing with Carl later in the level prior to the mission , The Fat and the Furious .
In The Simpsons Game , Carl and Lenny are shown arguing while bird - watching , and having forgotten Lisa and Bart 's names when they save Lenny and Carl from logging machinery , even though Lenny and Carl have known them all their lives .
Later on both Lenny and Carl can be recruited by Marge in her mob to ban the sales of the Grand Theft Scratchy game to minors .
Appearances
This article or section is incomplete .
Please improve the article , or discuss the issue on the talk page .
Gallery
The full image gallery for Lenny Leonard may be viewed at Lenny Leonard / Gallery .
He 's Not Even Supposed to Be Here Today
A 12 - year - old girl who was pulled from a burning home in west - end Toronto over the weekend succumbed to her injuries after her father died trying to save her .
" Many men say they will do anything for their children , " said an emotional Richard Leftley on Monday afternoon about his friend Ken Einboden .
" Well , Ken did .
He gave his last breath saving his daughters . "
Neighbours told police the father ran out of the house safely carrying his infant daughter Kendra in his arms .
After handing her over to a neighbour , he rushed back inside to rescue Britney .
He did n't come back out .
Britney was found on the second floor of her smoke - filled North York home next to her 35 - year - old father Ken .
Authorities say both Ken and Britney were found without vital signs when they were pulled from the fire .
Britney 's father succumbed to his injuries Sunday in hospital .
Paramedics rushed his daughter to the downtown Hospital for Sick Children , but she passed away over the noon hour .
" God took back one of his angels -- Britney , " Leftley told reporters Monday .
" She was a great kid , she worked hard at school .
" Yesterday , I lost my best friend , " he said about Ken .
" Today my kids lost their best friend .
This is hard for the mother , and hard for the family . "
One little girl said Britney had been her best friend , and that she had never had a best friend like that before .
A memorial has developed at the fire scene .
One person left a note with a teddy bear saying Britney was now with her dad in a better place .
Leftley described Einboden as the kind of guy who was always there for his family and who would give his friends the shirt off his back to help them out .
He said anyone who knew Ken would not be surprised he died trying to save his children .
Trust fund
The family has faced some tragic circumstances lately .
Six months ago , Britney 's grandmother died .
Around the same time , Ken lost his job and his wife Jackie gave birth to their daughter Kendra .
She has been off work on maternity leave .
The couple was renting the home .
Leftley said the family did not have renter 's insurance .
The fire destroyed the family home , leaving mother and baby with only the clothes on their back .
" If anyone out there is able to help out and make a donation , they would greatly appreciate it , " he said .
" That family has seen enough grief . "
A trust fund has been set up for the family .
Donations can be made to the RBC branch at Jane Street and Lawrence Avenue , chequing account number 5052394 .
The fire broke out in the kitchen of the family 's Kemp Square home just before 3 p.m. Sunday .
The children 's mother was out of the home running errands when the fire broke out , Toronto Police Staff Sgt. Richard McKeown told ctvtoronto.ca .
Investigators are trying to determine what sparked the blaze .
The home was not equipped with a water sprinkler , according to Toronto Fire Services .
With a report from CTV Toronto's Austin Delaney
SCP -2559 -J
Item # : SCP - 2559 -J
Object Class : Keter
Special Containment Procedures :
As of this time SCP - 2559 - J is currently contained at the bottom of Site█ █ but when its outflow finally breaches the top of Site██ containment will rapidly become impossible .
Description : SCP - 2559 - J is the result of the interaction between the use of SCP - ████ and a careless researcher and can be used as a reminder of what can happen when research methods are not kept to .
SCP - 2559 - J is a " rip " in space - time created when Dr.██████ sliced through reality utilising SCP - ████ .
SCP - ████ allowed the user to cut through to the reality of their choice and create a portal which matter could pass through .
At the time of the creation of SCP - 2559 - J Dr.██████ was supposed to be investigating a supposed " naziverse " that existed parallel to our own .
When the slice was created and opened security logs show masses of kittens , of various breeds , filling up the portal before being ejected with massive force instantly killing Dr.██████ and her team of assistants .
Within moments the room had filled with kittens and they began to exert massive pressures on the surrounding doors before breaking through and began to fill Site██ .
Fortunately Site██ was built inside the crater of Site██ , which had been destroyed a number of years previously during a possible XK class breach and so the portal was located some 5.6 km ( 3.5 miles ) below ground .
Since the opening of SCP - 2559 - J kittens have been spilling out at a fixed rate of roughly 11.36l /s ( 3gal / s ) with a massive amount of pressure .
Foundation researchers have attempted to exterminate the kittens to reach and close SCP - 2559 - J but have found that the mass of kittens , or kitten - pile as it is commonly called , appears to be invulnerable to conventional weapons and can exist without impairment at massive pressures or temperatures .
Any individual kitten removed from the pile becomes unremarkable in every way and merges seamlessly with the pile when returned .
Due to this SCP - 2559 - J has received Keter level of Classification and unless a solution can be found soon it will become uncontainable .
Addendum :
According to Dr. Rights , considered by many to be The Foundation 's foremost expert on kittens , SCP - 2559 - J is apparently a portal to " The Plane of Infinite Kittens . "
Apparently this dimension is nothing but an infinitely large kitten pile and may be the place from which all kittens come from .
This would explain why the kittens were ejected from SCP - 2559 - J with such force as the pressure exerted by the pile on any given location would be astronomical .
Attempts to reach the portal have so far failed as the kitten pile exerts a stupefying effect on anyone who enters it rendering them incapable of performing any action other than curling up and going to sleep until they sink to the point where the pressure exerted by the mass of kittens crushes them .
Please note any and all attempts to cause mass termination or destruction of the kitten pile or Site██ has been met with massive levels of irrational violence on the part of Dr. Rights and Agent Tam .
Caution is advised when attempting to pursue a solution to this problem .
Well , I survived yesterday .
It turns out my throat massage ended up being a scalp massage .
At 5:51 AM my little guy came to my bed and said , “ Good morning Mommy , Happy Mother ’s Day ( yes , he was shrieking it ) !
It ’s time for your massage ! ”
Why is it no one is able to get up on a school day that early ?
So , I ’m still alive .
A scalp massage was much less hazardous than a throat massage but still , it was 5:51 AM .
Ugh .
Anyways , here is a little treat I made for myself for Mother ’s Day .
Mini Peanut Butter - Finger Cheesecakes with a vanilla wafer crust .
OMG , talk about indulgence .
These tiny little things pack a serious sweet tooth punch .
If you do n’t have a mini cheesecake pan , I highly suggest getting one .
Or this would be an easy recipe to adapt to a larger springform pan .
Anyway , I know you ’ll love it .
Let ’s make it …
Here ’s what you will need : Vanilla wafers , granulated sugar , butter , salt , cream cheese , peanut butter , an egg , heavy cream , Butterfinger and chocolate chips .
Combine 1 cup ground vanilla wafers , 2 Tablespoons granulated sugar , 2 Tablespoons melted butter and 1/8 teaspoon table salt .
Divide mixture into bottoms of mini cheesecake pan and press until flat .
Bake in a 350 degree oven for 8 - 10 minutes or until golden brown .
Reduce oven temperature to 300 degrees .
Beat cream cheese and 1 /4 cup creamy peanut butter until smooth .
Beat 1/2 cup sugar , 1 egg , 2 Tablespoons heavy cream and 1/8 table salt until well combined .
Slowly stir in crushed butterfinger .
The recipe suggested 4 fun size bars , I used half of a king size bar or about 2 ounces of Butterfinger .
Evenly pour batter over baked crust .
Bake for 20 - 22 minutes until cheesecake is set .
Do n’t forget to turn down your oven temperature to 300 degrees .
Let cheesecake cool for 2 hours , then remove from pan ( I refrigerated mine overnight before removing from the pan ) .
After cooling , your cheesecakes will depress a bit , creating a perfect well for the chocolate sauce .
Melt one cup chocolate chips in microwave in 30 second intervals .
Stir in between intervals and do not overcook the chocolate .
Add heavy cream in small doses to the chocolate and stir until chocolate is smooth and glossy .
If you add the cream too fast you will get lumps .
Microwave some more to get the lumps out .
Spoon the chocolate over the tops of the cakes .
Spoon crushed Butterfinger over the top of the chocolate .
It would n’t be hard to eat all four .
Mini desserts always taste better than full size ones .
Take back any weird Mother ’s Day gifts you got and get a mini cheesecake pan .
You wo n’t regret it !
Mini Peanut Butter - Finger Cheesecakes
Adapted from Picky Palate
For the crust :
1 cup Vanilla Wafers , ground
2 Tablespoons granulated sugar
2 Tablespoons butter , melted
1/8 teaspoon table salt
For the cheesecake :
One 8 ounce package cream cheese , room temperature
1/4 cup creamy peanut butter
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 egg
2 Tablespoons heavy cream
1/8 teaspoon table salt
4 fun size Butterfinger candy bars ( I used 1/ 2 a king size Butterfinger , about 2 oz . )
For the topping :
1 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips
2 - 3 Tablespoons heavy cream
Crushed Butterfinger
Combine 1 cup ground vanilla wafers , 2 Tablespoons granulated sugar , 2 Tablespoons melted butter and 1/8 teaspoon table salt .
Divide mixture into bottoms of mini cheese cake pan and press until flat .
Bake in a 350 degree oven for 8 - 10 minutes or until golden brown .
Reduce oven temperature to 300 degrees .
Beat cream cheese and 1 /4 cup creamy peanut butter until smooth .
Beat 1/2 cup sugar , 1 egg , 2 Tablespoons heavy cream and 1/8 table salt until well combined .
Slowly stir in crushed butterfinger .
The recipe suggested 4 fun size bars , I used half of a king size bar or about 2 ounces of Butterfinger .
Evenly pour batter over baked crust .
Bake for 20 - 22 minutes until cheesecake is set .
Do n’t forget to turn down your oven temperature to 300 degrees .
Let cheesecake cool for 2 hours , then remove from pan ( I refrigerated mine overnight before removing from the pan ) .
After cooling , your cheesecakes will depress a bit , creating a perfect well for the chocolate sauce .
Melt one cup chocolate chips in microwave in 30 second intervals .
Stir in between intervals and do not overcook the chocolate .
Add heavy cream in small doses to the chocolate and stir until chocolate is smooth and glossy .
If you add the cream too fast you will get lumps .
Microwave some more to get the lumps out .
Spoon the chocolate over the tops of the cakes .
Spoon crushed Butterfinger over the top of the chocolate .
Makes twelve mini cheesecakes .
One Year Ago Today : My Heart … On the Outside
Thanks to Steve Kurtz for this article .
— — — — ——
All measures to thwart the degradation and destruction of our ecosystem will be useless if we do not cut population growth .
By 2050 , if we continue to reproduce at the current rate , the planet will have between 8 billion and 10 billion people , according to a recent U.N. forecast .
This is a 50 percent increase .
And yet
government - commissioned reviews , such as the Stern report in Britain , do not mention the word population .
Books and documentaries that deal with the climate crisis , including Al Gore ’s “ An Inconvenient Truth , ” fail to discuss the danger of population growth .
This omission is odd , given that a doubling in population , even if we cut back on the use of fossil fuels , shut down all our coal - burning power plants and build seas of wind turbines ,
will plunge us into an age of extinction and desolation unseen since the end of the Mesozoic era , 65 million years ago , when the dinosaurs disappeared .
For full article , visit :
http://informationclearinghouse.info/article22181.htm
David and I have been writing a lot about the violence that already has and will continue to occur because of the extremist nature of the tea party movement .
The MSM seems to be afraid to point this out except to characterize it as isolated incidents .
Do n't they seem to happen all the time ?
How many have to happen before they 're no longer isolated ?
Steny Hoyer is on MSNBC giving a presser with Clyburn saying that they are fearful for their safety and other members should notify security .
Chuck
Todd tweets :
House Maj . Leader
Hoyer says he 's worried about the security of fellow House Dems ; Calls on House GOP leaders to join in decrying threats .
They should be .
Law enforcement authorities are investigating the discovery of a cut propane gas line at the Virginia home of Rep. Tom Perriello ’s ( D - Va. ) brother , whose address was targeted by tea party activists angry at the congressman ’s vote for the health care bill .
An aide to the congressman confirmed to POLITICO that a line to a propane tank behind his brother 's home near Charlottesville had been sliced .
The FBI would not disclose the details of the incident , but said that they have been to the home .
“ This is very preliminary at this point , so we ’re not making any comment at this time , ” local FBI spokesman M.A. Myers told POLITICO .
Lee Catlin , community relations director for the Albemarle County Fire Marshal , said in a statement to POLITICO that the office is “ investigating a suspicious incident ” at the home of the congressman ’s brother .
“ The Fire Marshal ’s Office is conducting the investigation in cooperation with the FBI , ” Catlin said .
“ While officials are not willing to characterize the exact nature of the incident because of the ongoing investigation , it did not involve an immediate threat to occupants of the residence .
However officials are taking the incident very seriously and conducting a vigorous investigation , ” the statement said .
POLITICO reported on Monday that Mike Troxel , an organizer for the Lynchburg Tea Party , posted on his blog what he thought was the congressman ’s address , encouraging tea party activists to “ drop by ... read on
A tea party activist targeted Perriello yesterday , got his name wrong and today we have a gas line cut .
As Digby wrote yesterday :
I would imagine there will be more of this .
I 'm just surprised they did n't do it before the vote : A tea party organizer angry over Rep. Thomas Perriello ’s ( D - Va. ) vote in favor of health care reform published what he thought was the freshman member ’s home address on a blog , in case any readers “ want to drop by ” and provide a “ personal touch ” to their views .
Basic intimidation , obviously .
I 'd imagine that some of them might even want to exercise their 2nd Amendment rights .
UPDATE : mcjoan has more :
Update : The " shocked " and " speechless " Nigel Coleman is the same one who said :
When Coleman learned the address was actually Perriello ’s brother ’s — Politico reported he and his wife have four young children — Coleman commented on another blog that the mistake was " collateral damage . "
" Do you mean I posted his brother ’s address on my Facebook ? " Coleman wrote .
" Oh well , collateral damage . "
Yeah , nothing violent in that .
UPDATE 2 : Perriello has released the following statement :
A Boston - area actor edges tenuously toward a career in theatre , or middle age , whichever comes first .
Answer 5 questions and we 'll match you to the perfect , free resources to get you back on track
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANNOUNCE : yesod 0.0.0 ( web framework )
Hello all , I 'm happy to announce the first release of the Yesod Web Framework [ 1 ] .
This framework has been in development for over a year and is in production use on a number of websites .
The project homepage [ 2 ] provides a fairly thorough rundown of features ; for here , I will suffice to say that this framework aims at the following goals : * RESTful applications * Deployable anywhere ( based on WAI ) * Safety
While this framework is still in active development and can be expected to mature over time , this release is ready for use .
To get started quickly , simply install the yesod package from Hackage and type " yesod init " .
Michael [ 1 ]
http://hackage.haskell.org/package/yesod [ 2 ]
http://www.yesodweb.com/code.html
-------------- next part
--------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed ...
URL : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20100307/a2339303/attachment.html
VN : F [ 1.9.8_1114 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 8.1/10 ( 9 votes cast )
Praying hands , the cross and Jesus are common tattoo symbols with tons of unique variations and interpretations .
Perhaps too many … Some folks take their religion pretty seriously , and some well , let ’s just say they make you want to say OMG in vain .
These Jesus tattoos range from ridiculous to offensive to just plain WTF .
How ’s that song go again ?
“ Jesus loves me , this I know … because these tattoos tell me so . ”
Raptor Jesus Tattoo
He went extinct for our sins .
Zombie Jesus Tattoo
He came back …. again .
Pimp Jesus Tattoo
He turns water into Colt 45 .
Gumbi Jesus Tattoo
It ’s alright , he can just stretch out his arms until his feet touch the ground .
Jesus Pez Dispenser
It spits out communion wafers instead of Pez – raw deal .
Einstein Jesus Tattoo
Who says science and religion ca n’t coexist ?
Hello Kitty Jesus Tattoo
They say God is present in all things , and Hello Kitty merchandise is pretty much everywhere , so when you think about it , this tattoo makes sense .
Jesus Spock Tattoo
Wait , Jesus did n’t coin the phrase “ live long and prosper ” ?
OMG LOL Jesus Tattoo
It ’s good to know that Jesus has a sense of humor .
Jesus Ghostbusters Tattoo
Who ya gonna call ?
Christ Busters !
Cajun Chef Jesus Tattoo
If anyone can make a divine pot of gumbo , it ’s Jesus .
Cool Guy Jesus Tattoo
Jesus takes up a cooler look in order to appeal to the kids .
Jesus Riding a Dinosaur Tattoo
Not only did people live alongside the dinosaurs when earth was created 6000 years ago , but Jesus tamed them .
Jesus is my Homeboy Tattoo
Jesus is my homeboy , this I know fo’ sho ’ .
Rockin’ Jesus Tattoo
If Jesus had lived in modern times , he probably would have been a guitar - playing hippie … he ’s got the hair for it .
Zombie Jesus Fish Tattoo
If you give a man a fish he ’ll eat for a day .
If you teach him to fish , he ’ll acquire a taste for delicious brains .
Two in the Pink Jesus Tattoo
That maneuver shall hence forth be referred to as “ The Holy Touch ” .
Jesus Kissing Satan Tattoo
Jesus loves EVERYONE .
( Yes in that way . )
VN : F [ 1.9.8_1114 ]
Rating : - 10 ( from 20 votes )
By Mark Savage
BBC News entertainment reporter
McLaren had several hits under his own name in the 1980s Malcolm McLaren was often branded a genius - but those who knew him also called him charlatan , hustler , plagiarist , pirate and , in the case of Sex Pistol frontman John Lydon , " the most evil person on earth " .
His impact on music , fashion , culture and the press was undeniable , however .
Columnist Julie Burchill once wrote , " we are all children of Thatcher and McLaren " .
He preferred to describe himself as an artist who used the media as his canvas , but McLaren 's most notable successes came in the pop charts .
BBC
News takes a look at five of his most important records - and what they reveal about the man behind the music .
SEX PISTOLS - ANARCHY IN THE UK ( 1976 ) Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Punk had its roots in the US garage rock of the 1960s .
Bands like
The Stooges and MC5 pioneered the seething malice and slashing guitars that were to define the UK's " Summer of Hate " in 1976 .
McLaren had actually managed one of those groups - The New York Dolls - in the early 1970s , trying to shock audiences by dressing them in Maoist costumes and making them play in front of a hammer and sickle flag .
But it was with the Sex Pistols that he honed the punk image and , most importantly , made it marketable .
He dressed the group in the kinky clothes he sold with Vivienne Westwood in their shop , Sex , on London 's King 's Road .
The band 's new name ( they had been called The Strand ) was a crafty piece of cross-marketing .
The music was a mere afterthought .
McLaren did n't even expect the Sex Pistols to be any good , he told The Times last year .
" I never thought that could be remotely possible .
It never occurred to me .
What occurred to me was that it did n't matter if they were bad . "
SEX PISTOLS - GOD SAVE THE QUEEN ( 1977 ) Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
At art school in the 1960s , McLaren had written a manifesto : " Be childish .
Be irresponsible .
Be disrespectful .
Be everything this society hates . "
The svengali encouraged his punk proteges to personify that proclamation - and God Save The Queen was the pinnacle of their achievement .
Released with a characteristic sense of mischief on the week of the Queen 's Silver Jubilee , it proclaimed : " God save the Queen / She ain't no human being / And there 's no future / In England 's dreaming " .
The Sex Pistols only played a handful of gigs before signing a £ 50,000 record deal
The BBC banned the track and , if that was n't publicity enough , McLaren arranged for the group to play the song outside Parliament ( the " fascist regime " of the lyrics ) .
Their subsequent arrest only reinforced people 's perceptions of the Pistols - both positive and negative - and the song ended up at number two .
It was beaten to the top by Rod Stewart 's I Don't Want To Talk About
It , although conspiracy theorists still maintain the chart was manipulated to avoid embarrassment to the Queen .
Six months later , the Sex Pistols fell apart - allegedly because of McLaren 's plan to fly them to Brazil to hook up with Great Train Robber Ronnie Biggs , one publicity stunt too many for Johnny Rotten .
The manager accused his protege of betraying the band 's credo - saying he had behaved " like a constructive sissy rather than a destructive lunatic " .
The chaotic dissolution of the band had , however , left McLaren with the spoils of two record deals , a sum of around £ 100,000 .
His other manifesto , he later admitted , had been " cash from chaos " .
BOW WOW WOW - I WANT CANDY ( 1982 ) Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
After the Sex Pistols , McLaren 's eye for fashion fell upon the New Romantic movement .
He helped to style both Boy George and Adam Ant , and opened a flamboyant , pirate - themed clothes shop called World 's End .
McLaren also claimed to have stumbled upon
Ant 's signature drum sound while working on a porn soundtrack .
The eureka moment , he told The Washington Post in 1989 , came when he played the music of a Burundi tribe at the wrong speed .
" I thought , that beat 's incredible .
It was so powerful .
I kept listening to it over and over again .
And when I came back to England and took this job , working with Adam , that was the beat . "
Bow Wow Wow 's controversial artwork had to be replaced But McLaren once again proved to be a rather incompetent manager .
Soon after he took charge
Ant 's career , three of the band left to form Bow Wow Wow .
McLaren found them a vocalist - Lolita - esque Burmese - born Annabella Lwin , whom he had discovered in a laundrette .
The band retained the Adam Ant sound , throwing in Balinese chants , Zulu drums and Duane Eddie guitars - years before the explosion of interest in " world music " .
Controversy was guaranteed when Lwin , then 14 years old , posed naked for the cover of the band 's debut album - See Jungle !
See Jungle !
Go Join Your Gang , Yeah .
City All Over !
Go Ape Crazy - in a photo recreating Manet 's Le Dejeuner sur l'Herbe .
MALCOM MCLAREN - DOUBLE DUTCH ( 1983 )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
McLaren was uncharacteristically modest about his abilities as a musician .
" I 'm more of a director , an artist by contractual obligation , " he once told the Washington Post .
" I 'd like to be able to play something , but then again , I 'm sure there are other people that can play it better than me . "
McLaren 's genius , in all walks of life , was trendspotting .
He always had an ear to the ground , listening for the next big thing .
He claimed to have discovered hip - hop while promoting Bow Wow Wow in New York - although the image of the curly - haired ginger eccentric dressed in pirate gear at a sweaty Bronx party is hard to imagine .
Hip - hop pioneer Afrika Bambaataa took McLaren to the Bronx " It was like black punk rock , " he said .
" That was the inspiration behind my song Buffalo Gals which was the first commercial rap / scratch / hip hop record . "
He was self - promoting , of course - Grandmaster Flash , The Sugarhill Gang and Blondie had already scored hip - hop hits - but McLaren 's Duck Rock album ( 1983 ) was hugely influential in bringing the genre to a wider audience .
Buffalo Gals and its follow - up , the Caribbean - flavoured skipping anthem Double Dutch , were hits on both sides of the Atlantic , and marked McLaren 's first appearance as a vocalist - much to producer Trevor Horn 's dismay .
" He said , ' My God , you can't sing or even hold a note ! , ' " McLaren told The Times .
" ' So what ? ' I replied .
' The record company 's given us the dosh , so let 's just do it anyway . '
" Afterwards he told me , ' I 've learned one thing from you and it's that , with enough neck , you can get away with murder . ' "
MALCOLM MCLAREN AND THE BOOTZILLA ORCHESTRA - WALTZ DARLING ( 1989 ) Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
By the end of the 1980s , McLaren 's commercial sensibilities were beginning to fade .
His Waltz Darling album , which incorporated funk , disco , orchestral music and spoken verse , only made it to number 30 in the charts - but one element showed the svengali could still spot a burgeoning dancefloor trend .
Album track Deep
In Vogue was about a dance craze sweeping New York 's gay clubs in which participants would strike poses as if they were in a fashion shoot .
But it took Madonna to popularise the craze - with her hit single , Vogue , coming a year later .
McLaren had finally gone head - to - head with an artist who had a better grasp of publicity than he did .
Madonna performing Vogue at the MTV Awards Typically , McLaren claimed the pop megastar had stolen his idea .
" I found myself on the same bill as Madonna at some Greenpeace concert and I remember her watching my dancers voguing from the side of the stage , " he said .
" A few weeks later she had stolen all my dancers , brought out her own single and carried it over into the mainstream .
The cheek of her ! "
The impresario's future career was filled with glorious musical experiments and excursions into film - but nothing ever quite equalled his glory days with the Sex Pistols .
" It is not a question of peaking .
It is just very hard to top it , " he told the Arts and Book review in one of his final interviews last November .
" Everything begins to look very small in comparison - unless you come to terms with the idea that small is beautiful you could be traumatised by that . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“ Fortune favors the bold . ”
“ Measure twice , cut once . ”
Taken in the general sense , both of these nuggets of folk wisdom are applicable in a multitude of situations .
But in a way , they contradict each other .
Should I just go for it or should I mull it over first ?
Should I take the contemplative or impulsive approach ?
The thoughtful or the assertive one ?
Careful reasoning or intuition ?
Like so many other interesting questions , the answer to this one is “ Well , it depends . ”
Obviously , if you have plenty of time to think about something , you might as well make use of that time to make sure you make the optimal decision , and if you have very little time , you have no choice but to react instinctively .
But there can be other dimensions to the problem .
For example , how difficult it would be to atone for a wrong decision .
It ’s generally a good idea to think long and hard before burning any bridges .
Furthermore , some situations degrade over time , meaning the sooner you make the decision , the better off you ’ll be , but you still do n’t want to make the wrong decision under all this pressure .
Deciding between the contemplative and intuitive approach is in itself a decision that that can be made using either the contemplative or intuitive approach .
And so can that decision .
Sadly , it ’s turtles all the way down .
So what can we conclude from all of this ?
Not all decisions can be made the way a computer would make them , or your stack will surely overflow .
The best I can come up with is to develop a heuristic , play it by ear , and learn from your mistakes .
Try to strike a balance between the two approaches .
The contemplative approach is usually safer , but overuse it and many a golden opportunity will simply zoom past while you ’re too busy in your own head .
There ’s a time and a place for noodling , but not when an attractive stranger is making eyes at you from across the room .
Carl Finamore ’s report from S.E.I.U.’s civil trial against a California break - away union .
by Carl Finamore
30 Mar 2010 | truthout
The quiet decorum of a courtroom is a far cry from a union hall .
But in San Francisco , it is precisely in a federal court where an extremely crucial and unprecedented debate is taking place that may fundamentally alter how much democratic control members exercise over local union chapters .
The 1.8 million - member Service Employees International Union ( S.E.I.U. ) has brought a $ 25 million lawsuit alleging breach of fiduciary responsibilities under both national and state laws and for violations of the S.E.I.U. constitution against 26 former elected officers , staff and organizers of their third - largest national unit , the 150,000 - member United Healthcare Workers - West ( U.H.W . ) .
The 26 defendants are currently supporters of a new union , the National Union of Healthcare Workers ( N.U.H.W. ) which is also being sued .
During the first week of the trial , both sides presented opening statements and S.E.I.U. then began presenting its testimony .
Early this week , plaintiffs will rest their case and the 26 defendants will get their chance in front of the nine - person jury .
S.E.I.U. claims the defendants “ sabotaged our union , misused our dues money , and deliberately and directly harmed members . ”
Is it unlawful for locally elected union leaders to vigorously defend their members even when in sharp conflict with the international union ?
This is the real issue posed .
Allegations of fiduciary malfeasance only shroud widely differing concepts of union democracy .
In that sense , this is fundamentally a political trial and not about misappropriation of funds .
It all started a few years ago when U.H.W. expressed disagreement with the international union ’s proposal to unilaterally remove 65,000 long - term health care workers from the local without the approval of these affected workers .
Opposition began to particularly fester because S.E.I.U. President Andy Stern sought to transfer these U.H.W. members into a local headed by his close ally , Tyrone Freeman , who was widely known to be corrupt and ineffective at improving workers ’ wages and benefits .
Actually , Freeman is now under criminal investigation by federal authorities and has been removed from office .
Nonetheless , S.E.I.U. international officers ultimately pushed through their proposal by taking over the local and eliminating the opposition — the local U.H.W. constitution was suspended and all elected officers removed .
It was actively opposing these actions of the international , the defendants claim , that they are guilty of and nothing more .
If S.E.I.U. is successful in inflicting these incredibly onerous financial damages on local union officials , it will obviously have an enormously chilling effect on future local union deliberations .
A multimillion - dollar lawsuit is enough to make even the strongest local leader a little jittery about taking on international officials .
Corporate Model vs. Democracy
Countering arguments made by S.E.I.U. attorneys in their March 22 opening statement to the jury , defense counsel Dan Siegel shot back by asserting that “ a local union is not the same as a corporate branch of Bank of America ” .
He is correct .
In the corporate world , headquarters dictates to the branches so that the product retains uniformity from top to bottom .
Everyone toes the line and everything is the same , from the size of each burger to the amount of ketchup splattered on each bun .
But unions deal with people , not products or brands .
Each local union affiliated with a national union also retains its own democratically approved bylaws .
Each local , as a result , is constitutionally responsible for defending the interests of its respective members who elect and pay salaries of local officers .
Each local is , therefore , a distinct unit of the larger national organization , much as states operate within a federal structure .
“ This is a case unique in U.S. history , ” Siegel told me in an interview .
“ An international union brought a lawsuit against union activists based upon actions they took as elected leaders of their local . ”
Defendants openly acknowledge that the U.H.W. 100 - member executive board did in fact vote , often unanimously , to devote local resources against threats by the International union to shift long - term health care workers out of their local .
Later , as the dispute escalated , the fight melded into opposing attempts by the international union to impose the trusteeship or direct control over the local .
S.E.I.U. Loses Ground
However , in a stunning development , S.E.I.U. attorneys were actually forced to admit in court , under direct questioning from U.S. District Court Judge William Alsup , that none of this was illegal .
The judge also admonished these same attorneys while the jury was out of the courtroom that “ You are being too greedy ! ”
He was referring to the outlandish damage claims against the defendants .
The plaintiffs were forced to concede ground .
In an attempt to save face , they dropped many of their accusations and substantially lowered their damage claims from $ 25 million to around $ 5 million — all in just the first week of trial .
They now allege , with growing difficulty , that the prolonged fight against trusteeship was all a big charade to cover up the real motives of the defendants , which were to misappropriate funds and resources to build a new union .
But absolutely no evidence has been produced by S.E.I.U. lawyers that points to any stolen property or financial irregularities and , as Siegel emphasized in his opening , “ There is absolutely no evidence that any of the 26 defendants spent one nickel of UHW money to form the new union , National Union of Healthcare Workers [ N.U.H.W. ] . ”
Defense attorneys insist that all 26 worked legitimately within U.H.W. democratic structures to fight the trusteeship and , in fact , building the new union did not begin , they argue , until after the defendants had resigned from U.H.W .
For example , they cite a January 26 , 2009 , letter , on the eve of trusteeship , from then - U.H.W.
President Sal Rosselli and the entire executive board that indicates genuine intentions to remain within the union .
Rosselli ’s letter urges SEIU International President Andy Stern to once again consider allowing a vote by the 65,000 U.H.W. long - term health care workers on whether they wanted to remain in U.H.W. or whether they wanted to join a new separate S.E.I.U. home care unit as the international union insisted .
Rosselli and the executive board pledged to remain inside U.H.W. and abide by the membership vote regardless of its outcome .
Stern rejected this proposal and imposed trusteeship the very next day , on January 27 .
Rosselli and the executive board were immediately suspended from office .
Even more compelling evidence came from one of the plaintiffs ’ main witnesses who corroborated critical defense arguments .
S.E.I.U. witness Leon Chow , an administrative vice president of U.H.W. and head of their San Francisco office during the time in question , was a leading supporter of the local ’s fight against trusteeship .
He now has been rehired by S.E.I.U. into his former U.H.W. leadership position after apparently changing his mind .
Nonetheless ,
Chow testified under cross examination that he never heard about forming the new union , N.U.H.W. , until January 28 , 2009 , one day after the international took control of U.H.W..
This obviously refutes claims that plans to build N.U.H.W. occurred over an extended period and that U.H.W. funds and resources were used to build the new union .
Chow also testified under cross examination that he never heard of any plans to disrupt the functioning of the local in anticipation of the international taking over the local and that he believed that all the actions by U.H.W. leaders prior to the trusteeship were legal , lawful and in the interests of the membership , the sole purpose being to resist a takeover of their union .
Slanders Outside the Courtroom
Other inflammatory S.E.I.U. charges were never even mentioned in the first week of trial .
Despite widely circulated S.E.I.U. slanders that the defendants were thieves and criminals , absolutely no accusations have been made in court that any of the 26 personally benefited from allegations of financial irregularities .
Yet , S.E.I.U. continues to spread scandalous rumors in what critics call a “ character assassination campaign . ”
Rosselli , now a leader of N.U.H.W. , tells of being warmly embraced at work sites by surprised U.H.W. members because “ we heard you all were going to jail on March 22 . ”
This is not the usual international union trusteeship displacing corrupt local officials and S.E.I.U. has not had the audacity to make such claims in open court .
On the contrary , the underlying issue of the trial is to punish those who democratically and lawfully utilized U.H.W. resources to strenuously oppose policies of their international officers and who , subsequently , exercised their legal right to form a new union .
The lawsuit sends a threatening message throughout the union , but in particular to the 700,000 members in California , where S.E.I.U. feels most vulnerable to the example of 26 U.H.W. leaders who resisted bureaucratic intervention into their local union .
It is said that clarity emerges the victor when an idea is challenged and submitted to critical examination .
We shall see that theory tested after the next two weeks of trial when the jury renders its verdict , due around April 9 .
But certainly we can say with confidence that the court of public opinion has already voted against S.E.I.U. ’s heavy - handed tactics against U.H.W. , formerly one of the country ’s most democratic and militant unions .
We can also say with confidence that the issues being argued by plaintiffs ’ high - priced attorneys would have been better served if S.E.I.U. President Andy Stern had allowed an organized democratic discussion and debate among the 65,000 long - term health care workers of U.H.W .
Instead , all the discussion has been compressed into one small courtroom , where 26 dedicated union activists await their fate .
Carl Finamore is a retired president of a Northern California local air transportation union and frequent contributor to ZNet .
RELATED : S.E.I.U. Squeezes Workers Who Want to Organize ( Little Alex )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Two daughters made pregnant 18 times over a 25 - year period by their father have received an apology from the agencies who failed to protect them .
The apology was made at a news conference that revealed the findings of a serious case review .
The Sheffield man , who cannot be named , was given a life sentence after admitting 25 counts of rape in 2008 .
The review found missed opportunities and collective failures to protect the children over three decades .
It was carried out by safeguarding children boards in Sheffield and Lincolnshire and acknowledged the family had contact with 28 different agencies and 100 members of staff over 35 years , including police , doctors , nurses and social workers .
We are genuinely sorry .
We should have protected you
Chris Cook , Lincolnshire Safeguarding Children Board Sue Fiennes , independent chair of Sheffield Safeguarding Children Board , said : " We want to apologise to the family at the heart of this case .
It will be clear that we have failed this family . "
Chris Cook , independent chair of Lincolnshire Safeguarding Children Board , said : " We are genuinely sorry .
We should have protected you . "
He added : " We must remember that people 's lives were devastated both by a controlling , power - obsessed and deviant father and our failure to act . "
The serious case review showed the family moved 67 times so the father could avoid detection .
Professor Pat Cantrill , independent report author of the serious case review , said opportunities " were missed individually and collectively " .
The man 's son described him to the BBC as " a big , big bully "
Rapist father ' terrorised family '
Timeline : Rapist father case " The inquiries that were identified should have resulted in the children being taken to a place of safety but that did not occur . "
Ms Cantrill said authorities had difficulties dealing with issues arising from this case .
" For some professionals , I honestly believe they got quite stuck around this situation .
They did n't know how to handle it . "
The report divided the family 's experiences into three time segments - two in Sheffield and one in Lincolnshire - between 1975 and 2008 .
It revealed schools , hospitals and ambulance staff all raised concerns about the family .
On 23 separate occasions from 1998 to 2005 the daughters were specifically asked about the paternity of their children by various people .
But the report found that despite concerns , nothing was done as professionals felt that , as there was no evidence to prove it , there was nothing they could do .
How could this happen ?
Alison Holt , social affairs correspondent
This family was not hidden from view , as today 's report makes abundantly clear .
Instead professional after professional had suspicions about the hell these children endured , yet the most common action was to have a quiet word .
For decades the system for safeguarding children has emphasised the importance of keeping families together .
When it works the benefits are clear , but some experts say the threshold for taking children from dysfunctional parents is too high too often .
It 's a problem seen in many other reports into cases , the most recent major case being that of Baby Peter .
The issues raised include professionals being over - optimistic about parents , not focusing on the child , not sharing information and lacking confidence to act .
The authorities say services have changed and now the victims in this family would be better protected .
But in this case the mistakes have been made over 35 years , spanning many changes in policies .
Ms Fiennes said : " Professionals felt - wrongly - that , despite suspicions voiced by the other family members , they could not act unless they had a direct disclosure from the women themselves .
" It was plainly unrealistic to expect victims in these harrowing circumstances to disclose what has happened to them .
" There were collective failures , we all failed this family . "
Ms Cantrill said : " There 's no doubt about it , if some of the professionals had actually recognised their responsibilities and accountability ... they would have respectfully challenged people about their approach to management of this case . "
She added : " It only really needed one person with tenacity to actually keep pushing and pushing this and we might have had early recognition and action been taken . "
The press conference was told that nobody had been disciplined , sacked or had resigned over the failings .
Dr Sonia Sharp , executive director of Children and Young People 's Services on Sheffield City Council , said : " What is very clear in this case is there is not a single big omission or big act that we can say ' Yes , it was that person ' .
" What we can see , systematically , is time after time after time there were groups of people that failed to take action . "
The father was 56 at the time of his sentencing at Sheffield Crown Court .
The judge , Alan Goldsack QC , said the case was the worst he had seen in 40 years .
Attacks on the victims led to 18 pregnancies .
Nine of the children were born , two of whom died on the day of their birth .
The rest of the pregnancies were miscarried or aborted .
The abuse started when the women were pre-pubescent , and they were badly beaten if they failed to comply .
The father 's minimum jail term of 19 - and - a- half years was cut to 14 - and - a- half years at the Court of Appeal in May 2009 .
The executive summary makes 128 recommendations - including eight national recommendations - for improving understanding , practice , procedures and training on interfamilial abuse .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
With millions of apps on the Play Store , searching for the best among them is daunting .
Whether you need a great weather app or a new tool to speed up your productivity , there are always dozens available .
We ’ve spent hours curating the top Android apps for every purpose and compiled only the best of them into one list .
Jump to section :
Over the years , some titles have been dropped from this list , as they are overshadowed by new contenders or fall behind in updates or features .
Newer , better apps have taken their place .
Yet , some apps still hang on to the top spot tenaciously .
To create a little more space for new blood , we asked our editorial staff which new apps changed their lives in 2019 .
Here 's what stood out :
Google Trips
Recommended by David McCourt
The Trips app has been around for a while but has Google rolled out a huge update that dramatically improved this app for me .
It pulls information from Maps , Flights , Hotels and Gmail - there are times when the all - seeing , all - knowing Google data gathering machine is useful - to give you tailored holiday plans .
The app will even save old trips for taking a trip down memory lane ! / © NextPit
What I love about the app is how well curated all of the information is .
You really can manage your whole trip from one place - getting an overview of your reservations , providing lists of things to do , as well as information about getting around your destination .
You can also download your destinations so that you can access all features offline .
Period Tracker Flo , Pregnancy & Ovulation Calendar
Recommended by Silvia Santos
This period tracking app is really easy to use .
Simple and clear .
It only offers the essential information and it does n't bother you with notifications .
You enter your period dates and if you want - and for a better analysis of your symptoms - share information about how you feel ( mood , sexual activity , exercise , sleep ... ) with the app .
It offers you related articles with useful facts you need to know more about , in order to improve living with your period .
They also dispel some menstruation myths .
Flo helps with periods , fertility and general wellness .
/ © NextPit ( screenshot )
When you open the app , you receive information on which phase you are in ( ovulation and so on ) and it also offers you info about how likely you are to get pregnant .
So aside from your period , it is also a good app if you are trying for a baby , informing you about your most fertile days .
Getting around urban environments is increasingly becoming a struggle with growing populations and crowded public transport networks .
Fortunately , there are a couple of brilliant apps that make getting from A to B an absolute breeze .
Uber
Who still takes regular taxis ?
Ride - hauling apps such as Uber and Lyft have revolutionized the way in which we move around our cities .
Hailing a cab has never been quicker , easier or cheaper .
Sure , Uber has had its problems with local governments and regulators , but you can't knock it as a service .
Bikes can be rented from the main Uber app . / © NextPit
What 's also cool for 2019 is Uber 's electric bicycle sharing system , JUMP .
The JUMP bikes can be rented directly from the existing Uber app .
There 's no need to sign up for a new account , and your existing Uber payment method can be used .
If the weather is nice , why not ride the route yourself !
JUMP is only available in select regions at the moment but will be rolling out to more cities in 2019 and 2020 .
Smartphones are used for messaging even more than for calls , so there are a lot of messaging apps to meet this demand .
Here are two of our favorites .
WhatsApp
WhatsApp , the ubiquitous chat app , has been installed on over one billion smartphones .
It 's always improving user experience , adding new features and becoming more secure .
What makes it number one ?
Everyone uses it , simple as that .
If you already use WhatsApp , then you should check out our favorite WhatsApp tips and tricks .
Telegram
No messaging app comes close to the number of users WhatsApp has , but there are some great alternatives out there .
Telegram is one of them .
The free app has end - to - end encryption , offers group chats and is a pioneer of chatbots .
Unlike some other messengers , you can also use it on multiple devices .
Read our full review of Telegram here .
Telegram : a powerful communication tool .
/ © NextPit
Typing on mobile can be frustrating or awkward for many of us , and that 's a shame because most users do n't think about ditching their default keyboard .
Installing a new keyboard can really change your life when it comes to how comfortable you are using your phone .
Fleksy
This keyboard is one of the best for fast , accurate typing .
Once you use it for a couple of hours , you realize how useful some of the smaller details are .
Be sure check out some of the extensions like invisible keyboard too — it works surprisingly well .
Download it from the Play Store for free now .
Fleksy is primed for use with two thumbs on bigger phones , if that 's your thing .
/ © NextPit
SwiftKey
If you are looking for a very special virtual keyboard for Android , you will find one here .
SwiftKey works wonderfully with tablets , and if you simply want a good Android keyboard , it offers intuitive operation , very good spell checking and word recognition .
There are plenty of great weather apps available .
Some are more accurate and better looking than the ones that come pre-installed on your Android device , so they are worth checking out .
Today Weather
One of the simplest weather apps and one of the cleanest in terms of user interface - Today Weather .
It 's a new offering that really impressed us this year .
The app pulls weather data from a source of your choice .
Options include popular services such as Weather Underground , AccuWeather and Dark Sky .
You can also set alerts to let you know when it is going to rain or if you 'd just like a daily update in the morning .
Today Weather can pull data for multiple cities and has a lot of detail .
/ © NextPit
Weather Underground
Weather Underground is an app specialized in tracking hyper-local weather and temperatures in your area .
It uses its own network of around 180,000 private weather stations to achieve this .
Predictions have a good record of accuracy and warn you of rain in the surrounding area .
Weather Underground even has advice for your hobbies and activities .
/ © NextPit
Weather Underground is free of charge , but displays ads .
This can be deactivated for one year through a $ 1.99 in - app purchase .
PhotoDirector
PhotoDirector is the whole package .
It has everything you could possibly need to edit your photos .
The tools range from simple text bubbles and filters , to more complex things , such as HSL and curves .
They 're all heavily adjustable , helping you get the best out of your photos .
PhotoDirector 's array of features is impressive , to say the least .
/ © NextPit
Snapseed
Snapseed is Google 's own photo editing app and basically comes with everything , for free .
It offers all sorts of filters and optimization tools .
Whether trimming , applying filters or correcting colors , Snapseed offers a powerful picture editor for your needs .
Snapseed also saves your pictures in a separate folder - that way you do n't need to modify the original image .
Apps like Dropbox or Google Photos can also be synchronized with Snapseed .
Snapseed screenshots .
/ © NextPit
Downloading free music
Google Play Music is our favorite app for downloading free music right now .
It provides a totally legit , ever - changing list of free tracks from major artists to download .
Spotify has an excellent paid subscription service , and SoundCloud has a multitude of tracks readily available to stream .
However , for actually downloading tracks to your phone , Google Play Music is as good as you can get .
Best music player
While the default music apps on your Android device probably do a fine job , if you want to crank up the bass or other aspects of your music , you 'll need something more .
We recommend Poweramp .
It ’s a great way to enjoy your favorite music , with a ton of options and support for almost any type of file .
You ca n’t go wrong with it .
With themes galore , Poweramp can be whatever you want it to be .
Just grab a new skin ASAP .
/ © NextPit
Netflix
You cannot compile a list of the best apps for movies and TV without mentioning Netflix .
The service is a social and cultural phenomenon , and the Netflix app is really rather decent .
The selection is enormous and the streaming quality is excellent .
The biggest advantage of it has over its rivals , however , is the ever - increasing selection of exclusive content and Netflix Originals movies and TV shows .
You 'll need a paid account to watch though , of course .
Hulu
Hulu is an excellent app for watching movies and TV shows for free on Android .
It 's a free service that relies on ads , but there are some great shows available .
You need to pay a subscription fee to access all of the content , but there is a range of excellent shows available without a subscription , including classic comedies such as Family Guy , Seinfeld and South Park .
Crackle
Crackle is a hugely popular free app , which is updated monthly with new TV shows and movies .
Created by Grouper but later bought by Sony , the app features ads which run at regular intervals throughout the content .
The trade - off is that you get an excellent selection of media and a well - maintained app .
Crackle , like Netflix or Amazon , has picked up some original content that 's getting more popular .
Sophos Free Antivirus and Security
Sophos consistently ranks high on watchdogs such as AV - Test .
In addition to perfect protection , it offers a varied feature set .
The highlight : the app is totally free , even from ads ( Sophos makes its money from business customers ) .
Malware protection is based on an online database that also checks the reputation of individual apps and recommends alternatives .
Sophos offers a range of features but does n't overload your device .
/ © NextPit
The app also includes theft protection .
It allows you to remotely control your smartphone by SMS from other phone numbers you specify .
Child protection filters , call blockers and device encryption complete the package .
Of all the antivirus apps out there , Sophos stands out as the best deal for most users .
Malwarebytes Anti-Malware
Malwarebytes is a free app that does one job really well - protecting your phone from malware - and it does so with a bloat - free , minimalist interface and well - chosen options .
As well as offering malware detection , there 's also a handy privacy audit feature that scans apps installed on your phone and breaks them down into different categories .
This allows you to get a simple and quick overview of all the apps on your phone .
Malwarebytes focuses on doing one job well .
/ © NextPit
Action Launcher
Launchers offer a simple way to customize the look and feel of your Android phone .
They often combine new icons , a new app drawer layout , a fresh homescreen and a change of wallpaper to make your device fit a certain style or theme .
You have to try them out to appreciate how fun they can be .
The one we recommend right now is Action Launcher .
This is a free and excellent introduction to launchers because it provides clear and intuitive interface changes without adding so many options that it becomes off - putting .
The latest edition brings many of the best features of the Google Pixel launcher and Android Pie to any compatible ( Android 5 + ) smartphone .
Being rich does NOT buy coolness ... This video is proof .
People rarely talk about iPhone app piracy , but when they do , it sounds devastating : 90 % piracy rates , $ 450 million in lost sales , etc .
Here 's the truth : App Store piracy is n't a big deal — and it never will be .
Advertisement
With these shockingly high reports comes the general air that developers are being marauded and pillaged by Viking hordes and that Apple is n't doing enough to stop it .
This resonates !
Developers do n't control much about the App Store , so if the entire app protection system has been cracked — which it has — you'd expect the looting to be wholesale ; the impact on developers to be immediate and devastating ; and the problem to be grave indeed .
Advertisement
And yet the piracy issue seems to be dying .
The story behind the lack of a story , it turns out , is that iPhone piracy is nowhere near as serious as many people say it is , and that before long , it may not be a problem at all .
How It Works
It 's tough to talk about iPhone app piracy without tacitly endorsing it .
The mere mention of DRM cracking methods and application sources is — or rather , was — enough to send people looking , and presumably , stealing .
But look at the piracy subscene today reveals that , like the jailbreak scene it 's a part of , it 's just not the same as it used to be .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Kicking off your career in app theft is n't too hard , and it 'll only take a few minutes of Googling to get the full instructions .
Still , I 'll keep this as abstract as possible .
Here 's how you do it :
• Jailbreak your iPhone or iPod
• Open Cydia , the jailbreak equivalent of the App Store , and add a particular download source that is n't part of the default lineup
• Download two apps :
One that lets you crack apps you 've purchased for the benefit of others ; and another that lets you install cracked applications yourself
• Download cracked apps to your heart 's content , from various sources around the internet
Advertisement
At the peak , there were sites that aggregated huge numbers of download links together into an easily browsable website , which meant that once your phone was cracked , you could tap through these websites like you 'd browse the App Store — links to the latest apps were plentiful , and you could snag that game you just read about on Gizmodo within a day or so , tops .
Advertisement
The most popular of these sites , called Appulo.us , disappeared just last month , leaving pirates without a centralized resource for apps .
Soon , torrent sites and carbon copied link - dumps picked up the slack , at least for people dedicated and savvy enough to find them .
So , yeah , piracy is alive , to be sure .
But how serious is it ?
The Problem
I wanted to find out how bad piracy was , so I went straight to the developers .
I started with the types of apps I thought would be least vulnerable , just to set a baseline : Productivity apps .
The verdict ?
Yes !
Piracy happens !
Advertisement
" Roughly 10 % of our paid app users are coming from piracy . "
That 's Guy Goldstein , CEO of PageOnce , the company behind Personal Assistant , a top - selling organizational app .
This is pretty stunning , if you think about it .
Personal Assistant is available in a fairly full - featured free version , and as useful as it is , it 's not the most glamourous of apps — it's a utility , not a flashy game .
The paid version tracks a little high for a productivity app , at $ 7 , but not matter how you slice it , Personal Assistant is n't the most obvious target for piracy .
Nor , apparently , is it a serious victim : " Although i think piracy is generally bad and negatively effects companies , for us it 's not big issue — our business model is based on purchasing , but also advertising .
The more users we have , the better . "
Right , so piracy is happening here , but it does n't really matter .
Let 's move onto the people who you 'd really expect to be getting ripped off .
I contacted TomTom , whose navigation apps start above $ 50 .
They were cagey .
Cagey and brief :
TomTom takes piracy very seriously .
Per corporate policy , we do not disclose information about our ongoing efforts to disrupt software theft .
Advertisement
So I moved on to their direct competitor , Navigon , whose MobileNavigator North America app runs $ 90 :
Navigon is well aware of hacked iPhone Apps .
As with any other software , it is only a question of time when applications are being hacked and distributed illegally .
There 's no security mechanism available to prevent this 100 % .
Since hacking of additional application functions , which are available through Apple 's In App Purchase mechanism , is more difficult , this helps to better secure Apps from software piracy .
Our legal department is watching this very thoroughly and Navigon will fight piracy with all legal means .
Advertisement
Less cagey , and more ragey .
But this is an official position — a conversation with a Navigon rep left me with the impression that while they do n't condone piracy , obviously , it was n't exactly the Issue of the Day .
Ripe targets that they are , nav companies do n't seem to be losing sleep over this .
Which leaves the game developers .
What apps are more pirateable than games ?
They 're shiny , they 're extremely popular , and they 're often expensive .
Surely the EAs and Gamelofts of the world are the hardest hit , right ?
Advertisement
On record , they basically clammed up .
Off the record , though , they were a bit more free .
A rep from one of the largest studios — you 've probably played one of their games if you have an iPhone — told me " It happens , but I do n't think it 's that big of an issue . "
I could n't coax out any specific stats , but in relation to total sales , piracy figures are " small . "
Advertisement
In fact , it was hard to come by hard piracy figures from any major developers , but one thing is certain :
The occasionally reported 50 % + piracy rates are rare among major developers .
And overwhelmingly , major devs are underwhelmed by the problem .
So , where are all the pirates ?
The Jailbreak Factor
Advertisement
Peter Farago , a VP at iPhone analytics firm Flurry — the guys who spotted the iPad in their logs days before it was announced — track roughly one out of every five apps purchased from the App Store , and their software runs deep :
Though it does n't collect individualized personal data , it can tell if a device running a tracked app is jailbroken or not .
In other words , Flurry knows exactly how many of the millions of devices its tracked apps are installed on are jailbroken .
Take a guess .
Advertisement
It 's ... as low as you might expect .
Lower , even .
" Under 10 % of the iPhone installed base is jailbroken . "
Just to make this clear , a company that at any given time is tracking five out of the top ten most downloaded apps in the App Store is detecting a jailbreak rate of under 10 % .
Less than one out of ten , and often significantly less .
The figure tends to bottom out at just above 5 % after every time Apple issues a software upgrade , slowly creeping back up to previous levels as the Dev Team and the like issue updates to the jailbreak software .
Bear in mind , jailbreaking is a prerequisite for app piracy , but not every jailbreaker is running even one pirated app .
Start peeling off the people who jailbreak just to enable multitasking or Wi-Fi tethering , or to skin their iPhone , or just to see what all the fuss is about , and " under 10 % " starts to looks even slimmer .
Advertisement
Given the state of jailbreaking , I find these numbers easy to believe .
Back in 2007 , before there was an App Store , jailbreaking was as easy as opening a website in Mobile Safari .
Today , it 's a bit more difficult , and depending on which iPhone you have , sometimes impossible .
( Late model 3 GSers are stuck with a tethered jailbreak , for example . )
And Farago says it 's always under siege : " There 's a cycle that exists , but basically , it 's this kind of thing that happens — every time there 's an OS swap , it goes away for a while , " dipping by " a few percent " before creeping back up to previous levels .
Now , I do n't want to play down these numbers , because even a tiny percentage of a user base as large as the iPhone 's is enough to throw a developers ' pirated / paid stats out of whack — this can happen , and cases in which pirated downloads exceed paid downloads have been documented — but such stats are misleading .
Without even having to speculate about what percentage of pirates would have otherwise purchased the app , they represent a small portion of the app - buying population .
In such small numbers , jailbreakers simply can't screw a developer over , except in those rare cases in which the developer has to pay significant continuing costs to deliver data and services once an app is installed .
Even then , Flurry finds that pirated apps are often launched just a handful of times after they 're downloaded .
Advertisement
With the App Store offering most — though not all — of what the jailbreak scene used to provide , cracking your phone , going through the trouble of ducking regular upgrades and enduring the constant fear of rendering your phones permanently useless just is n't that attractive anymore .
To be a pirate right now , you really have to want to be a pirate .
This is n't Napster .
This is Usenet .
And pirates are n't potential customers .
They 're pirates .
Why Developers Don't Care
At first I found many developers ' silence on the issue curious .
But after talking to a few , and finding out the scale of the problem , it makes sense :
An app developer has nothing to gain by taking their fight public — Apple is clearly aware of the issue , and it's not like you can somehow convince hardcore pirates to start paying for all the dozens of apps they steal , because they were never going to buy them in the first place .
To these people they 're literally just free samples , and are most frequently treated as such .
Developers do have something to lose , be it investor confidence ( a lot of studios are heavily funded by VCs , who probably do n't want to hear about any theft problems ) , a relationship with Apple ( who would most likely prefer that developers discussed app DRM cracking and piracy privately ) , or the goodwill of the public , who are n't usually going to feel sympathy for a company anyway .
Advertisement
Most importantly , if developers do have a problem with piracy — say that , like PageOnce , they found themselves prominently featured on one of the more popular pirated app repositories — they can do something about it .
When an app is cracked , that is to say that its DRM has been stripped , and the app has been reduced to an unprotect .IPA file , ready for sideloading through a jailbreak utility .
But in the middle of 2009 , Apple introduced a system by which app developers could sell services or add - ons from within their apps .
This was good way for paid apps to extend their profitability , and the in - app purchases were effectively unpirateable .
Advertisement
Then , in October , Apple changed the rules :
In - app purchases were allowed in free applications as well , meaning that developers could provide free trial apps that could be upgraded to full versions by way of in - app purchases .
Popular apps could consolidate their free and paid versions into one app , and in the process , make piracy nearly impossible .
( Update : But not quite )
After all , what 's the point in cracking and bootlegging an app anyone can get for free ?
Apple even says as much ( albeit with no lack of redundancy ) : " Using In App Purchase in your app can also help combat some of the problems of software piracy by allowing you to verify In App Purchases . "
Advertisement
Ngmoco took their fight against piracy public last year , quoting impressively high unauthorized download figures during new apps ' first days in the app store .
Today , nearly their entire product lineup is based on on the in - app upgrade model .
And even after the transition , Ngmoco insists that piracy was n't the motivating factor in their switch .
In an interview with TouchArcade , it was the massively high download rates for free apps , vs paid apps , that lured Ngmoco toward in - app purchases .
The elimination of piracy was a pleasant side effect , at best .
Advertisement
The moral of the story for developers ?
If you think you have a problem with piracy , you probably do n't .
If you still think you have a problem with piracy , you can stamp it out .
Simple as that .
In - app purchases change the way developers market and sell their apps , and just as much , the way we consume them .
Downloading a single app and then purchasing expansions for it is a superficially different procedure than downloading a free trial followed by a full app , or just taking a risk on a full app in the first place .
But the way in which your transaction happens is different , too .
Advertisement
When you buy an iPhone app , it can be synced to multiple devices , as long as said devices are authorized on your iPhone account — the cap here if five , but that 's enough to share amongst your family or friends , or to enable an easy transition from an old iPhone to a new one .
In - app purchases , however , do n't work the same way , at all .
Here 's what Apple says about syncing in - app purchases across devices :
• Consumable products must be purchased each time the user needs that item .
For example , one - time services are commonly implemented as consumable products .
•
Nonconsumable products are purchased only once by a particular user .
Once a nonconsumable product is purchased , it is provided to all devices associated with that user 's iTunes account .
Store Kit provides built - in support to restore nonconsumable products on multiple devices .
• Subscriptions share attributes of consumable and nonconsumable products .
Like a consumable product , a subscription may be purchased multiple times ; this allows you to implement your own renewal mechanism in your application .
However , subscriptions must be provided on all devices associated with a user .
In App Purchase expects subscriptions to be delivered through an external server that you provide .
You must provide the infrastructure to deliver subscriptions to multiple devices .
Advertisement
Problem is , this is n't how it works right now .
In - app goods are sold on a strict per-device basis , because the only user information available to developers is the device identifier , not the account identifier .
As it stands , when you buy something by way of an in - app purchase , it applies to your phone only , and not all the registered devices — iPhones and iPod Touches — on your iTunes account .
Maybe that 's no big deal now , but when the iPad arrives , this might become a problem .
Pirates ... From the FUTURE
App piracy today may not be a massive factor in the App Store economy , but it would be wrong to characterize it as nothing .
It does exist , and to a developer who makes money selling apps , even one illegally downloaded app is one too many .
Still , looking forward , this issue is clearing up almost completely :
• iPhone app piracy is already low , and is n't on the rise in any meaningful way
• The latest iPhone 3GS has proven very difficult to jailbreak , and Apple seems to be actively thwarting efforts with each baseband / software release
• In - app purchasing is coming of age , and effectively eliminates piracy
Advertisement
If you want to call the iPhone pirate a species , he would be an endangered one ; if you want to call the jailbreak scene a subculture , it would be passé ; if you want to call app piracy a problem , it would be more nuisance than crisis .
Apple 's pending extermination of piracy is great news for developers , but for users , it 'll come at a cost .
And for want of an example as to why , this post could n't come at a better time , with Apple purging " offensive " apps from its official store — increasingly be the only place for iPhone owners to download apps .
If Apple wants to be the only provider of apps ( and they do ! ) then they need to be held to a high standard of transparency and consistency , which — trust us — they 're nowhere near meeting .
Yesterday , President Obama issued a memorandum expanding the rights of patients in hospitals that receive federal funding ( which would be just about all of them ) .
Patients can now designate their own visitors rather than having them restricted to immediate family .
Say you ’re gay couple that ’s not legally married , now your partner has full visitation rights .
Say you ’re living in a city far away from family , now your best friend or roommate has full visitation rights .
This .
Is. A. Good .
Thing .
Unless you ’re a fanatic religious a__hole :
J.P. Duffy , vice president for communications at the Family Research Council , said Obama was pandering to a radical special interest group .
“ There are many other ways to deal with this issue , whether through health care proxy or power of attorney , through private contractual arrangements .
We have no problem with those situations , ” Duffy said .
“ But the fact here is this is undermining the definition of marriage . ”
Obama is n’t undermining the definition of marriage ( although I wish he would push to have it broadened to gay couples ) .
Instead his latest move allows patients to define who they want with them while they face tough and possibly life - threatening times in a hospital .
Mr. Duffy from the Family Research Council would rather make that decision for you to satisfy his own vile and bigoted political goals .
Seriously , what an a__hole .
Would you like fries ( or onion rings or chicken tenders ) with that ?
From an interesting group email exchange among some Serious Eaters late last night .
From : J. Kenji Lopez - Alt ,
4/12/2010 , 11:48 p.m .
Subject : Wait a minute ... did KFC reinvent the wheel ?
Just had an epiphany ... KFC 's double down : Chicken breaded and fried to a golden brown , stuffed with cheese and cured pork .
Chicken Cordon Bleu : Chicken breaded and fried to a golden brown , stuffed with cheese and cured pork .
I suppose adding the Colonel 's " secret sauce " makes it kinda new and a little more gross , but my question is , is KFC started serving Chicken Cordon Bleu , would people be freaking out in the same way ?
My guess is no .
From : Carey Jones ,
4/13/2010 , 12:23 a.m .
Brilliant .
Basically , yes .
Especially because ( on mine , at least ) the sauce did n't factor into the taste one bit .
Their genius moment was branding this thing as a sandwich .
" Chicken stuffed with bacon and cheese " is a little more attention - grabbing than your average KFC item .
" SANDWICH WITH FRIED CHICKEN AS BUN , " on the other hand , sounds like a radical fantastic creation à la the Fatty Melt .
It 's not just that it 's a product of bloggy hype , it 's pretty genius positioning to get that bloggy hype .
People like sandwiches , and they like crazy sandwiches more , even when said crazy sandwiches are n't sandwiches ...
From : Robyn Lee ,
4/12/2010 , 12:28 a.m .
And if this thing were actually on a bun , no one would care .. cos it'd just be a dumb double chicken patty sandwich .
DAMN YOU , MARKETING ... PEOPLE ..
And on that note , SE'r Cassaendra arrived at the same conclusion this morning in this comment :
I can't stand chicken cordon bleu because I do n't care for pork , chicken breasts , and cheese ... so this looks like just another rehash of that vile dish .
Only thing that could make it worse is if they used cilantro and onions . :)
I will , however , try a bite because I do n't like to pass up chances to try new things .
So there you have it , folks .
You 're basically eating chicken Cordon Bleu .
Related
Would You Eat the KFC Double Down ? » " ... We wanted this to be one of those bad - good foods that 's not good but an I - hope - nobody - sees - me - ordering - this pleasure foods .
It 's not , really .
It 's just some overly - seasoned chicken with an odd - tasting sauce and too much cheese inside , and the bacon was definitely not hanging over the sides as the ad portrayed .
We practically had to pull out tweezers to find it .... "
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
2010 Mahindra TR pickup
No , this is n't a headline dredged from Google News Archives .
Just today , the Georgia House passed a measure that ends an odd loophole allowing adults in pickup trucks — such as the Indian Mahindra pickup that 's soon expected from Georgia - based Global Vehicles — to legally eschew seatbelts .
The loophole had been carried over , year after year , unable to get through the legislature due to resistance from rural interests , and an anti-Big Brother sentiment .
That , despite American Automobile Association ( AAA ) estimates that about 20 deaths and 200 serious injuries could have been averted in the state each year with the requirement .
Belt use in pickups can reduce fatalities by 60 percent , according to NHTSA , and roughly 70 percent — a much higher percentage than for other types of vehicles — of those who died in pickup crashes were n't wearing a seatbelt .
The measure passed Georgia 's Senate already and will be signed by Governor Sonny Perdue .
Under the current law , minors in Georgia are already required to wear belts .
New Hampshire remains the only state with no requirement for adults to wear seatbelts .
Indiana also used to have an adult exception for pickups , but the state eliminated that in 2007 .
In the same whirlwind session , Georgia lawmakers passed bills to restrict texting by teens , though it remained unclear whether final versions would affect adults .
[ Washington Post ; Atlanta Journal - Constitution ]
Physicists are building a levitation chamber to suspend a drop of liquid in mid-air and watch its atoms as it cools into glass .
The machine should help clarify the mystery of glass , which is a puzzling state where matter is more like a liquid than a solid .
Physicists want to better understand what happens to the atoms in a material when it transitions from a liquid to a glass .
We often think of glass simply as the stuff that 's in our windows , but it 's actually a phase of matter , like a gas , a liquid or a solid .
All liquids can become glasses , but some more easily than others .
" We 've used glasses since 4,000 years ago in Mesopotamia , but we still do n’t understand the process – how it goes from a liquid to a glass , " said physicist Kenneth Kelton of Washington University in St. Louis .
" It 's one of the most interesting dynamical processes anywhere around . "
The liquids in this study are metals – such as titanium , zirconium , nickel , platinum and their alloys ( metals mixed with other elements ) .
If cooled down quickly enough , these too can form glasses instead of solids .
The key , though , is that they must be kept out of contact with other materials – such as a container – which make it even easier to settle into a solid and more difficult to become a glass .
So for this experiment , the liquid must be floating in a vacuum , not touching anything else .
That 's where the levitation chamber comes in .
Floating in mid-air
The $ 1.65 million Neutron Electrostatic Levitation Chamber ( NESL ) will be set up at Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Oak Ridge , Tenn .
Kelton , the team leader , and his colleagues Takeshi Egami of Oak Ridge and the University of Tennessee , Alan Goldman of Iowa State University , and Xun -li Wang of Oak Ridge , hope to have the device up and running in about three years .
The chamber will use electrodes to induce an electric charge on the surface of a drop of liquid .
Then an electromagnetic field will keep the drop hovering in one spot .
Another machine at Oak Ridge , called the Spallation Neutron Source , will produce beams of neutrons ( neutrally charged subatomic particles found in the nuclei of atoms ) to aim at the hovering drop .
The researchers plan to use neutrons as a stand - in for light , to create a kind of neutron microscope to study the liquid .
As the neutrons fly through the liquid drop , they can interact with the atoms in the droplet .
And when the neutrons emerge on the other side of the drop , they appear in a particular pattern depending on the arrangement of atoms in the liquid .
" This , we hope , will give us information on things that have never been studied in liquids , " Kelton said .
" If an atom is moving in a liquid , we can tell something about that motion from the way the neutrons come through . "
The metals , which exist as solids at room temperature , must be kept very hot to stay in liquid form .
The researchers plan to shine laser beams on the liquid samples to keep them heated , and then adjust the power of the lasers to adjust the temperature , cooling the liquids down to glass .
The physicists hope to compare the microscopic structure of the material in these different states to help pin down just what differentiates them .
" If we look at the difference in structure from a liquid to a glass , we can see a difference , but it 's very subtle , " Kelton told LiveScience .
" The question is , What 's different ?
What 's in a glass ?
A solid has a very organized structure where atoms are arranged in regular , repeating patterns like building blocks .
This structure stays relatively stable over time .
A liquid , on the other hand , is a jumble , with atoms grouped together in changing , uneven patterns .
Glass , though it seems frozen like a solid , is actually arranged much more like a liquid , and as such has the capacity to change , albeit more slowly than a liquid .
Physicists suspect that though the atoms in a glass look somewhat randomly arranged , they are actually more stuck than they seem .
Perhaps most atoms are locked in place by their neighbors , and for one to move , all its surrounding atoms would also have to shift .
So when glass does flow , it 's only because large groups of atoms cooperate to move together .
Earlier experiments by Kelton and his team at a precursor levitation chamber showed that islands can occur where bunches of atoms group together in an ordered formation .
These islands seem to interrupt the larger patterns that would form in a solid , so their presence prevents the liquid from becoming a solid , keeping it stuck in its mostly jumbled state .
But researchers do n't all agree about how this works , or whether it happens in all glasses .
They hope the next generation experiment will provide new insight .
Editor 's Note :
This story was updated to reflect the fact that window glass does n't flow enough on a human timescale for change to be visible .
get @baffled
I am a baffled observer of the world around us ; a photographer , satirist , poet ; an ambitious but average drummer with a penchant for tabloid headlines , of H - Town , Texas , of course !
Life - long dream : swim with the sharks .
These are my collected ramblings ; an online compendium of utter nonsense , comprising art , culture , poetry , photography , technology and the newsworthy , arcane and inane .
All original work is © " @baffled " .
The microorganisms that cause food to spoil require water to survive and reproduce , and so anything that dehydrates food or removes water from microbes will help to prevent them from growing .
Food and microorganisms both contain water , and their water content can be reduced by bringing them into contact with soluble substances that absorb the water through a phenomenon known as osmosis .
Salt and sugar are common , and relatively harmless , substances that dissolve easily in water , and so have been used for preserving various kinds of food for some time .
Food that has been treated with salt or sugar to preserve it will not usually have enough water available at the surface to allow the multiplication of any microbes that land on it .
The microbes may , in fact , die from dehydration , as water is removed from them .
Sugar helps preserve and improve the taste of fruit jellies , jams , and preserves .
Food Spoilage
Food is spoilt when certain microorganisms begin to reproduce on , and digest , its surface , producing a variety of byproducts from their metabolic processes .
This may or may not be easily detectable .
Often , the food will appear moldy or mushy , or it may smell bad , but sometimes it is not obvious , and may therefore be more dangerous , as microbial byproducts can be very toxic , and the microbes themselves can sometimes cause very serious infections .
Therefore , to preserve food , it is necessary to ensure that it is difficult or impossible for microorganisms to reproduce or survive in it .
One of the oldest methods of doing this is preservation using salt or sugar .
Salt helps to preserve some meats , such as salami .
Osmosis
If strong and weak solutions of salt are separated by a porous membrane , the concentrations will adjust until they are the same for both solutions — the salt will move across the membrane from the stronger to the weaker solution , and water will behave in the opposite way .
Food and microorganisms both consist of cells with membranes , and so osmosis can operate across these membranes to draw water out .
Cells contain water with a certain amount of dissolved salts and sugars , but if they are placed in an environment with a very different concentration of dissolved substances , water will flow either out of or into the cells .
Salt can be used to help prevent rotting or molding of foods .
As an example , if a red blood cell is placed in pure water , it will swell and eventually burst .
This is due to the cell absorbing water from its environment .
When placed in water with a salt concentration equal to that of the blood , the red blood cell experiences no osmosis , and stays a constant size .
When placed in highly salty water , the environment around the red blood cell will start sucking out the fluids inside the cell through osmosis , causing it to shrivel and die .
When food is preserved with salt or sugar , microbes cannot absorb water from it through their membranes , preventing growth and reproduction , and may lose water and die .
Consuming large amounts of foods which have been preserved in salt can lead to hypertension .
Other Effects
These preservatives may have some other useful effects .
It is thought that at high concentrations inside cells they can undermine the structure of DNA and disrupt the functioning of some enzymes .
It is known that some of the relatively weak bonds that maintain the shapes of enzyme molecules can be broken by salts at high concentrations .
Skin is unaffected by contact with salt and sugar solutions because it is covered with a layer of dead cells that protect living tissue from dehydration .
Advantages and Disadvantages
Salt and sugar are very effective against most of the bacteria that can cause disease .
Generally , these microorganisms cannot tolerate a salt concentration of more than 10 % .
Molds , however will often survive at much higher concentrations , and yeasts may be able to grow in highly concentrated sugar solutions .
The use of salt and sugar is also limited by the fact that they impart a very noticeable taste to foods they have been used to preserve .
This may be acceptable in some foods , but not in others .
LOCUS OSLOCATION BASED OPERATING SYSTEM / OCTOBER 2008 - Multiple widget desktops designed around a location or activity ie Kitchen , Office , Car - Automatically switches between desktops with GPS and wi-fi mapping - Simplified Collections menu allows browsing via function rather than application
The behind the the Documents Explore app , is that the documents are laid out on a table ( this could be a ' work table ' or a ' home accounts table ' ) and you simply zoom in on a page ( or single finger double tap ) and the page will align , with the editing tools fading in for that specific app .
Notes :
All rights for the icons used in this interface belong to their respectful owners .
Please contact me if you have designed any of the icons so I can credit you appropriately .
This project has no association with Microsoft .
The project was originally intended for the Microsoft Next Gen Computer competition in 2008 .
Hence I also looked at the project from a branding perspective and how a product like this might become Microsoft 's key arm along with Surface etc .
This interface was designed before iPhone 3.0 , Palm Pre , Android etc , making the ideas original at the time :)- - - Follow me on Twitter .
A US federal appeals court says three Seattle police officers were justified when they used a stun gun on a pregnant mother who refused to sign a traffic ticket .
Malaika Brooks was driving her son to school in 2004 when she was stopped for exceeding the speed limit .
The officers used a Taser three times when she refused to get out of her car .
A panel of judges ruled 2 - 1 the officers were justified in using force because Brooks could have picked her keys up off the floor , started the car and driven away .
The dissenting judge called the ruling absurd saying the officers had no authority to arrest Brooks , let alone use a Taser on a non-threatening woman who was seven months pregnant .
- AAP
If it was a 240 wagon , I think " URL 504 " would be more appropriate , actually .
Matt , I think you know what I 'm talking about here : [ en.wikipedia.org ]
Video : Flexible solar cells
Solar technology that ’s ahead of the curve ( Image : Darren Stevenson and John Rogers )
ELECTRICITY from sunlight : bright hope for the future , or false dawn ?
Solar power has its share of detractors who ’d go for the latter .
Photovoltaic cells are too expensive , they say , requiring huge amounts of material and energy to make .
And they are inefficient , too , converting at best about 20 per cent of the incoming solar radiation into usable power .
So , the sceptics say , solar cells are only ever likely to be a small , disproportionately expensive part of our future energy mix .
In the temperate , oft - cloudy climes of much of Europe and North America , satisfying the population ’s electricity needs with photovoltaics alone would mean plastering something like 5 to 15 per cent of the land surface with them .
Such criticisms might be tempered by a new generation of solar cells about to flop off the production line .
Slim , bendy and versatile , they consume just a fraction of the materials – and costs – of a traditional photovoltaic device .
They could be just the fillip solar power needs , opening the way to a host of new applications : solar - charged cellphones and laptops , say , or slimline generators that sit almost invisibly on a building ’s curved surfaces or even its windows .
Photovoltaic cells have traditionally presented renewable - energy enthusiasts with an unenviable choice .
If low cost and flexibility are the watchwords , inefficiency is the price to pay : the best flexible solar cells , made from thin films of amorphous silicon or organic polymers , convert barely 10 per cent of solar radiation into power .
That makes them unsuitable for all but low - power …
The Perl 6 specification talks , among other things , about built - in date / time classes .
After much discussions back and forth it is now ( and is likely staying that way ) a subset of the excellent Perl 5 module DateTime .
The discussions on the perl6 - language mailing list showed that Dave Rolsky , author of DateTime , wants us to learn from the shortcomings of DateTime , in particular having a date - only class looks like a good idea to him .
That encouraged me to implement such a module .
There 's also prior art for that on CPAN : Date : : Simple .
It 's really simple , as the name says :
You can construct a Date : : Simple object either from year , month , day or from a string in the form YYYY - MM - DD , subtracting two dates yields an integer , adding or subtracting an integer to a date gives another date , you can ++ or -- date objects to get the next / previous day , and you can query date objects for year , month , day and day of week .
With some good literature at hand ( and the Date : : Simple test suite for inspiration ) that 's rather straight forward to implement , so that 's what I did .
I called it Date , and the code is on github .
It works to the extent possible by current Rakudo : all the object oriented features work , overloading operators does n't quite work yet .
Still the logic for the operators is already there , and once the bug in Rakudo is fixed , the Date module will be nearly fully implemented .
I enjoyed doing some solid work in this area of continued bikeshedding , and I 'll wait and see if people want such a class in Perl 6 or not .
MySQL Con Kaj
Arnö veered from the official keynote topic on The State of the MySQL Community and tackled the integration of MySQL into Oracle at the MySQL users ’ conference on Thursday .
Or , in the words of the affable vice president of database community : " How the mapping of MySQL into Oracle is going .
What 's happening , what has changed already , what will change soon , and what wo n't change with Oracle as the steward of MySQL . "
His presentation followed those of MySQL daddy Monty Widenius and leading MySQL architect Brian Aker who 'd spoke against a single company running MySQL .
They 'd also pitched their MySQL forks , MariaDB and Drizzle , as alternative projects and products to MySQL for developers and DBAs .
Arnö helped close this year 's event , and bookended Widenius and Aker with Oracle chief software architect Edward Screven who opened the show on Tuesday .
Screven tried to re-assure SQLers their database is safe with Oracle , because the product is an important component in Oracle 's overall stack sell .
Oracle 's message to MySQLers
Picking up Screven 's " keep calm and carry on " message , Arnö said that among the things that have not changed since the acquisition is the " huge base " of MySQL users , the members of which have " economic interests in the database that are independent of whoever owns it . "
" That wo n't change , " he said .
He also pointed to a " huge talent pool " of MySQL experts inside the company , with " a strong loyalty to the MySQL users we have served over many years ... "
Arnö has been with MySQL since 2001 .
" Of course it is not just our talent any longer , " he added .
" I have come to learn that Oracle does have a few database experts , too . "
Earlier , Widenius had spoken of the MySQL developers who'd gone from Oracle and are now either at his or other companies in the MySQL ecosystem .
Aker , meanwhile , last month blogged that the " vast majority are still at Oracle . "
Another thing that wo n't change , Arnö said : the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) , under which the open source MySQL database is distributed .
The GNU license is the most commonly used open source license .
It 's based on the " copy left " principle , which requires derivative works of GPL - licensed programs to also be licensed under the GPL .
The GPL license provided a safety net for MySQL users not certain about MySQL in Sun Microsystems ' hands , he said , and it provides the same safety net for those unsure of Oracle .
" We have seen strong , clear statements from Oracle that the GPL will continue , " he said .
One thing that will definitely be different under Oracle 's stewardship , Arnö said , is community leadership .
Big O plans to be more pro-active .
MySQL users can expect continued improvements in performance .
But also with an emphasis on " maturing " the database properly .
" Many of us remember that when [ MySQL ] 5.0 was announced , not everybody was exactly happy about the maturity of 5.0 , " he said .
" We were deemed as having introduced it too early to deserve the stability label of GA . "
Arnö added that the MySQL community could also expect more conservative statements overall about the future of the database going forward , thanks in part to Oracle 's size and the need to follow the mandates of regulations such as Sarbanes - Oxley .
" There are going to be stronger corporate controls about what we can say , " he said .
[ No kidding - ed ] .
Oracle also plans to push a stronger emphasis on MySQL for Windows - a message Screven pitched Tuesday . ®
Respect and reputation are very important .
That ’s why I wear my bike sniper shirt as much as my laundry schedule will allow .
Yesterday in DC a car seems to have intentionally run a cyclist off the road .
What can bikers do to help show the cars around us whose boss ?
I want your thoughts !
Keep it legal , or if not legal at least creative , and worth breaking the law for .
MIT 's Tiny Mechanical Muscles Could Power Tomorrow's Robotic Gizmos
The shape - memory alloy actuators might power minimally invasive surgical devices or tiny laptop cameras
By Sebastian Usher
BBC News , London
Many Saudi executions are beheadings by the sword in public places
The lawyer for a Lebanese man sentenced to death in Saudi Arabia for witchcraft has appealed for international help to save him .
Ali Sabat was the host of a popular Lebanese TV show in which he predicted the future and gave advice .
He was arrested by religious police on sorcery charges while on a pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia in 2008 .
His lawyer , May el - Khansa , says she has been told Mr Sabat is due to be executed this week .
Ms Khansa has contacted the Lebanese president and prime minister to appeal on his behalf .
There has been no official confirmation from Saudi Arabia , but executions there are often carried out with little warning .
Mr Sabat did make a confession , but Ms Khansa says he only did so because he had been told he could go back to Lebanon if he did .
Human rights groups have accused the Saudis of " sanctioning a literal witch hunt by the religious police " .
An Egyptian working as a pharmacist in Saudi Arabia was executed in 2007 after having been found guilty of using sorcery to try to separate a married couple .
There is no legal definition of witchcraft in Saudi Arabia , but horoscopes and fortune telling are condemned as un-Islamic .
Nevertheless , there is still a big thirst for such services in the country where widespread superstition survives under the surface of strict religious orthodoxy .
May 17 , folks .
That 's the date when the grumpy doctor you wish you were and the snazzy camera you wish you owned will join forces on American network television .
The final episode in this season 's run of House has been shot exclusively using Canon 's 5D Mark II , and the show 's director Greg Yaitanes has been taking questions about the experience on Twitter .
PetaPixel have helpfully collated the Q&A session into a coherent pseudo - interview , which you 'll be able to find at the source below .
The major takeaway is that the crew liked the experience and did n't have to do an overwhelming amount of work to adapt to the different shooting method .
Guess after SNL and its own movie , the 5D Mark II just had to go and do a guest appearance on its favorite TV show .
[ Thanks ,
Ben K
Tags
Let 's be clear about something .
A person who decides to give up his US citizenship is not guilty of disloyalty to America ; quite the opposite .
He could very well be more loyal to American principles than the regime is willing to tolerate .
It also does not mean that he is giving up hope for liberty ; he may have great hope for liberty , in a different way and in a different place .
In any case , the rise of emigration , expatriation , and citizenship renunciation is a trend that is not going away .
It is rising and will get more significant .
In some ways , it is completely expected .
When regimes overcontrol , overtax , overregulate , they gnaw at the innate sense of the right to be free .
When this gets worse and worse , people tend to look around for better environments .
We 've all known people who talk about it openly .
It is becoming cocktail conversation , the once unthinkable now standard fare .
It 's not just an impression .
State Department records show that 502 people gave up citizenship in just the last quarter of 2009 .
That is more than twice the total for 2008 .
That might not seem like a lot , but what stands out here is the trend line , which is soaring .
I also hear reports of year - long bureaucratic delays in approval , and , of course , plenty of people leave without permission .
The driving factors here are not cultural or social ; they are economic .
The US government is making it ever more difficult for Americans living abroad , taxing them wherever the bureaucrats can find them .
The government makes it very difficult even to hold a bank account in the United States unless the account holder can point to a US residency ( thanks to the Patriot Act ) .
And when the government finds a reporting error on income earned overseas , it can charge a 50 - percent penalty .
Even when a person gives up US citizenship , and establishes citizenship with a freer country , the US government can still haunt him with continuing tax obligations and demands for military service .
There is , at the least , a vast exit penalty .
Any regime that would do things like this inspires people to want to stay at arm 's length .
Far more frightening is the sense that financial calamity is around the corner .
A look at the data seems to suggest that .
Vast reserves are sitting in the banking system , waiting to be unleashed to create what could be total destruction of the dollar .
The deficit is rising so fast that it is hard to chart .
The jobs situation is terrible , especially for young people ( and adults often make decisions based on what is best for their kids ' future ) .
Personal income is falling and falling .
Investment is not recovering after its cliff dive in 2009 .
The social - welfare state is broke .
Private debt is rising even though lending has not restarted .
" Every socialist and fascist regime in history has put up walls to prevent flight by people and capital . "
The policies of the fiscal and monetary authorities are absolutely terrifying .
The Fed is keeping rates at zero .
The government is spending and spending beyond belief .
Tax receipts are falling as never before , unleashing the greedy hand of the predator state to extract every last dime .
And look at what the US Congress and president are doing about this terrible mess : they are working to socialize healthcare , start a war with Iran , impose tariffs on China , and otherwise tax , regulate , inflate , and control more more more .
An economy that is heavily capitalized and driven by the entrepreneurial spirit can stand a surprising amount of abuse .
But that reserve capital is being drained away into new bubbles , and the entrepreneurial spirit is being crushed at every turn .
Based on all these facts , the sense of impending doom is hard to avoid .
And consider that most people are thinking only about today , this month , and this year .
But among the rich and entrepreneurial we find a class of people who specialize in thinking outside the box , and for the very long term .
It is among the ranks of these people that we are seeing the renunciation trend take hold .
The smart money is giving up on the US political system .
What precisely is a person actually giving up when he walks into a US consulate and signs the renunciation oath ?
The right to vote ?
Yes , but just how much value are we supposed to place on the right to choose between dumb and dumber , and to have your vote cancelled out by the guy behind you in the line ?
No living person has ever swung a significant election .
It is hardly a surprise that people put so little value on going through the motions of democracy .
There is much to give up in a cultural and social sense .
It is not a decision to be made with a light heart .
It is final and scary for that reason .
What compels many people to do it now rather than wait is the sense that at some point , it might not be possible to renounce citizenship .
As the controls grow ever tighter , so will the regulations on those who try to escape .
Every socialist and fascist regime in history has put up walls to prevent flight by people and capital .
This is why people and capital are flying now , while they still can .
In so doing , they are inspired by the writings of the American revolutionaries .
The difference is that they have decided that living in the land of the free and the home of the brave means not being a slave of the US government .
The way to stop the brain and capital drain is readily at hand .
Relinquish controls .
Stop taxing people abroad .
Adopt laissez - faire .
Reinstitute freedom .
Reject militarism and nationalism .
Only that path will inspire optimism in the future of this country .
Until that happens , we can expect this trend to continue .
To the young and successful families who ask our advice , we say this : " Get out while the getting is good ! "
At least 57 people dead after magnitude - 6 earthquake strikes eastern province in early hours of morning
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6 struck eastern Turkey this morning , killing at least 57 people , an official said .
The quake occurred at 4.32 am in Elazig province , while many people were asleep .
Stone or mud - brick homes and minarets of mosques were toppled in six villages and 57 people were killed , said the deputy prime minister , Cemil Cicek .
The worst - hit area was the village of Okcular , where some 17 people were killed and homes crumbled into piles of dirt .
Another 13 people were killed in the village of Yukari Demirci .
The government 's crisis centre said around 100 people were injured .
The epicentre was near the village of Basyurt , according to Istanbul 's Kandilli observatory seismology centre .
It recorded more than 20 aftershocks , the strongest of which measured 4.1 .
CNN - Turk television said the dead included four young sisters trapped in the rubble .
Rescue workers were trying to pull one other person out of the debris in Okcular village , it reported .
" Everything has been knocked down .
There is not a stone in place , " said Yadin Apaydin , administrator for the village of Yukari Kanatli , where he said three villagers had died .
The quake was felt in the neighbouring provinces of Tunceli , Bingol and Diyarbakir , where residents fled to the streets in panic and spent the night outdoors .
Some of the injuries occurred during the panic , when people jumped from windows or balconies .
TV footage showed people bringing the injured to hospital by cars and taxis .
Map of Elazig in Turkey where the earthquake struck
Rescue workers and soldiers at Okcular lifted debris and Turkey 's Red Crescent organisation began setting up tents in the region .
Earthquakes are frequent in Turkey , much of which lies atop the North Anatolian fault .
In 1999 , two powerful quakes struck north - western Turkey , killing about 18,000 people .
BIKE EDUCATION GOES VIRTUAL
We ’ve just launched an online resource to help a new generation of cyclists feel empowered to ride at home !
Our Virtual Bike Education Resource Hub is a comprehensive database of free - and low - cost materials designed for parents and educators to inform and inspire kids through the power of bicycles .
Check out our staff - recommended media materials including reading lists , videos , movies , documentaries , activities , and curricula made to keep kids from pre-K through high school engaged with the history , community , fitness , and fun of cycling .
A crucial part of the self - consciousness of individuals and the way they define themselves socially is a perception of their location in a historical narrative , however vague .
For most people in North America and Europe the narrative in question is that of ' Western Civilization ' - this is true for all parts of the political spectrum and includes those who see this narrative as one of triumphant success and others who perceive it as a much darker story .
However , the picture that emerges from historical research does not support any of these accounts .
Rather they lead us to the conclusion that historic Western Civilization no longer exists but has perished or been transformed .
This should make us think about how to understand our historical location and lead us to see past , present , and future in a new way .
What Is Aquapel
Aquapel Glass
Treatment is your chance to change the way drivers see the road in the rain .
It can also be used on any window where clearer vision is needed .
Aquapel will also fight the elements for auto , marine and home .
Developed and first patented by PPG Industries , leaders in glass technology , and now owned by PGW Auto Glass , Aquapel Glass Treatment represents a product which promotes automobile safety .
Designed for professional application on windshields , side windows , rear windows , glass shower doors , or any other glass surface , Aquapel is a long - lasting glass treatment that :
Repels rain for remarkably improved vision
Makes it easier to clear ice , snow and even dirt
Reduces glare in the rain , especially at night
Helps reduce water marks and keeps down salt water
Drive Safer
Of course the best way to see how Aquapel Glass Treatment works is to have it applied on your windshield .
Ask for Aquapel wherever your vehicle is professionally serviced .
Whenever it 's time to renew your long - lasting Aquapel Glass Treatment , its performance can be restored in just minutes .
Once you 've driven with Aquapel , you wo n't want to drive without it .
See Clearly .
Drive Safer ... today and every day with Aquapel .
When your safety is involved , SEE CLEARLY and DRIVE SAFER .
Apple 's iPhone business , which did n't exist three years ago , now represents a whopping 40 % of the company 's revenue , and has been the company 's biggest revenue generator for three quarters in a row .
During the March quarter , iPhone revenue grew 124 % year - over - year to $ 5.4 billion , or 40 % of Apple 's $ 13.5 billion in total revenue .
Because of high profit margins on the iPhone , it 's likely Apple 's biggest profit contributor , too .
( But that 's another chart . )
Apple 's second - biggest business is its Mac computer division , which grew 27 % year - over - year in the March quarter to $ 3.8 billion , or 28 % of Apple 's overall sales .
Follow the Chart Of The Day on Twitter : www.twitter.com/chartoftheday
London , England ( CNN ) --
A letter written by Adolf Hitler in 1931 hoping for a " truly cordial relationship " between Britain and Germany goes on sale Tuesday and is estimated to fetch up to £ 12,000 at auction .
The one - page letter was addressed to Sefton Delmer , a British journalist , in which Hitler expressed hopes of a new friendship between the two countries to replace the " unhappy war - psychosis " that existed after the First World War :
Hitler wrote the letter 16 months before he became chancellor and seized power in 1933 .
In the letter he said : " I hope ... that out of this crisis a new readiness will grow up in Britain to submit the past twelve years to a reappraisal .
I should be happy , if as a result of this the unhappy war - psychosis could be overcome on such a scale as to permit the realization of the truly cordial relationship between the British and the German peoples so eagerly desired by myself and my movement .
" For I believe that the crisis now breaking in on us can only be solved by the closest political collaboration of those nations who see in the re-establishment of a natural European balance of power the first precondition to dealing with those great world problems under which Britain too suffers today . "
Andrew Roberts , the British military and political historian , said the letter was a classic example of Hitler trying to lull Western democracies into a state of appeasement .
Roberts said Hitler was saying there were underlying interests between Britain and Germany and that he wrote many such letters .
" He refers to 12 years which would make it 1919 , the year the Versailles Treaty was signed ... appeasement was his central message until the outbreak of war .
Sefton Delmer would not have been taken in by any of this , " said Roberts .
Auctioneers at Bonhams in London said the letter has remained in Delmer 's family until now but they could not release the name of the person selling it .
Delmer was the Berlin correspondent of the Daily Express at the time when Hitler wrote the letter .
He was born in Berlin and spent the first 15 years of his life there before his family were expatriated to the UK .
He is reported to be the first British journalist to interview Hitler , who he later described as a rather ordinary looking man with hair that had been arranged too carefully .
Carl Geary died a month ago from a heart attack as he campaigned to be selected for the small country town .
Despite his sudden death he still polled over three times as many votes as his rival in the election in Tracy City , Tennessee .
Excerpted fromThe Devil ’s Casino : Friendship , Betrayal , and the High Stakes Games Played Inside Lehman Brothers , by Vicky Ward , to be published this month by Wiley ; © 2010 by the author .
On Wall Street , they pay you so much that they own you .
You know ?
So it ’s different .
They have your soul .
You gave it to them for the money .
— Mrs. Bradley Jack
The senior executives at Lehman Brothers , the storied Manhattan financial firm that was founded in 1850 and went bankrupt in 2008 , were expected to have wives .
And , if possible , they were supposed to be happy with them .
If they were not happy , they were expected to pretend .
In later years no one at the firm would ever forget what had happened to the late Chris Pettit , the longtime deputy to C.E.O. Richard “ Dick ” Fuld .
Pettit , good - looking , six feet two inches , a decorated Vietnam War hero , had been adored by the Lehman rank and file .
Seen almost as a god , he was their real captain , instead of the more taciturn and less charismatic Fuld .
But in the early 1990s , Pettit , a devout Roman Catholic , embarked on an affair with a woman at the firm .
Lehman Wives : A Family Album
This did not sit well with Lehmanites , especially as Pettit liked to emphasize moral values .
He was the man who had banned Playboy magazine from the trading floor , and at a dinner for the senior executives in the 1980s he had said , “ Now , look at this !
Every single person here is with their original spouse .
That is why we are successful .
Because our word is our honor .
We succeed in business because people can trust us . ”
So when he broke his own code , it destroyed his career .
His closest allies at the firm deserted him .
These were Tom Tucker ( head of sales ) , Pettit ’s fair - haired best friend since kindergarten ; Steve Lessing ( Tucker ’s affable deputy ) ; and , perhaps most crucially , the hot - tempered fixed - income head , Joseph Gregory .
Gregory , who , along with his wife , declined to comment for this article , disliked Pettit ’s new mistress and once told Tucker that she was “ evil . ”
( She in turn described Gregory to colleagues as “ dumb as rocks ” and “ untrustworthy , ” according to numerous sources . )
But it was n’t just the men who were angered .
Their wives were , too .
Sandra Lessing and Heather Tucker especially were distraught at Pettit ’s abandonment of his wife , Mary Anne , a pretty , auburn - haired former gymnast , who had been Pettit ’s high - school sweetheart and had borne him four children .
She had stuck with him through tough times when they were so poor they could n’t afford blinds for the windows in their house .
The Lessings , the Tuckers , the Gregorys , and the Pettits all lived close to one another in Huntington , on New York ’s Long Island .
They sometimes vacationed together , and for years the four men had carpooled to Lehman ’s Lower Manhattan headquarters , stopping off before work at the gym , where they ’d been nicknamed the Ponderosa boys — a reference to the popular 60s TV show Bonanza .
At the office and outside of it they were sometimes known as the Huntington Mafia .
But with Pettit ’s affair , the group split apart , and the men began to drive in separately .
The women continued to support Mary Anne , who always believed her husband was coming back .
She kept his clothes in the closet and his slippers under the bed .
Joe Gregory had already fallen out badly with Pettit at the end of 1994 over the Mexican - peso crisis .
Pettit had accused Gregory of not keeping close enough watch over his division and jeopardizing the firm with a $ 5 billion exposure to the peso , which suddenly looked as if it might be de-valued .
But by the fall of 1995 , fixed income was doing better , and Gregory wanted to fire the heads of the less profitable equities and investment - banking divisions .
Pettit did not agree .
“ Show me better candidates , ” he retorted .
It is n’t socialism and the status quo is most likely unjust when 95 % of the whose who sympathize with the elite “ clique that revolves around Washington , D.C. and Wall Street ” prefer the corporatist president to the constitutionalist congressman , according to a recent poll .
A Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey of likely voters finds 42 % ever - so - slightly support President Barack Obama over the 41 % who prefer Congressman Ron Paul ( R - TX ) in a head - to - head matchup with the option of preferring “ some other candidate ” or considering themselves “ undecided ” .
More telling is the “ blowout ” in terms of excessive support for the president among the “ Political Class ” , 95 % .
As a former pollster myself for a cynical Beltway consulting firm , I accept that aspects of polling heavily mistaken for science are in actuality more of an artform .
That said , Scott Rasmussen is a relatively accurate political scientist in terms of gauging public opinion on low - content subjects .
It should be noted that Rasmussen Reports Election 2008 poll released on the morning of Nov. 4 , 2008 predicted Pres.
Obama to win the election with 52 % of the vote against 46 % for his primary opponent , Senator John McCain ( R - AZ ) .
The final results of the actual popular vote is widely accepted as 52.9 % for the president and 45.7 % for his opponent .
More important than its results , as far as I know , the organization ’s methodology are about the closest to objective as you ’re going to find and very transparent to be scrutinized .
The overall favorability and head - to - head elements of this poll is pretty inconclusive with most polled ( 32 % ) unsure of whether or not they had a favorable opinion of Dr. Paul , with only 39 % voicing “ very favorable ” ( 10 % ) or “ somewhat favorable ” ( 29 % ) and 30 % somewhat or very unfavorable .
Rasmussen separates the “ Political Class ” from the “ Populists ” and “ Mainstream Class ” as agreeing with at least two of the three following statements :
“ Generally speaking , when it comes to important national issues ” , the judgment of “ America ’s political leaders ” is to be trusted “ more ” ;
The “ federal government ” has not “ become a special interest group that looks out primarily for its own interests ” ; and “ Government and big business often work together in ways that ” do n’t “ hurt consumers and investors ” .
12 % of those polled fit this description of the “ Political Class ” while 81 % disagreed with at least two of the three statements , but it would be an extreme error to discount the exponentially greater influence of this 12 % than the rest of the sample .
They are the masters and house negroes of the American plantation .
Agreeing with any of these three statements is , at the least , blue - pill ignorance , but this is what the pollsters regard as the “ Political Class ” .
I do n’t think this is an accurate view of the political class , but a very accurate test of whether one believes control in best in the hands of elites as opposed to in the hands of people — the opinion that top - down command authority is desired over bottom - up forms of democracy , self - determination , self - management .
The Trilateral Commission , a David Rockefeller think - tank which has influenced the propaganda machine of the Democratic Party more than any other force , published a report in 1976 titled , The Crisis of Democracy [ .pdf ] , on the “ governability of democracies ” in Europe , the U.S. and Japan .
The section on the U.S. , written by Harvard University professor Samuel Huntington , states the methods that ought to be employed for “ democracy to function effectively ” .
“ The effective operation of a democratic political system usually requires some measure of apathy and noninvolvement on the part of some individuals and groups ” , Prof .
Huntington wrote , proposing “ inherently undemocratic ” measures of “ marginality ” to ensure “ apathy and noninvolvement ” among the governed .
To the ends of technocrats ’ “ effective operation of a democratic political system ” , like that to the scale of the U.S. federal government , “ less marginality on the part of some groups thus needs to be replaced by more self - restraint on the part of all groups ” .
This begs the question : effectively operating for which “ part of some groups ” ?
Mr. Rassmussen defines this class as “ the clique that revolves around Washington , D.C. and Wall Street ” along with those who sympathize with them .
The article on polling for classes quotes his new book , In Search for Self - Governance , stating : “ In that world , some see self - governance as little more than allowing voters to choose which of two politicians will rule over them .
Others in that elite environment are even more brazen and see self - governance as a problem to be overcome . ”
More importantly , this “ clique ” shapes , finances , propagates and executes actual policy .
They are the technocrats who also communicate the policy and stage the ‘ debates ’ that revolve around them to pacify the people to sympathize with the elites .
58 % of the “ Mainstream Class ” favored Dr. Paul over the president , but the fact that this is n’t higher shows the extreme success of the elites propaganda machines to brainwash people to actually believe the president ’s interests are more in line with democratic people power than the reality shown by the favorability among the elites .
That the president is somehow of a different persuasion than “ American political leaders ” who ought not be ‘ trusted more ’ , the “ federal government ” which is “ a special interest group that looks out primarily for its own interests and the “ government ” that ‘ often works together ’ with “ big business ” in “ ways that hurt consumers and investors ” .
The people who actually benefit from this illusion are obviously having their interests served better than they perceive they would under a hypothetical Ron Paul Administration .
Adolf Hitler once said , “ What good fortune for governments that the people do n’t think . ”
In The Common Good ( 1998 ) , a collection of interviews with David Barsamian , Professor Noam Chomsky correctly stated pre-9/11 : “ The smart way to keep people passive and obedient is to strictly limit the spectrum of acceptable opinion , but allow very lively debate within that spectrum — even encourage the more critical and dissident views .
That gives people the sense that there ’s free thinking going on , while all the time the presuppositions of the system are being reinforced by the limits put on the range of the debate . ” ( p. 43 )
Dr. Paul ’s views on immigration and abortion are extremely troubling to me , and should be to any objective moral agent ( which I go into greater detail here , here and here ) .
And , though , he remains an exquisite , informative writer , he is not the eloquent speaker to accurately communicate the principles of liberty in a comprehensive manner to everyday people .
That said , it still communicates extremely well .
But the criticism of his philosophy is the perception that markets freed from coercion are the equivalent of corporatism .
If so , would n’t the actually existing corporate class prefer Dr. Paul to the president ?
If the president were more in line with principles of socioeconomic justice , would n’t the figures from these classes reflect the opposite sentiments ?
Even if we correctly assume the masses are grossly misinformed , would n’t the privileged favor he who best serves the interests of their privileges ?
I would n’t support a presidential campaign by Dr. Paul in 2012 and am morally and intellectually opposed to electoral politics at such scales , but to the general consensus of people who understand that the status quo is fundamentally wrong and unacceptable , the views of the “ Political Class ” toward the president should be enough to convince on to withdraw consent from him to govern .
Kevin Carson recently wrote : “ There ’s an old saying about the definition of a liberal , as opposed to a radical : a liberal is someone who thinks the system is broken and needs to be fixed , whereas a radical understands it ’s working the way it ’s supposed to … .
A liberal who does n’t think the system is working , does n’t understand what it ’s supposed to do . ”
Chris Hedges , a pretty consistent opponent of the corporate warfare State , wrote in early March that so - called ‘ progressives ’ “ owe Ralph Nader and Cynthia McKinney an apology ” because were “ right about Barack Obama ” , “ about the corporate state ” and “ had the courage of their convictions and they stood fast despite wholesale defections and ridicule by liberals and progressives ” .
“ Obama lies as cravenly , if not as crudely , as George W. Bush , ” he added .
“ He promised us that the transfer of $ 12.8 trillion in taxpayer money to Wall Street would open up credit and lending to the average consumer .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. ( FDIC ) , however , admitted last week that banks have reduced lending at the sharpest pace since 1942 .
As a senator , Obama promised he would filibuster amendments to the FISA Reform
Act that retroactively made legal the wiretapping and monitoring of millions of American citizens without warrant ; instead he supported passage of the loathsome legislation .
He told us he would withdraw American troops from Iraq , close the detention facility at Guantánamo , end torture , restore civil liberties such as habeas corpus and create new jobs .
None of this has happened . ”
He added the healthcare bill being shoved “ down our throats … would give hundreds of billions of taxpayer dollars to the private health insurance industry in the form of subsidies , and force millions of uninsured Americans to buy insurers ’ defective products ” .
That the policies “ would come with ever - rising co-pays , deductibles and premiums and see most of the seriously ill left bankrupt and unable to afford medical care ” .
That the president “ has left us at the mercy of corporations such as ExxonMobil ” , “ empowers Israel ’s brutal apartheid state ” , “ has expanded the war in Afghanistan and Pakistan , where hundreds of civilians , including entire families , have been slaughtered by sophisticated weapons systems such as the Hellfire missile , which sucks the air out of victims ’ lungs ” , while “ he is delivering war and death to Yemen , Somalia and perhaps Iran ” .
Mr. Hedges observes : “ The timidity of the left exposes its cowardice , lack of a moral compass and mounting political impotence .
The left stands for nothing .
The damage Obama and the Democrats have done is immense .
But the damage liberals do the longer they beg Obama and the Democrats for a few scraps is worse .
It is time to walk out on the Democrats . ”
In 2010 and 2012 , Mr. Hedges accurately predicts : “ We will again be told by the Democrats that the least - worse candidate they select for office is better than the Republican troll trotted out as an alternative .
We will be bombarded with slick commercials about hope and change and spoken to in a cloying feel - your - pain language .
We will be made afraid .
But if we again acquiesce we will be reduced to sad and pathetic footnotes in our accelerating transformation from a democracy to a totalitarian corporate state . ”
And though Mr. Hedges is n’t averse to participation in national electoral politics , he accepts : “ Social change does not come through voting .
It is delivered through activism , organizing and mobilization that empower groups to confront the hegemony of the corporate state and the power elite .
The longer socialism is identified with the corporatist policies of the Democratic Party , the longer we allow the right wing to tag Obama as a socialist , the more absurd and ineffectual we become . ”
With an opposing view toward markets , Dr. Paul , accurately , reiterated Mr. Hedges ’ point at the recent Southern Republican Leadership Conference ( 0:56 ) :
RELATED :
President Obama ’s proposed revisions to his predecessor ’s No Child Left Behind law appear , on the surface , to offer an example not of local control but of more federal intervention .
Yet many experts agree that the main reason President George W. Bush ’s original law has failed to raise student achievement significantly is that states have dumbed down their exams .
Diana Senechal , a former New York City teacher , demonstrated this in an inventive fashion when she showed that anyone could pass New York ’s middle - school promotion examinations by simply ignoring the questions and answering , “ A , B , C , D , A , B , C , D ” in order .
The new proposals being offered by the Obama administration will not significantly change a setup that combines the worst of both worlds : broad federally mandated goals and state manipulation of testing and curriculum .
Nationwide testing is useless unless it is based on a curriculum consensus reached by genuine experts in the subjects being taught  yes , the dreaded “ elites . ”
That is how public education is administered in nearly all industrialized nations throughout Europe and Asia , whose students regularly outperform Americans in reading comprehension , science and math .
By contrast , the Texas board ’s social studies revision forms a blueprint for bad educational decision - making .
Chosen in partisan elections , the board members  most lacking any expertise in the academic subjects upon which they are passing judgment  had already watered down the teaching of evolution in science classes when they turned their attention to American and world history .
Thus was Jefferson cut from a list of those whose writings inspired 18th - and 19th - century revolutions , and replaced by Thomas Aquinas , John Calvin and William Blackstone .
This is certainly the first time I ’ve ever heard the “ Summa Theologica ” described as a spur to any revolution .
No Frenchman could conceive of a situation in which school officials in Marseille decide they do n’t like France ’s secular government and are going to use textbooks that ignore the Napoleonic code ( and perhaps attribute the principles of French law to Aquinas ) .
But publishers will have to comply with Texas requirements in order to sell history books to that state ’s huge school system .
Indeed , they will likely start producing one edition for conservative states and another for the saner precincts of American schooling .
That is exactly why local control of schools is often an enemy of high - quality public education .
The real question is whether anything , in the current polarized political climate , can be done about educational disparities that are inseparable from our fragmented system of public schooling .
I can imagine at least three baby steps that would pave the way for success .
Idiots .
Morons .
Blockheads .
Numbskulls .
Nothing quite captures the mind - withering stupidity of what has just happened in Doha .
Swayed by Japan and a number of other countries , some of them doubtless bought off in traditional fashion , the members of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( Cites ) have decided not to protect the Atlantic bluefin tuna .
Those who opposed suspending trade in the species argued that the temporary ban proposed by Monaco would devastate their fishing industries .
There is some truth in this : for the years in which bluefin stocks would have been allowed to recover , the export ban would have put people out of work and reduced the output of their industry .
But the absence of a ban ensures that , after one or two more seasons of fishing at current levels , all the jobs and the entire industry are finished forever , along with the magnificent species that supported them .
The insistence that the fishing can continue without consequences betrays Olympic - class denial , a flat refusal to look reality in the face .
One of the commenters on a Guardian thread this week , who lives in Japan and uses the tag Kimpatsu , related his experiences of trying to discuss these issues .
" the Japanese policy towards both Bluefin tuna and whales has two engines of motivation .
The first is the fact that the average Japanese is in denial about the imminent extinction of these creatures ; the thought runs that as they have always eaten these animals ( and many Japanese mistakenly think that the whale is a fish ) since time immemorial , they will be able to continue doing so indefinitely into the future .
When pressed on the subject of hunting to extinction , they grow aggressive .
( I know from personal experience . )
The second reason is the low - grade paranoia that informs all Japanese interaction with the outside world ; the notion of Nihon tataki ( Japan - bashing ) is omnipresent .
If you protest against whaling or tuna fishing , you 're a cultural imperialist .
If you point out that some Japanese are members of Greenpeace or oppose whaling ( my GP is one ) , then " you do n't understand Japanese mind so much " .
Remember : all your actions against whaling and overfishing are driven by a deep - seated , irrational hatred of Japan .
Consequently , when you push , they push back . "
I have no idea how representative this is , but the attitudes Kimpatsu describes were powerfully represented in The Cove , the film about the secret dolphin slaughter in Japan which won the 2010 Oscar for best documentary .
The massacre it exposed is pointless , counter - productive and profoundly damaging to Japan 's international image , but it was fiercely defended by what seemed to be the entire political establishment .
Denial is evident everywhere on earth , but in the Japanese fishing and whaling industries it seems to have been raised to an art - form .
But it would be wrong to blame only Japan for this .
In fact the only nations which unequivocally stood up for a ban were Monaco , the United Kingdom , the Netherlands , the United States , Norway and Kenya .
It 's good to have the UK and US on board , especially after eight years of sabotaging international treaties by the Bush administration , but the feeble or hostile response of many other countries was deeply depressing .
The EU , some of whose members are major tuna exporters to Japan , supported a ban , but only if it was delayed until May 2011 , by which time tuna stocks might pass the point of no return .
Several nations simply rebuffed what the fisheries scientists say and insisted that they could carry on as usual without ill - effect .
It 's Easter Island all over again .
This proposal was brought before the meeting in Doha for just one reason : the nations charged with managing the tuna fishery have flunked it .
The International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas ( Iccat ) , which is supposed to discharge this task , is in urgent need of a new name : it should be called the the International Commission for the Cleansing of Atlantic Tunas .
It has repeatedly set catch limits way above what its own scientists have proposed , and turned a blind eye to illegal bluefin catches which probably outweigh the legal take .
Now Japan , as if to show that it really does n't care what happens to the industry it claims to support , has said that it should be Iccat , not Cites , which continues to decide how many tuna are caught .
It 's like putting Cruella de Ville in charge of the Battersea Dog 's Home .
Behind all this lurks a simple calculation .
The businessmen currently fishing the Atlantic bluefin to extinction know that while any members of the species survive there is no cut - off point for the profits they make .
The scarcer tuna become , the higher the price each carcass fetches .
Once the fish have been exterminated , the investors can just shift their vast profits into another industry .
It makes perfect economic sense .
The shocker is that the nations which are supposed to regulate these crooks have let them get away with it .
In doing so , they are reducing the king of fish to an expendable asset in a bent accountant 's ledger .
monbiot.com
Fashion and technology have been dancing with each other for years now .
Sadly , it ’s not been the kind of dancing you see in movies where everyone seems to know when to pop -n - lock and bust out the serious Justin Timberlake moves , that eventually ends in a triumphant “ tada ! ” with hands lifted in the air .
No , sadly this dance looks more like Paris Hilton biting her toe nails while opening a jar of pickles with her iPhone .
It makes no sense and is just wrong !
Which brings me to this latest WTF moment by designer Erik De Nijs , Erik has stitched together this eye catching pair of “ Beauty and the Geek ” jeans .
These “ modern shaped trousers which is often worn by youngsters .. ” are the perfect solution for Googling quick exits while running from the fashion police .
Ah , but look closely !
Now as you jump over fences and dodge barking dogs , you can take your chase music with you .
Built into the knees are a pair of crotch rocking speakers that really add that extra level of excitement while sticking it to the man .
Around back you have the added convenience of a back pocket for your “ mouse ” ( which will be your only friend at this point ) .
And for you gamers , there is even a joystick controller located just behind the front zipper .
Looking at the key arrangement I am oddly compelled to want to write “ poop ” over and over again .
Designer : Erik De Nijs
An increasing number of Indiana residents are declaring themselves “ sovereign citizens ” and personally seceding from the United States , says a report from ABC channel 6 in Indianapolis .
By doing so , residents contend that they no longer have to pay taxes , claiming their homes as embassies and using identification cards that show them as diplomats , 6 News ’ Rafael Sanchez reported .
Indiana authorities call such proclamations both illegitimate and illegal .
About 10 people every month ask the state to put a seal on a document so that they can claim freedom from taxes .
ADVERTISEMENT
Channel 6 profiled Donald Moore , a father of seven who has made himself “ official - looking ” identification that he says exempts him from U.S. laws and U.S. taxes by making him an “ ambassador ” to the United States .
The ID card “ gives me diplomatic immunity , ” Moore said .
“ The way I understand it , the federal government is incorporated , and all the states are incorporated .
This takes me out of the corporation . ”
But his assertion was rejected by Indiana ’s secretary of state .
“ Just because you allege something or concoct yourself a document does n’t mean you ’re getting off the hook , ” Todd Rokita told channel 6 .
“ You ’re going to get in worse trouble . ”
The “ Sovereign Citizen ” movement , which the Southern Poverty Law Center says has been around since the 1970s , focuses on laws and government paperwork its adherents believe allow them to effectively declare independence from the US .
ADVERTISEMENT
But that assertion is often challenged in court .
Earlier this week , a Florida man was sentenced to two years in prison after followers of the Sovereign Citizen movement convinced him to file a tax return in which he claimed the US government owed him $ 14 trillion .
According to the Miami New Times , “ sovereign citizenship ” is proliferating in prisons because of its promises of easy cash from the government and independence from laws .
Channel 6 in Indianapolis notes the case of Jonathan Dilley , who was sentenced to four years in prison for printing his own currency to pay off an $ 800,000 debt .
ADVERTISEMENT
According to the Southern Poverty Law Center , which tracks extremist groups in the United States , the sovereign citizen movement originates “ in the ideology of the Posse Comitatus , an anti-Semitic group that raged through the Midwest in the late 1970s and 1980s .
…
Some of the more famous adherents of sovereign citizens ’ ideology include Oklahoma City bombing conspirator Terry Nichols and members of the Montana Freemen . ”
[ digg - reddit - me ] Leon Wieseltier launched a graceless and rather paranoid ad hominem attack on Andrew Sullivan in the latest issue of The New Republic – accusing him of being an anti-Semite .
The New Republic is my favorite magazine – but since reading this piece , I ’m considering unsubscribing .
It would bother me that any magazine would give itself as a platform for such an article , and is even worse that it is one I feel ownership over ( as I have been a regular reader for some 12 years and a subscriber for 5 , from the moment I graduated college . )
Wieseltier further attacks my religion ( Catholicism ) as “ a regress to polytheistic crudity ” and seemingly marks the magazine as meant for Jews rather than Christians – saying that “ readers of The New Republic ” would clearly see what was wrong with Sullivan ’s writings – just as they saw what was wrong with the concept of the Trinity .
( Perhaps this was meant lightly .
It ’s a bit hard to tell as he levels such ridiculous charges . )
I do n’t consider myself the type of person who would cancel a subscription over offensive content – but it angers that the magazine would run a piece with so few redeeming features and such serious unsubstantiated charges .
Sullivan ’s main and heartfelt response to the piece is here .
He also points out the context to one of his quotes , including email correspondence with the current editor of The New Republic , Franklin Foer .
Other comments and a roundup of outside opinion from Sullivan here , here , here , here , and here .
The Atlantic Wire has a more complete roundup .
Let me – as briefly as I can – make one point that I have n’t seen made .
Most of Wieseltier ’s piece concerns all sorts of damning positions Sullivan has taken : being moved by the Palestinian suffering in the Gaza attack , Sullivan ’s anger at the Netanyahu government for refusing any substantial concessions to his government ’s main patron , and the fact that Sullivan cites the respected Middle East scholar Stephen Walt “ frequently and deferentially ” when Walt was one of the authors of The Israel Lobby for which Wieseltier believes he should be shunned .
About the only item cited by Wieseltier that could be construed as stereotyping of Jews is a Sullivan response to an article in the very self - consciously Jewish and right - wing Commentary on why Jews do n’t like Palin because they ’re educated , elitist , socially liberal , etc. , but should support Palin because she has what Rubin considers the most important thing right : she opposes “ the administration ’s effort to put ‘ daylight ’ between the U.S. and Israel . ”
Sullivan begins his most anti-Semitic piece by quoting Jonathan Chait ( of The New Republic ) who puts Rubin ’s piece in context elsewhere in his post :
The complaint of the Jewish Republican is a small but hardy feature of our political discourse .
The complaint runs as follows : Jews are foolishly ignoring their self - interest by voting for Democrats on the basis of sentimental concerns ( secularism , concern for the poor ) rather than pursuing their true self interest ( maximal hawkishness on the Middle East , low tax rates on the rich ) as represented by the GOP .
Sullivan replies to Chait :
I worry about elements of proto - fascism becoming mainstream in the GOP .
But there is something particularly disturbing about the way in which neoconservatives , in their alliance with the Christianist heartland , increasingly argue for a strong and unchecked charismatic leader in the Palin / Bush mold , a disdain for reason in political life and a yearning for what Rubin calls an “ instinctual skill set ” in a leader …
Most American Jews , of course , retain a respect for learning , compassion for the other , and support for minorities ( Jews , for example , are the ethnic group most sympathetic to gay rights . )
But the Goldfarb - Krauthammer wing – that celebrates and believes in government torture , endorses the pulverization of Gazans with glee , and wants to attack Iran – is something else .
Something much darker .
Wieseltier ’s response entirely ignores the blatant stereotyping that Jennifer Rubin uses as the basis for her article as well as Chait ’s easy categorization of “ Jewish Republicans ” who identify their “ true self interest ” as “ maximal hawkishness on the Middle East . ”
Wieseltier instead goes after Sullivan :
I was not aware that [ Goldfarb and Krauthammer ] comprise a “ wing ” of American Jewry , or that American Jewry has “ wings . ”
What sets them apart from their more enlightened brethren is the unacceptability of their politics to Sullivan .
That is his criterion for dividing the American Jewish community into good Jews and bad Jews–a practice with a sordid history .
It is really quite something that the above cite is the closest Wieseltier gets to Sullivan “ hating on ” Jews .
No fair - minded observer could believe that is what is going on .
Sullivan posts a quote from DiA today that seems to offer a more reasonable explanation : that Sullivan is “ pigeonholing ” political actors which DiA acknowledges that “ we all do this to some extent , ” including Wieseltier himself .
However , I want to take a minute to defend discussing the religion ’s effect on politics in exactly the way Wieseltier is accusing Sullivan of , as today , most people ’s religious and political identities have become fused .
One ’s religion – whether it be evangelical Christianity , Judaism , Catholicism , Methodist , Islam , Buddhism , or whatever else – is a profound influence on one ’s outlook on the world and as such must be a matter for public debate and discussion .
Andrew Greeley for example makes this case with reference to Catholicism in The Catholic Myth .
He describes the profound effect growing up steeped in any mythology has on how any one sees the world , how it shapes our imagination and how we see how the world works .
Yet Leon Wieseltier either maintains that this type of thinking is out of bounds or that Charles Krauthammer ’s specifically are n’t based on his Jewishness :
Moreover , Krauthammer argues for his views ; the premises of his analysis are coldly clear , and may be engaged analytically , and when necessary refuted .
Unlike Sullivan , he does not present feelings as ideas … [ T ]he grounds of Krauthammer ’s opinions are no more to be found in , or reduced to , his Jewishness than the grounds of the contrary opinions –the contentions of dovish Jews who denounce torture , and oppose Israeli abuses in the Gaza war , and insist upon a diplomatic solution to the threat of an Iranian nuclear capability–are to be found in , or reduced to , their Jewishness .
All these “ wings ” are fervent Jews and friends of Israel .
There are many “ Jewish ” answers to these questions .
We all want the Torah on our side .
And the truth is that the Torah has almost nothing to do with it .
[ my emphasis ]
Parsing the bolded sentence closely , you can see how hedged it really is – how Wieseltier ’s actual point seems to be that there are multiple interpretations of Judaism and none should be called Judaism definitively .
Which of course Sullivan does not – which Wieseltier acknowledges .
But the clear intention of this passage is to claim that Sullivan is stereotyping Jews and reducing their political opinions by connecting them to Judaism .
Specifically , he is offended that Krauthammer ’s opinions are associated with his “ Jewishness ” when they are instead based on logical premises .
Yet this Jay Nordlinger profile of Charles Krauthammer in the National Review seems to offer Krauthammer himself refuting precisely these points .
[ Full access only to subscribers .
However , someone posted the whole thing at the rightwingforum . ]
Of Israel , Krauthammer has long been a leading student , defender , and explainer .
Asked the bald question of whether Israel will survive , he says , “ If it does n’t , I think it will mark the beginning of the terminal decay of Western civilization . ”
He notes that he is not a believer .
But he quotes from the Bible , where God tells Abraham — actually , Abram , at that point — “ I will bless them that bless thee , and curse him that curseth thee . ”
It is interesting , if only as a historical matter , that those nations that have been kind to the Jews have flourished , and those that have not , have not .
Krauthammer points to Spain , after 1492 .
“ And we do n’t even have to look at Germany , though that ’s an obvious example . ”
Krauthammer believes that Israel needs two things to survive : the will to live , and the support of the United States .
He believes that Israel has demonstrated a very great will to live , especially in its defeat of the “ second intifada . ”
And he has “ great faith in the goodness of America , ” a goodness that will not let Israel go to the dogs .
Europe could do all sorts of things to bedevil and imperil Israel : impose economic sanctions , prosecute Israeli soldiers , etc .
But the key is America .
And “ if we ever reach a point where we become indifferent to Israel , that will mark a great turn in the soul of our country . ”
Many Jews , particularly American ones , are nervous or scornful about the support that American evangelicals have shown for Israel .
They say that this support is double - edged , or bad news , or embarrassing .
Krauthammer will have none of it .
“ I embrace their support unequivocally and with gratitude .
And when I speak to Jewish groups , whether it ’s on the agenda or not , I make a point of scolding them .
I say , ‘ You may not want to hear this , and you may not have me back , but I ’m going to tell you something :
It is disgraceful , un -American , un - Jewish , ungrateful , the way you treat people who are so good to the Jewish people .
We are almost alone in the world .
And here we have 50 million Americans who willingly and enthusiastically support us .
You ’re going to throw them away , for what ?
Because of your prejudice . ’
Oh , I give ’em hell . ” [ my emhpases ]
So , let me be clear : Wieseltier claims that “ the ground of Krauthammer ’s opinions ” should n’t be “ found in , or reduced to , his Jewishness ” because Krauthammer ’s views are actually based on his cold and clear rational analysis of the world and that he does n’t present “ feelings as ideas . ”
To claim otherwise for Wieseltier is evidence of anti-Semitism .
Yet a recent profile of Krauthammer attributes to him the rather debatable view that “ as a historical matter , that those nations that have been kind to the Jews have flourished , and those that have not , have not ” as Krauthammer “ quotes from the Bible , where God tells Abraham — actually , Abram , at that point — ‘ I will bless them that bless thee , and curse him that curseth thee . ’ ” Krauthammer then brags that he scolds Jews who disdain people like Palin , saying : “ It is disgraceful , un - American , un - Jewish , ungrateful , the way you treat people who are so good to the Jewish people .
We are almost alone in the world . ”
In each instance , Krauthammer explicitly grounds his view of history and of foreign policy and national security in his Jewishness – and appeals to his audience to be properly “ Jewish ” and be grateful for the support Israel receives .
Yet – Wieseltier accuses Sullivan of “ demand[ing ]
Jews behave apologetically in America ” and “ defends ” Krauthammer ’s ideas as not being related to his “ Jewishness . ”
Absolutely ridiculous .
Wieseltier owes Andrew Sullivan an apology .
And The New Republic owes its readers a retraction .
Like Loading ...
$ 33.00 – $ 180.00
PROHIBITION THC INFUSED COFFEE
Contains 400mg THC in a 224 gram package of Ground Coffee .
Available in Columbian and Ethiopian and House Blend .
( if you have a preference please specify in the order notes )
Please note : Adding Milk or Whipped cream or some kind of fatty oil to the coffee will help with the bodies absorption of the THC .
It sounds like a lot of money , the $ 74.4 million that Michigan ’s counties spend annually on indigent defense .
But when one considers that only amounts to $ 7.35 per capita , it sounds like peanuts .
Michigan is far behind the national average , when it comes to spending on indigent defense , according to the House Fiscal Agency in its analysis of House Bill 5676 , which would create a statewide public defense system to provide appointed counsel to eligible people .
The bill was introduced late last year and was discussed by the House judiciary committee in December .
It will be on the committee ’s agenda again March 16 .
The national average for spending on indigent defense is $ 11.86 per person ; Michigan ranks 44th out of the 50 states , according to the HFA .
To bring Michgian up to average , the counties would have to spend $ 120 million .
Again , that sounds like a lot of dough , unless we consider that it ’s only $ 22 per capita .
Even in depressed economic times , that just doesnt sound like a lot of money to spend on adequate funding of our justice system .
And it does make sense that by spending so little , we ’re not getting the value we deserve .
By under - supporting indigent defense , we prop up a system which is often riddled with errors in sentencing , and in which the accused are represented by lawyers who frankly can’t make a living if they put in the hours it would take to properly do the job .
According to the HFA , the state ’s 83 counties have wildly varying compensation rates for lawyers who work in indigent defense .
On the low end is $ 40 per hour in Eaton County .
On the high end is $ 88.82 per hour in Ottawa County .
And I suppose that a lawyer can make a middle class living earning $ 40 an hour .
But also in the mix are the fee ( or event ) schedules , and low - bid flat - fee contracts , which lead to very low pay per hour , if the work is being done properly .
“ National recommendations indicate that compensation levels for public defense attorneys should be more on par with those of the prosecution , ” according to the analysis .
The bill calls for the estabishment of a Public Defense Commission , a State Office of Public Defense and Appellate Defense Bureau , and the establishment of regional offices to appoint public defense sttorneys .
Attorneys would be assigned to cases based on experience and training , and the bill would prohibit excessive case workloads .
All costs associated with public defense would shift to the state , according to the HFA .
“ Because of ongoing budget constraints and lack of oversight from the state , the amount counties currently pay for public defense is more a function of what their budgets will allow rather than what would truly be considered ‘ reasonable , ' ” stated the analysis .
In the long run , and possibly not - so - long run , the statewide system could actually save money .
According to the analysis , the State Appellate Defender Office had reported that between 2003 and 2007 , SADO had achieved a cumulative reduction in minimum prison terms ( as a result of sentencing errors ) of 122.5 years .
If it ’s assumed that the average cost of incarceration is $ 30,000 per inmate per year , SADO helped the state save $ 3.675 million in just five years .
There would also be a savings resulting from a reduction in wrongful convictions , the analysis said .
I ’ve got my doubts as to whether or not this bill has any legs .
It will be easy for some lawmakers to dismiss it , calling it too expensive .
But even if there was no cost savings from spending money to adequately fund defense , and even if taxpayers had to totally absorb the additional $ 5 per person per year to cover the costs , it would be worth every nickel .
That ’s the cost of justice .
Recently I ’ve been watching reruns of Eyes on the Prize–the old PBS documentary about the history of the civil rights movement–and a thought keeps barging in that was n’t there when I first saw it back in 1987 :
Why does n’t the Communist Party get some air time in this program ?
U.S. - based Communists made significant contributions to the civil rights struggle , but you would n’t know it from most documentaries and history books , which make room for radical political figures like , say , Malcolm X , but ignore people like William L. Patterson , Benjamin Davis , William Z. Foster , and John Gates .
Until fairly recently , I was clueless myself , and I had no idea that American Communists had been effective participants in the fight for civil rights that rapidly gained strength after World War II .
Or that there was a Communist - backed group , the Civil Rights Congress ( CRC ) , whose members made a mark through their support of black criminal defendants like Willie McGee , the Martinsville Seven , and the Trenton Six .
I know more now –for the past few years , I ’ve been working on a nonfiction book about the McGee case–but I can assure you that , for most people , this is history that does n’t exist .
Mention Patterson or the CRC and you ’ll draw blank stares .
My book , The Eyes of Willie McGee , tells a true story of race , rape , and Jim Crow justice whose details will , I hope , bring new attention to a neglected part of civil rights history –the years between the end of the war and 1954 , when Brown v. Board of Education , Rosa Parks , and Martin Luther King ushered in the golden - age period that is the primary focus of Eyes on the Prize .
But there was a lot going on before that , including episodes of incredible race - based violence that ought to be familiar to all Americans , but are n’t .
For example , most of us know about the 1955 lynching of 14 - year - old Emmett Till in Money , Mississippi , which happened after he allegedly whistled at a white woman .
Most of us do n’t know about Ernest Lang and Charles Green , a pair of 14 - year - olds who were brutally lynched in south Mississippi in 1942 , based on a sketchy claim that they ’d sexually assaulted a teenage white girl .
In those days–and well into the postwar period , which saw an eruption of lynching violence starting in 1946 – mainstream news organizations still tended to bury their reports on such atrocities or ignore them altogether .
As a result , the most substantial coverage usually appeared in the African - American press and The Daily Worker .
In the Worker , correspondents like Harold Lightcap–a .k.a.
Harry Raymond , an old - school reporter who covered everything from the Columbia , Tennessee , riots of 1946 to the Willie Earle lynching of 1947 to the McGee case–created a detailed ( if sensationalized ) journalistic record that , slowly but surely , began to be matched by newspapers like The New York Times and The Washington Post .
The McGee case is the best example of how the left ’s journalistic witness boosted public awareness .
The story began in November 1945 , when McGee–a poor , semi-literate African - American truck driver from Laurel , Mississippi–was arrested and charged with raping a white housewife named Willette Hawkins .
In the aftermath , he narrowly escaped getting lynched .
As was common practice in Mississippi by the 1940s , he was jailed in a fortress - like lockup in Jackson , the capital city , and brought back to Laurel for trial under heavily armed guard .
His first trial lasted only a day and featured court - appointed defense attorneys who barely asked any questions .
McGee was hauled into court wearing a helmet , so terrified that he could n’t or would n’t speak .
An all - white , all - male jury found him guilty in 2 1/ 2 minutes and sentenced him to death .
The Daily Worker published a brief story about the trial that caught the eye of George Marshall , a white Communist who , at the time , was running a New York - based CRC precursor called the National Federation for Constitutional Liberties .
Behind the scenes , Marshall arranged for a successful appeal , which was followed by a dramatic five - year period of trials , retrials , ever - growing protests , and additional courtroom fights .
It all ended grimly , with McGee ’s execution in Mississippi’s “ portable ” electric chair on May 8 , 1951 .
But though the fight to save McGee ’s life failed , the effort to bring his story to the world worked amazingly well , thanks largely to the efforts of William Patterson–an African - American Communist who took over the CRC in 1948 , after Marshall was jailed on a politically motivated Red Scare charge–and the appeals court work of a young Bella Abzug .
By the end , President Harry S. Truman was receiving hundred of telegrams and letters every week , demanding that he save McGee from a sentence –death for rape–that in Mississippi was only applied to black defendants .
McGee ’s plight made headlines everywhere , from Memphis to Marseilles to Moscow .
In my rendition of the case – which is based on thousands of hours of archival research , interviews , and Freedom of Information Act requests –the Communist Party is not lauded at every turn .
Late in the case , the CRC began publicly pushing a claim by McGee that the real story involved a love affair , not rape .
He said that Mrs. Hawkins had trapped him into a long - running relationship that ended only when her husband found out , and that she “ cried rape ” to save herself .
As it turns out , this alibi has serious holes in it .
I believe the CRC knew this , but persisted with the story anyway , in a desperate attempt to save McGee ’s life against unfair , unbeatable odds .
Ever since then , the woman has been routinely vilified , when the real blame for McGee ’s fate ought to lie with that era ’s local , state , and federal courts .
On balance , though , the case is a bright spot in the history of American Communism .
Back then , the party line on the right–and among “ liberal ” anti-Communist Democrats –was that the Communists were simply using McGee as a propaganda tool and cared nothing about him as a person .
That ’s not true , a fact that becomes abundantly clear when you look at the moving correspondence that flowed between McGee and CRC personnel like Patterson , Aubrey Grossman , Abraham Isserman , and Lottie Gordon .
To claim otherwise denigrates the commitment of individuals who put themselves on the line for civil rights , long before it was fashionable to do so .
More Americans need to know about who they were and what they did .
Alex Heard is editorial director at Outside magazine in Santa Fe , New Mexico .
He has worked as an editor or writer with various publications , including Wired , The New York Times Magazine , The Washington Post Magazine , Spy , Slate , and The New Republic .
His upcoming book The Eyes of Willie McGee will be release in May 2010 .
Go to the author ’s website , The Eyes of Willie McGee , for updates on the book or to have a conversation with the author .
Photo : Image from the Daily Worker archives at NYU ’s Tamiment Library .
WAITING IN LINE WAITING IN LINE How Bluetooth can measure airport security wait times : 1 . Passenger enters security line with personal electronic device .
2 . Bluetooth receiver picks up signal from the device and records the time .
3 . Passenger exits security checkpoint .
4 . A second Bluetooth receiver records exit time from the same device and calculates the time elapsed between the first and second measurements .
Source : Darcy Bullock , Purdue University WASHINGTON 
Today 's smartphones and PDAs could have a new use in the nation 's airports : helping passengers avoid long lines at security checkpoints .
The Transportation Security Administration is looking at installing devices in airports that home in and detect personal electronic equipment .
The aim is to track how long people are stuck in security lines .
Information about wait times could then be posted on websites and in airports across the country .
" This technology will produce valuable data that can be used in a variety of ways , " TSA spokeswoman Lauren Gaches said , noting it could help prevent checkpoint snarls .
But civil - liberties experts worry that such a system enables the government to track people 's whereabouts .
" It 's serious business when the government begins to get near people 's personal - communication devices , " said American Civil Liberties Union privacy expert Jay Stanley .
SHOES ON : New scanners could speed up security lines BODY SCANNERS : Headed to 11 major airports
The TSA is in the early phases of exploring the technology , which Purdue University researchers tested for a month last year at Indianapolis International Airport .
Thumbnail - size receivers near checkpoints detected serial numbers emitted by some electronic devices being carried by passengers .
The receivers recorded the time when a passenger entered a security line and the time when the same passenger cleared the checkpoint , Purdue transportation engineer Darcy Bullock said .
Only part of each serial number was recorded , and the numbers were quickly deleted , he said .
Some electronic devices automatically broadcast , or " chirp , " their serial number every 15 - 20 seconds when they are turned on .
People can set their devices so they do n't broadcast .
Bullock found he could detect signals from 6 % to 10 % of Indianapolis passengers .
" We sit there and listen , capturing the unique identifier , " Bullock said .
Marc Rotenberg of the Electronic Privacy Information Center said Bullock 's current system minimizes privacy risk by recording partial serial numbers .
But he worries that could change .
Airports Council International security chief Christopher Bidwell said wait - time information would remove some uncertainty of air travel " especially if that information is real - time , up - to - date and accurate . "
A few European airports have started using such systems , the TSA said .
London 's Heathrow Airport is working with airlines to start using the technology , airport spokeswoman Mary Kearney said .
The TSA used to post information on its website that listed average wait times during the previous month .
Measurements were done with time - stamped cards that screeners handed passengers as they entered and cleared a checkpoint .
The TSA stopped those measurements in 2008 to focus more on security .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The Bloomberg administration is planning to require more homeless families to get jobs in order to qualify for rent subsidies , city officials said Tuesday .
For the last three years , the city had provided certain homeless families with vouchers good for one or two years of free or steeply discounted rent .
Since the program began , more than 18,000 families , and some single adults , have received the so - called Advantage vouchers , more than 7,500 of them last year .
Most of those families qualified for the vouchers because they had already found work , and as a result were eligible to pay only $ 50 toward their rent each month for up to two years .
But families who had become the subject of child welfare investigations were granted an even - more - generous voucher , good for up to two years of free rent — because of their vulnerability .
Now the Bloomberg administration is seeking to require that nearly all families have at least one member with a job before they receive a rent subsidy .
Participants would also pay more toward their rent — rather than $ 50 a month , they would be required to pay 30 percent of their income during the first year of the subsidy .
During the second year , they would pay 50 percent of the total rent .
Airlines and air flights are proved to be the fastest means of travel and transport from one destination to another and are functional for last sixty years .
Initially all the airlines were government owned but now many independent airlines have come up in the recent decades .
But all the airlines are still under strict regulation of their respective country government .
So many airlines are operating across the globe with their routs predefined .
We can categories them domestic airlines as well as international airline flights .
Basically all the international airline flights help the people to travel long distances from one country to another saving your precious time .
You can move from one corner of the world to another with international airline flights is now just a matter of few hours .
So we must oblige to the international airline flights .
Sophisticated call management , enabling you to configure your phone system across the entire company , regardless of location or device .
Optimize communication with custom admin and user configurations online or using the mobile app .
Call management features include :
Answering rules
Call forwarding
Call transfer
Call screening
Call flip
Call logs
Presence
Notifications
Shared lines *
Call park
Intercom *
Paging *
* Not available with Essentials .
The man had no idea the vehicle belonged to the police , and it was coincidence that the officers - who were walking by their parked car - discovered him just as he was about to take the drugs .
Stoblobs :
Find two similar pieces , click them to remove from the board .
Clear all pieces to level up .
The six men were all based at Goojerat Barracks in Colchester , Essex Eight Iraqis have been arrested over the deaths of six Royal Military Police officers in 2003 , the BBC has learned .
The Red Caps were killed by a mob in the town of Majar al - Kabir in southern Iraq while they were on a routine operation to train local police .
An Army spokesman said a judge had indicated there was enough evidence for the suspects to face trial .
" We are assisting the Iraqi government in every way possible to secure convictions , " he added .
The six Red Caps killed included Sgt Simon Hamilton - Jewell , 41 , from Chessington , Surrey , and Cpl Russell Aston , 30 from Swadlincote , Derbyshire .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Cpl Paul Long , 24 , from Tyne and Wear , L / Cpl Benjamin McGowan Hyde , 23 , from Northallerton , North Yorkshire , L / Cpl Tom Keys , 20 , from Bala , North Wales , and Cpl Simon Miller , 21 , from Tyne and Wear , also died .
Cpl Aston 's father , Mike , told the BBC : " We are cock - a - hoop , quite honestly .
Those alleged killers murdered our sons in cold blood and we owe it to our sons to see that justice is done . "
L/ Cpl Keys 's father , Reg , also welcomed the news .
" We know for a fact that shortly after the Red Caps were killed there were Iraqi witnesses coming forward , " he told the BBC .
" They were disgusted - some of the town elders - by what had happened and they gave the names of the alleged killers to the investigating team shortly after the killings .
' Good news '
" We kept saying , ' You know who they are .
We know who they are .
For goodness sake , do something about it . ' "
L/ Cpl Hyde 's father , John , echoed their views , and said he was disappointed the accused men would not face the death penalty if found guilty .
ANALYSIS Angus Crawford , BBC News
Some relatives of the dead were highly critical of the UK government for passing the investigation over to the Iraqi authorities .
There was a perception of a lack of political will and little faith in the Iraqi system .
But behind the scenes , UK and US special forces were involved in operations to track down the suspects .
If the cases do ever come to court , it will be a major test for the new Iraqi justice system .
It will have to show the process is robust , fair and transparent .
But it is an opportunity to send a message that attacks on coalition forces do not go unpunished .
For the families , it may at last give them some answers .
" Would it make me feel any better if they 're convicted ?
No , it probably won't , " he told the BBC .
" Before the British forces and British government passed on all the details of the investigation ... the Iraqi government had to agree not to pass the death penalty ... these people will serve jail sentences if they 're found guilty . "
A total of 16 arrest warrants relating to the murders have been issued by the Iraqi authorities since 2006 .
Eleven people have been detained , with three later released due to lack of evidence or mistaken identity .
An Army spokesman said : " The UK government is committed to seeing the killers of the six Royal Military Police personnel brought to justice and our thoughts remain with the families of those who died throughout this difficult process .
" The case is now at the investigative stage where the judge reviews the evidence .
He has indicated that eight suspects now in custody will go to trial .
" This is good news and demonstrates the continued commitment of the Iraqi authorities to this case .
However , we should recognise that referral to trial does not inevitably lead to a conviction . "
' Poorly equipped '
The Iraqi criminal procedure involves two stages - an investigative stage and a trial stage .
During the former , a judge collects and reviews the evidence , often over a period of many months .
RED CAPS Sgt Simon Hamilton - Jewell , 41 Cpl Russell Aston , 30 Cpl Paul Long , 24 L/ Cpl Benjamin McGowan Hyde , 23 Cpl Simon Miller , 21 L/ Cpl Tom Keys , 20 The Army spokesman said : " We do not know how long this stage will take , and we must not unduly interfere with the Iraqi process .
" Officials in Baghdad and the UK are working to provide the judge with any supplementary information that he might require , including access to all RMP investigative material . "
Once the case comes to trial , a panel of judges , rather than a jury , will examine the evidence before coming to a verdict , usually in a matter of days .
The BBC understands there is no start date in place for a trial because the investigating judge has initiated a search for new witnesses and issued a request to the Iraqi interior ministry for any police reports relating to the murders .
But a Royal Military Police liaison officer has been sent to Baghdad to help the judge interpret evidence provided by the UK .
The security situation in Baghdad is also believed to have affected the pace of the investigation .
The justice ministry was heavily bombed last October and staff forced to move into temporary accommodation .
Baghdad 's main courthouse also suffered damage in an attack in December .
An inquest into the Red Caps ' killings in March 2006 found that the men had been given antiquated radios and inadequate ammunition .
But Coroner Nicholas Gardiner ruled that their deaths could not have been avoided .
However , the families of the men have called for an independent inquiry , arguing that negligence by Army personnel led to their deaths .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The AC Happy Hour is a place for the Associated Content Community to meet and interact with various members of Team AC .
Yesterday , the Harry Ransom Center at the University of Texas announced their acquisition of the David Foster Wallace archive .
The archive was assembled by Wallace ’s widow , Karen Green , and Bonnie Nadell , his long - time literary agent , from the mess of papers he had stashed in a dark garage overrun with spiders .
Nadell wrote in a blog post : “ I know there were people who felt David was too much of a ‘ look ma no hands ’ kind of writer , fast and clever and undisciplined .
Yet anyone reading through his notes to himself will see how scrupulous they are . ”
So what exactly is in the collection ?
We spoke with Molly Schwartzburg , the curator of British and American Literature at the Ransom Center .
The bulk , she told us , is comprised of the manuscript materials for his novels , including multiple drafts of “ Infinite Jest ” and “ Broom of the System , ” a single draft of “ Girl with Curious Hair , ” and annotated drafts for nearly all of his non-fiction essays , including several notebooks for “ A Supposedly Fun Thing I ’ll Never Do Again . ”
There are also some two hundred books from Wallace ’s own library .
“ Virtually all of the books are annotated , many are heavily annotated , ” Schwartzburg said , and noted that Wallace was especially fond of taking notes and compiling vocabulary lists on the inner cover .
The collection , heavy on contemporary fiction , contains nearly all of Wallace ’s friend Don DeLillo ’s novels , including some pre-publication typescripts .
Other titles include Malcolm Gladwell ’s “ Blink , ” and “ The Tipping Point , ” and Jonathan Franzen ’s “ Strong Motion . ”
“ Unfortunately , ” Schwartzburg said , “ there does not appear to be a copy of ‘ The Corrections . ’ ”
There is , however , a paperback copy of Mary Higgins Clark ’s pulpy suspense novel “ Where are the Children ? ” “ I have no context for it , but it looked like he was doing a rhetorical analysis of how gender relationships were playing out over the course of the novel , ” Schwartzburg told me .
“ He appeared to really engage with her and looked carefully at how she structured her narrative .
Clearly , he read very widely . ”
There ’s even a marked - up edition of the American Heritage Dictionary , in which Wallace circled words like “ witenagemot . ”
For Wallace scholars , the real jewel in the crown might be a battered , taped - together copy of Pam Cook ’s “ The Cinema Book , ” used as research for “ Infinite Jest . ”
His handwritten notes include multiple references to “ IJ ” and , according to a blog post by Scwartzburg , display a “ particular interest in sections on the idea of the auteur , the technology of deep focus cinematography , new wave cinema , the Hollywood star system , and most film genres ( with the notable exception of the ‘ gangster / crime film ’ ) . ”
The archive also contains an extensive amount of writing from Wallace ’s childhood and youth : a whimsical childhood poem about vikings , signed “ David Foster Wallace ” ; school essays about “ Pride and Prejudice ” and “ Moby Dick ” ; four issues of “ Sabrina , ” the Amherst humor magazine he co-founded with his roommate , Mark Costello .
For an author who leapt with astonishing rapidity from youthful promise into adult virtuosity , the juvenilia may prove especially illuminating .
Of course , the archive , which will become available to the public this fall , is missing one crucial element : material related to his posthumous novel , “ The Pale King . ”
Once the book is published — sometime next year , according to the latest reports — the Ransom Center will inherit this mountain of manuscripts .
At this point , Wallace fans will be able to take cold comfort in the fact that his archive is finally complete .
For more on Wallace , see D. T. Max ’s Life and Letters from 2009 .
And for more on the Ransom Center and why great writers ’ work ends up there , see Max ’s 2007 Letter from Austin .
1 / 10 Chevron Chevron
“ If you were to see a viking today , it ’s best that you go some other way , ” wrote a young but wise Wallace in “ Viking Poem . ”
Note the early use of his signature as “ David Foster Wallace ” at the top of the page .
( All images courtesy of the Harry Ransom Center . )
Well , here 's a bit of an interesting surprise -- Dell 's Inspiron One 19 all - in - one desktop , previously only announced for Japan and still not on Dell 's US website , kicking back at a Walmart in the US of A .
From the looks of it , the specs are more or less in line with what we 've heard before , including an 18.5 - inch widescreen display , a Pentium Dual Core E5400 processor , 4GB of RAM , and a 640 GB hard drive , along with a price said to be " around $ 600 . "
Unfortunately , there 's no indication of how widespread availability is right now , but feel free to let us know in comments if you happen to spot one .
[ Thanks , Steve ]
BREAKING : Anti-Police Protest Draws 50 , Takes Over Burnside in March to Cop Shop
Between 50 - 100 Portlanders marched tonight in protest of today 's fatal police shooting , temporarily closing down East Burnside and breaking an ATM and Starbucks window before peacefully dispersing .
Smashed ATM on E Burnside
Police and Commissioner Saltzman have not released any more details about the incident at Hoyt Arboretum in which an officer responded to a disturbance and wound up shooting an adult male .
But that did not stop the grassroots protest from marching on the Police Southeast Precinct , demanding accountability , transparency and an end to police shootings .
The crowd , which was not organized by a specific group but rallied through word - of - mouth and text message , met up in Colonel Summers park in SE Portland around 8 pm and marched to the Southeast Police Precinct on SE 47th and Burnside .
There , dozens of police met the protesters , who then broke off into small groups , meeting up again in Laurelhurst Park before again dispersing into the night .
According to multiple witnesses , there were no major clashes between the crowd and police but at least two protesters were pepper sprayed .
Kathryn Cates and a friend were walking by the protest as it gathered in Colonel Summers and decided to join .
Cates was frustrated that NPR this afternoon only had a short snippet of information about the shooting .
" My immediate reaction was I wanted to hear more , I wanted to know what ’s going on , " says Cates .
" We knew everything about the Aaron Campbell thing within a few minutes .
When the community is asking for more accountability , why the lockdown ?
We need to feel safe .
We do n’t know what happened to that guy .
We do n’t know if he was out for a jog , we do n’t know if he was black .
And now in the meantime the police get to put their story together . "
As the crowd moved up Burnside , someone seems to have thrown a rock through three windows of an insurance company next to Chopsticks II on Burnside , also smashing up a Wells Fargo ATM and the window of the Starbucks on the corner of 28th Avenue .
Brian Boshart was working the booth at the Laurelhurst Theater when the protest passed .
" I heard some sounds coming up the street , at first I thought it was caroling , " says Boshart .
" Then a crowd with sticks and full face bandana action blocked the street , turning over the newspaper boxes and shouting .
A guy came up to the window and said , ' The cops shot someone !
We 're rioting !'
They passed and then came the cop cars .
I counted 19 cop cars ! "
The protest smashed this insurance company window on E Burnside
I raced TV news vans on my bike to reach the tail end of the protest at the Southeast Precinct , but arrived just as a group of about a half dozen people masked with bandanas were walking away from the station , heading toward Laurelhurst Park .
Maybe 20 people regrouped at the small , dark playground in the center of Laurelhurst Park , but the immediate consensus was to disperse before anyone got arrested .
A few activists and I headed to the corner of the park , where we watched five police cars circle the neighborhood while discussing what went down .
" People are n't waiting to hear what happened today because the police do n't have any credibility , " said one protester .
Tentative plans are to rally again tomorrow at 6 pm in Colonel Summers .
More updates as they come .
Send information and photos to us here .
Ian
Officers outside SE Precinct .
Update 7:54 am : The Oregonian is reporting that the victim is a white man in his 40s who police were not able to identify yesterday .
The medical examiners office is planned for 10 AM this morning to ID the man and determine cause of death .
CNN taps Rick Sanchez 's Twitter responses for a " Talk to Rick " screen crawl showcasing viewer opinions .
But apparently nobody edits it , because anti-semitic commentary made it on the air during an interview with Wolf Blitzer on Israel policy .
First @ Beau1969 said , " Israel is greedy . "
Then @kingyahoo said , " It is simply posturing , Rick , do n't you know Israel is boss and USA , simply an obedient servant ?
Jewish lobby runs America . "
Notes Politico's Ben Smith : " Not even the ' Israel lobby ' ! " Video and screengrabs via Politico .
[ Politico ]
--
There 's certainly no secret to the success of the No - Name defense in New Jersey .
While much has been made of the team 's struggles to find some measure of offensive continuity over the final 15 games of the regular season , the Devils have continued to lead the League in fewest goals allowed , with 162 through 68 games .
Devils goalie Martin Brodeur certainly appreciates the tireless effort exhibited each night by the men in front of him .
"
We 're always battling , " Brodeur told NHL.com .
" Our defense is helped by good , solid center - man support .
We 're not just doing it one way but different ways .
We 're a good team and these guys are there and getting the job done year after year .
We 're always among the top 5 - 10 teams defensively and it's not just because we have a goalie .
We 're a good team .
Plus , these guys have committed themselves and they 're doing well , so I 'm happy to see when they get some recognition in the way that we play .
"
The days of Scott Stevens , Ken Daneyko and Scott Niedermayer manning the blue line are long gone .
Instead , Colin White Mark Fraser and recently - acquired Martin Skoula are clearing lanes and successfully starting the transition .
Perhaps when Paul Martin returns from his broken forearm -- possibly later this week -- the No - Name label will be removed for good .
" I think with Paul out this season , that was a big blow -- he'd be our most offensive - defenseman , " Salvador said .
" I guess when you look on paper and you do n't have a ( Chris ) Pronger or a ( Tomas ) Kaberle … it 's how efficient you play as a group and I think sometimes when you do n't have some of those superstars , you rely more on yourself to do more , produce more and play more consistent .
I think that 's what this group has done .
We keep the game simple and really just try and play within our means .
" When asked what he thought of the No - Name label , Lemaire smiled and said , " Do n't really care .
" In addition to their responsibility in their own end , these Devils defenders are getting a little offensive , too .
Greene , Salvador , Mottau and Skoula have combined for 3 goals and 11 points over the last four games .
Mottau scored his first goal since Nov. 28 in a loss to the Islanders on Saturday , and Skoula notched his first point -- an assist -- as a Devil in Monday 's victory against the Bruins .
" They play together , move the puck well and make the easy play , " Lemaire said .
" They 're trying more and more to bring some offense and they 're very steady .
We 've been talking about ( getting more scoring from our defense ) and trying to bring some ideas on how they can help offensively during practice .
They 've been doing it .
Some have done it and have had success .
"
The strong defensive play has put the organization in the running for the William Jennings Trophy , awarded to the goalie or goalies having played a minimum of 25 games for the team with the fewest goals allowed during the regular season .
The Devils have won the Jennings four times -- most recently in 2003 - 04 -- when they yielded 164 goals in 82 games .
" It 's not something we 've discussed , " Salvador said of the Jennings Trophy .
" I think the main focus is winning the Stanley Cup .
Those other trophies or awards are obviously great achievements , but you can win a lot of awards and not the Stanley Cup and the season does n't really mean that much .
You get to the point in your career where you really want to win and that 's the most important thing .
When your career is over , you 're not going to hear , ' How many Jennings Trophy teams were you on ? '" They want to know how many Cups you 've won , so that 's been a focus here in this organization for years and they 've had great success in being strong defensively .
Along the way , some of those other accolades have come along with it .
" Martin , who could return to the Devils ' blue line as early as Saturday , certainly has been encouraged by the play of his team along the back end during his 59 - game absence .
" They 've been great all year , " Martin said .
" We hit a little rough spot , but it seems they 're working their way out of it .
It 's a good team in here , and the better they play the more excited I am or anyone else would be . "
Twin Galaxies Announces New York 's Hank Chien As New All - Time Champion
By : Twin Galaxies International
End
-- While official gaming scorekeepers Twin Galaxies have been busy watching the World Record score on New Super Mario Bros .
Wii changing almost daily , a New York man has taken Mario 's first adventure to never before seen heights .
35 - year - old plastic surgeon Hank Chien of New York , New York has set a new World Record on the original Donkey Kong arcade game , racking up 1,061,700 points in 2 hours , 35 minutes according to Twin Galaxies officials , ending the game on the famed " kill screen " glitch that does not allow play to continue .
Chien 's new scoring mark beats the 1,050,200 point record score set by Florida 's Billy Mitchell at a live event in Florida in July 2007 .
Twin Galaxies officials David Nelson of New Hampshire and Eric Akeson of Washington state verified Hank Chien 's record game , done on an original Donkey Kong machine in New York .
Twin Galaxies International has served as the official scorekeeping organization for video gaming since it 's formation in 1981 .
Recognized by Guinness World Records and international news sources , www.TwinGalaxies.com contains record times and scores from it 's inception up to the most modern hits for the Nintendo Wii , XBox 360 , Nintendo DS , and PlayStation 3 .
The international organization is being used to verify the winner of 2 KSports $ 1,000,000 prize for the new Major League Baseball 2k10 video game .
As a leading publisher gamigo offers various Free2 Play MMORPGs and MMOGs .
In our catalogue you will find a large selection of different Free2 Play Games , both as downloadable clients as well as browser games .
Choose your free online game be it in manga , fantasy or martial arts style .
Dive into fantastic worlds , experience epic battles and explore exciting dungeons with your guild .
At the beginning of your adventure you should choose wisely whether you want to be a warrior , a knight , a mage or a gunslinger .
Each character class in our MMOGs has its own strengths and weaknesses .
You want to play a fearless meele fighter or a sneaky ranger ?
The decision is in your hands !
Play now our Free2 Play Browser games or download the best Client games directly to your Computer .
Immerse yourself in our MMORPG worlds with all your friends simultaneously - Experience Online Games !
We must be special .
Turns out , Rockstar Games , arguably the tightest - lipped publisher / developer on the block , who rule their media presentations with an iron fist ( in that they 're very controlled and context - driven ) , decided it would be a good idea to give one Australian online outlet a no-holds barred free - reign run of the Red Dead Redemption game - world .
They chose .
So from 9 am until 6 pm ( with a lunch break ) that 's what I did ; mounted my virtual horse and explored one of the most exciting , grim and rich open - worlds to ever grace gaming .
We 've talked passionately about this product since our initial preview session with it , and in each and every iteration it has done nothing but impress with the culmination being this pre-gold build and my seven - odd hours with it .
For the sake of truly covering all aspects of the combined mechanics of Red Dead Redemption , we 'll spread this coverage over two days , focusing today on the game - world itself , its ecology and relationship with John Marston , and how it manifests into one of the most coherent environments you 'll ever experience .
Because nothing here is bells , whistles or superfluity ; it 's engaging , deeply rich and utterly symbiotic to the player .
Red Dead Redemption is set in semi-fictional states and territories of the United States in the year 1911 ( discovered only by reading an in - game newspaper ) .
History buffs could likely discern the year from the game 's opening dialogue ; happening between various passengers sitting on the same train as Marston as he makes his way to the town of Armadillo , who spout era-specific comments derived from important moments in US history .
But like so much of the game 's deeper plot , nothing here is directly served to you .
It 's a tumultuous time in the US with the ever - expanding government vying for greater control of the country along with subsequent taxing of its denizens for varying initiatives and government - run social services , raising the ire of many citizens as yet untouched by government control or mandate .
But the Civil War is some 46 years over , and the country is moving forward with industrial expansion in the form of railroads , banking , cars and even flight .
The FBI is in its infancy , and untrustworthy in the eyes of local law enforcement .
But for reasons I wo n't spoil , Marston is directed by government agents to engage the sheriff of Armadillo and parts beyond , which ultimately leads to his conquest of the land .
In talking about the player 's symbiotic relationship with the game , Red Dead Redemption does a stand - up job educating anyone not versed in the country 's history , while maintaining that signature Rockstar commentary of social standing .
What 's interesting is just how much more poignant the ambient commentaries throughout Red Dead Redemption are than those found , and writhe , in Grand Theft Auto IV .
Here there 's a greater ability to point at just why certain American mindsets have remained marginally unchanged in the last 99 years .
There 's more fun to be had with it , too .
Like most Rockstar Games , narrative is passed voraciously through travel dialogue between characters , which helps shape the world around you , flesh out important players in the game 's story , and give you bait with which to decide how to treat the environment at large .
It 's not too long , however , before you 're given the tools you essentially need to survive the untamed world and its many dangers and delights .
In 1911 , the US was a scattered collection of towns and encampments , reminiscent of the nomadic settlements of the Mongols centuries earlier ( and in truth just as reticent for unification ) .
A single railroad bypassing one town could mean its ultimate demise though ( this is evidenced in the game ) , and as such prosperity was witnessed where there wereto witness it .
This is equally true of the geography and town planning for Red Dead Redemption .
Early in the game Marston finds himself travelling between the town of Armadillo and the MacFarlane Ranch before expanding his travels to parts unknown , but even this seemingly short distance comes with a heady dose of realistic landscaping .
Almost all travel is performed via horseback or stagecoach ( the former being the major bearer of your travel weight though ) , and much of this is interesting based exclusively on terrain , your mode of transport and just who , or what , is around at the time of encounter .
Similarly to GTA IV , Red Dead Redemption employs a realistic physics system alongside the highly touted ( and Rockstar - popularised ) NaturalMotion Euphoria for animation .
However , in extension of the aforementioned game , animals throughout the game - world are imbued with the system ; the most important of which is horses .
What this adds to the game is a seminal level of excitement of the Western movie genre kind .
Ultimately , stunts are free - form and without script .
The same could definitely have been said of GTA IV , but in Red Dead Redemption , with it 's lightened cast of ambient characters and NPCs , it has a more impactful role .
Moreover , treating your horse with care and respect will result in an earlier bond ; ergo better performance for a greater gameplay reward .
This is done by not pushing the animal too hard , whistling for it instead of just stealing the closest one to you , and feeding it apples .
Early on in your experience the default horse becomes easily attached to you , but soon after you 're gifted a rare and agile stallion for breaking it in ( which is performed via a relatively easy but fun mini game ) , which becomes much more attached .
In keeping with the time , Marston can earn money for jobs completed or by gambling .
You can , of course , loot dead bodies also , but money is n't nearly as easily accessible as it was in GTA IV , and you 'll find spending a much more thoughtful task as a result .
You can use it to hitch a ride on a stagecoach ( much like taxis in GTA IV , replete with a scenic ride across the way ) , rent a room , a room , buy provisions or try your luck .
Each town has various options for the discerning Gamblor in you , with poker , craps , five finger fillet , horseshoe throwing and more on option .
Most are easy enough to play ( I had trouble with the horseshoe at first , but picked it up pretty quickly ) , however , the exception in the games I did play was definitely Five Finger Fillet , which requires rapid input of a code of face buttons ; miss and you hear ( and ultimately ) the point of your knife bite your finger .
Each of these is a great and inviting distraction from the main game , but the biggest and most engaging of these is definitely the game 's Survival Challenges .
Early on in the game , pointing your weapon skyward and shooting a buzzard will prompt the beginning of your Hunting Challenges .
These are essentially tiered requisites that employ you to hunt various numbers of specific animals .
The further you get into these , the more difficult they become .
Moreover , once any animal is shot , you can use its corpse for skinning or food , both of which can be sold or used later on in the quest for new outfits or to just replenish health .
There are also other challenges available , such as having to pick certain flowers or herbs from the land , and while they 're available as challenges , they also later rear their heads as side - quests for various NPCs riddled throughout the land .
As suggested though , none of this is simply in place to pass the time , there 's a serious ecosystem here with a veritable food - chain among the game - world 's animals , some of which you might find yourself in the path of .
Snakes , buzzards , rabbits , armadillos , coyotes , wolves , horses , cattle , boars , bears - oh my .
In the time I logged in the game I 'd only scratched the surface of interacting with this system , but seeing it take shape and work - independently - around you is definitely a driving factor of feeling like you 're part of a larger , more robust world .
Red Dead Redemption is not played through levels or area unlocking , it 's played by real - world rules , with real - world focus .
Similarly to Fallout 3 , and in keeping with this preview 's purpose of explaining the game - world 's ecology , buzzards circling off in the distance denote death or destruction , giving you a focal point of direction should you want to investigate .
Usually you 'll find death at the base of these , either recent or long gone , but it's also another factor of the game mentioned earlier ; a grim stake on the very real world Red Dead is based from .
All the political chagrin of the time barely represents the nature of the ' Wild West ' - this was a time of emergent crime ; gun-slinging , oppression , rape , murder , and destruction .
This is reiterated over and over as you play , a great example of which saw , without pretext , an elderly man kneeling on the side of the path mourning with deliberation over what could only have been his dead wife , who was lying in a pool of blood .
There was no context to this , only that it happened , and you saw the aftermath - keep on riding .
Finally , the environment itself is wrought with life .
Red Dead Redemption 's massive game - world ( of which I only saw one area in seven - odd hours of play , and not even all of it ) has its own character that shifts with seasonal change , weather and day and night .
In the whole time I played I barely saw the same thing twice , despite visiting various areas multiple times .
This is caused through different visual sheens brought about by differences between overcast , rain , sun , storm , sunrise , sunset and more .
The day and night system seems somewhat lengthier than other games , and the game - world itself changes depending on the time of day .
At night , stores close and the thoroughfare of a town becomes ghostly .
Walk into a saloon , however , and life 's a party - gambling , drinking , raucous conversation , drunks , ladies of the night and more colour the watering hole 's innards , and you can pretty much interact with most of it ( though no propositioning ladies , much to my dismay ) .
Equally , out on the lam , night becomes a dangerous place with wolves prowling for prey , bandits scouring the land and where undesirables ( such as cannibals ) feed off the game 's rich life - blood .
The geography of the land is also just as colourful as everything else that has gone into making this one of the richest places to explore .
Fauna , land features and more change depending on ecology .
For example , the closer you get to larger masses of water , the more green and damp the environment .
The more inland you go , the more arid everything becomes , and so forth .
This equally effects what animals you 're likely to encounter , and even the types of people you come across .
What 's important about all of this is just how it overlaps , interacts and builds .
There 's no separate algorithm for each individual aspect , they combine and coalesce in random emergent life ; realistically working together in whatever capacity they 're supposed to .
If a traveller is stranded in the hills at night , he 's likely going to have to fend off wolves .
You could probably hogtie a township denizen , take him out and leave him just to see what happens , and there 's actually definitive consequence for many of your actions in Red Dead Redemption .
My first Quick Draw challenge saw me gunning down my challenger without a problem ; leaving him lifeless in the middle of Armadillo 's thoroughfare .
I walked off and triggered a story sequence with the town 's sheriff and emerged sometime later to find my challenger 's body gone , but a pool of blood was still marking the spot where he died .
I walked over to , and through , the blood and started tracking it with each subsequent step denoting its freshness .
And finally , I accidentally shot a land - owner I was supposed to buy a deed for his property off , when I took the deed back to the quest - giver , he remarked it was covered in blood and that I might have to bear the wrath of his son when next I travelled to a specific town - my Rockstar representative sat shocked having never seen that outcome before .
All of the above is a basic dissection of the life of the game .
Red Dead Redemption is an open - world title unlike any other , where your part in its ecology is just as important as your reason for being there .
The Challenges , economy , denizens , travel , geography , weather , natural order and more all work in perfect unison , and anythingharmony .
The world of Red Dead Redemption is a brutal and oft times bleak place to be , yet it 's life as was known of the time ( making it all the more scary ) , and still you need to make your way through it .
And despite this , there 's still something utterly engaging about it .
Make no mistake , none of the above is to suggest this is essentially a Wild West Simulator - far from it .
What it is , is simply a game - world with actuality , consequence and purpose .
Everything that exists here is has a reason for existing , and while you 're most definitely the one experiencing it , it never feels like it 's just been placed there for your benefit , rather that you 're simply a traveller passing through and bearing witness .
Stay tuned for part 2 of our extended coverage tomorrow , which will actually look at the gameplay system , and how all of the above fits into player tasks , narrative and progression .
And seriously , even with both days of coverage , I can guarantee you we 've barely scratched Red Dead Redemption 's richly detailed surface .
For more Red Dead Redemption news , features , screens and video , be sure to check out our game page
I ’m a groovy cat who ’s into technology , Eastern Thought , and house music .
I ’m a proud and dedicated father to the coolest little guy on the planet ( seriously , I 'm NOT biased ) .
I ’m fascinated by ninjas , the Internet , and anybody who can balance objects on their nose for long periods of time .
I have a utility belt full of programming languages and a database of all my knowledge on databases ...
I practice code fu .
Oh , I 've also done actual Kung Fu , and have a black belt in Tae Kwon Do .
I run . I meditate .
I dance .
I blog at PaulSpoerry.com , tweet @PaulSpoerry , and I 'm here on Google + .
I 'm currently work for IBM developing web enabled insurance applications for IBM and support and develop a non-profit called The LittleBigFund .
DISCLAIMER : This article was migrated from the old blog thus may contain formatting and content differences compared to the original post .
Additionally , it likely contains technical inaccuracies , opinions that I may no longer align with , and most certainly poor use of English ( I was young and foolish : ) ) .
This article remains public for those who may find it useful despite its flaws .
The Khronos Group continues the progress of streamlining the OpenGL API .
One very important step in this battle has been made just a few days ago by releasing two concurrent core releases of the OpenGL specification , namely version 3.3 and 4.0 .
This is a major update of the standard containing many revolutionary additions to the tool - set of OpenGL that need careful examination .
In this article I would like to talk about these new features trying to point out their importance and touching also some practical use case scenarios .
This is the fourth revision of the OpenGL API standard in the last two years .
This fast pace revolution started about one and half years ago with the release of the version 3.0 of the specification .
At that time , a great feel of disappointment has overcame the developers due to the lack of the promised rewrite of the whole API .
Others , who had to deal with legacy code were also disappointed but they felt so because the new revision of the API threatened them with removing old features .
These two opposing forces have put the Khronos Group into a situation where there was very difficult to make a decision that would make everybody happy .
After two releases , this issue has been mostly resolved with OpenGL 3.2 and also lots of missing features have been integrated into the core API meanwhile .
Even though great steps has been made in order to fulfill everybody ’s needs , the gap between the core functionality of OpenGL and the DirectX API still increased , especially due to the introduction of Shader Model 5.0 hardware .
OpenGL was in a position when it had to adopt the features of the new hardware generation and also try to make up leeway in case of Shader Model 4.0 hardware .
My personal wish was that there should be two new versions of the API : one that complements the OpenGL 3.x API with the missing features and another that catches up to DirectX 11 .
Actually my wish became true as the first time in the history of OpenGL we got two new releases of the standard at once , and finally , we got an API that is a really competitive alternative for Microsoft ’s DirectX API .
I think I can say this in the name of every OpenGL developer : Thank you Khronos !
Okay , but that ’s enough about history and acknowledgements .
Lets see what ’s under the hood of the new API revisions !
When I read the good news at OpenGL.org I felt myself like a child at Christmas just taking the first look at the presents under the tree : I was in great ecstasy and started to “ open the presents ” as fast as I could …
New features of OpenGL 3.3
Let ’s start with the new version of the API targeting Shader Model 4.x hardware .
It seems that the concentration on the major release 4.0 did n’t capture the attention of the ARB explicitly as we have many interesting features already in the first box …
This is a feature for what I ’ve seen many requests on the OpenGL discussion forums .
It enables fragment shaders to output an additional color per render target that can be used as a blending factor for either source or destination colors providing an additional degree of freedom to affect the way how fragments are blended into the destination buffers .
This is one functionality that is supported by the underlying hardware for a while but without API support it was impossible to take advantage of it .
As it is very straightforward how this feature works I would not even talk about it too much .
Just one additional comment : surprisingly AMD already supports this extension in its latest graphics drivers which is a remarkable thing taking in consideration that AMD drivers were always a step behind the NVIDIA ones in the race of adopting latest OpenGL features .
It seems that now AMD takes seriously the OpenGL support and this is good news for all the developers out there , especially for me , being an ATI fan .
Most probably not just for me , the way how the binding of vertex attributes to shader attributes and the binding of shader outputs to render targets happened earlier caused a big headache from both the point of view of modular software design and efficiency .
Previously , the application developer had little to no control over how to automatically connect these elements together in a shader independent way .
This tight coupling between the host application code and the shaders just make the work of the developers cumbersome .
This feature leverages the way how this binding process is done by allowing to globally assign a particular semantic meaning to an attribute location without knowing how that attribute will be named in any particular shader , decoupling the host application from the shaders .
This extension is a typical example how design abstractions can ease the life of the developer without any dependency on hardware support .
Well , there is n’t too much to say about this extension as it just adds a new occlusion query type that reports just a boolean value about the visibility of the object rather than the actual samples .
It is somewhat equivalent to the occlusion query extensions prior to ARB_occlusion_query .
Do n’t ask me why this feature is important but they felt that it might be useful .
One thing I can think about that with such a query we might get our results about the occlusion query of the proxy object sooner as we have to wait only till the first passed sample but I ’m not confident whether such thing is supported by either the hardware or the drivers .
This is one another feature that people have been waiting for years .
This extension decouples texture image data from sampler state .
Previously , if a texture image had to be used with different sampler modes , no matter if we talk about various filtering modes or texture coordinate wrapping , one had to do expensive state changes to modify the sampler state of the texture object , accomplish the needed filtering or wrapping from within shaders or , in worst case , duplicating texture image data in order to have access to the same texture with different sampler parameters .
The primary intend of this feature is to solve these problems .
One thing to remark regarding to this extension is that even though it is a long waited addition to the API , several people already expressed their discontent regarding to the fact that the texture unit semantics have been kept .
Nevertheless , I also expected that the introduction of this feature should be the point when the texture unit semantics has to go but after seeing the example of ARB_explicit_attrib_location as a way to decouple the shader code from the host application code I tend to agree with Khronos in this decision as we can think about the texture units from now as an adapter layer between GPU and CPU code and as such the decision seems reasonable .
This extension adds built - in functions for getting and setting the bit encoding for floating - point values in the OpenGL Shading Language .
As it is more like an indicator extension regarding to added functionality in the Shading Language I would rather not go into details as I will talk about the new Shading Language later .
Again , an extension that is quite self - explanatory : new texture image format called RGB10 _A2 with non-normalized unsigned integers in them .
This is nothing more than another hole filled in the gap between hardware and API support .
Especially when using one or two component texture formats , like in the case of shadow maps , the specification was somewhat unclear how these components are finally mapped to RGBA quadruples and provided little to no facilities to control this process .
If the developers were n’t already fed up with this , the possibility of a problem increased even further because often the driver implementations behaved differently as well .
This issue has been finally clarified with this extension by providing an explicit tool for the application developer to control the swizzling of the components that is done implicitly afterwards in case of every single texture fetch .
The new state is introduced as part of texture object state that provides fine grained control over when and how to use the swizzling .
According to the extension specification , this feature has a notable role in helping porting issues of legacy OpenGL applications as well as those of the games written for PlayStation 3 as the console provides such functionality already .
Prior to this extension , runtime performance measurements were limited to the use of client side timing information or relying on the use of offline profiling mechanisms like that of AMD ’s GPUPerfStudio .
During development , this timing information can help identify application , driver or GPU bottlenecks .
At runtime , this data can be used to dynamically optimize the scene to achieve reasonable frame rates .
While today ’s hardware provides a great repertoire of performance measurement metrics there was no API support to access these previously .
This feature provides an additional asynchronous query type that enables application developers to measure the driver and GPU time that is required to complete a set of rendering commands , thus providing additional flexibility for both offline and runtime optimizations .
While this extension does not guarantee 100 % consistency and repeatability , the information gathered with timer queries will definitely make it possible to identify server side bottlenecks and the reasons behind them .
Many people argued with me at the OpenGL discussion forums when I stated that instanced arrays should be included in core OpenGL .
Their reasoning was built on the fact that we already have the ARB_draw_instanced extension that provides a shader based thus much more flexible way to handle instanced geometry .
While from this point of view I tend to agree with them , there are many non-trivial use cases which prove that my reasoning is not pointless .
It seems that Khronos agrees with me regarding to this topic .
In a nutshell , the instanced arrays feature enables the use of vertex attributes as a source of instance data .
This is done by introducing a so called “ array divisor ” that specifies how the corresponding vertex attributes are mapped to instances .
Usually a vertex attribute advances on a per-vertex basis .
In case of instanced arrays this advance happens only after every Nth conceptual draw calls that is equivalent to a traditional draw command , excluding instanced draw commands .
One use case can be when one deals with huge number of instances where the per-instance data simply not fits into uniform buffers .
While in such cases one can use a texture buffer instead to source the instance data like it was mentioned in my article Uniform Buffers VS Texture Buffers , accepting the additional overhead of using texture fetches may prove to be a not - so - performance - wise decision .
Beside standard instancing use cases , there are plenty of nasty tricks that can be efficiently achieved using this feature but that goes far beyond the scope of this article and requires a separate discussion on what I will most probably recap in the near future .
We ’ve arrived to the final new extension included in core OpenGL 3.3 .
This is another gap filling extension to provide two new vertex attribute data formats : a signed and an unsigned format with 10 bits for each significant coordinate .
The most typical use of this format is to store vertex normals in the signed - normalized version of the format in order to have a compact ( 4 bytes per normal ) yet high precision ( due to 10 bits per component ) format that can reduce memory needs and bandwidth requirements while retaining sufficient precision .
Previously , there was no way to have such high precision for the vertex attributes in case of a 4 - byte footprint .
The OpenGL Shading Language 3.30
The first remarkable thing is the shift in the versioning of the Shading Language .
It seems that from now it will be in align with the core specification version .
This decision was most probably made because of the introduction of two release branches of the standard specification in order to avoid confusion regarding to the correspondence between API and Shading Language versioning .
As in case of talking about the OpenGL Shading Language it is much more difficult to easily summarize the new features with corresponding use cases I will simply limit my comments to an excerpt from its specification regarding to the features added in this new version :
Layout qualifiers can be used to declare the location of vertex shader inputs and fragment shader outputs in align with the API functionality provided by ARB_explicit_attrib_location as mentioned before .
Built - in functions provided to converting floating - point values to integer ones representing their encoding .
Some clarification of already existing facilities of the language .
New features of OpenGL 4.0
It is very obvious that the major version number change indicates that this revision of the specification is targeting Shader Model 5.0 hardware .
To be honest , as I was never really interested in DirectX , I barely know all the features introduced by DX11 but seems that there are some great facilities in OpenGL 4.0 that I ’ve never heard that hardware supports it .
This can be due to DX11 does not even support such functionalities but it is maybe because I do n’t know enough details about DX11 .
Anyway , let ’s see the revolutionary things that we face we checking out the latest version of the OpenGL specification …
Using this feature one is able to select individual blend equations and blend functions for each render target .
This extension was already exposed for a few months now so most probably everybody heard about it or even if not the functionality is very straightforward .
It simply removes some of the restrictions when dealing with multiple render targets ( MRT ) .
One interesting thing is still that the Khronos Group decided to include this extension in the 4.0 version of the API but not in 3.3 .
This is odd as Shader Model 4.0 capable hardware already supports this feature or at least I have the extension on my Radeon HD2600 which raises the question : why only in 4.0 ?
Unfortunately , I do n’t know the answer but I hope the ARB has a good reason behind this , as we will see later , there are other features that for some reason were only exposed in the latest version of the API but not in core for Shader Model 4.0 hardware .
In case of traditional multisample rendering the hardware optimizes the multisampling in a way that the fragment shader is executed only once for each fragment .
This can be done as the standard specification relaxes the way how the implementation behaves regarding to feeding color and texture coordinate values for each sample .
While this optimization usually does not provide any rendering artifacts and it heavily reduces the amount of pressure on the GPU , there are some situations when this optimization results in aliasing artifacts .
One sample use case is when alpha -tested primitives are rendered .
This extension provides a global state for enabling and disabling sample shading and a way to control how fine - grained per-sample shading should be by supplying a minimum number of samples that need to be shaded .
Beside this , it also introduces the required language elements to the OpenGL Shading Language to support sample shading .
In my humble opinion , this is one of the most important features introduced in this new version of the API specification .
So far , many engine and shader developers faced the problems that where inherently there in the Shading Language that heavily reduced the ability to create a modular shader design in order to separate the independent tasks done in shaders nowadays .
One initiative was the idea behind the EXT_separate_shader_objects extension .
While that extension removed the dependency between shader stages , it does not address the problem with tight coupling inside one shader stage , also the aforementioned extension defeats some of the design goals of the Shading Language introducing complicated language semantics in order to solve the problem of inter -stage dependency .
Just to emphasize the importance of this new functionality with a very basic example , let ’s take a simple rendering engine that supports skeletal animated geometry , materials and lights .
In such a use case both the vertex and fragment shaders have multiple roles : the vertex shader has to perform the skeletal animation ( property of the geometry ) and the view transformation ( property of the camera or of the light in case of shadow map rendering ) , and the fragment shader has to calculate the incident light to the surface point ( property of the light ) and then calculate the illuminance factor ( property of the material ) .
With the traditional tool - set these components of the shaders were tightly coupled and in order to support the combination of any geometry type ( animated or not , skeletal or morph animation , etc. ) , any light type ( directional , point , etc. ) and material type ( diffuse , phong , environment mapped , etc. ) , one had to compile all possible combinations of the shaders or create uber - shaders that do run-time decisions in order to solve the problem of heterogeneous inputs .
Both of these solutions provide additional hardware resource usage and possible runtime overhead .
This extension adds some kind of polymorphism support to shaders .
This way a single shader can include many alternative subroutines for a particular task and dynamically select through the API which subroutine is called from each call site .
This opens the doors for modular shader designs while retaining most of the performance of specialized shaders .
Yes , this is about the new geometry tessellation mechanism introduced by Shader Model 5.0 hardware .
The extension itself introduces three new stages that are roughly situated between the vertex shader and the geometry shader :
Tessellation Control Shader –
This new shader type operates on a patch that is actually nothing more than a fixed - size collection of vertices , each with per-vertex attributes and a number of associated per-patch attributes .
Also note that while it operates on a patch , it is invoked on a per-vertex basis .
The most important rule of this shader is to perturb the tessellation level for the patch that controls how finely the patch will be tesselated .
Usually think about a patch as a triangle or quad .
This shader is equivalent to DX11′s hull shader .
– This new shader type operates on a patch that is actually nothing more than a fixed - size collection of vertices , each with per-vertex attributes and a number of associated per-patch attributes .
Also note that while it operates on a patch , it is invoked on a per-vertex basis .
The most important rule of this shader is to perturb the tessellation level for the patch that controls how finely the patch will be tesselated .
Usually think about a patch as a triangle or quad .
This shader is equivalent to DX11′s hull shader .
Fixed - function tessellation primitive generator –
The role of this new stage is to subdivide the incoming patch based on the tessellation level and related configuration that the unit gets as input .
– The role of this new stage is to subdivide the incoming patch based on the tessellation level and related configuration that the unit gets as input .
Tessellation Evaluation Shader –
This new shader type is responsible of calculating the position and other attributes of the vertices produced by the tesselator .
This shader is equivalent to DX11′s domain shader .
One important thing to notice is that a new primitive type is introduced , namely a patch .
A patch on its own it is not directly or indirectly related to any traditional OpenGL primitive as it cannot be directly rendered .
It is used only as the input type for the tesselator , however , a patch supplies the control grid of the geometry to be generated via tessellation so in practice it is most likely to be equivalent with triangles or quads but it is important to remark the difference .
As this is maybe the most well known feature of Shader Model 5.0 hardware I would n’t like to talk about it more as everybody knows what is it for and it would be rather long to explain how to use it .
Also , it is not the intension of this article to fully cover the usage of all the new features , it is just a quick summarization of the new possibilities .
Yet another extension that introduces an additional format , now for texture buffers .
Previously , texture buffers supported only four - component formats , this is extended with three - component formats .
As currently there is no any practical use case in my mind when this can be useful , I would rather not come up with one .
However , my opinion is that these formats most probably work with reduced performance compared to the four - component ones even though the memory footprint and bandwidth usage is maybe somewhat lower , I have concerns regarding to alignment related performance issues .
Those who already use texture arrays to help batching issues and remove unnecessary state changes most probably adore this extension as it enables texture array capabilities also for cube map textures .
This comes handy especially in case when many materials use environment cube maps or when shadow cube maps are used for point lights .
To come up with even a more concrete example , you can render the shadow cube maps for many hundreds of point lights with a single draw call by taking advantage of the layered rendering capability of geometry shaders and the possibility to bind texture arrays as render targets .
One more thing to notice here is that cube map arrays are already supported by Shader Model 4.1 hardware so the question to the ARB is again there , however , as OpenGL 3.3 still targets Shader Model 4.0 hardware maybe we will see a 3.x version of the specification that will also include this extension .
The judgement is up to you whether you agree with me or not .
Another feature from the repertoire of Shader Model 4.1 .
This extension introduces new texture fetching functions to the Shading Language that determine a 2×2 footprint of the texture that would be used for linear filtering in a texture lookup and returns a vector consisting of the first component from each of the four texels in the footprint .
This is the so called Gather4 texture fetching mode and can be useful to accelerate percentage closer filtering of shadow maps as it can fetch four samples at once .
Still , there are some limitations on the use of this fetching mode , one important thing is that a shader cannot use normal and gather fetches on the same sampler .
This makes me think about whether this feature is not part of the sampler object state instead of being a Shading Language construct .
Anyway , as in typical use cases these limitations does not defeat the goal of the feature , I would not consider this problem a design issue .
The transform feedback mechanism already proved to me that is a great addition to the tool - set of graphics application developers .
This feature extends transform feedback with an object type that encapsulates transform feedback related state to enable configuration reuse .
Also it provides a way to pause and resume transform feedback mode if , for some reason , some rendering commands should be excluded from the feedback process .
The last and maybe most important benefit of this extension is the ability to draw primitives captured in transform feedback mode without querying the captured primitive count .
It is roughly equivalent to DX10′s AutoDraw feature and the purpose of it is to eliminate the need to query the number of previously generated primitives in order to supply it to an OpenGL draw command .
This solves the synchronization issues that previously happened between the CPU and the GPU .
One example is when a skeletal animated geometry has to be used in a multipass rendering technique .
We can think about traditional forward rendering or when dealing with multiple shadow maps that have to be generated .
Anyway , as the calculations needed to perform skeletal animation are rather expensive , it is wastage to perform these calculations in each pass .
A common way to solve this problem is to use transform feedback to capture the geometry emitted by a vertex shader that simply executes the skeletal animation on the input geometry .
In subsequent rendering passes this feedback buffer can be used to source the geometry data to eliminate the need to recompute the animation .
Without this extension , in such cases the application is most probably stalled until the feedback process ends as it needs to query the number of generated primitives .
With this extension , this is solved as we do n’t have to know the results of the previous transform feedback in order to issue a draw command that sources the data from the feedback buffer .
By the way , this seems to be logical as the information is already on the GPU so why it should ping - pong between the CPU and the GPU ?
As I mentioned before , the functionality provided by this extension is equivalent to DX10′s AutoDraw feature .
This time my question is really serious : why this feature have n’t been included in OpenGL 3.3 ?
It would provide a great benefit for those who use transform feedback and I do n’t see any reason behind not supporting it because , as far as I can tell , it is supported on the corresponding hardware .
Surprisingly , OpenGL 4.0 comes with another transform feedback extension as well but this time a true Shader Model 5.0 feature .
The new hardware generation has the ability to emit vertices from the geometry shader to multiple vertex streams .
In order to provide clever API support , the ARB decided to relax the previous limitation of transform feedback mode that output can be in either interleaved format or to separate buffers .
This new extension enables the use of both together also providing a way to group geometry shader outputs to groups in order to target the individual vertex streams .
The most important benefit of this feature is still that we have separate streams , each with its own primitive emission counter so the outputs should not necessarily have the same granularity .
This provide room for very clever rendering techniques .
As an example , remember NVIDIA ’s Skinned Instancing demo that used one draw call per geometry LOD to sort instance data on a per-LOD basis .
Using this extension , this preprocessing step can be done with a single draw call , but the abilities of this feature goes far beyond such a simple use case , I will also talk a bit about another in the next section .
One of my less technical notes is that it seems that the Khronos Group members have good sense of humor .
I realized this when I met the “ manbearbig ” when reading one of the examples in the extension specification .
We ’ve arrived to the most culminating point in the list of features introduced .
It is hard to say such a thing , but in my humble opinion this extension can be the Holy Grail of next generation rendering engines .
I will explain why I think so …
The extension provides a way to source the parameters of instanced draw commands from within buffer objects .
One naive use case would be to put all the rendering command parameters to a buffer object using the host application and then draw everything with a single command .
While this simple method already has its benefits , this feature provides much more flexibility than this .
The most revolutionary is that , using this extension , one is able to generate instanced draw commands with the GPU on - the - fly .
Together with ARB_transform_feedback3 it is possible to write a completely GPU based scene management system .
Those who remember my Instance Cloud Reduction ( ICR ) algorithm , presented in the article Instance culling using geometry shaders , know that the required synchronization points between the CPU and the GPU heavily limited the practical utility of the culling technique .
By taking advantage of the aforementioned features in case of ICR does not just eliminate the synchronization issues that I ’ve spoken of but makes the technique practical also in case of heavily heterogeneous scenes with virtually any number of geometries even if there are multiple number of LOD level for them , and this whole stuff can be done with even less number of draw calls than that of the demo that accompanied my article .
As soon as we will see OpenGL 4.0 capable drivers I will write an article about this technique , supplying also a reference implementation .
This extension provides new fragment shader texture functions , namely textureLOD * , that return the results of automatic LOD computations that would be performed if a texture lookup would be performed .
These functions return a two - component vector .
The X component of the result vector contains information about the mipmap level that would be used if a normal texture lookup would have been made with the same coordinates .
This value can be a concrete mipmap level or a value between two levels if trilinear filtering is in use .
The Y component of the result holds the computed LOD lambda - prime , see the OpenGL specification in order to check out where it is actually coming from and how it is calculated .
One interesting thing that this extension can be used for is when one implements some shader based filtering and addressing method for textures .
As an example , lets take a mega - texture implemented that uses a 3D texture for storage , without actual mipmaps , and the addressing , filtering and mipmapping is done with shader code .
As right now this is the only example that came into my mind and this is already awkward enough , I would rather leave the further discussion of the importance of this feature to more competent people .
Basically , this extension is nothing more than a big umbrella feature under what all the additional general or minor API changes go .
Just to sum up the miscellaneous features provided by this extension , here is an excerpt from the extension specification :
Support for indexing into arrays of samplers using non-constant indices .
Support for indexing into an array of uniform blocks .
Extending Gather4 with the ability to select any single component of a multi- component texture , to perform per-sample depth comparison , and to specify arbitrary offsets computed at runtime when gathering the 2×2 footprint .
Support for instanced geometry shaders , where a geometry shader may be run multiple times for each primitive .
For a full list of new facilities introduced by the extension refer to the extension specification .
This extension enables the use of double - precision floating - point data types and arithmetic from within shaders , also providing API entry points for double - precision data where it was missing .
While one may think that the added precision is somewhat wastage in case of real - time graphics , it is important to note that GPUs are more and more often used for scientific calculations , not even necessarily in case of graphics related tasks .
Taking in consideration this fact , the importance of double - precision floating - point support should not be underestimated .
Beside that , maybe standard graphics application developers can also take advantage of the higher precision in some extreme use case scenarios .
The OpenGL Shading Language 4.00
Beside what I ’ve already mentioned , there is no important thing to mention regarding to the Shading Language .
There where many changes but most of them are simply provide Shading Language support to the API extensions .
What I have n’t mentioned so far is the synchronization possibility for tessellation shaders , more implicit conversions , more integer functions , packing and unpacking facilities for floating - point formats and a new qualifier to force precision and disallow optimizations that re-order operations or treat different instances of the same operator with different precision .
Conclusion
I hope that some of you did n’t give up the reading so far .
Sorry , but it seems that this article gone wild and still did n’t manage to cover all the topics I intended to talk about .
But still , maybe I ’ll recap on those subjects later .
Where is direct state access ?
The original promise of eliminating the bind - to - modify semantics from the OpenGL API is still not done .
The first reaction of many people is still to ask this question .
While the bind - to - modify semantics is a rather annoying “ feature ” of OpenGL , I tend to state that if we are not talking about legacy OpenGL , the importance of direct state access is less and less relevant as we can already heavily reduce the number of state changes and API calls in our applications , thanks to the fast pace evolution of OpenGL .
I sincerely think that with a modern rendering engine design built upon the idioms behind the new versions of the OpenGL API one should not face any significant scalability issues due to the outdated bind - to - modify semantics but maybe I ’m wrong .
Personally , I have only one problem with the newly released specification versions that I ’ve already tried to emphasize several times : the fact that so far many Shader Model 4.x features are missing from the 3.x line of the API specification .
Hopefully that will be solved sooner or later , however addressing these issues should happen before the hardware to support will become outdated .
Anyway , we should not have any harsh complains as the Khronos Group did a great job again .
They managed to keep again the half - year schedule and they even published two parallel releases at once !
If someone still says that the DirectX API is superior compared to OpenGL should think it twice , as it seems that the tendency is that OpenGL just starts to evolve more and more fast .
Beside that as now also AMD is being active in the OpenGL world , we can expect good support from both industry and developer community point of view .
My respect for the Khronos Group and thanks for reading the article !
Eastenders The UK Woman 's Favourite Soap Opera !
What follows , according to the BBC 's archive of the series , is some of what transpired during the TWO CHRISTMAS DAY editions of the series .
Kat finds
Kelly but she ’s too late .
Zoe ’s done a runner .
Roxy beat up Kelly to find out where Zoe ran off to .
Kelly tells Kat where Zoe is .
Roxy tracks down Zoe and grabs her .
As she drags her to her car , Kat turns up just in time with Anthony .
She headbutts Roxy and rescues Zoe !
Trevor pushes
Mo ’s face in her Christmas dinner .
He knocks the plate to the floor , and throws his wife into it , making her eat the turkey .
Trevor breaks down and apologises .
Little Mo ’s covered in gravy but she forgives him .
She assures him that he ’ll make a wonderful father one day .
Trevor discovers Little Mo ’s contraceptive pills .
He ’s furious and he beats her up .
Meanwhile , Pat discovers Roy ’s watch from Jane .
Yes folks .
This is how the BBC spreads goodwill at Christmas .
Glad tidings , UK style !
Do n't UK women just love to see themselves being abused ?
They do n't want to escape from it .
They love it .
When it is n't actually happening in their own lives , they switch on their TVs by the million so that they can soak their consciousness in abuse , domestic assault , sexual harassment and violence .
There is no question that these are the things that turn on UK women .
They thirst for it .
They seek it .
They revel in it .
They talk about it .
And , clearly , they desperately want to experience it .
And they do so , every time that they tune in .
As far as the media are concerned , by continually portraying men as ' evil ' in some way , with women and children being the victims , sales of their products just grow and grow .
The TV soaps that women watch and the books that they like to read clearly demonstrate how much women enjoy material which portrays them as hapless victims and men as vile oppressors
Make their abuse sexual , and the number of interested women grows enormously ..
Make their abuse sexual , and the number of interested women grows enormously .
( Also see AH's Women Just Love Violent Men ) Indeed , one of the most sickening images that I have of the TV screen , one that has haunted me for some years now , and which will remain with me for life ( you know , like that little Vietnamese girl covered with burns , or JFK being shot ) relates to the evident sexual satisfaction that was being derived by two overweight , overbearing , middle - aged women ' social workers ' overtly bullying and verbally bludgeoning a FIVE - year old girl in an attempt to get her to accept the idea that her father had put his finger into her vagina on a regular basis ( which she consistently denied ) while , further , telling her , in no uncertain terms , that she would never be able to see her father again unless she changed her mind and confessed that he had fingered her .
" You wo n't be able to see Daddy until you tell us what he did when he put his finger ... ... " On and on .
Over and over again .
The girl was crying and repeatedly stating that her father had done nothing of the sort .
Remember : She was aged FIVE !
They would then calm her down , distract her with other things - such as an ' anatomical ' doll - and then go back to the threats .
This particular ' interview ' went on for TWO HOURS .
And it happened twice .
This was no soap .
This was no fiction .
I had this on tape , and when the missus and I watched it , we could barely believe our eyes and ears .
What we saw was sadistic sexual salivation over a five year old girl 's discomfort at having to talk about her vagina .
These malicious , sadistic , badgering women were , quite simply , turning themselves on in a sexual manner
There was absolutely no concern for the well - being of the child whatsoever .
These malicious , sadistic , badgering women were , quite simply , turning themselves on in a sexual manner by forcing the child to talk about sexual experiences that she had clearly never had , nor had ever thought about .
And their aim was obvious .
It was to break the little girl 's will , to make her engage in sexual talk , in detail , and it was coupled with what was clearly some perverse and , no doubt , delicious anticipation that they could tear apart the man whom they were desperate to destroy - through his own daughter .
It was truly , truly sickening .
These deeply obnoxious and flawed women were hell - bent on destroying this child 's bonds with her father - and his with hers - and they were determined to break their relationship for all time , no doubt with some further severe punishment in store for the innocent father - such as prison .
Can you even imagine what such a man would go through ?
Can you imagine what it must be like to have your daughter made to believe that you molested her by a couple of man-hating , sadistic , perverted women social workers , and then have this endorsed by a corrupt legal system more than willing to persecute and prosecute innocent men without any objective evidence ?
And what makes my blood boil even more ferociously over this issue is that these vile women are actually protected by the law and encouraged to behave in this manner by many of those in the child - abuse industry and by women 's groups .
Anyway - and moving on - for those who still remain sceptical about the fact that major soap producers are targeted by groups who want to demonise men and keep fuelling the belief that men are liars and abusers , here is just one example of the kind of thing that happens on a REGULAR basis .
( In this case , Brookside - CH4's biggest soap - is targeted by the NSPCC . )
Welfare workers demanded that scriptwriters change an " irresponsible " storyline which sees a nine - year - old boy make false allegations .
They feared it would lead to genuine victims being disbelieved , even though it is extremely rare for children to make up complaints of abuse .
Jim Harding , chief executive of the NSPCC , had a crunch meeting with producers of the Liverpool - based show .
... link now defunct Men must never be believed .
Only women and children tell the truth .
Even in fiction !
And this is what your money promotes when you donate to the NSPCC .
Anyway .
Here is part of Amazon 's review of this CHRISTMAS week 's TOP FEMALE fictional paperback bestseller , The Journey , by Danielle Steel .
For as Maddy enjoys more and more career success , Jack 's resentment and desire for control grows daily , and her life becomes hell in this fracturing marriage .
...
When Maddy joins the president 's wife in the latter 's newly formed commission on violence against women , the grim stories she hears from other terrified wives starts her on a journey which will help her break the cycle of fear she is living through .
Women in the UK just love to soak their consciousness in abuse .
Even over Christmas !
They love it .
They 'll pay for it , read pages and pages of it , gawp at their TV screens for hours to see it , demand huge funding to highlight it , talk incessantly about it , and they 'll sadistically abuse five year old girls and destroy their fathers to get sexual gratification from it .
That millions of women actually seek , almost daily , to be enmeshed in ' abuse ' ... is a FACT that dwarfs all the piffling ' research ' studies ever carried out in social science or psychology departments ...
That millions of women actually seek , almost daily , to be enmeshed in ' abuse ' - TV , radio , books , magazines , chat shows , real life !
- is a FACT that dwarfs all the piffling ' research ' studies ever carried out in social science or psychology departments that have purportedly investigated the nature of ' abuse ' by looking only at the behaviours of men .
And this FACT also provides overwhelming evidence to show that , by and large , women in the UK regularly CHOOSE to get high on abuse .
And this is why Eastenders is the UK woman 's favourite soap opera .
It is positively packed with the stuff .
Even at Christmas !
Also see ...
A Great Read For Women
A science fiction novel in which a totalitarian state forces females to have loveless sex with men and forbids them to own property or have jobs , has emerged as one of the books that women find most life - changing .
Bogus Misery Tales
The modern boom in the misery memoir is often dated to the multi-volume wail of pain that the American writer Dave Pelzer began in 1995 with A Child Called ' It ' .
Sam Leith
Given how many of these books have turned out to be exaggerated , if not entirely fictional , the question is worth asking .
This is a genre in which the principal selling point is the contract of trust between writer and reader ; yet also the one in which that trust seems to be abused most often , and with the most spectacular results .
Misery Consumers Mostly Women
What is especially astounding about misery lit is that its readership is estimated to be 80 % to 90 % female , with the bulk of sales taking place in supermarkets .
India Knight
According to two knowledgeable sources , Republican National Committee chairman Michael Steele once raised the possibility of using party money to buy a private jet for his travel .
“ I know that … regular ongoing use of planes was something that was looked at , ” says one person with direct knowledge .
“ I ca n’t speak to how serious those inquiries were . ”
Both sources say Steele considered purchasing a plane outright , or buying fractional ownership in one , through a company such as NetJets .
Steele ’s spokesman , Doug Heye , did not deny that such discussions took place , responding that the RNC never had a “ plan ” to buy a plane .
“ I do n’t know what somebody might have discussed or might not have discussed . ”
While Steele has not purchased a plane , he continues to charter them .
According to federal disclosure records , the RNC spent $ 17,514 on private aircraft in the month of February alone ( as well as $ 12,691 on limousines during the same period ) .
There are no readily identifiable private plane expenses for Democratic National Committee chairman Tim Kaine in the DNC ’s last three months of filings .
The RNC explains that Steele charters jets only when commercial service is unavailable , or when his tight schedule requires it .
“ Anytime the chairman has taken any private travel has been a either to a route that does n’t exist or because of connections and multiple travel to where he just was n’t able to do so , ” Heye said .
Yet Steele ’s office repeatedly refused to explain in specific terms the circumstances of the February charter flights .
Once on the ground , FEC filings suggest , Steele travels in style .
A February RNC trip to California , for example , included a $ 9,099 stop at the Beverly Hills Hotel , $ 6,596 dropped at the nearby Four Seasons , and $ 1,620.71 spent [ update : the amount is actually $ 1,946.25 ] at Voyeur West Hollywood , a bondage - themed nightclub featuring topless women dancers imitating lesbian sex .
RNC trips to other cities produced bills from a long list of chic and costly hotels such as the Venetian and the M Resort in Las Vegas , and the W ( for a total of $ 19,443 ) in Washington .
A midwinter trip to Hawaii cost the RNC $ 43,828 , not including airfare .
Steele himself declined numerous interview requests , though his defenders point out that luxurious accommodations are sometimes necessary to attract big - time donors , especially since Republicans remain in the minority in Washington .
Still , the nature and size of Steele ’s expenses are likely to reignite persistent complaints from high - end donors and key party figures that the RNC is bleeding cash in the months before a pivotal midterm election .
Several months into Steele ’s term as chairman , his spending spurred Republican committeemen to pass a resolution requiring checks to be signed by at least two RNC officers , and contracts over $ 100,000 to go out to competitive bidding .
Complaints , almost always expressed off the record , have been bitter .
“ This is not somebody who is out recruiting candidates , ” said an aide who worked closely with Steele .
“ He is not meeting with donors .
He ’s not asking for money .
The guy is writing his book or doing his speaking gigs , or whatever the hell else he fills his days with .
Those are his priorities . ”
A March 20 FEC filing shows the RNC has $ 9.5 million cash on hand .
Steele began his tenure with $ 22.8 million , and has since raised $ 96.2 million .
During the same period , however , the RNC has spent $ 109.6 million , for a deficit of $ 13.4 million .
That spending included aid to the campaigns that elected [ intlink id = ” 211379 ″ type= ” post ” ]
Gov. Bob McDonnell [ / intlink ] in Virginia and [ intlink id = ” 271549 ″ type= ” post ” ]
Gov. Chris Christie [ / intlink ] in New Jersey .
“ The story is less what ’s left , and more what ’s been spent , ” said one longtime Republican operative .
“ It ’s difficult to draw distinctions between various elections because the circumstances are so different .
But what is worthy of scrutiny is the March cash on hand versus where it was January or February last year , which is essentially the same picture .
And that comes despite having raised more than $ 90 million dollars . ”
According to spokesman
Heye , the RNC is right on track with fundraising .
“ We ’re very comfortable with where we are financially and we know that we ’ll have the resources on the ground to be competitive in November as we move forward to try and take back the House and Senate . ”
He noted the RNC had outraised the DNC in seven out of 12 months in 2009 and was raising gobs of money in the wake of President Obama signing health care reform legislation into law .
Contact Jonathan by email here .
An image from a security camera at Lubyanka metro station shows firefighters at the scene of the blast
Photograph : guardian.co.uk
The shocking size of
Comet McNaught
DR EMILY BALDWIN
ASTRONOMY NOW
Posted : 13 April
In early 2007 Comet C/2006 P1 McNaught became the brightest comet visible from Earth for 40 years , and now , according to new data , is also the largest comet measured to date .
Instead of using a standard method of measuring the length of the comet ’s tail to determine its size , a group lead by Geraint Jones of UCL ’s Mullard Space Science Laboratory used data from the ESA / NASA Ulysses spacecraft as it passed through the comet ’s ionized gas tail in 2007 .
It crossed the comet ’s tail at a distance downstream of its nucleus more than 1.5 times the distance between the Earth and the Sun , a much greater distance than the spectacular dust tail that was visible to observers on the Earth in 2007 .
Comet McNaught over the Pacific Ocean .
Image taken from Paranal Observatory in January 2007 .
Image : S. Deiries / ESO
The data provided estimates of the size of the region of space disturbed by the comet 's presence , showing evidence of a decayed shockwave surrounding the comet created when ionized gas emitted from the comet 's nucleus joined the fast - flowing particles of the solar wind , causing the wind to slow down abruptly .
" It was very difficult to observe Comet McNaught 's plasma tail remotely in comparison with the bright dust tail , so we can't really estimate how long it might be , " says Jones .
" What we can say is that Ulysses took just 2.5 days to traverse the shocked solar wind surrounding Comet Hyakutake [ whose tail it crossed in 1996 ] , compared to an incredible 18 days in shocked wind surrounding Comet McNaught .
This shows that the comet was not only spectacular from the ground ; it was a truly immense obstacle to the solar wind . "
Other comet - crossing spacecraft , such as Giotto , encountered Comet Grigg - Skjellerup in 1992 and Comet Halley in 1986 , and took less than one hour and several hours respectively to cross the shocked region , demonstrating further the huge scale of Comet McNaught .
" The scale of an active comet depends on the level of outgassing rather than the size of the nucleus , " adds Jones .
" Comet nuclei are n't necessarily active over their entire surfaces ; what we can say is that McNaught 's level of gas production was clearly much higher than that of Hyakutake . "
Filming on HBO 's GAME OF THRONES series will be resuming in June , in Northern Ireland .
Maisie Williams , who will play Arya Stark , is preparing for her part by practicing her needlework .
I though you might enjoy seeing these recent pictures of her that her mom was kind enough to send me .
Her sword , of course , is the full - scale replica of Needle produced by the good folks at Valyrian steel .
You can get a Needle for your very own Arya at http://www.valyriansteel.com/
Ex -street fighter , 60 , turned into a fanatical artist by a brain haemorrhage that physically altered his mind
These are the latest creations of extraordinary artist Tommy McHugh - a former builder and youth offender who can't stop painting since he emerged from a coma .
Mr McHugh , 60 , nearly died after two blood vessels burst in the back of his head .
But after a week in a coma , he awoke with an uncontrollable urge to create and began writing poetry , painting the interior of his home , sculpting and carving .
Inspired to create : Mr McHugh pictured in the living room , next to a painting he describes as the inside of his brain
Doctors believe the sudden artistic drive is the result of damage to his brain .
Changes to his temporal lobes - responsible for understanding meaning - could be what has changed him from a jack of all trades handyman into a passionate artist .
He spends up to 18 hours every day decorating his walls , ceilings , and even the floor of his home .
For a man who spent part of his youth in young offender institutions , it is a startling transformation .
Dr Alice Flaherty , a Harvard neurologist who studied Mr McHugh , described the brain haemorrhage that struck him down in 2001 as ' a crack that let the light in ' .
She added : ' His friends did n't know what to make of this new person who often spoke in rhyme , who loved kittens , who wanted to know what life means .
' Tommy has excited neuroscientists because of the hypothesis that the way his brain changed might be a clue to where creative drive comes from in the brain . '
Creative streaks :
A huge painted horse stands astride his gas fireplace while colour and figures liven up his radiators
Despite his thousands of creations Mr McHugh , of Birkenhead , Merseyside , refuses to think of himself as the next Damien Hirst .
' I 'm not an artist , ' he said .
' I 'm just letting the creativity flow out of me .
' I was a jack of all trades before .
I could fix broken guttering or rewire a plug socket , but I had never painted or written poetry . '
In an effort to share the thrill of his new lease of life , Mr McHugh is opening a gallery in Birkenhead for amateur artists suffering from illnesses to exhibit their work .
Unstoppable :
The former builder now spends up to 18 hours every day decorating his walls , ceilings , and even floor
It 's a huge contrast to his past life of young offenders institutions and fighting .
A huge painted horse now stands astride the gas fireplace in his semi-detached home in Birkenhead , Merseyside , while splashes of figures and colour liven up his radiators .
And in a new drive to share his new lease of life , crusader Mr McHugh aims to install a free gallery for amateur artists suffering illnesses to have their work exhibited .
Vivid :
The inside front door ( left ) and bathroom are more examples of Mr McHugh 's creativity
With aid from the Council for Voluntary Services in Birkenhead , the Neuro Support Centre in Liverpool and other community figures , Mr McHugh plans to convert a building on Market Street , Birkenhead into a creative centre .
He said : ' Over 200 paintings of mine are hanging there at present and with help I want to encourage others suffering with difficulties to exhibit their own work there .
' It will be a place where people who are struggling with life to express themselves and have their works hung for the viewing public to enjoy .
We wo n't be selling the art .
' But getting artwork exhibited publicly is difficult to achieve and I want to open that door for people .
Early in our history it did n’t make any difference how we viewed our environment .
We could change it , and if we did n’t like what we did to it , we could move and natural processes would soon obliterate whatever we had done .
Over the years , models of our relationship to the environment have been based on religious views , with the world provided for us to dominate and subdue as described in Genesis , and philosophical views , seeing wisdom and virtue in nature as described by Thoreau .
But by far our most prevalent view of nature derives from a rudimentary human desire for more .
This is the basis of the economic model that currently directs our relationships with one another and with our environment .
It has produced stupendous human population growth and dramatic , deleterious effects on nature .
Recognizing these effects , efforts have been marshaled to change the self - serving economic model with notions of Earth “ stewardship , ” eloquently advanced decades ago by then - Interior Secretary Stewart Udall , and , most recently , to infiltrate the economic model with “ ecosystem services ” by assigning monetary values to functions performed by the Earth that are beneficial to people .
All of these views are fundamentally and dangerously flawed , because all are anthropocentric .
They begin and end with humans .
This is n’t the way the Earth works .
The Earth has its own set of rules , solidly grounded in laws of physics and chemistry and emergent principles of geology and biology .
Unlike our economic model , these are not artificial constructs .
They are real , and they govern .
Earthquakes , tsunamis , volcanic eruptions , hurricanes , tornadoes , 100 - year floods , massive wildfires and disease epidemics are dramatic examples of parts of nature , neither all service nor all harm , creating and destroying , and governed by rules that are indifferent to humans .
Our anthropocentric economic model for interacting with the world ignores and is proving to be incompatible with Earth ’s rules , and is therefore on a direct collision course with them .
To achieve a more accurate model of our relation to nature , we need to see ourselves as part of nature , governed by nature ( not economics ) , beholden to nature for ecosystem services and subject to nature ’s disturbances .
We need to view our existence in nature as dependent on numerous functions we are unable to perform ourselves , and without which we could n’t survive .
And we need to recognize that we now have the power and the reckless inclination , driven by shortsighted anthropocentrism , to disrupt these functions to the degree that Earth will become uninhabitable for us .
In the end , the physical , chemical and biological rules of Earth will certainly win , and we will either be on the winning side or we will be vanquished .
These are the only choices .
Our anthropocentric economic model needs to be reconceived , incorporating Earth ’s rules , to become an Earth - centered , “ terracentric ” model .
Stewardship needs to progress from a condescending view of humans tending their “ garden ” to an effort to become part of Earth without disrupting its vital functions .
Ecosystem services need to advance from recognition of services to humans to recognition of services to our planet .
We need to find ways to avoid changing Earth in irreversible directions .
We need to soberly evaluate anthropocentric economics ’ sacred cow , growth , in light of sustainability .
And we need to think beyond our own brief lifetimes .
Most important , in the new terracentric model , we need to acknowledge that there is nothing more important than preserving the viability of planet Earth .
Nothing .
Using human ecologist Garrett Hardin ’s metaphor , Earth is our only “ lifeboat ” in a sea of empty , cold blackness .
Our lives , and those of other organisms , are allowed in this boat only because of a quasi- steady environmental state created by a unique balance of physical , chemical and biological conditions and processes governed by Earth ’s rules .
The central task of ecology is to understand these conditions , processes and rules and thereby understand the qualities and dimensions of this steady state .
Unfortunately , before ecology has reached this understanding , humans are testing this steady state ’s robustness with anthropogenic changes in atmospheric chemistry that cause changes in radiation through the atmosphere , fundamental changes in ocean chemistry and changes in the whole planet ’s energy budget -- its balance of energy in and energy out .
We are testing it with pervasive , potentially irreversible , long - term pollution of Earth ’s fresh and salt water , using a vast assortment of man-made chemicals that often possess biologically hazardous and ecologically unpredictable properties .
We are testing it with relentless , massive , wholesale conversions of ecosystems , channeling their products exclusively into our own limitless consumption .
And we are testing it with the global spread of biological species , causing a complex , hugely damaging homogenization of Earth ’s biota .
Recent measurements of unprecedented , directional changes in the vital signs of Earth suggest that we may have already staved in our lifeboat ’s hull , causing changes beyond the ability of Earth ’s biogeochemical forces to maintain balance .
The quasi - steady state that makes our lives possible may be disappearing before our eyes .
We are in direct conflict with Earth ’s rules .
The anthropocentric economic model is fundamentally incapable of providing more than temporary fixes for our massive environmental problems .
Reliance on this invalid , incompetent model underlies the recent struggles of world leaders in Copenhagen and Washington to make significant progress in solving global environmental problems .
Replacement of this failed model with an economic model that recognizes Earth ’s rules and embraces terracentricity as its essential focus is the primary step necessary to bring reality into our collective thinking and behavior , and provide an accurate conceptual basis for the hard decisions ahead that will determine the fate of life on our planet .
Bruce E. Mahall is a professor of ecology at UC Santa Barbara .
F. Herbert Bormann , a professor emeritus at Yale University , is one of the founders of the Hubbard Brook Ecosystem Study .
Well , shit .
How are you feeling ?
Gut punched ?
Broken ?
Just wanting to go to sleep and never wake up ?
Embrace it .
It 's a wonderful thing .
Advertisement
Just a brutal loss for the United States .
The team that dramatically ties it up with 25 seconds left is supposed to have all the momentum .
It 's not supposed to end this way , you say .
But it was .
It was always supposed to end like this .
Canada were the favorites going in , and , despite hiccups against the US and Switzerland , were clearly the best team in every game they played .
Advertisement
Let go of your patriotism for a second .
This is the perfect way to close Vancouver 2010 .
The home nation , topping off its most successful games ever with a gold medal in the biggest sport at at Olympics — and it happens to be their national sport , to boot .
The fact that their golden boy scored the winning goal , against their biggest rivals ?
It 's a storybook ending .
To be such a dramatic win , it had to be a heartbreaking loss for someone .
And boy , it hurts right now .
But you 're not alone .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
And that 's the beauty of it .
There are millions of Americans walking around like zombies right now .
You 're all going to be depressed for a while , and you 'll spend the rest of your life thinking about what might have been .
It hurts because you care .
And maybe you 're already a huge hockey fan , and you understood every nuance of the game .
But there are a ton of people out there who are only hurt because they supported their country by tuning in .
They just happened to see one of the most exciting hockey games ever .
Before Vancouver , maybe they never saw a hockey game .
Now , hockey made them care .
Advertisement
Someone made the decision to watch their NHL team 's next game .
Some kid just made the choice to play hockey .
Someone just learned the names Crosby , Miller , Luongo for the first time .
Hockey has some new fans .
People are going to be talking about hockey tomorrow .
So while Canada takes home the gold medal — and all due congratulations to them — it 's hockey as a whole that wins .
Advertisement
•••••
Thanks for joining me today .
Enjoy the closing ceremonies , and we 'll be back tomorrow .
We love to show you the latest cool rides available , but if you ’ve been wondering what kind of awesome motorcycles may be on the horizon then check out these cool concept bikes .
Some are functional , but not practical yet for mass production , while others really push the envelope in terms of creative design .
Mach Ness
Motorcycle manufacturer Arlen Ness crafted this metal monster powered by a gas - turbine helicopter engine .
The aluminum outer shell with noticeably large rivets gives it a sort of steam punk edge that you just wo n’t get from carbon fiber and plastic .
The body has been shaped entirely by hand , which lends to why it ’s not being mass produced .
Source
Icare Bike Concept
If we had access to all the possible concept designs for Batman ’s motorcycle the Icare Bike Concept would certainly be on the list .
We could just imagine the Dark Knight leaning into a tight turn on this sleek black bike .
Icare is n’t just a cool concept , but a real working design .
It ’s powered by a six - cylinder 1.8 liter Honda engine with dual exhaust .
Right now it ’s still up in the air whether or not it will go into production , but keep you fingers crossed .
Source
Swordfish Motorcycle Concept
Any concept bike you ’ve ever thought of as sleek has nothing on the Swordfish .
The Swordfish Motorcycle concept by Alexander Kotlyarevsky sports an aggressive futuristic design and hubless wheels .
The overall look has interesting mix between curves and sharp angles that earn this bike its name .
Source
Halbo Future Duo-Wheel BMW
If you ’re looking for an incredibly small and fast motorcycle and could care less about your personal safety then we ’ve got a bike for you .
Designer Pierre Yohanes designed the Halbo for eco-minded people who want something compact and electric powered .
The front wheel is stationary and the back tail turns , so it ’s kind of like riding a motorboat .
Source
Jaguar M-Cycle
This is n’t one of those concept bikes with a name like Jaguar that ’s meant to represent it ’s speed .
Its name is pretty literal in this case .
The Jaguar concept by M - Cycles draws inspiration from the Jaguar car manufacturer logo .
The bike measures 8 feet in length and features ebony lacquered fiberglass over stainless steel .
Source
Scarab Motorcycle
While the Scarab sounds like a bike you ’d likely drive around in the desert it ’s actually designed with urban situations in mind .
The bike can adapt to sit completely upright while parked so it takes up as little space as possible in a crowded city parking lot .
In fact you and 3 of your friends using scarabs can fit your motorcycles in a standard sized space for a car .
Designer David Miguel Moreira Gonçalves envisions the Scarab to be used as a rental vehicle as a convenient and eco-friendly transpiration solution .
Source
Dodge Tomahawk Motorcycle
The Dodge Tomahawk Motorcycle may be the only motorcycle listed here that technically is n’t actually a motorcycle .
Based on a Viper V - 10 bike , it ’s got a beefy 500 horsepower engine and 4 wheels .
According to the National Highway Traffic and Safety Administration anything with more than 3 wheels on the ground does n’t qualify as a motorcycle .
That probably has something to do with why this beast of a bike never made it into mass production .
Shame because this awesome machine is basically just an engine and some wheels that provide raw speed and power between your legs .
Source
ENERGYA Motorcycle
Since we discovered that technically anything with 3 wheels or less qualifies as a motorcycle then technically the ENERGYA Motorcycle fits the bill .
With two wheels in the front and two full seats it almost looks like a racecar , but it only has one rear wheel .
The designer Higgins - Aubé actually calls it a “ motomobile ” since it ’s sort of a car / motorcycle hybrid .
Source
Ferrari V4 Motorcycle Concept
If Ferrari made a motorcycle to match the car this would be it .
Industrial designer Amir Glinik took the sexy curves and sleek lines that make Ferrari so fiercely desirable and put them in bike form .
The design takes the best aspects of vintage and modern Ferrari projects based on aesthetics and performance to create the perfect Ferrari Bike .
For instance the Ferrari V4 Motorcycle Concept features hand controls adapted from a F - 16 Fighter Jet and buttons based on the Formula 1 racers .
Source
nUCLEUS Motorcycle Concept
The nUCLEUS takes everything you think you know about motorcycle design and turns it on its side .
Truly unlike any other bike design out there NONOBJECT designed this bike to stand on its own in terms of design rather than take inspiration from every other bike concept out there .
When not in use the motorcycle looks like a weird box , but when in motion the wheels extend and the saddle rises , showing off its function .
Source
Magic Tricycle
The Magic Tricycle sounds like something your four year old daughter might drive in the back yard , but it ’s actually an amazingly clever transforming motorcycle .
When you ’d rather be in a car , say on the highway for instance , it lies on its side and uses 3 wheels as sort of a car .
But when you just want pure speed its stands upright with the third wheel on top , which supposedly helps keep it balanced .
Source
Speed Racer Alien Motorcycle
The folks over at Gizmodo kindly pointed out that the “ Speed Racer ” motorcycle concept by Dan Bailey looks like something that came out of the Aliens movies , and we have to agree .
Based around the Kawasaki Ninja the bike has some solid foundations , but was designed to look intimidating yet sleek .
There ’s no word as to whether or not it will see production , but considering how bad ass it looks we hope it does .
Source
Ghost Motorcycle Concept
Anyone else on the road will only have a small glimpse of you as you fly by them at top speed and wonder if maybe they ’ve seen a ghost .
Well , in a way , the sort of did .
The Ghost Motorcycle concept puts the rider in an aggressive forward position that feels incredibly fast .
The design draws its inspiration from the speed demon Ghost Rider as well as a flying falcon .
Source
2015 Honda CB750 Concept
This blocky bike feels like a vision of the future as imagined by a video game designer from the mid 90s .
The carbon fiber , aluminum and titanium frame gives the 2015 Honda CB750 enough strength to carry heavy riders .
It ’s powered by a four cylinder liquid hydrogen engine and features on board computers controlled by an OLED touch screen .
It also features radar technology that will slow the bike automatically if it detects an oncoming collision … a feature which you can of course disable if you like to live dangerously .
Source
If you enjoyed this article , consider signing up for our newsletter , subscribing to our RSS feed , or following us on Twitter .
Check out more Cool Material
Last week , Valve Software generated some excitement among gaming fans who noticed Mac OS X menu components and other items in the most recent release of the company 's Steam distribution platform for the PC .
Combined with reports of Valve recruiting Mac engineers , the evidence suggested that Valve may be planning to make a move into the Mac platform .
MacRumors today received a teaser image from Valve appearing to show Gordon Freeman , protagonist of Valve 's Half - Life video game series , with an Apple logo on his chest .
The image was accompanied with the following explanation : " In anticipation of an upcoming announcement from Valve . "
Valve has not offered any additional information on what we can expect from them or when more news might be available beyond " soon " .
Update : MacNN received a different teaser image showing robotic characters from other Valve games mimicking Apple 's " Get a Mac " ads starring Justin Long and John Hodgman .
The report suggests that we may see an announcement at next week 's Game Developers Conference in San Francisco .
The image here represent turrets from Team Fortress 2 and Portal :
The presence of six dots along the bottom of the images , apparently for navigation reference , suggests that an additional four teaser images may have been sent to other outlets .
Update 2 : A third image has surfaced at Shacknews with Team Fortress 2 reference :
And a fourth one has appeared at , with character from Left 4 Dead
: One more image has been posted at , revealing that Steam is coming to Mac :
Tags
If the idea of owning property privately began as I have conjectured , then the self - identification of the individual as a unique center of consciousness not only assisted in orienting him to his surroundings , but awakened in him the recognition that he owned himself .
Each person grows to maturity , taking particular note of his own configuration , skin texture , features , appendages , and blemishes .
Never will he know anything quite as well as he knows his own body .
As he identifies himself with his physical structure , he will turn his attention within to note his own mental processes , and to wonder at this strange function of cognition and this utterly fascinating ability to think and remember and even to think about thinking and remembering .
He develops cravings for food and drink and for other satisfactions , he experiences pain and joy , and centers himself in the property of his person .
If he does not formally think through the process wherein he recognizes that he owns himself , he nonetheless adopts all the attributes of ownership over himself .
Doubtless , many early thinkers recognized the fact of man 's ownership of his person , although no one phrased it better than John Locke :
Though the earth and all inferior creatures be common to all men , yet every man has a " property " in his own " person . "
This nobody has any right to but himself .
The process whereby the child first becomes conscious of himself , and finally awakens in maturity to the recognition of his full self as incontrovertibly unique and separate from the rest of creation , is the process of maturing .
There is no fixed time schedule for this maturation .
Some develop rapidly and sense their complete control over their energies and facilities before they reach their teens .
Others develop slowly , passing into the twenties and even the thirties until the process is as complete as it ever will be for them .
The parental task in raising children is essentially telescoped into the attainment by the child of self - realization and self - control .
The more rapidly this can be accomplished , the more thoroughly the task can be done , the quicker the person can emerge as an adult , irrespective of his chronological age .
From man 's recognition that he owns himself , and from the idea of private ownership which begins at this point , if not chronologically at least rationally , it is but a step to the creation of one kind of improper ownership the condition in which it is presumed that one person owns another .
If a man owns himself , why can't he own another ?
It would seem , superficially , that he could .
Certainly , mothers and , later , fathers looked upon their offspring as chattels .
Children were viewed as property and not as persons .
For centuries , women were treated as chattels belonging to their fathers , husbands , brothers , or uncles ; they were never actually released into full adulthood as self - owning persons .
The woman who , through circumstance , might find herself alone in the world and essentially unowned , was deemed either an evil person or the epitome of misery .
Someone must assume responsibility and take her into a condition of ownership , through marriage or some other relationship .
The custom of one man owning another opened the door to long ages of slavery .
On the field of battle , when the vanquished surrendered to the victor , it was presumed that he lost all rights to his life and hence all rights to any property .
If the victor spared him , he was a slave , whose life was instantly forfeit at any time that suited the victor 's pleasure .
The concept of slavery might also have arisen through the generative process wherein it was presumed that women were natural slaves to men , or that children were the properties of either or both parents .
If one contemplates the situation , it will be seen that the slave relationship is wholly improper for it presumes to transfer the control of one living man into the hands of a second living man .
The condition is contrary to nature and can only be maintained if both play their specific assigned roles .
The slave must act as though he did not control himself , as though , indeed , the slave - master did control him .
The slave - master must act as though he really could and did control the slave .
But the slave always controls himself , even though he may do so in harmony with his owner 's wishes .
It is simply impossible for the owner to exert control .
By no process of the mind can the owner of the slave cause the slave to flex a single muscle .
The only process open to the slave owner is to impose force or the threat of force .
If obedience is obtained , it is because the slave elects to do as he is told .
But he must be the actor in respect to his own energy .
His owner cannot generate or control the slave 's energy .
A condition of slavery must be classified as one instance of incorrect ownership .
In this condition , a man seeks to control another man as though he were a property and not a man .
A marriage relationship in which it is presumed that one spouse owns the other is equally fictitious .
The same fallacy would appear if a parent or both of them presumed to own their children .
The child is an owner of himself , from birth .
The fact that he may not know this , and the fact that he does not have full control of his physical or mental facilities , in no way remove his ownership of himself .
An adult who is injured in some way , who may be ill or decrepit in old age , is still recognized as an owner of himself and his other properties .
He may have to be waited upon hand and foot , yet his ownership of himself is not questioned , so long as he lives .
The same realization should apply to all persons , infants included .
I would set down as the fundamental instances of incorrect ownership the ancient practice of possessive marriage , possessive child - parent relationships , and control of the slave obtained in battle or in any other way .
This idea of owning another person is so prevalent that it is not unusual for employers to think of themselves as the actual owners of their employees and to act accordingly .
Labor union leaders often act as though they owned their dues - paying members .
The difficulty here relates to contracts as property .
For a contract to exist as property , each contracting party has a property interest in specific performance on the part of the opposing contracting party .
But a property interest in specific performance is not a property interest in the person .
The employer contracts with an employee for specific performance .
The employee also contracts with the employer in similar style .
Each has a property interest in the performance of the other , but neither owns the person of the other .
The labor union leader may obtain a member but he does not own the member , nor does the member own the organization or the labor leader .
Each has contracted for certain specifics ; the one for the payment of dues , the other for certain collective assurances .
Government officials frequently view the taxpayers as a kind of productive herd to be milked and controlled , just as the ancient slave - master presumed to control the person of his slave .
The relationship between government and taxpayers is probably closest to the ancient idea of slavery .
The relationship is hardly contractual , however one stretches the imagination .
For a contract to exist in fact , both parties to the exchange must voluntarily agree to the terms of the contract .
When governments are imposed and the taxpayers placed under control , the consent of the latter on an individual basis has never been sought , so far as is known .
Rather , governments are imposed in much the same way that the victor imposes his ownership over the man defeated on the field of battle .
The victor has the power ; the vanquished is helpless and must submit .
Here a mystique has been created which supposes that a few men may , by right , impose governmental controls on all with consent of a majority or even a plurality .
Usually , those imposing such controls do so after a war in which the vanquished , utterly without the means to resist , are tossed into political serfdom , bound to obey the new state , rather than being claimed by individual warriors as the personal property of the winner after a passage of arms .
This practice is so common that few detect in it any form of slavery ; most presume that their political control by a party of strong men can be equated with freedom .
Whatever is to be said of this practice of installing political vassalage on whole populations , any effort on the part of one person to own another , and all practices wherein this type of ownership is assumed , lead into much of the sadness and unhappiness that mar so many human relationships .
However , the fact that an improper ownership condition may occur does not justify abandonment of the ownership concept , as many contend .
Rather , it behooves us to understand the nature of ownership , to recognize that it is so fundamental to man that it cannot be swept aside , and then to institute self - disciplinary procedures wherein incorrect ownership conditions are not attempted .
Ownership can be said to begin with an effort of will .
This can occur when man views himself as the exclusive owner of himself and realizes that decisions to be made affecting his person must invariably be his own .
Whether he begins with the recognition of himself as his first property , every property he will ever own will require an act of will .
He wishes to possess something — a piece of land , a house , clothing , a tool — as an exclusive owner .
A property he acquires , either through original claim or through subordinate claim , becomes an actual extension of himself by this same act of will .
Thus , a trespass against a property that is owned , either by theft or some type of vandalism , is actually a trespass against the owner of the property in the same way that a trespass against the person of the owner would be .
All through his life , each person establishes thousands of property relationships and many other thousands of relationships which involve property owners but do not involve the acquisition of property .
To converse with others , associate with them , shake hands with them , or even to experience such intimacies as a sexual relationship , does not constitute a property relationship , but rather a relationship with a property owner .
The idea insensibly arises through the marriage contract that a sexual partner is somehow a property of his opposite number .
This is not the case .
Each person owns himself and all of his functions , including those of sex , digestion , cognition , and so on .
Among the greatest satisfactions available to human beings are those which recognize other persons as equals in the property ownership of self .
Although a man may wish an exclusive association with a particular friend , and while it may be possible to contract for such an exclusive relationship , the fact remains that each party to any association always remains the owner of himself .
The world of Twitter can be hard to navigate .
We know that you ’re already following us @flavorpill , but we decided it would be fun ( and possibly helpful ) if we rounded up some of our other Twitter favorites in a series we ’re calling “ The Followables . ”
The first set of Twitter all - stars in the spotlight are the music critics we love .
Do us a favor and leave a comment with anyone who you enjoy who did n’t make our list .
@ 1000 timesyes
Who : Chris Weingarten
Why : His endurance .
Chris tweeted his way through 1000 albums last year , and just announced that he will tweet review 100 shows at SXSW in a four day period .
@maura
Who : Maura Johnston
Why : Her funny ( but always dead on ) insights .
Formerly of Idolator , now with the Village Voice , the Awl , and more , Maura has a way of elevating what could be seen as guilty pleasures into something greater .
@sfj
Who : Sasha Frere - Jones
Why : He ’s old guard .
Though we ’ve had our disagreements with him in the past re : the death of rap , SFJ has been breathing music for established publications like the New York Post , the Village Voice , and the New Yorker since like forever .
@lizzyville
Who : Liz Colville
Why : Her non-music tweets are just as interesting as her music - related ones ( especially when they ’re about her cat ’s editing skills ) .
Liz edits Spinner , and contributes at the L Magazine , the Awl , and This Recording .
@jonnyleather
Who : Jonny Leather
Why :
He ’s a fanboy ( in a good way ) .
Beyond sharing an interest in ARMS , a Flavorpill fav , Jonny wo n’t forgive MGMT for their newest single and wants to know why the Walkmen ca n’t win MetroMix ’s Music March Madness .
@sheenabeaston
Who : Sheena Beaston
Why : She ’s sassy .
This NYC - based blogger shares an insane number of MP3s and reviews on her feed , embracing a wide array of genres .
Sheena also swears that music will cure all ailments .
We ’ll buy it .
@largeheartedboy
Who : David Gutowski
Why : He ’s literary .
David ’s taste in both books and music skews toward the quirky , but not in a gimmicky way .
He ’s like that middle school boyfriend who introduced you to The Smiths .
@the_recommender
Who : Mike Bradford
Why : He has a British accent .
Hailing from across the pond in Brighton , Mike and his team at The Recommender keep us up to date on the buzz from England .
They ’re also super chatty if you tweet at them .
@poptarts
Who : Patrick Duffy
Why : He ’s a contrarian .
During the great Google Blog Removal of 2010 , Patrick of Pop Tarts Suck Toasted was briefly operating solely on Twitter .
Now that his blog is back up , he ’s got plenty of space freed up to argue with our other music all - stars .
@jesshopp
Who : Jessica Hopper
Why : She ’s done her homework and then some .
Jessica is the author of The Girls ’ Guide to Rocking , zine Hit It or Quit It , and a music contributor for This American Life .
Honorable mentions go to @irockiroll , @fourwallsdown , @themusicslut , @hamsandwich .
Did we miss your favorite music Twitterist ?
Leave their name in the comments .
I know what you are thinking .
You want to open https://www.howtogeek.com, but it ’s such a hassle to type in the http :// and the www and the .com .
Here ’s your shortcut method .
On modern browsers , such as IE7 and Firefox , hitting Ctrl +
Enter will automatically fill in the www .
and the .com part of the URL .
Let ’s see an example :
Just type in howtogeek into the address bar in your browser :
Now hit Ctrl +
Enter together :
You saved yourself 15 keystrokes !
More Keystroke combinations :
Ctrl +
Enter – Auto - complete *.com address
Shift +
Enter – Auto - complete *. net address
Ctrl +
Shift +
Enter – Auto - complete *.org address
If you add Alt to any of those key combinations , it will auto - complete and open the new address in a new tab as well .
Alt + Ctrl + Enter will auto - complete a *.com address in a new tab , for instance .
In 1997 , attorney Joni J. Franklin suffered a severe injury to both arms , which required multiple surgeries .
Although she had already begun a career as a workers ’ compensation attorney , this experience gave her deeper insight into the challenges facing her clients .
We understand your fears and concerns , because we have been in your shoes .
At the Franklin Law Office , we will listen to your needs and keep you up to date on your situation every step along the way .
Education
Attorney Profile
The Great Pacific Garbage Patch , a jumble of plastic trash that spans hundreds of miles northwest of Hawaii , has gotten lots of attention ever since billionaire adventurer and environmentalist David de Rothschild announced his plans to visit the trash mass on the Plastiki , a boat constructed from recycled waste and webs of plastic .
Now the Plastiki has launched , and a group of architects from Rotterdam have already come up with another way to draw attention to the plastic gyre : a Hawaii - sized island made entirely out of recycled plastic .
GOOD points us to the Recycled Island Web site , where Rotterdam WHIM Architecture explains its motivation :
Recycled Island is a research project on the potential of realizing a habitable floating island in the Pacific Ocean made from all the plastic waste that is momentarily floating around in the ocean .
The proposal has three main aims ; Cleaning our oceans from a gigantic amount of plastic waste ; Creating new land ;
And constructing a sustainable habitat .
Recycled island seeks the possibilities to recycle the plastic waste on the spot and to recycle it into a floating entity .
The constructive and marine technical aspects take part in the project of creating a sea worthy island .
It sounds crazy–and maybe it is –but the idea makes sense .
WHIM points out that the biggest concentration of plastic in the ocean has a footprint as large as France and Spain combined .
That means there is plenty of plastic already floating around to make an island .
And would n’t it be nice to provide future climate change refugees with a new sustainable home ?
Not that anyone would necessarily want to live on a hunk of floating plastic , but the idea of taking trash and turning it into something useful is always thought - provoking .
It is estimated that in 2010 we will have 181 million Americans carrying credit cards .
Now this is interesting given that Census data from 2008 only shows 113 million households .
The credit card is ubiquitous flowing through our economy like a river of easy money .
Yet credit cards have become a major pitfall for many consumers .
Hidden fees , double - cycle billing , and criminally high interest rates have pushed many Americans into financial tight corners .
The credit card as it turns out is a dangerous financial item even if you can have a kitten screened onto the card .
If we want to understand the credit card industry we first should take a look at the most popular cards out on the market :
Source : Creditcards.com
In total there are 631 million credit cards in circulation from Visa , MasterCard , Discover , and American Express .
Now given that we only have 308 million people in the U.S. many under the age of 16 , many people have multiple credit cards .
It does n’t seem odd for people to spend and buy with basically creating debt with each purchase .
The above chart also shows the amount of debit cards out in circulation .
In fact , making debit cards virtually identical to credit cards has created a psychological notion that debit and credit are interchangeable .
They are not .
This is obvious but do anything enough times and you can easily convince yourself of anything including believing the idea that debt equals wealth .
Debit cards access money you have while credit cards mortgage your future for a current item .
Americans are carrying an enormous amount of credit card debt .
The massive spike in credit card debt started 40 years ago when the middle class started losing ground .
You can almost mark the exact date when we started using credit to make up for the lost wage growth :
Since the early 1970s Nixon shock , Americans started losing their manufacturing base but also their ability to maintain competitive wages .
In 1968 Americans carried $ 1.3 billion in revolving credit .
By 2008 that number was up to $ 975 billion .
Nonstop growth for nearly 40 years .
Yet for the first time in over a generation this amount has fallen by a large number .
Today , $ 864 billion in revolving debt is outstanding .
Since the peak in 2008 we have seen consumer credit contract by a stunning $ 111 billion .
For a consumption driven economy this does not bode well for economic growth since many Americans are finding it harder to spend in such a weak employment market .
As the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve they have artificially pushed interest rates to historical lows , but banks have decided to keep credit card rates at extremely high rates :
Source : Creditcards.com
How is it that the biggest beneficiaries from the Wall Street and banking bailouts are now able to charge such an outrageous margin on credit cards ?
These are the banks that received taxpayer assistance supposedly to create more access of credit for middle class Americans .
We certainly are not seeing that .
And who are the biggest credit card issuers ?
U.S. general purpose credit card market share in 2008 based on outstandings
( Note : 2007 ranking in parentheses )
1. JPMorgan Chase – 21.22 % ( 17.74 % )
2. Bank of America – 19.25 % ( 19.36 % )
3. Citi – 12.35 % ( 13.03 % )
4. American Express – 10.19 % ( 11.40 % )
5. Capital One – 6.95 % ( 6.95 % )
6. Discover – 5.75 % ( 5.65 % )
7. Wells Fargo – 4.21 % ( 3.07 % )
8. HSBC – 3.47 % ( 3.65 % )
9. U.S. Bank – 2.14 % ( 1.84 % )
10 . USAA Savings – 2.02 % ( 2.01 % ) Source : Creditcards.com
The top four issuers corner a large portion of the market and are some of the biggest bailout recipients .
The economy for most Americans still has n’t recovered .
Credit card defaults are simply a reflection of this reality .
The fact that revolving credit has contracted so sharply in the face of $ 13 trillion in bank bailouts and support is only demonstrating that banks are unable to lend out money to consumers who can actually pay the money back .
Banks also need the money to combat their weaker Swiss Cheese like balance sheet .
Most Americans can’t envision a marketplace with no credit cards .
Many are now having to adjust to the new economic realities in the economy .
Yet the fact that less revolving credit is in the market tells us consumers are pulling back on using their credit cards or banks are simply issuing less credit .
In the end , middle class Americans simply cannot spend like they once did .
Many are now realizing that they will have to save to purchase items and that is n’t necessarily bad .
But with stagnant wages many are finding it hard to save and with no credit card access , dealing with realities that have n’t hit this country for a generation seems as surreal as believing that plastic is money .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
To avoid further controversy , the American Civil Liberties Union of Mississippi has rejected a $ 20,000 gift intended to underwrite an alternate prom replacing one canceled by a local school district after a lesbian student demanded that she be allowed to attend with her girlfriend .
The gift , to sponsor one of several privately sponsored alternate events , came from the American Humanist Association , an advocacy group whose mission is to promote “ good without God . ”
“ Although we support and understand organizations like yours , the majority of Mississippians tremble in terror at the word ‘ atheist , ’ ” Jennifer Carr , the fund - raiser for the A.C.L.U of Mississippi , wrote in an e-mail message to Roy Speckhardt , executive director of the humanist group .
According to Matthew Sheffield , a spokesman for the Mississippi Safe Schools Coalition , the organization arranging the event , the A.C.L.U. of Mississippi did not have authority to decline the gift .
Goodbye regular live - action role - players , and hello live - Avatar role - players .
Get a sneak peek into the rapidly growing world of Avatar LARPs .
Yes , it 's a parody .
And yes , one of the characters does have Na'vi sex with a flower .
Advertisement
D.A.R.E. America Chairman Skip Miller writes in his Jan. 28 Times Op - Ed article , “ Do n’t legalize marijuana , ” that his organization has been successful in its efforts to reduce illegal drug use in the U.S. by educating schoolchildren .
Indeed , protecting young people has long been used to justify marijuana prohibition .
But in reality , our drug laws have failed to stop marijuana use among American youth but have succeeded in punishing them with damning criminal records , loss of financial aid for college and removal from after - school activities .
As a graduate of D.A.R.E. , I know all too well about the shortcomings of this program and of America ’s war on marijuana .
Correction :
Due to an editing error , a previous version of the article incorrectly stated that the initiative on the 2010 ballot to legalize , tax and regulate marijuana in California would impose a tax of $ 50 per ounce .
The simple truth is that prohibition does n’t work , and regulation and education do .
Most young people will tell you that marijuana is easy to buy despite nearly a century of prohibition that has cost billions of tax dollars and put thousands of people behind bars .
Anti-drug groups such as D.A.R.E. refuse to acknowledge that today ’s marijuana prohibition causes the same problems as alcohol prohibition did in the 1920s .
It ’s no wonder , then , that D.A.R.E. has been called ineffective by the National Academy of Sciences and , in 2001 , was placed under the category of “ ineffective programs ” by the U.S. surgeon general .
The Government Accountability Office reported in 2003 that there are “ no significant differences in illicit drug use between students who received D.A.R.E. . . . and students who did not . ”
The fact is that legalizing , taxing and regulating substances reduces the harm caused by those drugs .
A University of Florida study provided statistically overwhelming evidence that raising taxes on alcohol reduces consumption .
Some proposals to legalize marijuana in California would not only institute a tax of $ 50 per ounce , but would also channel that money into drug abuse education and prevention programs .
Nicotine is one of the most addictive drugs on the planet , yet thanks to aggressive taxation in many areas and education efforts , cigarette use in the U.S. has declined sharply over the last few decades .
We did n’t have to arrest , incarcerate or impose prohibition to achieve those results ; we merely had to tell the truth to young people about the very real harms caused by cigarette addiction while imposing taxes and age restrictions .
The most recent Monitoring the Future Survey , which asks students about their drug use , shows that more 10th graders now use marijuana than cigarettes .
Legalizing and taxing marijuana wo n’t cure California ’s chronic budget woes .
But should we really be cutting from education while spending all the money it takes to enforce our failed prohibition policies ?
Furthermore , the California Tax and Regulate initiative on the November ballot would not allow the use of marijuana by people under 21 .
I certainly do n’t want more young people smoking marijuana .
But some of the teens I helped as a substance - abuse counselor told me that it was easier to purchase marijuana inside their own schools than it was to buy beer or cigarettes from a convenience store .
This is not what a successful policy looks like .
Many Americans are coming around to this view .
Depending on the poll , either a majority or near - majority of Americans say that marijuana should be taxed and legalized .
Even the American Medical Assn. has called for the federal government to review its absurd classification of marijuana as a Schedule 1 drug , which puts cannabis right alongside heroin and PCP .
D.A.R.E. can warn people all day about the harm associated with marijuana use .
What it refuses to acknowledge is that these arguments only support ending prohibition .
If marijuana is so dangerous , D.A.R.E. and its allies ought to support efforts to remove control over distribution from black - market drug dealers .
It ’s time for D.A.R.E. to take a back seat to evidence - based drug prevention programs that do n’t use scare tactics .
It ’s time to legalize marijuana .
Jonathan Perri is the Western regional director of Students for Sensible Drug Policy .
Owners could actually get paid $ 30 an hour when contributing power to the grid
US researchers unveiled a vehicle Thursday that earns money for its driver instead of guzzling it up in gasoline and maintenance costs .
The converted Toyota Scion xB , shown at the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science here , is the first electric car to be linked to a power grid and serve as a cash cow .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This is the first vehicle that ’s ever been paid to participate in the grid — the first proof of concept vehicle , ” Ken Huber , who oversees technological development at wholesale electricity coordinator PJM Interconnection , told AFP .
The presentation of the box - like , unassuming looking Scion was the researchers ’ way of introducing the “ vehicle - to - grid ” ( V2G ) concept as it begins to gain momentum in the United States and around the world .
V2G projects with hybrid cars that use electricity and gas to store energy in their batteries and feed it back into the power grid are up and running in the United States , and the drive now is to produce all electric vehicles to plug into the power grid .
“ This makes the car useful not only when it ’s being driven , but also when it ’s parked , as long as you remember to plug it in , ” said Willett Kempton , who is leading a V2G project at the University of Delaware .
A V2G car is connected via an Internet - over - powerline connection that sends a signal from inside the car ’s computer to an aggregator ’s server .
ADVERTISEMENT
The aggregator acts as the middleman between the car owner and power grid management companies , which are constantly trying to keep electricity output at a constant level .
When the grid needs more power due to a surge in demand , power companies usually draw from traditional power plants , which in the United States are often coal - fired and leave a large carbon footprint .
When V2G becomes more widespread , the power could be drawn from millions of vehicles plugged into sockets in home garages or from commercial fleets , such as the US Postal Service ’s vans , for a much smaller footprint than that of the power plants .
ADVERTISEMENT
Grid management companies like PJM Interconnection currently pay around 30 dollars an hour when taking power from a car .
V2G is still a new concept , but it is gaining ground in the United States and Europe .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Ten years ago , this was just a plan .
Today , it ’s a real project and in 10 years , we ’ll be producing tens of megawatts of power this way , ” said Kempton , adding that V2G will readily find applications in countries that are rapidly ramping up reliance on wind and solar energy , such as Denmark and Britain .
Huber said he will be meeting in the coming weeks in Paris with heads of European grid management companies about V2G .
“ We ’re going to try to determine how we can work together on this .
It ’s a technology that is very good at meeting a need we have , and there ’s growing interest among auto companies to develop V2G vehicles , ” he added .
ADVERTISEMENT
AC Propulsion of California has designed an electric drive system for V2G , and car manufacturers including Renault / Nissan , Mitsubishi and BMW are producing all - electric vehicles with an eye on the V2G market .
So now that Apple 's finally addressed ( well , sort of addressed ) the 800 - pound gorilla known as multitasking , it 's time to take a good , hard look at how iPhone OS 4 stacks up against Redmond 's completely redesigned mobile monster that 's destined to hit handsets toward the end of the year .
Though the two companies have taken vastly different paths to get to where they are with their mobile strategies today , there are some striking similarities between the platforms ; take that multitasking we already mentioned , for example -- both iPhone OS and Windows Phone are looking to keep processor and battery utilization to a minimum by putting the emphasis on managed services for background apps rather than just letting them run roughshod over your fragile hardware .
Of course , there are some striking differences , too -- so let 's have a look , shall we ?
The History of The House on the Rock
Designed and built by Alex Jordan of Madison , WI , the House is an architectural marvel perched on a 60 - foot chimney of rock .
A ramp through treetops takes visitors to the entrance of the House where a bell gallery , waterfalls , massive fireplaces and walls of rock can been seen .
It contains the popular Infinity Room , a needle - like room projecting 218 feet from the house and 156 feet from the ground .
With 3,264 windows , there 's no doubt about it , there truly is no other room like it in the world .
The House on the Rock is also the home of the World 's Largest Carousel .
Gunmen have killed 13 people in the southern Oaxaca state , police say .
Officials say hooded men travelling in several cars stormed a ranch killing the owner and his three sons as well as four other people .
The Mexican authorities say the gunmen then killed five local police officers who tried to fight back .
The incident follows the deaths of 19 people in Tamaulipas state over the past three days in confrontations between police and illegal groups .
More than 15,000 people are believed to have been killed in drug - related incidents in Mexico in the last two years .
Local official Netolin Chavez said that investigators believe the latest attack , in the town of San Vicente Camalote , could be linked to the drugs trade .
State police have been sent to patrol the town .
The Pacific coast state of Oaxaca is considered to be a drug trafficking corridor , although violence has not risen to the levels seen in Mexico 's northern border region .
In that region Ciudad Juarez , by the border with the US , has seen the most deaths .
More than 2,600 murders were recorded in Ciudad Juarez during 2009 .
( CNN ) --
It 's so tiny , you can't see it with the naked eye .
Scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology have discovered an energy source that you can see only through a microscope .
The researchers devised a process for generating electricity using nanotechnology .
They plan to refine the process in hopes of creating a new environmentally friendly battery , among other products .
It works like this : Researchers used tiny wires , known as carbon nanotubes , to create a powerful wave of energy , according to Michael Strano , and MIT associate professor of chemical engineering .
He is also the senior author of a paper on this new phenomenon , published in this week 's Nature Materials journal .
After coating these tiny wires with a layer of fuel , Strano said his team generated a so - called thermopower wave and stumbled across a reaction that may eventually be used to power electronics , computers and cell phones .
" This could lead to batteries that are up to 10 times smaller and still have the same power output .
In the portable energy and energy conservation arena , we 're trying to find power sources that have a smaller profile but hold more energy , " Strano told CNN Radio .
To build a power source , such as a battery , it 's necessary to move electrons in a material from one end of the battery to the other , creating an electrical current .
This thermopower wave MIT researchers discovered , using the class of molecules know as carbon nanotubes , does just that .
Strano said " some of the advantages of this technology [ are ] you can generate a lot of power from a very , very small device . "
And that 's not all .
Most batteries on the market now are made from highly toxic heavy metals , which are very bad for the environment -- metals like lead , nickel and cadmium .
Batteries made from this new thermopower technology would be completely nontoxic , Strano said .
" The materials we use to make these thermopower waves are organic .
They 're not grown naturally , but they 're made of carbon .
In other words , you could essentially incinerate them , or they would degrade over time , there 's no heavy metal residue , " Strano said .
There 's another potential benefit in using a so - called thermopower battery : energy savings .
" Most people do n't realize a battery sitting unused in your laptop is leaking its power away , " Strano said .
" If you take all the laptop batteries that are produced in one year , in the off state , they 're leaking an amount of power during that year that we could store in a small nuclear reactor ... and that 's power that 's essentially lost and dissipated just from laptop batteries . "
CNN 's Richard Benson contributed to this report .
On the eve of our worst financial crisis since the Depression , the United States was -- from an economic standpoint , at least -- a less equal nation than at any time since the Gilded Age .
The sputtering recovery now underway is producing few , if any , jobs to replace those that have been lost .
Meanwhile , a variety of factors continues to push wages and most salaries lower .
Thus , we ’re likely to emerge from this downturn with even greater disparities in income , wealth and effective tax rates , and the forces pushing us in that direction are particularly strong in Los Angeles County .
We have a pre-recession portrait of American inequality because , in 1992 , the Clinton administration asked the Internal Revenue Service to begin tracking the incomes and tax payments of the country ’s 400 richest households .
During the George W. Bush years , the IRS continued to collect the data , but -- you ’ll be shocked to know -- did n’t release it to the public .
Last week , the figures for 2007 were quietly made available , and , as David Cay Johnston , who formerly covered tax policy for the New York Times and now teaches at Syracuse University ’s law school , points out , “ The incomes of the top 400 American households soared to a new record high in dollars and as a share of all income in 2007 , while the income tax rates they paid fell to a record low . ”
Between 2006 and 2007 , according to the IRS , the average income of the country ’s 400 top taxpayers rose 31 % , from $ 263.3 million to $ 344.8 million .
At the same time , their effective income tax rate declined more than half a percentage point , from 17.17 % in 2006 to 16.62 % in 2007 .
That ’s all of a piece with trends documented by economists Emmanuel Saez and Thomas Piketty , whose research into global income patterns shows that between 1992 and 2007 , America ’s 400 richest households increased their average income by 399 % , while the bottom 90 % of the country ’s households gained just 13 % .
( Those percentages , by the way , reflect inflation - adjusted dollars . )
For a country that prides itself on creating opportunity and encouraging social mobility , those are distressing figures .
And if you narrow the focus to Los Angeles County , the picture is even darker .
According to figures compiled by the local chapter of the United Way , 1.47 million , or 15 % , of the county ’s approximately 10.4 million residents are living in poverty , which means an annual income of $ 22,000 for a family of four .
Close to 100,000 of those families are getting by on less than $ 10,000 a year .
Perhaps worse , 30 % of all our full - time workers earn less than $ 25,000 per year .
As a consequence , the percentages of county residents who live in poverty or are counted among the working poor markedly exceed the national averages .
Meanwhile , the national trend toward increasing income inequality is worse in Los Angeles County than in the country as a whole .
Over the last two decades , only the top 1 % of our salaried workers experienced significant income growth , while men and women earning the county median actually saw their inflation - adjusted hourly income decline by $ 2 .
Here ’s a telling example :
Over the last 10 years , financial managers enjoyed the largest occupational gains in income .
Their average annual salary climbed from $ 96,302 to $ 112,632 .
At the same time , the wages of their executive secretaries and administrative assistants actually fell , from $ 45,058 to $ 44,075 .
Retail sales clerks , janitors , preschool teachers and medical assistants also experienced declining annual incomes .
This economic crisis has erased all the hard - won job growth that occurred in Los Angeles County over the last decade , which makes the prospect of an essentially “ jobless recovery ” particularly dismaying .
Moreover , two of our most disturbing pre-recession trends are likely to exacerbate things still further :
Over the last decade , we ’ve lost not only 36.1 % of all traditional manufacturing jobs but also 16.3 % of the positions in film , television , radio and publishing that are supposed to be a crucial part of the new “ knowledge - based ” economy .
( Our prospects for competing there are further eroded by a school system that continues to graduate a woefully low percentage of our high school students . )
At both the city and county levels , it is increasingly imperative that elected officials do some hard and quick thinking about real educational reform and the need to recapture appropriate manufacturing jobs .
Unless some dramatic , proactive steps are taken , L.A. County seems likely to become the least equal region in an increasingly unequal nation .
t imothy.rutten@latimes.com
The pastor showed the pornography to about 300 people in his church
An anti-gay clergyman in Uganda has screened gay pornography in his church , in an attempt to gain support for proposed anti-homosexuality laws .
" We are in the process of legislation and we have to educate ourselves about what homosexuals do , " Pastor Martin Ssempa told the BBC .
Gay rights activists suggested the pastor " needed medical help " .
The anti-gay bill , which proposes the death penalty for some gay people , has caused outrage around the world .
US President Barack Obama described the proposals as " odious " .
Moral defender ?
Homosexuality is already against the law in Uganda and punishable by lengthy jail terms .
Anti-gay rallies have been held in Uganda
But supporters of the bill , including the pastor , want the punishments ramped up .
" In Africa , what you do in your bedroom affects our clan , it affects our tribe , it affects our nation , " he told the BBC's Network Africa programme .
He showed the pornography to about 300 people in his church .
The pastor had planned to lead a march in the capital , Kampala , but was forced to abandon the plans because of " security concerns " .
Monica Mbaru , from the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission , roundly condemned the pastor 's behaviour .
" You can not screen pornographic material to your followers and then want to argue that you are upholding society 's morals , " she told the BBC .
" I think we are dealing with someone who needs medical help . "
The anti-gay proposals garnered wide support among Ugandan MPs , but President Yoweri Museveni recently hinted that he was coming under international pressure to scrap the private member 's bill .
Twitter will unveil on Tuesday a much - anticipated plan for making money from advertising , finally answering the question of how the company expects to turn its exponential growth into revenue .
The advertising program , which Twitter calls Promoted Tweets , will show up when Twitter users search for keywords that the advertisers have bought to link to their ads .
Later , Twitter plans to show promoted posts in the stream of Twitter posts , based on how relevant they might be to a particular user .
Several companies will run ads , including Best Buy , Virgin America , Starbucks and Bravo .
“ The idea behind Promoted Tweets is that we want to enhance the communications that companies are already having with customers on Twitter , ” said Dick Costolo , Twitter ’s chief operating officer .
Since Twitter started in 2007 , its growth has resembled a hockey stick , increasing almost in a vertical line .
According to comScore , Twitter.com had 22.3 million unique visitors in March , up from 524,000 a year ago , and that does not include the millions more who use the service through third - party smartphone and Web applications like TweetDeck or Tweetie .
You know , the email that says ' classmates are trying to connect with you , now sign up for stuff ' .
Anyway , some guy got one , signed up , paid a fee like a moron then instigated a class action lawsuit when he realized .
To save future trouble , and ease the burdens of our overworked legal system :
President Obama said today he does n't have " litmus tests " on social issues for any Supreme Court nominee , but he supports abortion rights and he will make sure his choice " takes into account individual rights , and that includes women 's rights . "
" Part of what our core constitutional values promote is the notion that individuals are protected in their privacy and their bodily integrity , and women are not exempt from that , " Obama said before meeting with a group of senators .
Obama said , " I think we 've got some terrific potential candidates " to replace the retiring Justice John Paul Stevens , though he did not provide specific names .
Last year , Obama nominated Sonia Sotomayor on May 26 , and the president said he hopes to " accelerate " that timeline with this selection .
Obama praised the Senate for working " very cooperatively " to confirm Sotomayor two months before the court 's term began in October , and he is seeking similar results this time .
The White House meeting featured the Senate 's top party officials , Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R - Ky .
Obama also spoke with the chair and ranking Republican of the Senate Judiciary Committee : Sen. Patrick Leahy , D - Vt. , and Sen. Jeff Sessions , R - Ala .
" They are here to consult with me , " Obama said of his guests , adding that " I 'm going to be interested in hearing their thoughts and concerns before any final decisions are made . "
Obama praised Stevens as " somebody who operated with extraordinary integrity and fidelity to the law . "
He will be hard to replace , Obama said .
" but I 'm confident that we can come up with a nominee who will gain the confidence of the Senate and the confidence of the country , and the confidence of individuals who look to the court to provide evenhanded justice to all Americans . "
( Posted by David Jackson )
L’Oreal is at it again and the company recently released a hair care product which is said to revive dormant hair cells .
Kérastase Densifique is the newest and most talked about hair loss product in the market .
It is said that the product could reverse hair loss and thinning problems .
Demand for Kérastase Densifique is surging and salons have already pre-orders their bottles of the hair solution which is to be used for a recommended period of thee months .
The cost of the entire treatment is certainly not cheap as it costs about £ 300 , which translates to about $ 475 .
Does Kérastase Densifique Work ?
There have been many products which have been touted as the ‘ new and revolutionary ’ hair loss revival treatments , most of them have performed dismally .
Most of the hair loss products in the market rarely produce desirable results .
So what makes Kérastase Densifique different from the rest ?
Well , L’Oreal has used stem cell technology with the product .
As you are already aware of , stem cell products have been on the increase and this is because the treatment focuses on regenerative therapy .
The idea behind Kérastase Densifique is to act as a stem cell based treatment to revert baldness and hair thinning .
According to L’Oreal head of scientific affairs Patricia Pineau , the cosmetic product respects the natural regeneration of hair which is why it is so efficient .
The main ingredient in Kérastase Densifique is stemoxydine which is a molecule that attempts to increase the level of oxygen in the scalp .
Hair loss and balding are conditions that have been attributed to oxygen deficiency and with an increase in the oxygen levels , hair growth is a possibility .
Kérastase Densifique therefore aims to increase the production of hair follicles within the scalp and as a result encourage hair growth in parts of the scalp where follicles may have become dormant .
The result is thicker hair .
Kérastase Densifique ’s Clinical Study of Hair Growth with Stemoxydine
The average human hosts 100,000 to 150,000 hairs in the scalp .
Kérastase Densifique claims to assist in the natural production of hair follicles as opposed to disrupt it which is what many hair products do .
A clinical study using a solution of 5 percent stemoxydine produced an increase of 4 percent in the hair density of 101 subjects .
4 percent hair increase represents an increase of about 1700 hairs .
During the study , the solution was applied on the scalp once a day for three months and it was conducted on both men and women within the age groups of 18 and 55 years .
The results of the study are very encouraging considering that there are very few clinically proven hair loss products in the market .
It is still not clear if Kérastase Densifique has been approved by the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) or licensed by the Medicines and Healthcare Regulatory Agency ( MHRA ) .
According to L’Oreal , the demand for Kérastase Densifique is high , and while the three month treatment is being sold in selected salons and online stores , pre-orders are in the thousands .
Many people are indeed ready to try out the product which can regenerate hair growth to a count of over 1500 new hairs .
Kérastase Densifique ’s effectiveness is being credited on the stem cells ability to reach areas within the scalp that are susceptible to hair loss .
Most hair loss products target hair fibers as opposed to the scalp .
As mentioned earlier , hair loss and thinning are brought about by lack of sufficient oxygen within the scalp .
Kérastase Densifique therefore provides a viable solution to a problem that affects millions of people .
Kérastase Densifique is currently being sold in Europe but orders can be made from the UK and U.S .
A few Fridays ago , a young contemporary dancer named Will Rawls was working at his current production , the Marina Abramovic performance art retrospective at the Museum of Modern Art .
Specifically , he was standing naked in a gallery entrance , facing a naked woman , as museumgoers passed through the narrow space between them .
It was a re-enactment of “ Imponderabilia , ” a well - known piece originally performed by Ms. Abramovic and a partner in the 1970s .
Out of the corner of his eye , Mr. Rawls noticed an older man preparing to walk through .
“ He proceeded to slide his hand onto my ribs and back and then touched my butt , ” Mr. Rawls said .
“ As he was passing me he looked me in the eyes and said ‘ You feel good , man . ’ ”
“ I just turned and looked at the security guard and said , ‘ This man is touching me . ’
Then I looked back at my partner and left it at that . ”
When his shift was over , Mr. Rawls said , he learned from a security official that MoMA had revoked the man ’s 30 - year membership and barred him from returning to the museum .
( The museum would not comment on specific incidents , but issued a statement saying that “ any visitor who improperly touches or disturbs ” a performer will be removed . )
It turns out a crowded museum , like a crowded subway , is no excuse for an improper touch — a lesson that has been learned the hard way by some visitors to the retrospective , “ The Artist Is Present . ”
Guest post by Steven Goddard
( UK Pic Photo : NASA / GSFC , MODIS Rapid Response )
England , Scotland and Wales completely covered in snow , January , 2010
In my last article , I discussed the current theory that global warming is going to turn England into a tropical paradise .
And ten years ago we were told by The Met Office that “ Snowfalls are now just a thing of the past . ”
But five years ago the theory was that global warming will turn England into a frozen wasteland .
THE Gulf Stream currents that give Britain its mild climate have weakened dramatically , offering the first firm scientific evidence of a slowdown that threatens the country with temperatures as cold as Canada ’s .
The Atlantic Ocean “ conveyor belt ” that carries warm water north from the tropics has weakened by 30 per cent in 12 years , scientists have discovered .
The findings , from the National Oceanography Centre in Southampton , give the strongest indication yet that Europe ’s central heating system is breaking down under the impact of global warming .
Scientists have long predicted that melting ice caps could disrupt the currents that keep Britain at least 5C ( 40 F ) warmer than it should be , but the new research suggests that this is already under way .
It points to a cooling of 1C over the next decade or two , and an even deeper freeze could follow if the Gulf Stream system were to shut down altogether .
The British Isles lie on the same latitude as Labrador on the East Coast of Canada , and are protected from a similarly icy climate by the Atlantic conveyor belt , which carries a million billion watts of heat .
Although oceanographers still think it unlikely that the currents will stop completely , this could reduce average temperatures by between 4C and 6C in as little as 20 years , far outweighing any increase predicted as a result of global warming .
http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/uk/article598464.ece
What the scientists were saying is that the melting Arctic is going to flood the North Atlantic with cold fresh water , and will slow down the Gulf Stream .
The BBC explained it like this :
Global Warming will cause the Greenland ice cap to melt which , when combined with increased rainfall at high latitudes , will potentially disrupt the THC by adding freshwater and decreasing sea water salinity in the North Atlantic … .
Winters would be much colder than now “ along the lines of the winter of 1962 - 1963 ” suggests Jenkins , with summers being cooler and shorter .
This would have many social implications including ( not surprisingly ! ) transport and agriculture .
3 - 4 °C may not sound much , but the average air temperature difference between the ‘ Medieval Warm Period ’ when vineyards thrived in southern England and the ‘ Little Ice Age ’ when the River Thames regularly froze over was only 1 - 2°C .
Sun photo : English cars buried in global warming
The Guardian explained it like this :
“ Based on climate simulations we think that UK winters would be around 5 - 10C colder on average if the Gulf Stream shut down , ” says Michael Vellinga , of the Met Office ’s Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction and Research .
For those who can remember back that far , this would make the average UK winter feel more like 1963 , when February temperatures hovered around - 5 C .
So here is the climate cycle timeline :
2000 – Snowfalls are a thing of the past in Britain
2005 – Britain to turn into a frozen wasteland
2010 – Britain to become a tropical paradise like Portugal
Climate science in England shows a statistically significant cycle , alternating between tropical forecasts and ice age forecasts every five years .
What do readers think ?
Telegraph Image
England ’s Five Year Climate Forecast Cycle England , Scotland and Wales completely covered in snow , January , 2010
In my last article , I discussed the current theory that global warming is going to turn England into a tropical paradise .
And ten years ago we were told by The Met Office that “ Snowfalls are now just a thing of the past . ”
But five years ago the theory was that global warming will turn England into a frozen wasteland .
THE Gulf Stream currents that give Britain its mild climate have weakened dramatically , offering the first firm scientific evidence of a slowdown that threatens the country with temperatures as cold as Canada ’s .
The Atlantic Ocean “ conveyor belt ” that carries warm water north from the tropics has weakened by 30 per cent in 12 years , scientists have discovered .
The findings , from the National Oceanography Centre in Southampton , give the strongest indication yet that Europe ’s central heating system is breaking down under the impact of global warming .
Scientists have long predicted that melting ice caps could disrupt the currents that keep Britain at least 5C ( 40 F ) warmer than it should be , but the new research suggests that this is already under way .
It points to a cooling of 1C over the next decade or two , and an even deeper freeze could follow if the Gulf Stream system were to shut down altogether .
The British Isles lie on the same latitude as Labrador on the East Coast of Canada , and are protected from a similarly icy climate by the Atlantic conveyor belt , which carries a million billion watts of heat .
Although oceanographers still think it unlikely that the currents will stop completely , this could reduce average temperatures by between 4C and 6C in as little as 20 years , far outweighing any increase predicted as a result of global warming .
http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/uk/article598464.ece
What the scientists were saying is that the melting Arctic is going to flood the North Atlantic with cold fresh water , and will slow down the Gulf Stream .
The BBC explained it like this : Global Warming will cause the Greenland ice cap to melt which , when combined with increased rainfall at high latitudes , will potentially disrupt the THC by adding freshwater and decreasing sea water salinity in the North Atlantic … .
Winters would be much colder than now “ along the lines of the winter of 1962 - 1963 ” suggests Jenkins , with summers being cooler and shorter .
This would have many social implications including ( not surprisingly ! ) transport and agriculture .
3 - 4 °C may not sound much , but the average air temperature difference between the ‘ Medieval Warm Period ’ when vineyards thrived in southern England and the ‘ Little Ice Age ’ when the River Thames regularly froze over was only 1 - 2°C .
Sun photo : English cars buried in global warming The Guardian explained it like this : “ Based on climate simulations we think that UK winters would be around 5 - 10 C colder on average if the Gulf Stream shut down , ” says Michael Vellinga , of the Met Office ’s Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction and Research .
For those who can remember back that far , this would make the average UK winter feel more like 1963 , when February temperatures hovered around - 5 C .
So here is the climate cycle timeline : 2000 – Snowfalls are a thing of the past in Britain 2005 – Britain to turn into a frozen wasteland 2010 – Britain to become a tropical paradise like Portugal Climate science in England shows a statistically significant cycle , alternating between tropical forecasts and ice age forecasts every five years .
What do readers think ?
1 . Ice age for the UK 2 . Tropical paradise for the UK 3 .
Just the usual cold , rainy mess Telegraph Image
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
If you 're looking for the latest video games , there 's no reason to pay more than you have to .
Getting the right video game accessories also does n't need to leave you with empty pockets .
We 've got deals on video games and accessories that will help you save money on your favorite gaming products .
Ways to Save on Video Games
There are several ways to save when purchasing video games , from promo codes and coupons to waiting for new release prices to drop .
Here are a few ideas :
Look for promo codes and coupons .
Amazon , the PlayStation Store and Steam are examples of retailers that frequently offer video game coupons .
Search for video game deals at retailers like Best Buy and GameStop .
Explore web pages for information about the latest sales .
Stores like Amazon and the PlayStation Store have dedicated sale pages , making it easy to locate reduced - price items .
Purchase second - hand games .
Used products often sell at a substantial discount .
A retailer like Amazon carries select used video games for both Sony PlayStation and Xbox consoles .
Shop during popular sales like Black Friday and Cyber Monday to take advantage of specials and other video game offers .
Keep your eyes open for deals during January and July .
For example , Steam 's famous Summer Sale takes place during late June and early July .
Stay flexible about format .
Take advantage of price differences between physical and downloadable versions .
Start using a credit card with gaming - related rewards .
Look for a card that offers extra points when you use it to purchase games , video game consoles and accessories .
Wait a few weeks to purchase new releases .
Prices tend to drop within weeks or months of release dates .
Rent before you buy .
Try things out before spending your hard - earned money on an unknown product .
How Get Deals on Gaming Consoles and Accessories
If you 're looking to pump up the intensity of your experience with a new gaming console , controller or gaming mouse , Amazon and Walmart frequently have offers on accessories .
You can also find a variety of cable ties , gaming chairs and gaming desks at those retailers .
Two other places to look for deals on gaming accessories like headsets , microphones and cameras are GameStop and Newegg .
Another way to save on new consoles is to wait a few months for the prices to drop .
You can also increase your savings even more by purchasing a bundle containing a console with several games .
Streamer x Slickdeals Gaming Givaways
It ’s no secret that we love video games at Slickdeals .
In fact , the Video Games category page is one of the most popular sections on the site , followed closely by the Computers category page — both pages feature some of the best prices available on the web !
And what goes hand - in - hand with video games ?
Streamers !
We ca n’t get enough of the hilarity and antics of our favorite livestream personalities .
In the past we ’ve teamed up with YouTube Gamer DeFinch to offer an exciting giveaway .
Make sure to check back for more exciting givaways .
About Slickdeals
Slickdeals is the leading crowdsourced shopping platform :
FORT WASHINGTON , Md ( Reuters ) -
By the time thousands of parishioners stream into the 3,000 - seat Ebenezer AME Church on Easter Sunday , church leaders hope to have something else to celebrate : financial revival .
The congregation , one of America ’s largest , has been scrambling to raise funds to save the arena - sized sanctuary from potential foreclosure .
To that end , it has enlisted national leaders , such as the Reverend Jesse Jackson and Harvard Law School ’s Charles Ogletree , who was President Barack Obama ’s law professor .
Thanks to its 10,000 - member congregation and connections with business and civic leaders , Ebenezer expects to avoid the fate of a growing number of U.S. churches , which are defaulting on loans , facing foreclosure and even declaring bankruptcy at an unprecedented pace .
“ It ’s happening to virtually every church , ” said the Rev. Grainger Browning , senior pastor of Ebenezer .
“ At a recent meeting with the 100 top pastors in the country , it was amazing how all of us were facing some sort of challenge with the banks . ”
Supercheap , few - questions - asked loans were a temptation even churches could not resist , but now they are paying for their sins as the debt crisis enters the house of God .
Long considered among the safest of borrowers , churches gambled on real estate at a time when credit copiously flowed and lenders were startlingly lax .
But places of worship have since been battered by the economic downturn .
Donations have dipped , investment returns have plunged and bank credit is still hard to come by .
“ You build it and they will come .
It really was true through the years , ” said Brad Hampton , executive pastor at the Faith Center of Rockford , Illinois .
“ They like newness , ” he says of younger churchgoers .
Hampton ’s megachurch was erecting a new sanctuary that could seat almost 2,000 when his lender refused further credit beyond an initial $ 4.2 million .
The Faith Center , which also has a 48,000 - square - foot “ life center ” that operates various ministries , is being foreclosed upon .
“ People call and say ‘ You ’re not alone ’ , ” Hampton said .
FORECLOSURE FILINGS TRIPLE
Getting a complete picture of the financial health of churches across the country is difficult .
But a review of filings in the Thomson Reuters Westlaw legal database shows foreclosure proceedings against U.S. churches have nearly tripled since December 2007 , when the recession began , compared with the previous seven years , which included the dot.com bust and economic downturn .
Court records also reveal more than 100 churches have declared bankruptcy in the last year , often in a last - ditch attempt to halt a sheriff ’s sale .
That number could rise fast .
An investigation by a Memphis television station found hundreds of churches in the city fighting foreclosure .
Jackson estimates thousands of African - American churches nationwide are in danger of foreclosure , with 200 in Atlanta alone .
Ebenezer AME got into trouble when its cash reserves fell below $ 750,000 , tripping a covenant on its loan .
Slideshow ( 7 images )
Its lender , Bank of America , initially insisted that the church hire a consultant , at a cost of $ 5,000 a day , to keep a watch on its finances , and required cuts to pastoral benefits such as a car allowance .
The bank eventually dropped those demands , along with a plan to raise the interest rate on the church ’s $ 8.5 million mortgage , so long as Ebenezer AME found another lender to take over the loan .
Other lenders have been somewhat less forgiving .
Court records show that JPMorgan Chase &
Co relied on a private investigator to compile evidence against Hopewell Baptist Church , which operates out of the former B’nai Jeshurun synagogue in Newark , New Jersey , and is the home of “ kosher gospel ” music .
The private investigator , according to the court documents , photographed the license plates of everyone who drove up , in an apparent attempt to determine if the church was operating and likely to be collecting rent .
The court ended the church ’s bankruptcy protection and it is slated for sheriff ’s sale in April .
Of course , things are not uniformly bleak .
In the case of Ebenezer , the Maryland megachurch , its prayers may be answered .
The church hopes to finalize a deal with a new lender , Industrial Bank of Washington , DC , to take over the loan this week .
NEW LENDING FUELED BUILDING BOOM
Churches emerged from previous economic downturns relatively unscathed , lenders noted .
But the recent recession was preceded by an unusual boom in church building .
Spending on construction of religious buildings rose sharply in the late 1990s , climbing 70 percent from 1995 to 1999 to an annual rate of $ 7.3 billion .
New building continued to tick up , eventually reaching an annual rate of nearly $ 9 billion in 2003 before leveling off , according to data from the U.S. Census Bureau .
As was the case in the residential housing market , the church property boom was accompanied by the rise of more specialized lending .
Church lending was historically done by community banks , which sometimes have ties through a member of a congregation .
Loans were often set at a fixed rate and for a set term .
The emergence of larger congregations and the rush to build venues to accommodate them encouraged specialized lending that grew more aggressive .
Evangelical Christian Credit Union , America ’s Christian Credit Union and Strongtower Financial began to expand rapidly and compete for new business .
Some regional and community banks that were nudged out of residential lending by Wall Street banks also discovered lending to churches as a relatively fragmented and inviting business with a history of low defaults .
“ They entered the business with an absolute vengeance , ” said Phil Myers , president of the American Church Mortgage Co . “ Five or six years ago there may have been two or three lenders competing on a deal .
Now there were five .
Those loans are coming home to roost . ”
Traditional church lenders such as American Church Mortgage Co and Bank of the West found themselves struggling to compete as competitors stretched lending guidelines and dangled ever larger loans in front of church administrators and pastors .
“ We often lost business when offering $ 8 million and someone else would come in and offer $ 10 million , ” said Dan Mikes , who heads church lending for Bank of the West .
Slideshow ( 7 images )
Bank of the West has zero nonperforming loans to churches , which the bank attributes to its prudent lending guidelines .
Many of the loans made in recent years contained many of the same features that exacerbated the residential real estate crash , such as low - interest teaser rates , securitized loans and balloon payments .
As a result , bad loans are rising rapidly for those lenders that pushed aggressively into church finance .
Delinquent loans at the Evangelical Christian Credit Union , which expanded its loan portfolio from about $ 225 million to more than $ 1 billion over the last decade , have risen to 7.4 percent of their loans from 3.6 percent a year ago .
Until 2007 , the lender did not have a loan in foreclosure .
Ministry Investment Partners
Co , which finances evangelical churches and purchases loans from the Evangelical Christian Credit Union , reported 13.3 percent of its loans were nonperforming , up from 1.9 percent a year ago .
And in 2008 , the Church Mortgage and Loan Co filed for bankruptcy after a third of its outstanding loans were in foreclosure .
As these lenders struggle or disappear , many churches are finding their lifeline of credit has dried up .
What is more , the value of many of the buildings and properties owned by churches has fallen sharply , sometimes even below the mortgage used to finance a project , making refinancing almost impossible .
“ It ’s an unprecedented time , ” Mikes said .
CUTTING STAFF AND REDUCING PROGRAMS
Even the richest , most established churches have not been immune to this economic downturn .
A study by the researcher Barna Group found more than half of U.S. churches said they have been hurt by the recession , with one church in six cutting staff .
The Episcopal Church in the United States , one of the wealthiest U.S. denominations , is feeling the pinch from a $ 1 billion loss in the combined investment portfolio for 2008 , according to Kirk Hadaway , the head of congregational research for the Episcopal Church .
Yet the financial woes appear to be the most severe among nondenominational churches which were also among the fastest growing over the past decade .
Many churches attracted younger members and families by offering an array of activities and events , and began building centers with health clubs , meeting rooms , cafes and sports fields .
The new - look houses of worship were often located along busy commercial strips on major thoroughfares , and bear little resemblance to the steepled churches that dot rural New England .
“ Churches were trying to fill many roles , ” said Faith Center ’s Hampton .
“ They were trying to fill cultural gaps . ”
Without the support of a large national organization , some churches felt the need to take on debt to support their growth and building .
Now , many are cutting staff , reducing programs and reining in expenses .
“ Churches have downsized staff , moved from full - time to part - time clergy , because the revenues are not coming in , ” said Scott Thumma , a sociology of religion professor with the Hartford Institute for Religion Research .
One - time emergency giving campaigns can also fill a short - term gap .
Rick Warren , who delivered a prayer at President Barack Obama ’s inauguration , recently raised more than $ 2 million during a one - weekend emergency appeal for funding .
And churches have given up immediate plans for building .
“ They ’ve decided to rent movie theaters or contract with local hotels to have multiple services , ” rather than build a new building , Thumma said .
“ They might have a worship service with a live band but the main sermon is from a live feed .
That ’s becoming more common because of the economy . ”
African American churches in particular appear hard hit .
Their congregations have suffered higher unemployment , and often the churches provide more services .
“ It ’s devastating , ” Reverend Jackson said .
“ They are closing down services to seniors .
They are closing down feeding programs .
Demand for services are on the rise and the ability to provide services is decreasing , ” he said .
Jackson is organizing a campaign against church foreclosures .
“ It ’s our largest single institution , ” he said , “ the greatest cash - flow institution . ”
Air Canada 's operator Jazz said the security breach was " isolated "
A Canadian airline has conducted a safety review after a university law lecturer was left sleeping on a plane 90 minutes after it had landed .
Kris Lines , head of Sports Law Group at Staffordshire University , said he was woken up by a mechanic in an otherwise empty hangar at Vancouver Airport .
He had been flying with Air Canada Jazz from Calgary in Canada in March .
The firm said it was an " isolated incident " but had carried out a review to ensure it did not happen again .
Airline security
Mr Lines said the air stewards had not walked all the way to the back of the plane , where he was sitting , to check it was empty before putting the plane in the hangar for the night .
He said he was a heavy sleeper and had not noticed other passengers leaving .
Mr Lines said he was treated very well once he was spotted but the situation raised worries about the airline 's security .
He said he had been offered 20 % off his next internal Canadian flight .
For our latest mission , over 1,000 people rode the subway without underwear or pants in New York City .
Our annual No Pants Subway Ride has been a tradition for years , and we decided it was time to up the ante .
Riders spread out over four different subway lines to surprise and delight everyday New Yorkers riding the train .
Enjoy the video first and then go behind the scenes with our mission report and photos .
We have blurred out the private parts of all the riders to keep the documentation safe for work .
Train Captains : Agents Fiedler , Lathan , Lindquist , Todd
Digital Video : Agents Adams , Nicholson , Haskel , Gross
Digital Photography : Agents Nicholson , Sokoler
The crowd at Foley Square
I was a little nervous about this idea , as I could definitely see how some people might think it was pushing things a bit too far .
Improv Everywhere is about giving people a positive experience and a great story to tell , and I really had to think through whether or not this was the best idea .
After sending out an email to a group of small senior agents , I was comforted by the fact that they all thought it was hilarious and were eager to participate .
There is definitely a huge difference between being in your underwear and totally exposing your genitals , so even the most senior “ No Pants veterans ” were a little nervous about pulling this off .
I was also concerned about the legality .
In 2006 , No Pants was stopped by the police and six people were handcuffed in their underwear .
But that case was dismissed and we could n’t find any law on the books or MTA regulation stating that nudity was n’t OK , so we figured we were in the clear .
Giving instructions to the crowd
I was careful to instruct all of the participants to be as respectful as possible .
This was not about offending people .
We wanted to give those who saw it a memorable experience that they ’d be laughing about for the rest of their lives .
Logistically the event worked much like No Pants .
We separated into four different train lines , and divided up into ten cars on each train .
I figured it would only be fair if I went first on my car .
No one reacted when I removed my pants , but I heard a few gasps and yelps when I removed my underwear .
Pretty quickly the other riders started laughing and talking to each other .
At the next stop Agent Shafeek stood up and removed his pants and underwear as well on the other side of the car .
You could see people in the middle doing double takes looking back and forth at both of us .
Agent Shafeek removing his underwear
Agent Lindquist was next .
She was a little nervous , being the first female participant to de-underwear .
Agents Lindquist and Shafeek acting like they do n’t know each other
It was funny to see the reactions on the train .
This guy found himself sitting right in between two half - naked Improv Everywhere agents .
He could n’t help but sneak some looks .
Agent Lathan was hilarious when he clumsily took his underwear off .
He then went to go check the subway map , leaning in very close to a woman who was laughing hysterically at him .
One thing that was different than No Pants is that we had participants transfer from the undressing car to the “ target ” car as a big group .
We thought it might be a little unsafe to have people waiting on the platform alone with their genitals exposed .
There was safety in numbers .
Our participants got some great reactions when we were waiting on the platforms .
There were so many laughing and smiling people passing by .
A laughing MTA employee comes out of his office to check us out
Once everyone transferred to each “ target ” car on their second train , things got really funny .
Imagine the doors opening and 30 half - naked people getting on your car .
All of the train lines converged on Union Square at the end of the mission , which means that within a short stretch of time 1,000 pantless and underwearless people passed through the station ’s exit turnstiles .
We hope to make the No Underwear Subway Ride an annual event , just like No Pants .
If you ’re interested in participating next year ( or starting one in your own city ) , be sure to sign up for our mailing list .
We ’ll announce the date of next year ’s ride shortly after next year ’s No Pants .
Mission Accomplished .
OTHER RESOURCES :
Chad Nicholson ’s Flickr Set
Katie Sokoler ’s Flickr Set
We 've been waiting years for the comic book that tells the backstory of Firefly 's Shepherd Book , called The Shepherd 's Tale .
And now it 's finally coming out , written by Zack Whedon from a detailed scene - by - scene outline by his brother Joss .
Advertisement
We 've heard little hints about Book , including that he found God in a bowl of soup , he killed a man , and one part of him is artificial .
But now , Zack Whedon explains to Comic Book Resources that all will be revealed about Serenity 's most enigmatic crewmember :
You will see Book 's full trajectory ...
How he became the man he was in the show and who he was previous to that .
It takes you deep into his past .
You really get to see the entire evolution of this man .
This story is much more character - oriented than adventure - oriented .
It is a great ride to be sure , but it does n't have the consistent action element that the show or the previous comics had .
I mean , the guy 's a shepherd , and the majority of the comic covers the period before he got on Serenity and started hanging out with those hooligans .
It will cover a lot of locales , some of which will be familiar and some of which will not be at all , but all of which will be fun to explore ...
Book specifically is a great character to do the origin of because we know so little about it in the show , the little hints that we get are so enticing and his history is very ... complicated .
It 's an intricate set of circumstances that created the man we meet in the show so that is very fun to explore .
Advertisement
There 's some concept art showing Book at different ages — still looking like Ron Glass throughout — and it 's pretty amazing .
Separately , editor Scott Allie tells CBR that this might be the most Firefly - esque Firefly comic yet :
It was Joss ' idea , late last year , to bring Zack on for this , and we jumped at it , because by then I think he 'd already written his first issue of ' Terminator . '
So we knew he could nail this .
There 's a scene , early on in ' Shepherd 's Tale , ' where you see most the cast of ' Serenity ' back together , and it 's the closest I 've ever come to feeling like the show 's back .
Sometimes with just one line - Wash - Zack perfectly recreates these characters .
I can't wait for people to read it .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
He 's not the only one who can't wait .
The Shepherd 's Tale comes out this November , as a hardcover graphic novel .
Code Bubbles : Rethinking the User Interface Paradigm of Integrated Development Environments
上の動画は，ブラウン大学 のAndrew Bragdon氏らによって開発された統合開発環境" Code Bubbles " のデモだ。プログラミングと統合環境に興味のある人は，とにかく一度見てみて欲しい。とてもインパクトのあるデモだ。
現行の統合開発環境は，いまだにファイル単位でのエディットを基本としており，それが様々な不便を生み出している。Code Bubblesはその不便を解消するべくデザインされた，まったく新しい形の統合環境だ。バブルと呼ばれる概念を導入することによって，ソースコードのナビゲーションを，より視覚的かつインタラクティブなものへと進化させている。
残念ながら現状ではこのデモが公開されているのみで，他に分かっていることと言えば，今のところJava専用であり，Eclipse上に実装されているということぐらいだ。論文等は４月以後に発表されるものとなっている。
( via ignore the code )
Share + - url :
If you want to learn more about the philosophy of architect Ron Radzinger , just look at his own home in Venice , California .
Radzinger is a partner in the prestigious architectural firm Marmol Radziner +
Associates ( MRA ) , which he established in 1989 with Leo Marmol .
Their firm is involved in a wide range of design projects , including architectural design , programming , master planning , historic restoration , landscape design , interior design , and furniture .
They re leaders in the prefab movement .
They also specialize in restoration work of houses originally designed by legendary architects .
Most of their work includes high - end custom site - built residential projects in California for celebrity clients such as Tom Ford ( formerly with Gucci and Yves Saint Laurent ) , actors Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher , and musician Anthony Kiedis .
MRA is highly recognized in the architectural field for their work in innovative design , research , and precision .
They have won several awards in their twenty - year long history , including the American Institute of Architects Honor Award for their restoration of the Kaufmann Desert House in Palm Springs , originally designed by Richard Neutra in 1946 .
They were awarded Business Week Magazines International Design Excellence Award ( IDEA ) , and in 2004 , were named the American Institute of Architectures Firm of the Year .
Radziner , MRAs principle designer , was educated in the 80s at the California Polytechnic State University and the University of Colorado .
He is a member of the prestigious College of the Fellows of the American Institute of Architects and was inducted into the Interior Design Hall of Fame in 2009 .
MRAs webpage states that Radzinger is involved with developing solutions that provide a unique architectural identity and forge strong connections between interior and exterior spaces . 
This is exactly what Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher states MRA did for their luxurious family home in Beverly Hills .
It was important to the couple and to the designers that the integrity of the existing home remain while altering it to fit the needs of the couples large , extended family .
They also wanted to retain a strong connection with nature that surrounds the home .
As Moore stated ,  You feel the outside when you re inside .
The house is part of nature .
Radziner agreed , stating that one of the firms goals for the design of the home was to make its inhabitants feel like they were hanging in the trees .
It makes sense , then , that when Radzinger designed his own home for his young family , he would follow similar techniques .
When he re-designed the house in 2003 , it consisted of expansive interiors , including an outdoor dining area with a big fireplace a contemporary update to the California Modernist ideal of indoor - outdoor living made popular during the mid-20th century .
When the neighboring lot came up for sale , Radzinger bought it to create even more outdoor space for him and his family .
He was able to add almost 1,500 square feet of indoor space , open - air living and dining areas , a garden , and a pool .
Radzingers architectural values , and the values of his entire firm , are apparent in every home and building they design .
The firm combines modern design and architectural concepts with traditional designs .
A Fresh Look for Ubuntu
The new style of Ubuntu is driven by the theme " Light " .
We 've developed a comprehensive set of visual guidelines and treatments that reflect that style , and are updating key assets like the logo accordingly .
The new theme takes effect in 10.04 LTS and will define our look and feel for several years .
Ubuntu has seen a tremendous amount of growth and change since it was conceived in 2004 .
Back then it was a small project with strong ambitions and a handful of developers passionate about delivering a world class Linux Operating System that can compete on every level with Microsoft and Apple .
We adopted a style based on the tagline " Linux for Human Beings " , and called it " Human " .
Six years on we have made incredible progress .
Ubuntu is a global phenomenon : we have carved out a pervasive culture of quality and design , thoughtful usability and great technology all fused together in a project that maintains the same commitment to community and collaborative development that we embraced back in 2004 .
In 2009 , a small team lead by Mark Shuttleworth , conducted a review of our key brand values and identity .
Based on that work , a set of visual treatments were produced , and shared with key members of the Ubuntu Art community , spanning the core distributions , derivatives , and aligned efforts like the Forums .
Representatives from Ubuntu , Kubuntu , Edubuntu , Xubuntu , Mythbuntu , SpreadUbuntu and more came to London and worked with the Canonical design team to refine the designs and work together .
The results of that work are presented here .
Brand Values
The key values we believe are reflected in the Ubuntu project are :
Precision .
We ship high quality software , and we ship it exactly on schedule .
Our Debian heritage means that the individual components of our platform are tightly defined and neatly arranged .
There is no excess , no fat , and no waste in Ubuntu .
We are a community that thrives on delivery .
Reliability .
We are building Ubuntu for serious use .
Whether it is being deployed on the desktop or in the cloud , we care that Ubuntu is secure , reliable and predictable .
We deliver updates to Ubuntu that are rigorously tested .
When we make a mistake , we learn from it and put in place good processes to ensure that it does not happen again .
Collaboration .
Ubuntu is the result of collaborative work between thousands of people , and it is both the beneficiary and the public face of the collaborative work of * tens * of thousands of free software developers who build individual upstream components , or aggregate them in Debian .
We go to great lengths to ensure that anybody , anywhere , who is passionate about Ubuntu and competent to participate , can do so .
We enable virtual participation in our physical Ubuntu Developer Summits , we use mailing lists and IRC in preference to over - the - cubicle - wall communications , and we welcome contributions from both companies and individuals .
Our governance bodies reflect the diversity of that participation , and leadership or permissions are based on proven merit , not corporate employment .
Freedom .
We strive to deliver the very best free software platform .
Our highest mission is to accelerate the adoption and spread of free software , to make it the de facto standard way that people build and consume software .
We celebrate the work of other groups committed to collaborative content development , and open content licensing .
While we are pragmatic about this ( we ship proprietary drivers when we believe they are a requirement to get free software working well on PC's ) we expressly do not include any proprietary applications in the default installation of Ubuntu .
We want people to love and appreciate free software , and even though we work to make sure that Ubuntu is compatible with , certified with and iteroperable with popular proprietary software , we do so to facilitate the adoption of free alternatives to proprietary solutions .
While the branding has changed , the freedoms and rights have not : our global community will still maintain access to the resources needed to construct logos that use the branding .
We will be providing the new font , images , colour specs , and a set of recommendations for creating branding for websites , t- shirts and the other needs of our community .
As before we will protect the integrity of the Ubuntu brand with the Ubuntu Trademark Policy ( http://www.ubuntu.com/aboutus/trademarkpolicy).
Light : Ubuntu is Lightware
The new style in Ubuntu is inspired by the idea of " Light " .
We 're drawn to Light because it denotes both warmth and clarity , and intrigued by the idea that " light " is a good value in software .
Good software is " light " in the sense that it uses your resources efficiently , runs quickly , and can easily be reshaped as needed .
Ubuntu represents a break with the bloatware of proprietary operating systems and an opportunity to delight to those who use computers for work and play .
More and more of our communications are powered by light , and in future , our processing power will depend on our ability to work with light , too .
Visually , light is beautiful , light is ethereal , light brings clarity and comfort .
Historical perspective : From 2004 - 2010 , the theme in Ubuntu was " Human " .
Our tagline was " Linux for Human Beings " and we used a palette reflective of the full range of humanity .
Our focus as a project was bringing Linux from the data center into the lives of our friends and global family .
The Gallery
To show off the new look and feel , we have prepared a number of examples applied to the many and sundry types of visual content we use across Ubuntu , merchandise and elsewhere .
Logos
After six years it was time to refresh the face of Ubuntu starting with the word mark .
We wanted Ubuntu to reflect the precision and engineering that sits at the heart of the product .
The new logo reflects this but not at the expense of the immediately recognisable circle of friends .
Community Logos
A vibrant community has grown up around Ubuntu and we 're thrilled and proud of what we 've all helped to create .
With that in mind we wanted to make sure that you do n't have to throw that work away .
You can incorporate what you 've done into this work .
New GtkThemes
Boot Splash
To celebrate this fresh new look and exciting palette we 've really simplified the boot experience .
Not that you 'll see it for very long thanks to the amazing work by the engineering teams !
More
Some more examples can be found here .
your - instructions - from - moscow :
your - instructions - from - moscow :
Manhunt # 5 ( February 1948 )
# why is there a gorilla looking in the window you ask # because golden age comics fuckin loved gorillas that ’s why
for real tho , I read an interesting article about how in the 1950s comics publishers did some customer research that showed that comics with apes in them sold really well .
Next thing you know they were sticking gorillas everywhere .
I ca n’t find the original article but here ’s one that covers it
“ I cannot speak highly enough about Charlie Domer and everyone else at Domer Law .
They are hardworking , dedicated and great with communication .
They exceeded all of my expectations .
I do n’t want to begin to imagine what life would be like for my wife and me without their help .
I feel extremely blessed to have Charlie Domer advocating for me . ”
– Kyle V. , Milwaukee , WI
Few divorce law and family law matters have only one cause and one solution .
When resolving any family law matter , it is important to consider all the possible options and outcomes .
Whether you are looking for the top Boston divorce lawyer or need to consult with one of our knowledgeable family law attorneys , Mavrides Law 's divorce lawyers are committed to providing comprehensive solutions and satisfaction for every client .
We offer the best Boston divorce lawyers for divorce , mediation , child custody , child support , alimony and post divorce settlements .
Lead divorce attorney Marcia Mavrides has over 35 years of experience in divorce & family law matters .
Marcia and her staff of attorneys and staff include : Jennifer Silva , Esq. , Emily Weber , Esq. , Amy Abbott , Esq. , Julia Rodgers , J.D. , and paralegal Lindsay Allyson .
Mavrides Law is consistently voted a top Boston Divorce and Family Law Firm .
Add interesting content and earn coins
New Post
added by shamad
added by mrvee
added by deedeeflower
added by deedeeflower
added by deedeeflower
Source : I made it < 3
added by gothic__girl
added by shamad
added by Beast72
added by shamad
added by shamad
added by jlhfan624
added by GDragon612
added by jlhfan624
added by jlhfan624
added by mrvee
added by deedeeflower
added by deedeeflower
added by agata88
According to a new Rasmussen poll , a 2012 presidential race between Republican Congressman Ron Paul and Barack Obama would end in a dead heat , with Obama favored by 42 percent of those polled and Paul by 41 percent .
It was the biggest political news this month you probably did n’t hear about .
Some dismissed this news as being significant only to the faithful followers of the outspoken , anti-government congressman , while ignoring the much larger revelation that if the election were held today , the “ fringe ” 2008 Republican primary candidate could feasibly become the next president .
The Drudge Report noted the significance of Paul ’s showing by running the headline “ Shock Poll , ” but most mainstream cable and network news outlets , talk radio , and print media said little about it .
However , plenty of coverage was given to Rasmussen ’s possible 2012 presidential matchups between Obama and Republicans like Mitt Romney and Sarah Palin , both of whom scored about the same as Paul , with Palin doing slightly worse .
The media and political establishment have never been keen on any news that is not of their own making , but their continued focus on only alleged “ serious ” Republican contenders at the expense of supposedly irrelevant figures like Paul shows that it is the establishment and their official , predictable narrative that is truly becoming less relevant .
Things are changing .
Social issues , like abortion and gay marriage , have long served the Republican leadership well , delivering votes to the GOP and turning elections .
Yet , as government spending snowballs and the national debt continues to explode , social issues may no longer be a top concern for many conservatives , or as The Politico reported :
“ Tea Party activists are divided roughly into two camps , according to a new Politico / TargetPoint poll : one that ’s libertarian - minded and largely indifferent to hot - button values issues and another that ’s culturally conservative and equally concerned about social and fiscal issues . ”
The report added , “ The results , however , suggest a distinct fault line that runs through the Tea Party activist base , characterized by two wings led by the politicians who ranked highest when respondents were asked who ‘ best exemplifies the goals of the Tea Party movement ’ — former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and Rep. Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) … ”
The pro-war policies of George W. Bush , still promoted vigorously today by Romney and Palin , have held significant sway with a plurality of voters in the past .
But in a Pew Research Center Poll released in February , roughly half of Americans now believe the United States should “ mind its own business internationally , ” a platform promoted by Paul alone among his fellow Republican primary opponents during 2008 .
In December , a Rasmussen poll found that the Tea Party received more support than either of the major parties amongst independent voters and even bested the GOP among Republican voters .
In the most recent Rasmussen poll , Paul scored better than any Republican among independents , while Palin was considered the most divisive by voters at large .
What we might be seeing with Paul , the GOP , and the mainstream conservative movement is similar to what happened to rock music in the early 1990s , when the music establishment was still banking on glam metal acts like Mötley Crüe , Poison , and Warrant , only to see a grungy Seattle trio called Nirvana come from out of nowhere and revolutionize the music industry .
Yesterday ’s hair metal and mainstream pop fans immediately flocked to this newer “ alternative ” music .
Alternative music was considered more attractive because it was perceived as being the real thing , as opposed to the music of the day , which many found to be stale , manufactured , and uninspiring .
The truth is alternative music had been developing an under - the - radar following for over a decade before the mainstream figured out what was happening .
So - called college bands like R.E.M. , The Pixies , and The Replacements and heavier acts like Alice in Chains had already readied millions of ears for something edgier than what they were hearing on the radio at that time .
Similarly , Paul ’s conservatism is really nothing new , as the congressman has been peddling his brand of fiscal and constitutionally focused , Barry Goldwater - style libertarianism under the radar for decades .
Now , Paul ’s old - fashioned conservatism is increasingly seen as fresh , attractive , and exciting to a possible majority of Republican , Tea Party , and independent voters .
Of course the media and political establishment do not , and will not , appreciate any emerging Ron Paul revolution , anymore than the hair metal acts appreciated the rise of Nirvana and alternative music .
However , trying to stop an idea whose time has come is almost always unsuccessful , and whether or not Ron Paul ’s time has truly come remains to be seen .
That the mainstream media and GOP establishment will never see him coming does not .
Catch Southern Avenger commentaries every Tuesday and Friday at 7:50 a.m. on the “ Morning Buzz with Richard Todd ” on 1250 AM WTMA .
The White House is threatening to veto a key intelligence funding bill over what it considers to be a dangerous amount of oversight on covert agencies , according to published reports .
The 2010 Intelligence Budget has gone through a number of key changes over the past few months , with House Democrats and the Obama administration butting heads over a number of provisions .
Key among them for the latest White House veto threat is a provision that would allow the Government Accountability Office to investigate intelligence agencies .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Current law exempts intelligence and counterintelligence activities from GAO review , leaving oversight to the inspectors general at the various intelligence community agencies , ” Politico reported .
In a letter to the House and Senate intelligence committees , Office of Management and Budget chief Peter Orszag highlighted several areas of the bill that have intelligence officials worried , including the GAO oversight provision .
Orszag ’s letter also claims that proposed reforms to how Congress is notified of covert activities poses a “ serious ” threat that intelligence agencies object to .
Strangely , Orszag additionally called out an effort to re-investigate the 2001 anthrax attacks , which have since been blamed on the deceased government scientist Bruce Ivins .
An unnamed Obama administration official told Bloomberg News that if the 2010 Intelligence Budget demands another look at the FBI ’s conclusions , the bill would be vetoed .
The FBI ’s probe has been heavily criticized by members of Obama ’s own party for “ numerous ” mistakes made by the FBI during the lengthy inquiry .
Joseph Michael , a scientist at the Sandia National Laboratories in Albuquerque , New Mexico , also noted a key difference in “ chemical fingerprints ” between a flask linked to Ivins and the anthrax that was sent to government offices around the country .
ADVERTISEMENT
At the FBI ’s request , the National Academy of Sciences convened a 15 - member panel to review the scientific soundness of the eight - year investigation .
According to Elie Dolgin at Nature magazine , the FBI believes the scientific review of its own investigation to be “ unprecedented , ” but at least one member of Congress , Rep. Rush Holt ( D - NJ ) , thinks the case deserves another look , suggesting that the FBI ’s investigators themselves be investigated .
Ivins , 62 , a biodefense researcher who spent years working on a better anthrax vaccine , overdosed on Tylenol and Codiene in 2008 , after learning that the FBI was preparing to indict him on murder charges .
In its ’ present form , the 2010 Intelligence Budget would also significantly revise the “ Gang of Eight ” requirement , under which the president informs key members of Congress about ongoing covert activities .
ADVERTISEMENT
As a reaction to the Bush administration ’s secrecy over its ’ massive electronic spying program , Congress last year approved the revisions that would allow House and Senate intelligence committees to write their own rules on who is told what .
President Obama objected .
Other revisions House Democrats made to the bill , noted by The Washington Post earlier in March , include :
ADVERTISEMENT
On Thursday , the House , as part of the fiscal 2010 intelligence authorization bill , approved a new plan that had been negotiated with the administration .
Under it , the president would have to notify both committees that there has been a Gang of Eight disclosure and provide the other members with “ general information on the content of the finding or notice . ”
He would continue to be required to find it “ essential to limit access . . . to meet extraordinary circumstances affecting vital interests of the United States . ”
Another added element would permit any one of the Gang of Eight to break his or her silence and register opposition to the proposed intelligence operation with the director of national intelligence .
That action would have to take place within 48 hours .
The DNI would then report in writing to the president his response to the objection .
A copy would also go to the lawmaker .
A further modification is directly related to last year ’s controversy over what was disclosed in September 2002 about the waterboarding of the al - Qaeda terrorist known as Abu Zubaida to Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) , then the ranking minority member of the House intelligence panel .
Pelosi , now the speaker of the House , denied she was told of the torture - like process .
Under the proposed law , the president would be required to record the date of a Gang of Eight briefing .
After 30 days , the president would also be required to provide that information in writing to the committee of the lawmaker who was briefed .
President Obama issued his first veto threat against the bill in late February , reacting to a provision that would have mandated prison sentences for intelligence operatives that employ “ cruel , inhuman and degrading ” interrogation techniques .
As one of his first orders of business , President Obama banned the so - called “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” that hallmarked the Bush years , requiring all interrogators to abide by guidelines in the Army Field Manual .
“ The torture provision , introduced by Rep. Jim McDermott , D - Wash . , defined cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment of detainees and provided a penalty of up to 15 years in prison for using such techniques during an interrogation , ” the Associated Press noted .
“ It also said medical professionals who enable the use of improper treatment could face up to five years in prison . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
In another reaction to Bush - era abuses of power , the bill would also prohibit private contractors from engaging in prisoner interrogations ; a far cry from the prior administration , under which interrogators from U.S. IT firm CACI allegedly participated in torture through conspiracy , according to a lawsuit filed by four Iraqi men imprisoned in Abu Ghraib and later released without charge .
Macoto Murayama can spend months on one of his botanical illustrations , and when he ’s done , the plant looks like something that blossomed in outer space .
First , he dissects his subject with a scalpel , from stamen to sepal .
Then he sketches and photographs each component with the help of a basic microscope and magnifying glass .
Once it ’s all composited with 3ds Max and Photoshop , the resulting images seem equal parts x-ray and autopsy .
“ There ’s an overwhelming charm in the detailed drawings of both plants and machines , ” Murayama says .
“ Machines have an organic side , while plants have a mechanical side . ”
In some of his pieces , labels and measurement scales hint at traditional botanical sketches .
On others , the ghostly skeletons and hypnotic symmetries speak for themselves .
Rose
Inkjet on paper ( white film )
Sweet Pea
Inkjet on paper ( white film )
Transvaal Daisy
Inkjet on paper ( white film )
Sweet Pea
Inkjet on paper ( white film )
Spider Lily
Inkjet on paper ( white film )
Yoshino Cherry
Inkjet on paper ( white film )
Sunflower
Inkjet on paper ( white film )
Rose
Inkjet on paper ( white film )
Sunflower
Inkjet on paper ( white film )
Monday , March 15 , 2010
Percentage of ethnic Tamils in each district of Sri Lanka .
Regular numbers are from 2001 census , italic numbers from 1981 census .
The Tamil National Alliance ( TNA ) , the chief political party of the ethnic Tamil group in Sri Lanka , has said in its manifesto for upcoming elections that it would accept a " federal structure " for the country .
Since its formation in 2001 , the TNA had previously aimed for full independence for Tamil regions .
The party also stated it would encourage non-violent civil disobedience in support of Tamil rights .
Sri Lanka 's civil war has killed up to 100,000 people , after the Tamil Tiger rebel group began its armed struggle in 1983 .
The TNA had widely been viewed as a political wing to the Tigers .
In 2009 the Sri Lankan government launched a major military assault against Tiger militants in the north of the country , which displaced around 280,000 people and provoked international controversy .
However it succeeded in defeating the rebels , and led to the re-election of president Mahinda Rajapaksa this year .
The TNA , a coalition of various Tamil parties , currently holds 22 seats in the Sri Lankan parliament but has been weakened by the defeat of the Tigers .
Since its formation in 2001 it has pushed for independence for the Tamil dominated regions of the north and east , but has had to avoid any direct endorsement of separatism , which would be considered illegal .
In the new manifesto , released on Saturday , the party also said that it would begin a civil disobedience movement in the style of Mahatma Gandhi .
One section said : " If the Sri Lankan state continues its present style of governance without due regard to the rights of the Tamil - speaking peoples , [ we ] will launch a peaceful , non-violent campaign of civil disobedience on the Gandhian model . "
The parliamentary elections in Sri Lanka are due to occur on 8 April .
The government are also hoping to strengthen their position , and achieve the two - thirds majority they need to enact changes to the constitution .
Sources
Victoria ’s Electoral Commission has flagged plans to expand its use of electronic voting kiosks based on Linux software in the next state election in November this year .
The state first started using the machines in a limited trial during the last state election in 2006 .
It appears as if the machines were used for voting for the vision - impaired , as well as for military personnel .
News of the rollout was broken by Computerworld .
However , in tender documents released last week , the state revealed it would expand its use of the machines .
About one hundred kiosks will be deployed to early voting centres ( including mobile facilities ) around the state as well as in the United Kingdom .
According to the tender documentation , the machines will consist of one in - built 19 ″ LCD touch - screen , one PC with an Ethernet network port , and an in - built USB smartcard reader .
The machine must be able to run Linux , as the commission has requested Linux drivers for the components .
The commission stated it would install Linux on the machines itself , but it remains unclear which exact version of the open source operating system it will use .
The tender documents stated that drivers must be compatible with the “ 2.6 kernel / Gentoo release of Red Hat Enterprise Linux ” .
However Red Hat and Gentoo are quite different Linux distributions .
It appears as if Victoria ’s previous e-voting system was supplied by Hewlett - Packard , in conjunction with Spanish company Scytl .
The news comes as Linux has not been making headway for desktop use in Australia — even in such limited use as customised and locked down terminals such as e-voting systems require .
One of the last stand - out Linux desktop deployments in Australia was that found at Kennards Hire .
However , in December 2009 the plant and equipment company revealed it had migrated its 300 desktop machines running Fedora Linux back to Windows ( thin clients ) in 2008 .
In contrast , the New Zealand government is currently engaged in a pilot to replace Windows PCs with desktops running Linux and open source software .
However , Linux remains a force in local server deployments , where it is seen as the main rival operating system to Microsoft Windows .
Image credit : Larry Ewing
For hundreds of years , people off the coast of Maine have noted a large whirlpool known as " Old Sow . "
It 's the biggest whirlpool in the western hemisphere , and exhibits a lot of weird behaviors ( including making pig noises ) .
According to Atlas Obscura :
Though said to be named the " Old Sow " whirlpool because it makes sounds like the grunts like a pig , it is more likely that it was actually the " olde sough " or " old drain . "
Pronounced suff , over the years the pronunciation of the Dutch word probably shifted to " sow " ( much like the word plough , pronounced pluff , turning to plow ) as did the spelling and backstory of its name .
( Other smaller nearby whirlpools are now known as " piglets . " )
The whirlpool is caused by the enormous tides and bathymetry of the ocean floor in the area , and while it is one of the largest in the world with a diameter of around 250 feet , however the speed of its vortex does not come close to being one of the fastest .
The water turbulence , while rarely a danger to larger boats , can be dangerous to man powered craft and exhibits some strange water phenomena , such as standing waves , " boils , " " spouts , " " troughs , " " dishes , " and " holes . "
What is new in the new atheism , however , is not merely success in selling books , winning media coverage , and catching the eye of academia .
What has been dubbed “ the new atheism ” came into the cultural spotlight in 2006 .
In that year , a conference was held at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies in California called “ Beyond Belief : Science , Religion , Reason and Survival ” .
This conference , which attracted considerable media coverage , highlighted the views of atheists who contended that religion is not consistent with a scientific view of the world , including Richard Dawkins , Sam Harris , and the philosopher Daniel Dennett .
It was also in 2006 that several books were published attacking religion : Dawkins ’ The God Delusion , Harris ’ Letter to a Christian Nation , and Dennett ’s Breaking the Spell .
These were followed the following year by Christopher Hitchens ’ God is Not Great : How Religion Poisons Everything .
The mere publication by atheists of books against religion is not new ; what is new are the sales figures for such books .
They are selling millions of copies .
Dawkins is still # 24 on the New York Times paperback nonfiction bestseller list .
No atheists have ever before been able to win quite so much attention .
Along with the book sales , there have been numerous television programs , magazine articles , and newspaper columns .
Also to be noted on the bestseller list are rebuttals to the atheists , such as Timothy Keller ’s The Reason for God .
There have also been numerous conferences and academic discussions of the phenomenon of the new atheism .
What is new in the new atheism , however , is not merely success in selling books , winning media coverage , and catching the eye of academia .
First , the new atheism , in contrast to much of modern atheism , is militant ; that is , it takes the stand that faith in God is not only a mistaken worldview , but is oppressive and must be uprooted from human cultures .
Modern atheism is largely a European phenomenon .
Anti-religious sentiment that came to a head in the French Revolution found expression as philosophical atheism with Auguste Comte ( d. 1857 ) and Ludwig Feuerbach ( d. 1872 ) and became militant in the Communist movement .
The movement towards militancy is strikingly captured in the shift from the comment by Voltaire ( d. 1778 ) ( who was a Deist rather than an atheist ) , “ If God did not exist , it would have been necessary to create Him , ” to the words of the revolutionary anarchist Mikhail Bakunin ( d. 1876 ) : “ If God did exist , it would be necessary to destroy Him ! ”
The term “ militant atheism ” was introduced by Lenin in a speech of 1922 .
The new atheism is not politically leftist , but it takes up the urgency of Lenin ’s call to stand up against religion .
This brings us to the second major innovation of the new atheism : its opposition to Islam .
Atheism is a rejection of all religion , or at least of all theistic religion , and since Islam is usually considered a theistic religion , atheism is in principle opposed to it .
However , as a phenomenon with its roots in Europe , atheism has concentrated its opposition to religion on Christianity .
The new atheism , by contrast , emphasizes Islam as a particularly virulent form of religion that must be opposed .
Often , the new atheists claim that because of the events of 9/11 , they feel compelled to take a strong stand against religion in general and Islam in particular .
Because of this , atheists who focus primarily on Islam , such as Ayaan Hirsi Ali , may also be considered to be a part of , or at least allied with , the new atheism .
Most of the answers and rebuttals to the new atheism have been made by Christians , who are not so much concerned to defend any and every religion , but primarily Christianity .
Some take the position that the new atheists are only wrong to attack their religion , and attacks on other religions may not be off the mark .
Philosophically , the new atheists do not have anything new to offer .
The new atheists tend to show no interest in professional philosophy , religion , or theology and target the mass market .
The arguments against the existence of God are generally versions of scientism , the view that all of life ’s problems may be solved by appeal to the natural sciences , and the moral argument against religion , that religion brings out the worst in people .
Part of the discourse of the new atheism grows out of the debate between creationists and evolutionists , and it often seems to stay at the level of two competing fundamentalisms : belief in the literal truth of scripture on the one hand , and belief in the saving power of science on the other .
The scientism of the new atheists is coupled with their moral outrage at religious fanaticism , which is taken as normative for religious belief , and is said to be caused by not basing one ’s beliefs solely on evidence .
The positivistic strand of new atheist thought was thoroughly refuted in philosophical circles , because it was found that even the natural sciences rely upon assumptions that cannot be supported by scientific evidence .
Often the principle of positivism was turned against itself : there is no scientific evidence to support the principle that one should accept only those beliefs for which there is scientific evidence .
As for the moral outrage , many of the horrors of so - called religious conflicts have social and political causes rather than religious ones , and some of the worst offenses of the twentieth century by the likes of Stalin and Pol Pot were committed by avowed atheists .
As Muslims , we should try to defend our faith with candor , fairness , and reasonableness .
The new atheists seek to provoke anger from those they attack in order to substantiate their own claim that the religious are fanatics .
May Allah grant us the wisdom and strength of character to display the religion
He has given us as a guidance in its best light .
Hajj Muhammad Legenhausen teaches at the Imam Khomeini Education and Research Institute in Qom , Iran .
His blog can be accessed at http://peacethroughunderstanding.blogspot.com.
We 're introducing a new category dev-vcs keeping version control focused utilities today and will be moving packages ( like Subversion , Git and the like ) over step by step .
Moving packages involves quite a few steps and has high potential to break things so please give us some time to complete this .
If you happen to run into trouble due to the ongoing move please file a bug and make # 56967 depend on that one .
Thank you !
Amnesty International 's Updated Abortion Policy : FAQs
1 . Why is Amnesty International revisiting its position on abortion ?
We have updated our position to align with evolving international human rights law and standards , to make it as inclusive as possible , and to ensure it addresses the full range of barriers that impede access to safe abortion and the full range of human rights violations due to criminalization of abortion .
Our position on abortion is informed by years of research and consultations with women and girls whose lives have been shattered by restrictive laws ; as well as with medical providers , activists and legal experts .
“ These organizations do extraordinary work in the United States and abroad helping students , veterans and countless others in need , ” said President Obama .
“ I ’m proud to support their work . ”
Today , Obama 's White House announced what charities will get his 2009 prize money .
It 's an almost perfectly balanced list of PC beneficiaries .
Here they are :
Along with the 24 - karat gold - plated medal and the speech and the fancy dinner comes $ 1.4 million from the estate of Alfred Nobel , who invented dynamite , which is n't always a weapon of destruction .
( BTW , Obama 's award apparently drew more attention to the international prize .
The Nobel committee received 237 nominees for the 2010 award , a record .
The next winner will be announced Oct. 4 . )
You probably recall late last year on one of his autumn commutes to Scandinavia President Obama picked up the Nobel Peace Prize .
We wrote about that here and here and here .
His speech was well - received here .
Also some fallout over here .
... provides housing for families of patients receiving medical care at major military and VA medical centers .
$ 200,000 to the Clinton - Bush Haiti Fund :
In the wake of the devastating earthquake in Haiti , President Obama asked former Presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton to create the Clinton - Bush Haiti Fund to raise funds for long - term relief efforts in Haiti .
$ 125,000 to College Summit : College Summit is a national non-profit organization that partners with elementary and middle schools and school districts to strengthen college - going culture and increase college enrollment rates , so that all students graduate from high school career and college - ready .
$ 125,000 to the Posse Foundation : The Posse Foundation is a national non-profit organization that identifies public high school students with extraordinary academic and leadership potential who may be overlooked by traditional college selection processes .
Posse ’s college and university partners award Posse Scholars four - year , full - tuition leadership scholarships .
The scholars graduate at a rate of 90 percent .
$ 125,000 to the United Negro College Fund : The United Negro College Fund plays a critical role in enabling more than 60,000 students each year to attend college through scholarship and internship programs .
$ 125,000 to the Hispanic Scholarship Fund : The Hispanic Scholarship Fund ( HSF ) is the nation 's leading Hispanic scholarship organization , providing the Hispanic community more college scholarships and educational outreach support than any other organization in the country .
$ 125,000 to the Appalachian Leadership and Education Foundation : A non-profit organization funded by foundations and companies , ALEF supports and enables young men and women from Appalachia to pursue higher education though scholarship and leadership curriculum .
$ 125,000 to the American Indian College Fund : The American Indian College Fund transforms Indian higher education by funding and creating awareness of the unique , community - based accredited Tribal Colleges and Universities , offering students access to knowledge , skills , and cultural values which enhance their communities and the country as a whole .
The Fund disburses approximately 6,000 scholarships annually for American Indian students seeking to better their lives through higher education .
The Fund also provides support for tribal college needs , ranging from capital support to cultural preservation curricula .
$ 100,000 to AfriCare : AfriCare was founded in 1970 and has more projects in Africa than any other U.S. based charity , reaching communities in 25 countries , primarily in Sub-Saharan Africa .
Its programs address needs in three principal areas : health and HIV / AIDS ; food security and agriculture ; and water resource development .
$ 100,000 to the Central Asia Institute : The Central Asia Institute promotes and supports community - based education and literacy , especially for girls , in remote regions of Pakistan and Afghanistan .
The Institute ’s co-founder , Greg Mortenson , was also a Nobel Peace Prize nominee this year , whose book , Three Cups of Tea : One Man ’s Mission to Promote Peace , One School at a Time , recounts his attempt to successfully establish dozens of schools and promote girls ’ education in rural Afghanistan and Pakistan .
###
No cost whatsoever to click here for Twitter alerts of each new Ticket item all day every day .
Or follow us @latimestot .
You can also go to our Facebook FAN page here
Photo : Associated Press
WASHINGTON — Recognizing that high - speed Internet has joined telephone service and electricity as essential tools of modern life , the federal government will unveil an ambitious blueprint this week to extend broadband to virtually all Americans .
Crafted by the Federal Communications Commission over the past year , the national broadband plan is expected to set the federal government ’s high - tech agenda on a variety of fronts , with far - reaching implications for Silicon Valley .
At its core , the plan , which will be released Tuesday , will propose ways to close the long - standing digital divide by bringing broadband into 90 percent of American homes by 2020 .
For those with broadband already , the plan will target vastly increased speeds for wired and wireless service , fostering the already - booming market for Web - based video and other high - bandwidth applications .
FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski said the plan could spur advancements in telemedicine , education and energy efficiency through a Web - enabled smart grid .
“ World - class broadband , ” Genachowski said in a speech last month , “ is our generation ’s great infrastructure challenge . ”
The FCC says that about 93 million Americans , almost a third of the population , currently lack high - speed Internet at home — a huge untapped market for high - tech firms that advocates say a national broadband initiative could help them reach .
In the case of Google , for example , universal broadband would mean more Web ad clicks , smoother YouTube video quality , and easier collaboration on Google Docs and other sharing applications , an executive said .
“ The more people on the Internet , the better our business model works , ” said Vint Cerf , a founding father of the Internet who now serves as “ chief Internet evangelist ” for Google .
“ And high - speed creates a lot of opportunities for collaboration . ”
Cisco Systems , meanwhile , stands to sell more routing equipment to direct the Web traffic of millions more users .
But the importance of broadband extends far beyond any one company , said Jeffrey Campbell , Cisco ’s senior director of technology and trade policy .
“ This is highly relevant to the valley and the tech industry in general , ” Campbell said .
“ If the United States is going to continue leading the world in creating applications for the Internet , we need to make sure people have access and we need world - class speeds . ”
The country is lagging on both fronts now .
Studies show the United States trailing a dozen or more countries in the proportion of people who have broadband and in the speed of service .
While some critics question the criteria for those rankings , “ few would suggest we are leading the world in broadband , or are even as close as we should be , ” Genachowski said .
The plan will focus simultaneously on expanding access and increasing speeds .
According to several recent surveys , about one - third of households lack broadband connections at home , and they are concentrated in low - income and rural communities .
All but about 4 percent of households have access to at least one broadband service .
The most oft - cited reasons cited for not signing up are that people do n’t see the need or ca n’t afford the typical $ 40 to $ 45 a month fee .
FCC officials in recent weeks have floated a number of ideas to close the access gap that are expected to be included in the plan :
Redirecting a roughly $ 8 billion - a- year government program that subsidizes telephone service for rural and low - income communities toward expanding high - speed Internet in underserved areas .
Setting aside a slice of the radio spectrum for free or low - cost wireless service .
ANN : vector 0.5
Hi everyone , I am pleased to announce the release of version 0.5 of package vector , a high - performance Haskell array library with a powerful loop fusion framework .
The main highlights compared to previous versions are : * DPH - style unboxed vectors ( in Data. Vector .
Unboxed ) which use associated types to select the appropriate unboxed representation depending on the type of the elements .
*
A redesigned interface between mutable and immutable vectors .
In particular , the popular unsafeFreeze primitive is now supported for all vector types .
*
Many new operations on both immutable and mutable vectors .
* Significant performance improvements .
The library comes with a fairly complete testsuite ( mainly thanks to Max Bolingbroke ) and is quite stable by now .
Barring various disasters , I expect to release version 1.0 in the next 3 to 4 months .
The release is accompanied by a new version of the NoSlow array benchmark suite .
A few quite meaningless preliminary benchmarks are available at : http://unlines.wordpress.com/2010/02/15/vector-0-5-is-here-2
Both vector and NoSlow are on Hackage .
Hackers can get the darcs repos from http://code.haskell.org/vector and http://code.haskell.org/NoSlow Enjoy !
Roman
“ He looked utterly surprised , like we were , ” said Tyler Morse , a junior on the team who saw Mr. Scott escorted off the bus by the university ’s head of public safety , into the car of F.B.I. agents .
On Monday , he was still wearing a blue hoodie when he was led handcuffed into United States District Court in Newark for a bail hearing .
He was charged with one count of knowingly stealing an object of cultural heritage from a museum .
He faces as much as 10 years in prison , if convicted .
Looking down as he was brought into the courtroom of Magistrate Madeline Cox Arleo , he twice replied , “ Yes , ma’am , ” when asked if he understood his rights and if he had retained a lawyer .
The judge authorized an unsecured $ 50,000 bond , on the condition that he surrender his passport and agree to be supervised by pretrial services while remaining in the custody of his parents , who live in Longmeadow , Mass .
Drew University officials and students were shocked to learn that one of their own might be behind the loss of some of the university ’s most prized possessions .
Founded as a Methodist seminary in 1867 , Drew has many important papers that shed light on the origins of the Methodist church and the Wesley brothers , who helped found it .
It is also an official repository for the United Methodist Church itself .
According to federal prosecutors , Mr. Scott got a job in the archives in late October and was given a key to a storage room containing many documents considered too rare to share openly .
Typical letters from John and Charles Wesley , for instance , can fetch $ 5,000 to $ 12,000 apiece on the market , according to the complaint .
( AP ) --
When snow falls on this downtown of brick buildings and glass storefronts in southern Oregon , it piles up everywhere but the sidewalks .
It 's the first sign that this timber and ranching town is like few others .
A combination of hot rocks and water like those that created Yellowstone 's geysers have been tapped by the city to keep the sidewalks toasty since the early 1990s .
They also heat downtown buildings , kettles at a brewhouse , and greenhouses and keep the lights on at a college campus .
Geothermal wells in this town of 20,000 mark one of the nation 's most ambitious uses of a green energy resource with a tiny carbon footprint , and could serve as a model for a still - fledgling industry that is gaining steam with $ 338 million in stimulus funds and more than 100 projects nationwide .
" We did n't know it was green .
It just made sense , " said City Manager Jeff Ball .
Geothermal energy is unknown in much of the country but accounts for 0.5 percent of the nation 's energy production .
It can be seen on a snowy day in a handful of Western towns like Klamath Falls .
That 's because hot rock is closer to the surface here , and comes with the water needed to bring the energy to the surface .
Northern California is home to the world 's largest geothermal power complex .
The Geysers , 75 miles north of San Francisco , produces enough electricity for 750,000 homes .
With more than 600 geothermal wells heating houses , schools and a hospital as well as turning the turbine on a small power plant , Klamath Falls shows what everyday life could be if stimulus grants and venture capitalists turn geothermal energy from a Western curiosity to a game - changing energy resource .
Until now , geothermal energy has been limited by having to find the three essentials ingredients occurring together in one place naturally : hot rock relatively close to the surface , water , and cracks in the rock that serve as a reservoir .
Those limitations go away if engineers can tame a technology known as EGS , for Enhanced Geothermal Systems .
A 2007 Massachusetts Institute of Technology report estimates that EGS , with support , could be producing 100 gigawatts of electricity - equivalent to 1,000 coal - fired or nuclear power plants - by 2050 , and has the potential to generate a large fraction of the nation 's energy needs for centuries to come .
" If we are going to try to achieve a transformational change in this country , geothermal should be part of that recipe , " said Jefferson Tester , chairman of the committee that produced the report and professor of sustainable energy at Cornell University .
" It 's not treated that way .
It 's typically forgotten . "
One form of EGS involves drilling thousands of feet down to reach hot rock , pumping water down to fracture the rock to create reservoirs , then sending down water that will come back up another well as hot water or steam that can spin a turbine to generate electricity .
The system can be dropped in practically anywhere that hot rocks are close enough to the surface to make drilling economical .
The major problem with EGS is the potential to create earthquakes .
Pumping water into the ground to open numerous tiny fractures in the rock for a reservoir makes the earth move - what scientists call induced seismicity .
Earthquakes stopped an EGS project in the middle of Basel , Switzerland , last year , and an international protocol has been developed for monitoring and mitigating earthquake problems .
As long as the wells are not close to major earthquake faults , " it is not damaging , but very upsetting to the community that lives literally on top of it , " said Ernie Majer , a seismologist at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in California , and lead author on the protocol .
Federal funding for geothermal started during the 1970s Arab oil embargo , waned when oil prices subsided , and essentially stopped when Texas oilman George W. Bush entered the White House , Majer said .
With interest growing in energy with a tiny carbon footprint , the Obama administration revived support for geothermal energy .
Besides handing out more than $ 40 million a year from the Department of Energy , it is funding 123 demonstration projects in 38 states with stimulus funds .
Projects include home heat pumps , power plants , drilling , rock fracturing , exploration and underground mapping .
" The goal of the department is to try to validate that a source of energy could be produced at an adequate price , " said Jacques Beaudry - Losique , deputy assistant secretary for renewable energy .
He expects results in two to three years .
The centerpiece is $ 25 million to AltaRock Energy , Inc. , of Seattle and Sausalito , Calif. , to demonstrate EGS can produce electricity economically and without producing earthquakes just outside the Newberry Craters National Monument in central Oregon .
Investors ,
Google among them , put in $ 60 million .
Earthquake concerns were mounting around AltaRock 's EGS work at The Geysers when they shut it down over drilling problems , before getting to the point of trying to fracture rocks , AltaRock CEO Don O'Shei said .
They are developing a system to monitor quakes at Newberry .
" If EGS becomes economical , it will really be a game - changer , " O'Shei said .
" Even though it is relatively high risk in terms of the money to develop that kind of technology under the ground ( $ 6 million to $ 20 million for a well that could prove worthless ) , it is very important . "
People in Klamath Falls do n't have to be convinced .
IFA Nurseries , Inc. , would n't have come to Klamath Falls if there was n't geothermal energy .
The geothermal heat cut greenhouse heating costs by a third compared to natural gas , said Jacqueline Friedman , nursery manager for IFA Nurseries .
The city is stepping beyond heat to electricity , building a geothermal generator like the one at Oregon Institute of Technology with the help of an $ 816,000 stimulus grant .
Stepping gingerly from the icy street to the dry sidewalk on his way to a bakery for a cinnamon roll , Klamath County Museum Manager said visitors are often curious about the geothermal energy in town , which also heats the museum .
" I 've always said the city should adopt a slogan , ` City of Warm Sidewalks , ' " he joked .
" But I 've been told we 'll get every hobo in America who will be drifting into town . "
Explore further Research provides model for improving alternative energy source
©2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The most significant feature added to Perl 5 ( released on 17 October 1994 ) is the module system .
No longer did Perl programmers have to manage a series of .pl files mishmashed together into a library system .
That change — organizing code into reusable , composable libraries — enabled the growth of the CPAN and almost every good thing which has contributed to the Perl Renaissance .
If you look in the source tree for Perl 5.10.1 ( the latest stable release of Perl 5 ) you 'll see a slew of long - forgotten .pl files which shipped with Perl 4 .
They 've been in the core for the past fifteen and a half years , lingering mostly untouched , long superseded by other core libraries and much better distributions on the CPAN .
Given that the Perl testing revolution did n't begin until late 2001 , how do you know the old code works ?
" I do n't have to modify it ! " is n't a satisfying answer .
No one wants to modify it , as shown by the fact that no one has modified it in years .
This code likely wo n't be in Perl 5.14 ( I originally wrote 5.12 , but that was obviously false , as Jesse Vincent mentioned ) .
It has a new life on the CPAN as Perl4 : : CoreLibs , where it can grow or fester , where people can maintain it if they want or ignore it if they do n't .
( You can predict my prediction . )
Perl 5.12 includes other deprecations , including some core modules spun out to the CPAN where their maintenance burden will no longer affect the core .
In Perl 5.12 , using them within the core gives deprecation warnings .
Installing them from the CPAN does not produce those warnings .
( Naturally this has been the point of some contention , though I suspect that anyone who 's been writing Perl since at least 1994 knows at least one text processing language to use to update code for the latest version of Perl 5 . )
If you need these deprecated modules , install Task : : Deprecations : :5_12 from the CPAN .
( The indexer will catch up with the upload soon ; it 's not there at the time of writing . )
If you distribute Perl 5 , consider whether you want to bundle this module with your installation , or whether your support system should notify your users about this distribution .
If you 're upset about this change , if you make heavy use of this code , consider volunteering to support it on the CPAN .
Meanwhile , the core gets a little slimmer , a little less crufty , and a little bit easier to maintain .
I forgive you for thinking that this helps to contribute to Perl 5.12 coming out less than a year after Perl 5.10.1 , because I agree .
Cookie Notice
As far as I know , and as far as I remember , nothing in this page does anything with Cookies .
Mr Obama wants to provide health insurance to those who do not have it President Barack Obama has stepped up his efforts to gain support for his embattled healthcare reform plans by giving an interview to US Fox News .
The broadcaster has been criticised by the White House for its perceived right - wing bias .
Facing tough questioning , Mr Obama voiced confidence that the reform bill would finally be passed by Congress .
Mr Obama has received a boost from Congressman Dennis Kucinich , who says he will now support the legislation .
Several Catholic religious orders said they were now satisfied the legislation would not allow public money to be used for abortions and so voiced their backing .
With just days to go before this protracted battle over healthcare reaches its climax in Congress , and with the outcome still too close to call , President Obama is campaigning hard , the BBC's Paul Adams in Washington says .
Catholic backing
He has been on the road , with his shirtsleeves rolled up , making passionate speeches , and now he has taken the offensive to Fox News , regarded by this White House as fundamentally opposed to " the president and all his works " , our correspondent says .
MARDELL'S AMERICA
Win or lose this weekend , healthcare will continue to haunt him and define the fault lines in American politics
Mark Mardell
BBC North America editor
Read Mark 's thoughts in full
The interview , with combative presenter Bret Baier , was largely unproductive .
The president wanted to extol the virtues of the reform bill , while Mr Baier wanted to grill him about some of the complex - and controversial - congressional procedures being explored by the Democrats as they try to get the bill passed .
President Obama chided the interviewer , Bret Baier , for interrupting his answers .
" Bret , you 've got to let me finish my answers , " he said .
" Sir , I know you do n't like to filibuster , but ...
" Mr Baier said .
" Well , I 'm trying to answer your question and you keep on interrupting , " the president replied .
Mr Obama did receive some good news on Wednesday , our correspondent says .
One of the bill 's fierce Democratic critics , Mr Kucinich , who had previously voted against the legislation , announced that he intended to support it .
" I know I have to make a decision , not on the bill as I would like to see it but as it is , " he said .
" You do have to be very careful that the potential of President Obama 's presidency not be destroyed by this debate .
Even though I have many differences with him on policy , there 's something much bigger at stake here for America . "
And a number of Catholic religious orders , representing 59,000 nuns , said they were now satisfied the bill does not allow taxpayer dollars to be used to fund abortions .
This could help to win over a handful of Conservative Democrats , our correspondent adds .
Republicans are opposed to the proposed reforms , arguing that they will give the government too much control over healthcare and be mainly paid for by higher taxes and cuts in Medicare , the government - run health scheme for Americans aged 65 or over .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Study of Vets Finds Ecstasy an Effective Treatment For PTSD
A combination of the party drug and talking with therapists allowed a majority of war vets to overcome their PTSD to a great extent
Sid Meier knows how gamers think .
He has been making hit games such as Civilization for decades .
Today at the Game Developers Conference , he shared his insights on gamer psychology and how he has had to change his assumptions about how players behave .
More often than not , he said , players just do n’t act logically .
Early on , Meier learned that players are egomaniacs .
If you want to create a civilization that rules the world , you ’re by definition an egomaniac .
That has a lot of implications , such as how you have to always tilt the odds in favor of the player winning , regardless of the true mathematical odds for things such as battles .
If you do n’t do this , players will perceive your game as too difficult and will drop it .
“ Game play is a psychological experience , ” Meier said .
“ It ’s all in your head .
I thought the more realistic you made a game , the more historically accurate , [ the more ] the player would appreciate it .
In reality , I was wrong .
You have to take into account what actually happens in a player ’s head .
I never get letters from players who say , I won too much in your game . ”
This year , Meier is applying those lessons to his newest games .
His Firaxis Games is expected to release two big games through Take - Two Interactive : Civilization V , and Civilization Network for Facebook .
In addition to Civilization , Meier has made hit games such as Railroad Tycoon , Pirates ! , Gettysburg , and a host of others .
Most of his games have been hits , but he freely talked about games that were disappointing , such as the much - hyped Dinosaurs game that he never shipped because it never came together .
So his voice carries a lot of weight for the thousands of game developers at the GDC conference .
One example he gives of the “ realism problem ” is flight simulators .
At first , they were simple and fun .
But as they became more realistic , the controls became more complex .
Fewer and fewer people could master them .
And ultimately , the games became so inaccessible that the genre died out .
There are lots of examples of options you can give gamers that can actually diminish the player ’s enjoyment of a game , Meier said .
For instance , if you let the player constantly save a game , then they can save the game just before a battle begins and then , if they do n’t like the result of the battle , they can reload the saved game and refight it .
They can keep doing this load / save pattern until they win .
But Meier said that this will steer players away from the way the game is supposed to be played .
Meier believes that players should n’t be encouraged to cheat in a game .
They can , on the other hand , be encouraged to modify , or “ mod ” , a game to their own personal tastes .
User - generated content , he said , is a great way to let players stay engaged in a game .
Meier said that the first 15 minutes of a game are key .
Players have a need for instant gratification .
If you do n’t hook them at the start , they will drop it quickly .
Game designers should never waste a player ’s time by sending them down the wrong road or giving them too many options that distract them from the main object of a game .
He said that games should have moral clarity .
If you ’re playing an empire game , the player should have no qualms about crushing a rival .
If you make the rival into a mean ruler , then there ’s no moral dilemma .
But if the rival is pleading and the action is morally confused , the player wo n’t be as satisfied .
The style and content of a game should be consistent .
You do n’t mix exploding heads with cartoons .
And you should n’t assume that players will be magnanimous ; in one test of the Civilization Network online game , Meier said that players should be able to give each other gold .
The problem was that no one was ever properly motivated to give away money , and so they did n’t do it .
To make games on a budget , Meier said that you can save money on things such as high - end graphics by tapping the player ’s imagination .
You can also tap into what the players already know .
If you are presenting a villain in a pirate game , give the villain the look of a pirate that the player has seen in movies , such as a character with a black curly mustache .
The player will immediately know it ’s a villain .
One of the biggest skills that game developers can foster is listening to what players are really saying .
This means you do n’t have to take their suggestions literally , but interpret them so that you know what they really want .
“ A game is really an epic journey , ” Meier said .
“ Learning and progress are keys to this .
You should always know how far you have to go . ”
[ photos by JP Manninen ] .
The World Wide Web offers immense opportunities to make money online .
Billions of people use online platforms to shop , chat , and trade , and businesses like Radiator Outlet and also Construction by ASI are trying to take advantage of this .
However , online marketing has become highly competitive .
You need to try something new to get noticed by your targets .
Ideally , you need an exclusive web design for your venture .
This is where a design agency like detail agency comes into the picture that can help you take your next venture to the next level .
Importance of hiring a web design agency
Some marketers never give thought to a design agency .
They try to craft their site in a do it yourself manner .
However , designing a site matching your specifics is n’t as easy as it appears .
A lot of legwork goes into brainstorming the right designs , forget about the actual design .
Donald Newman runs the marketing for this hypnotherapy manchester business and this waterfall taps store and notes “ As a layman , you may not have those skills .
The lack of skills may keep you from crafting the desired design .
If you fail to have an ideal design , you ’ll fail miserably online .
Even if you manage to make an appealing design , you ’ll expend too much time . ”
Neil Evers runs the marketing for this borehole drilling company and for True Medspa Center and notes “ Are you willing to waste time on designing your site ?
Of course , no !
Today , time is extremely important .
No smart businessman would ever think of losing time .
Outsourcing the task to a professional web design agency frees up time for you .
You may use your time for other core activities of your venture . ”
Jill Steinly runs the marketing for a reclaimed fireplaces business and this movers naperville company and notes “ Not just that , a credible agency will see to it that your website is optimized for users and search engines .
By doing so , the agency will assure that your site wo n’t get lost in cyberspace .
Rather , it ’ll come up on top of search results and get visits by prospects . ”
Some marketers think that hiring a web design agency might be extremely costly .
However , many design agencies tender their expertise at a modest charge .
Plus , if you examine the perks you gain , you ’ll understand that their charges are worth every penny you expend .
Due to these reasons , hiring a design company is always advisable .
Richard Stallman 's personal site .
For current political commentary , see the daily political notes .
RMS ' Bio |
The GNU Project
Extreme Pornography Law in the UK
2010-02-19
Andrew Holland was prosecuted in the UK for possessing " extreme pornography " , a term which appears to mean porn that judges and prosecutors consider shocking .
He had received a video showing a tiger having sex with a woman , or at least apparently so .
He was found innocent because the video he received was a joke .
I am glad he was not punished , but this law is nonetheless a threat to other people .
If Mr Holland had had a serious video depicting a tiger having sex with a woman , he still would not deserve to go to prison .
After reading about that case , I was curious about which kinds of pornography the state is prepared to imprison people for .
Here 's what the statue says to define " extreme pornography " :
The elements of the offence ( Section 63 subsections ( 2 ) to ( 8 ) )
There are three elements to the offence .
An image must come within the terms of all three elements before it will fall foul of the offence .
Those elements are :
That the image is pornographic ;
That the image is grossly offensive , disgusting , or otherwise of an obscene character , and That the image portrays in an explicit and realistic way , one of the following extreme acts :
An act which threatens a personâ ??s life ;
An act which results in or is likely to result in serious injury to a person 's anus , breast or genitals ;
An act involving sexual interference with a human corpse , A person performing an act of intercourse or oral sex with an animal ( whether dead or alive ) , and a reasonable person looking at the image would think that the people and animals portrayed were real .
This law is not only unjust , it 's spectacularly irrational .
The concept of " sexual interference with a human corpse " is curious .
All a corpse can do on its own is decay , so the only possible " interference " is to prevent its decay .
Thus , " sexual interference " rationally would mean some sexual activity while injecting embalming fluid , or while putting the corpse into a refrigerator .
However , I doubt that the censors interpret this term rationally .
They will have cooked up an excuse for some twisted interpretation that enables them to punish more people .
This censorship cannot be justified by protecting corpses from suffering .
Whatever you do to a corpse , it can't suffer , not even emotionally .
Then there is the prohibition of realistically depicting sex with an animal .
The law does not care whether the animal wanted sex .
I 've read that male dolphins try to have sex with humans , and female apes solicit sex from humans .
What is wrong with giving them what they want , if that 's what turns you on , or even just to gratify them ?
But this law is not concerned with protecting animals , since it does not care whether the animal really had sex , or really existed at all .
It only panders to the prejudice of censors .
A parrot once had sex with me .
I did not recognize the act as sex until it was explained to me afterward , but being stroked on the hand by his soft belly feathers was so pleasurable that I yearn for another chance .
I have a photo of that act ; should I go to prison for it ?
Perhaps I am spared because this photo is n't " disgusting " , but " disgusting " is a subjective matter ; we must not imprison people merely because someone feels disgusted .
I find the sight of wounds disgusting ; fortunately surgeons do not .
Maybe there is someone who considers it disgusting for a parrot to have sex with a human .
Or for a dolphin or tiger to have sex with a human .
So what ?
Others feel that all sex is disgusting .
There are prejudiced people that want to ban all depiction of sex , and force all women to cover their faces .
This law and the laws they want are the same in spirit .
Threatening people with death or injury is a very bad thing , but violence is no less bad for being nonsexual .
Is it worse to shoot someone while stroking that person 's genitals than to shoot someone from a few feet away ?
If I were going to be the victim , and I were invited to choose one or the other , I would choose whichever one gave me the best chance to escape .
Images of violence can be painful to see , but they are no better for being nonsexual .
I saw images of gruesome bodily harm in the movie Pulp Fiction .
I do not want to see anything like that again , sex or no sex .
That is no reason to censor these works , and would still not be a reason even if most people reacted to them as I do .
Since the law does n't care whether a real human was really threatened with harm , it is not really concerned about our safety from violence , any more than it is concerned with avoiding suffering for corpses or animals .
It is only prejudice , taking a form that can ruin people 's lives .
Copyright ( c ) 2010 , 2013 Richard Stallman Verbatim copying and redistribution of this entire page are permitted provided this notice is preserved .
The Obama administration on Friday will announce broad new initiatives to help troubled homeowners , potentially refinancing several million of them into fresh government - backed mortgages with lower payments .
Another element of the new program is meant to temporarily reduce the payments of borrowers who are unemployed and seeking a job .
Additionally , the government will encourage lenders to write down the value of loans held by borrowers in modification programs .
The escalation in aid comes as the administration is under rising pressure from Congress to resolve the foreclosure crisis , which is straining the economy and putting millions of Americans at risk of losing their homes .
But the new initiatives could well spur protests among those who have kept up their payments and are not in trouble .
The administration ’s earlier efforts to stem foreclosures have largely been directed at borrowers who were experiencing financial hardship .
But the biggest new initiative , which is also likely to be the most controversial , will involve the government , through the Federal Housing Administration , refinancing loans for borrowers who simply owe more than their houses are worth .
As the investigation regarding the sexual assault allegations against Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger continues , KDKA - TV in Pittsburgh reports that Roethlisberger has conceded having “ sexual contact ” with the woman who claims sexual assault , but that there was no intercourse .
The admission apparently came during an interview of Roethlisberger conducted at the scene .
Per the report , Roethlisberger claims that the woman fell and injured her head after the incident .
She then went to a hospital and alleged that she was sexually assaulted .
Police have requested a DNA sample from Roethlisberger , but attorney Ed Garland has not yet agreed either to make a DNA sample available or to make Roethlisberger available for another interview .
( Thanks for the head ’s up , Robert Littal of BlackSportsOnline.com . )
Posted on by storagedepotuk
The QNAP has huge range of NAS drives which are mainly designed for Home and small enterprise users .
It offers more advanced data protection .
QNAP offers the extensive lineup of NAS server .
These are available in 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 , 6 and 8 - bay tower & rack mount configurations to fit consumer ’s needs , including small / medium business , workgroups , and entry - level enterprise networks .
These NAS Drives are suitable for home network backups and centralized data management .
Most QNAP NAS servers feature hot - swap removable cartridge drives with 2.5 - inch and 3.5 - inch drive support , and offer unique features .
The TS - 239 and the 4 bay NAS ’s have dual gigabit sockets , so if you have 2 adsl lines with two routers in the house .
You can assign 2 IP addresses and use the NAS to backup both networks .
The QNAP Systems has now expanded its Business Series Turbo NAS line - up with the addition of a new 5 - drive desktop model TS - 559 Pro , which provides up to 10 TB of storage and has been certified as compatible with VMware ’s vSphere 4 ( ESX 4.0 ) virtualisation platform .
Two new features are more redesigned one is user interface and another functionality for improved file sharing and management .
WebDAV provides users to collectively share , access , and edit files over HTTPs .
Thus QNAP NAS Derives offers a better throughput , useful features , and an excellent web interface .
Together with supporting feature of hot - swappable RAID configurations , Apple ’s Time Machine , and IP cameras for an automatic surveillance system .
If you want to get more information about this , so please visit :
http://www.storagedepot.co.uk/
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Computer Products , QNAP NAS Derives , Storage Depot | Tagged : NAS Derives , QNAP NAS Derives |
On the evening of June 20th , several hundred physicists , including a Nobel laureate , assembled in an auditorium at the Friendship Hotel in Beijing for a lecture by the Chinese mathematician Shing - Tung Yau .
In the late nineteen - seventies , when Yau was in his twenties , he had made a series of breakthroughs that helped launch the string - theory revolution in physics and earned him , in addition to a Fields Medal — the most coveted award in mathematics — a reputation in both disciplines as a thinker of unrivalled technical power .
Grigory Perelman ( right ) says , " If the proof is correct , then no other recognition is needed . "
Shing - Tung
Yau is n’t so sure .
Pierre Le- Tan
Yau had since become a professor of mathematics at Harvard and the director of mathematics institutes in Beijing and Hong Kong , dividing his time between the United States and China .
His lecture at the Friendship Hotel was part of an international conference on string theory , which he had organized with the support of the Chinese government , in part to promote the country ’s recent advances in theoretical physics .
( More than six thousand students attended the keynote address , which was delivered by Yau ’s close friend Stephen Hawking , in the Great Hall of the People . )
The subject of Yau ’s talk was something that few in his audience knew much about : the Poincaré conjecture , a century - old conundrum about the characteristics of three - dimensional spheres , which , because it has important implications for mathematics and cosmology and because it has eluded all attempts at solution , is regarded by mathematicians as a holy grail .
Yau , a stocky man of fifty - seven , stood at a lectern in shirtsleeves and black - rimmed glasses and , with his hands in his pockets , described how two of his students , Xi-Ping Zhu and Huai - Dong Cao , had completed a proof of the Poincaré conjecture a few weeks earlier .
“ I ’m very positive about Zhu and Cao ’s work , ” Yau said .
“ Chinese mathematicians should have every reason to be proud of such a big success in completely solving the puzzle . ”
He said that Zhu and Cao were indebted to his longtime American collaborator Richard Hamilton , who deserved most of the credit for solving the Poincaré .
He also mentioned Grigory Perelman , a Russian mathematician who , he acknowledged , had made an important contribution .
Nevertheless ,
Yau said , “ in Perelman ’s work , spectacular as it is , many key ideas of the proofs are sketched or outlined , and complete details are often missing . ”
He added , “ We would like to get Perelman to make comments .
But Perelman resides in St. Petersburg and refuses to communicate with other people . ”
For ninety minutes ,
Yau discussed some of the technical details of his students ’ proof .
When he was finished , no one asked any questions .
That night , however , a Brazilian physicist posted a report of the lecture on his blog .
“ Looks like China soon will take the lead also in mathematics , ” he wrote .
Grigory Perelman is indeed reclusive .
He left his job as a researcher at the Steklov Institute of Mathematics , in St. Petersburg , last December ; he has few friends ; and he lives with his mother in an apartment on the outskirts of the city .
Although he had never granted an interview before , he was cordial and frank when we visited him , in late June , shortly after Yau ’s conference in Beijing , taking us on a long walking tour of the city .
“ I ’m looking for some friends , and they do n’t have to be mathematicians , ” he said .
The week before the conference , Perelman had spent hours discussing the Poincaré conjecture with Sir John M. Ball , the fifty - eight - year - old president of the International Mathematical Union , the discipline ’s influential professional association .
The meeting , which took place at a conference center in a stately mansion overlooking the Neva River , was highly unusual .
At the end of May , a committee of nine prominent mathematicians had voted to award Perelman a Fields Medal for his work on the Poincaré , and Ball had gone to St. Petersburg to persuade him to accept the prize in a public ceremony at the I.M.U. ’s quadrennial congress , in Madrid , on August 22nd .
The Fields Medal , like the Nobel Prize , grew , in part , out of a desire to elevate science above national animosities .
German mathematicians were excluded from the first I.M.U. congress , in 1924 , and , though the ban was lifted before the next one , the trauma it caused led , in 1936 , to the establishment of the Fields , a prize intended to be “ as purely international and impersonal as possible . ”
However , the Fields Medal , which is awarded every four years , to between two and four mathematicians , is supposed not only to reward past achievements but also to stimulate future research ; for this reason , it is given only to mathematicians aged forty and younger .
In recent decades , as the number of professional mathematicians has grown , the Fields Medal has become increasingly prestigious .
Only forty - four medals have been awarded in nearly seventy years — including three for work closely related to the Poincaré conjecture — and no mathematician has ever refused the prize .
Nevertheless , Perelman told Ball that he had no intention of accepting it .
“ I refuse , ” he said simply .
Over a period of eight months , beginning in November , 2002 , Perelman posted a proof of the Poincaré on the Internet in three installments .
Like a sonnet or an aria , a mathematical proof has a distinct form and set of conventions .
It begins with axioms , or accepted truths , and employs a series of logical statements to arrive at a conclusion .
If the logic is deemed to be watertight , then the result is a theorem .
Unlike proof in law or science , which is based on evidence and therefore subject to qualification and revision , a proof of a theorem is definitive .
Judgments about the accuracy of a proof are mediated by peer - reviewed journals ; to insure fairness , reviewers are supposed to be carefully chosen by journal editors , and the identity of a scholar whose pa-per is under consideration is kept secret .
Publication implies that a proof is complete , correct , and original .
By these standards , Perelman ’s proof was unorthodox .
It was astonishingly brief for such an ambitious piece of work ; logic sequences that could have been elaborated over many pages were often severely compressed .
Moreover , the proof made no direct mention of the Poincaré and included many elegant results that were irrelevant to the central argument .
But , four years later , at least two teams of experts had vetted the proof and had found no significant gaps or errors in it .
A consensus was emerging in the math community : Perelman had solved the Poincaré .
Even so , the proof ’s complexity — and Perelman ’s use of shorthand in making some of his most important claims — made it vulnerable to challenge .
Few mathematicians had the expertise necessary to evaluate and defend it .
After giving a series of lectures on the proof in the United States in 2003 , Perelman returned to St. Petersburg .
Since then , although he had continued to answer queries about it by e-mail , he had had minimal contact with colleagues and , for reasons no one understood , had not tried to publish it .
Still , there was little doubt that Perelman , who turned forty on June 13th , deserved a Fields Medal .
As Ball planned the I.M.U. ’s 2006 congress , he began to conceive of it as a historic event .
More than three thousand mathematicians would be attending , and King Juan Carlos of Spain had agreed to preside over the awards ceremony .
The I.M.U. ’s newsletter predicted that the congress would be remembered as “ the occasion when this conjecture became a theorem . ”
Ball , determined to make sure that Perelman would be there , decided to go to St. Petersburg .
Ball wanted to keep his visit a secret — the names of Fields Medal recipients are announced officially at the awards ceremony — and the conference center where he met with Perelman was deserted .
For ten hours over two days , he tried to persuade Perelman to agree to accept the prize .
Perelman , a slender , balding man with a curly beard , bushy eyebrows , and blue - green eyes , listened politely .
He had not spoken English for three years , but he fluently parried Ball ’s entreaties , at one point taking Ball on a long walk — one of Perelman ’s favorite activities .
As he summed up the conversation two weeks later : “ He proposed to me three alternatives : accept and come ; accept and do n’t come , and we will send you the medal later ; third , I do n’t accept the prize .
From the very beginning , I told him I have chosen the third one . ”
The Fields Medal held no interest for him , Perelman explained .
“ It was completely irrelevant for me , ” he said .
“ Everybody understood that if the proof is correct then no other recognition is needed . ”
Proofs of the Poincaré have been announced nearly every year since the conjecture was formulated , by Henri Poincaré , more than a hundred years ago .
Poincaré was a cousin of Raymond Poincaré , the President of France during the First World War , and one of the most creative mathematicians of the nineteenth century .
Slight , myopic , and notoriously absent - minded , he conceived his famous problem in 1904 , eight years before he died , and tucked it as an offhand question into the end of a sixty - five - page paper .
Poincaré did n’t make much progress on proving the conjecture .
“ Cette question nous entraînerait trop loin ” ( “ This question would take us too far ” ) , he wrote .
He was a founder of topology , also known as “ rubber - sheet geometry , ” for its focus on the intrinsic properties of spaces .
From a topologist ’s perspective , there is no difference between a bagel and a coffee cup with a handle .
Each has a single hole and can be manipulated to resemble the other without being torn or cut .
Poincaré used the term “ manifold ” to describe such an abstract topological space .
The simplest possible two - dimensional manifold is the surface of a soccer ball , which , to a topologist , is a sphere — even when it is stomped on , stretched , or crumpled .
The proof that an object is a so - called two - sphere , since it can take on any number of shapes , is that it is “ simply connected , ” meaning that no holes puncture it .
Unlike a soccer ball , a bagel is not a true sphere .
If you tie a slipknot around a soccer ball , you can easily pull the slipknot closed by sliding it along the surface of the ball .
But if you tie a slipknot around a bagel through the hole in its middle you cannot pull the slipknot closed without tearing the bagel .
Two - dimensional manifolds were well understood by the mid-nineteenth century .
But it remained unclear whether what was true for two dimensions was also true for three .
Poincaré proposed that all closed , simply connected , three - dimensional manifolds — those which lack holes and are of finite extent — were spheres .
The conjecture was potentially important for scientists studying the largest known three - dimensional manifold : the universe .
Proving it mathematically , however , was far from easy .
Most attempts were merely embarrassing , but some led to important mathematical discoveries , including proofs of Dehn ’s Lemma , the Sphere Theorem , and the Loop Theorem , which are now fundamental concepts in topology .
By the nineteen - sixties , topology had become one of the most productive areas of mathematics , and young topologists were launching regular attacks on the Poincaré .
To the astonishment of most mathematicians , it turned out that manifolds of the fourth , fifth , and higher dimensions were more tractable than those of the third dimension .
By 1982 , Poincaré ’s conjecture had been proved in all dimensions except the third .
In 2000 , the Clay Mathematics Institute , a private foundation that promotes mathematical research , named the Poincaré one of the seven most important outstanding problems in mathematics and offered a million dollars to anyone who could prove it .
“ My whole life as a mathematician has been dominated by the Poincaré conjecture , ” John Morgan , the head of the mathematics department at Columbia University , said .
“ I never thought I ’d see a solution .
I thought nobody could touch it . ”
Grigory Perelman did not plan to become a mathematician .
“ There was never a decision point , ” he said when we met .
We were outside the apartment building where he lives , in Kupchino , a neighborhood of drab high - rises .
Perelman ’s father , who was an electrical engineer , encouraged his interest in math .
“ He gave me logical and other math problems to think about , ” Perelman said .
“ He got a lot of books for me to read .
He taught me how to play chess .
He was proud of me . ”
Among the books his father gave him was a copy of “ Physics for Entertainment , ” which had been a best - seller in the Soviet Union in the nineteen - thirties .
In the foreword , the book ’s author describes the contents as “ conundrums , brain - teasers , entertaining anecdotes , and unexpected comparisons , ” adding , “ I have quoted extensively from Jules Verne , H. G. Wells , Mark Twain and other writers , because , besides providing entertainment , the fantastic experiments these writers describe may well serve as instructive illustrations at physics classes . ”
The book ’s topics included how to jump from a moving car , and why , “ according to the law of buoyancy , we would never drown in the Dead Sea . ”
The notion that Russian society considered worthwhile what Perelman did for pleasure came as a surprise .
By the time he was fourteen , he was the star performer of a local math club .
In 1982 , the year that Shing - Tung Yau won a Fields Medal , Perelman earned a perfect score and the gold medal at the International Mathematical Olympiad , in Budapest .
He was friendly with his teammates but not close — “ I had no close friends , ” he said .
He was one of two or three Jews in his grade , and he had a passion for opera , which also set him apart from his peers .
His mother , a math teacher at a technical college , played the violin and began taking him to the opera when he was six .
By the time Perelman was fifteen , he was spending his pocket money on records .
He was thrilled to own a recording of a famous 1946 performance of “ La Traviata , ” featuring Licia Albanese as Violetta .
“ Her voice was very good , ” he said .
At Leningrad University , which Perelman entered in 1982 , at the age of sixteen , he took advanced classes in geometry and solved a problem posed by Yuri Burago , a mathematician at the Steklov Institute , who later became his Ph.D. adviser .
“ There are a lot of students of high ability who speak before thinking , ” Burago said .
“ Grisha was different .
He thought deeply .
His answers were always correct .
He always checked very , very carefully . ”
Burago added , “ He was not fast .
Speed means nothing .
Math does n’t depend on speed .
It is about deep . ”
At the Steklov in the early nineties , Perelman became an expert on the geometry of Riemannian and Alexandrov spaces — extensions of traditional Euclidean geometry — and began to publish articles in the leading Russian and American mathematics journals .
In 1992 , Perelman was invited to spend a semester each at New York University and Stony Brook University .
By the time he left for the United States , that fall , the Russian economy had collapsed .
Dan Stroock , a mathematician at M.I.T. , recalls smuggling wads of dollars into the country to deliver to a retired mathematician at the Steklov , who , like many of his colleagues , had become destitute .
Perelman was pleased to be in the United States , the capital of the international mathematics community .
He wore the same brown corduroy jacket every day and told friends at N.Y.U. that he lived on a diet of bread , cheese , and milk .
He liked to walk to Brooklyn , where he had relatives and could buy traditional Russian brown bread .
Some of his colleagues were taken aback by his fingernails , which were several inches long .
“ If they grow , why would n’t I let them grow ? ” he would say when someone asked why he did n’t cut them .
Once a week , he and a young Chinese mathematician named Gang Tian drove to Princeton , to attend a seminar at the Institute for Advanced Study .
For several decades , the institute and nearby Princeton University had been centers of topological research .
In the late seventies , William Thurston , a Princeton mathematician who liked to test out his ideas using scissors and construction paper , proposed a taxonomy for classifying manifolds of three dimensions .
He argued that , while the manifolds could be made to take on many different shapes , they nonetheless had a “ preferred ” geometry , just as a piece of silk draped over a dressmaker ’s mannequin takes on the mannequin ’s form .
Thurston proposed that every three - dimensional manifold could be broken down into one or more of eight types of component , including a spherical type .
Thurston ’s theory — which became known as the geometrization conjecture — describes all possible three - dimensional manifolds and is thus a powerful generalization of the Poincaré .
If it was confirmed , then Poincaré ’s conjecture would be , too .
Proving Thurston and Poincaré “ definitely swings open doors , ” Barry Mazur , a mathematician at Harvard , said .
The implications of the conjectures for other disciplines may not be apparent for years , but for mathematicians the problems are fundamental .
“ This is a kind of twentieth - century Pythagorean theorem , ” Mazur added .
“ It changes the landscape . ”
In 1982 , Thurston won a Fields Medal for his contributions to topology .
That year , Richard Hamilton , a mathematician at Cornell , published a paper on an equation called the Ricci flow , which he suspected could be relevant for solving Thurston ’s conjecture and thus the Poincaré .
Like a heat equation , which describes how heat distributes itself evenly through a substance — flowing from hotter to cooler parts of a metal sheet , for example — to create a more uniform temperature , the Ricci flow , by smoothing out irregularities , gives manifolds a more uniform geometry .
Jason Reitman ’s
Up in the Air did not fare so well as the Academy Awards last night .
That does not take away from its 6 nominations including Best Picture and Actor , or tomorrow ’s highly recommended release of the film on Blu-ray Disc and DVD .
Sadly our Blu-ray review copy got caught up in a shipping snafu and arrived late causing the review to not be ready yet .
To tide you over , Paramount has shared a clip from a deleted scene on the disc in which Ryan Bingham ( George Clooney ) goes about his disconnected routine in a spacesuit .
The sequence is strange to say the least and cut for good reason , but still intriguing to watch nonetheless .
Check out the deleted scene from Up in the Air below and look for our review to be published later this week .
THE “ SPECIAL RELATIONSHIP ” IS DEAD
LEARN SOME OF THE “ WHY ” BEING KEPT FROM YOU
By Gordon Duff STAFF WRITER / Senior Editor
Vice President Joe Biden , Secretary of State Clinton and Joint Chief ’s Chairman Mike Mullen have all recently visited Israel on two issues , reliable information that Israel was planning an attack on Iran , a plan designed to push America into a war our leaders believe is both wrong and likely to risk a global nuclear confrontation with Russia and the building of a massive housing project on the Arab side of Jerusalem in violation of numerous agreements , a project that is likely to cause a spike in world terrorism and send thousands of new fighters to Afghanistan to face American forces there .
This is the worst point in the history of the relationship between the U.S. and Israel since the founding of that nation in 1948 but these are not the only reasons , not these and the arrogant and intractable attitude of Israel ’s leaders nor being caught in lie after lie , lies told to their financial backer and closest ally , the United States .
Here is some background on CENTOM Commander , General Petraeus ’ shocking briefing :
On Jan. 16 , two days after a killer earthquake hit Haiti , a team of senior military officers from the U.S. Central Command ( responsible for overseeing American security interests in the Middle East ) , arrived at the Pentagon to brief Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm.
Michael Mullen on the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
The team had been dispatched by CENTCOM commander Gen.
David Petraeus to underline his growing worries at the lack of progress in resolving the issue .
The 33 - slide , 45 - minute PowerPoint briefing stunned Mullen .
The briefers reported that there was a growing perception among Arab leaders that the U.S. was incapable of standing up to Israel , that CENTCOM ’s mostly Arab constituency was losing faith in American promises , that Israeli intransigence on the Israeli - Palestinian conflict was jeopardizing U.S. standing in the region …
“ Everywhere they went , the message was pretty humbling , ” a Pentagon officer familiar with the briefing says .
“ America was not only viewed as weak , but its military posture in the region was eroding . ”
But Petraeus was n’t finished : two days after the Mullen briefing , Petraeus sent a paper to the White House requesting that the West Bank and Gaza ( which , with Israel , is a part of the European Command — or EUCOM ) , be made a part of his area of operations .
The Mullen briefing and Petraeus ’s request hit the White House like a bombshell … pressing Israel once again on the settlements issue , sending Mitchell on a visit to a number of Arab capitals and dispatching Mullen for a carefully arranged meeting with the chief of the Israeli General Staff , Lt. General Gabi Ashkenazi . …
Certainly , it was thought , Israel would get the message .
Israel did n’t .
When Vice President Joe Biden was embarrassed by an Israeli announcement that the Netanyahu government was building 1,600 new homes in East Jerusalem , the administration reacted .
But no one was more outraged than Biden who , according to the Israeli daily Yedioth Ahronoth , engaged in a private , and angry , exchange with the Israeli Prime Minister :
“ This is starting to get dangerous for us , ” Biden reportedly told Netanyahu .
“ What you ’re doing here undermines the security of our troops who are fighting in Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan .
That endangers us and it endangers regional peace . ”
Yedioth Ahronoth went on to report : “ The vice president told his Israeli hosts that since many people in the Muslim world perceived a connection between Israel ’s actions and US policy , any decision about construction that undermines Palestinian rights in East Jerusalem could have an impact on the personal safety of American troops fighting against Islamic terrorism . ”
The message could n’t be plainer : Israel ’s intransigence could cost American lives .
The deterioration started long before this and can be tracked by changing perceptions in the Obama administration whose leaders are heavily “ pro-Israel ” but lack the extremist convictions of the Zionist / extremist group that surrounded President Bush .
When Obama took office , even Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel , one of the most prominent Israeli proponents in the country , had become aware of the extent of Israeli involvement in areas that had taken the “ special relationship ” into an area of disaster for the United States .
This is what was discovered :
The military and intelligence organizations in the United States had been penetrated by Israel , not only through our normal broad partnership but the planting of “ moles , ” many from the Christian Zionist community who were taking direction from Israel and not the United States .
The result was n’t just limited to falsification of intelligence , both leading to endless phony terror alerts and non-existent enemies but to skewing operations in a manner to guarantee their failure with significant American cost in both lives and money .
The massive spy network uncovered by Sibel Edmonds had been tracked , almost entirely to Israel .
Edmonds had been silenced by National Security Letters issued by John Ashcroft , leading Christian Zionist in the Bush Administration and constant “ private ” visitor to Israel .
After 6 years of spying at the highest levels of the White House , Department of State , Congress and the Pentagon , the network grew even more , accessing nearly all top US intelligence and selling it on the open market .
Most disastrous of the stolen intelligence was the data on the new JSF , the F35 Joint Strike Fighter .
All data on this new $ 300 billion dollar project fell into Israeli hands in 2008 , information that may have turned the air superiority fighter meant to rule the skies for the next 30 years into a “ target sled . ”
This is the biggest intelligence attack on the US since the Pollard / Israeli scandal .
Pollard , an American Jew reputedly associated with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu , stole America ’s battle plans for the defense of NATO , our entire spy / surveillance network plans and full ultra - top secret detailed plans that could have negated America ’s nuclear deterrent during the most dangerous times of the Cold War .
Pollard ’s information was sold to the Soviets by Israel , information that could have let Russia win World War III .
The Israeli attack on Gaza was timed to an American change of administration and done without consultation .
Broad intelligence sources indicate that the attacks were not in relatiation to any terrorist activity but are spoken of “ behind closed doors ” by top US officials as ethnic cleansing not unlike the issues that brought NATO into conflict with Serbia .
The systematic nature of the attack , destroying water - treatment , schools , hospitals , food storage , power generation and the massive loss of life , especially among children , has soured many in the Obama camp on Israel
Israel ’s use of the Jewish lobby in the US to hold up President Obama ’s domestic agenda and their use of Jewish controlled media to embarrass the President has caused more bitterness .
With Jewish controlled / owned Fox , CNN ( Wolf Blitzer , formerly of the Jerusalem Post ) , ABC , CBS , NBC networks and other major news sources all working in concert against , particularly President Obama ’s health care initiative , Israel is seen as “ flexing its muscle ” even more .
The believed rationale is the removal of all non-Jews from Israel , dead or alive , with a powerless US government paying the bills and fighting the massive terrorist backlash for generations .
The Israeli agenda of working with India to destabilize Pakistan , organize terror attacks there and , less publicly known , in Afghanistan and Iraq , some against American targets , can no longer be ignored by the current administration , Secretary Gates , General ’s Mullen and Petraeus .
Israeli’s “ dynamic duo , ” Senators McCain and Lieberman , though still holding important committee assignments on the hill , are being held increasingly in disrepute in the United States .
When Israel sends these two on errands , it no longer carries the weight and power of the United States as it had during the Bush administation .
Re-examination of a number of terrorist attacks during the Bush administation , particularly in Europe , show a clear “ Mossad footprint , ” something adding credence to the hypothesis that the “ war on terror ” and intelligence failures in Iraq had been heavily influenced by Israeli sources , many of the same individuals tied to the Edmonds spy affair , many close to , not only Israel but President Bush and Vice President Cheney .
Recently a secret El Al / Israel flight from JFK in New York has been discovered , a flight authorized by top Bush officials , one previously kept secret and now being tied covering up 9/11 intelligence failures .
The El Al Boeing 747 left only hours after the 9/11 attack , at a time all air traffic in the United States was grounded .
With nearly all Arab / Muslim governments aligned behind the US , including a softening of tensions with Iran , Israel feels it must act quickly .
However , the US no longer has any strategic requirement for a relationship with Israel .
What had been seen as a potential ally , perhaps now wrongly so , in the region is now generally perceived as a “ runaway train ” that the United States can no longer go to the United Nations time after time to protect from sanctions , 32 times thus far .
Israel clearly feels it has the United States “ over a barrel ” with control of media , a massive AIPAC lobby working against American policy and huge new financial influence over the upcoming Congressional elections handed over to them by the highly controversial 5 / 4 Supreme Court “ free speech ” election funding decision clearly meant to aid Israel further in her ability to intimidate Congress .
Unofficially , Israel has moved to the top of America ’s “ terrorist watch list ” and is now drifting toward “ evildoer ” status , not only by the White House but , more broadly , through top defense officials who now perceive Israel as a threat to the United States .
Author Details Author Details Gordon Duff , Senior Editor Gordon Duff is a Marine combat veteran of the Vietnam War .
He is a disabled veteran and has worked on veterans and POW issues for decades .
Gordon is an accredited diplomat and is generally accepted as one of the top global intelligence specialists .
He manages the world ’s largest private intelligence organization and regularly consults with governments challenged by security issues .
Duff has traveled extensively , is published around the world and is a regular guest on TV and radio in more than “ several ” countries .
He is also a trained chef , wine enthusiast , avid motorcyclist and gunsmith specializing in historical weapons and restoration .
Business experience and interests are in energy and defense technology .
Gordon ’s Latest Posts
( As part of his research for a book he 's writing on microfinance , Bob Harris took a trip through the Peruvian Andes , including Cusco , Lake Titicaca , Machu Picchu , where he studied the architecture , refused to try corn - and - human - saliva beer , imbibed in coca tea ( " maybe the best damn thing I ever drank " ) , and visited with people who live on floating islands made out of reeds .
His photos and comments are fascinating .
— Mark )
We begin in transit , killing time in the Lima airport .
I hope you 'll enjoy the titanic clashes of cultures …
The culture shock of being faced with difficult , obscure translations …
… later on , inscrutable symbols beyond an outsider 's comprehension …
… and the occasional midnight bathroom scorpion :
Our arachnid friend was in the town of Ollantaytambo .
In the loo of a sweet little guest house .
Right by the toilet , middle of the night , exactly like in my nightmares when I was little .
The joys of travel .
I probably should have asked for a non-scorpion room .
Anyway , let 's get some standard tourism out of the way .
Here 's a sight famiiar to anyone who has ever visited the travel section of a bookstore :
This young lady is one of many who eke out a living in tourist areas by posing for pictures for one nuevo sol ( about 35 cents USD ) .
You 're surely seen guidebooks with a similar image on the cover .
I wonder how many guidebooks and magazines actually pay their subjects more than $ 0.35 for the profitable use of their image ?
( Come to think of it , what should I have paid for this free online use ?
I honestly have no idea .
My bargaining skills in Quechua being non-existent , I gave her considerably more than her usual rate .
I hope it was enough .
But I also hope I did n't accidentally incentivize a job that does n't develop other skills that would help her improve her life .
I mention this because seeking a solution to such questions is what my next book is largely about . )
Speaking of Quechua — in which " Rimaykullayki " means " hello " — it 's the living language of the Incas , still spoken ( with major regional variations ) by about 7 million people throughout formerly Inca lands from southern Colombia to northern Argentina .
In Peru , it has official status , so some Andean street signs are multilingual — here 's " Avenue of the Sun " in Spanish and Quechua :
Of course , it 's not just the languages — you see Spanish sitting physically on top of Inca pretty much everywhere you look .
Historians currently peg the beginning of Inca civilization 's greatest expansion roughly around 1493 — just months after a Spanish sailor named Roderigo de Triana first sighted the New World from a ship called La Pinta .
( As a side note , Roderigo dutifully shouted the news to his captain , Christopher Columbus , who promptly claimed that he did n't see anything .
This may have been because the expedition 's financiers had promised a huge reward to the first person to see land .
Sure enough , a little while later , Columbus announced that he himself finally saw land , and he was given the reward .
Roderigo soon converted to Islam , moved to Africa , and disappeared from our elementary school history books .
Columbus went on to become substantially less nice to the people he was about to meet . )
After Columbus came firearms , armor , smallpox , and eventually Francisco Pizarro , who executed the last Inca emperor in 1533 .
When the conquistadors reached Cusco , the grand Inca capital , they made a point of de -Inca - fying everything , plopping their Spanish stuff right on top .
The results are abundantly visible all over the place :
The Spanish building at top center was for many years the local Archbishop 's palace — constructed directly atop the walls of the palace of the Inca emperor .
Down the street , here 's what was once the site of the Temple of the Sun , one of the holiest spots in the Inca Empire — until the Spanish razed the original edifice and built the Church of Santo Domingo atop its foundations :
The surviving Inca stonework here has to be seen to be believed .
For example , major earthquakes in 1650 and 1950 severely damaged the Spanish structure , but the Inca bits remained almost perfectly intact .
These windows , for example , still line up perfectly , even after the whole building around them fell twice :
Back at the old archbishop 's place , here 's the famous 12 - sided stone , only the most rococo of thousands of massive , ludicrously shaped rocks that jigsaw together so well that you generally can't even slip an index card between them :
The Incas moved and shaped these stones , most of which are bigger than you are , and then built hundreds of such walls — all of course with no power tools , no known use of the wheel , no draft animal bigger than a llama , and no written language beyond intricately knotted cords .
How huge did Inca stonework get ?
Here 's Sacsayhuaman , a fortification in which some stones are up to 20 feet high and may weigh nearly 200 tons :
Sacsayhuaman was intended to protect Cusco .
Right up until the Spanish cornered the defenders inside , slaughtered them , and then began quarrying the non-huge rocks for imperial construction projects .
After executing the Inca leaders , selling the survivors on Christianity involved a different form of building on existing foundations .
Take a look this small slice of the main cathedral in Cusco :
In Inca mythology , the most powerful earth deity , Pachamama , was frequently represented by a triangular shape symbolizing the mountains .
Coincidentally enough , on the local Catholic god guy… a big triangle for a halo .
( Pachamama , being an earth mother , also led to representations of Mary wearing garb so voluminous as to become triangular herself . )
Mary and Joseph , meanwhile , have big spiky sunburst halos — which just coincidentally resemble Inti , the Inca sun god .
There 's tons of this sort of syncretism all over the place .
Here 's the Last Supper as portrayed inside the cathedral ( cribbed from the web , since photographs are forbidden ) :
In Cusco , the Last Supper seems to have included potatoes ( unknown outside the New World before Columbus ) , a homebrew corn- based beer called chicha to drink ( see below ) and local chinchilla instead of lamb as the main dish .
Let 's take a minute to digress on local beverages .
Chicha is a local corn - based homebrew beer as ubiquitous as it is kinda gross — the fermentation is accelerated by enzymes in the maker 's saliva :
That colorful plastic on a stick is the local signal that the occupants inside — puh-tooey ! — have just brewed up a fresh batch of corn - and - spit beer .
Mmm-mm .
Nasty as it sounds , it 's also cheap as… well , corn and spit .
So for poor folks with no better way to enlarge their livers , its a cheap buzz , and for the homeowners , it 's an easy profit .
In some neighborhoods around quitting time , there can be almost as many chicha flags as there are buildings :
Since I 'm not doing one of those Man Eats World - style cable shows , I did n't try chicha myself .
Sorry to disappoint .
Just , well , eww .
Besides , I was too busy getting buzzed on the coca tea :
Just take loose coca leaves , add boiling water , let steep , add sugar , and drink .
Maybe the best damn thing I ever drank .
It tastes sort of like sweet spinach , but with the stimulant kick of good coffee and an analgesic effect I 'd place somewhere between naproxen and vicodin .
( I have a bad back , so I feel confident in my ability to scale analgesics . )
One pot , and pretty soon my head felt better , my feet felt better … hell , my childhood felt better .
Seriously , it 's fantastic medicine for that altitude and climate .
Too bad putting a handful of those leaves in my pocket could get me arrested back home , thanks to the War On Some Drugs .
Anyway , back to the cathedral .
Let 's step back into the square for a wider look .
Check out the flags :
On the right , the national flag of Peru .
On the left … a rainbow flag , remarkably like pride flag used by the North American gay community since the 1970s .
Here , it 's not a gay thing .
It 's simply the Cusco city flag , said to be inspired by banners flown by Incas fighting the Spanish .
There 's spotty evidence for the claim , and Cusco only adopted the flag in 1978 — the very same year Gilbert Barker designed the gay pride flag in San Francisco .
Still , in Cusco , rainbow = Inca , flag - wise .
Does this lead to confusion ?
Oh dear god yes .
In moments of broad comedy that sound more like an episode of Family Guy than real life , I 've been told that American tourists are sometimes shocked on arrival to discover that the entire city of Cusco is so totally Out .
Others pose happily in front of the flag , demonstrating solidarity with a culture they are misunderstanding completely .
The city of Cusco periodically discusses just changing the whole thing .
Moving on …
It 's all well to criticize the Spanish destruction of the Inca empire , but let 's also disabuse ourselves of any assumption that the Incas were morally superior .
After all , they probably did n't get to be the most powerful empire in the hemisphere by asking nicely .
Let 's move a few hundred miles south , to Lake Titicaca near the Bolivian border , and meet the Uros people , who were at one time oppressed and even enslaved by the Incas .
Lake Titicaca is at about 12,500 feet — about 2.4 miles up in the air .
By comparison , Denver is at 5280 feet , altitude sickness starts affecting sensitive people at just 8000 feet , and the MacBook I 'm using is only rated by Apple to function up to 10,000 feet .
( Above that , the thin air can supposedly cause a dynamic imbalance in the spinning hard drive . )
Lake Titicaca is , in a word , somewhat high .
As a result , it 's one of the most vividly colorful places on earth .
You 're missing almost two and a half miles of air that normally stand between you and the sun god , plus you 're near the equator , so Inti is bashing you pretty straight on .
So the blue is BLUE .
The green is GREEN .
My camera could n't possibly do it justice .
The colors are so bright they almost vibrate :
And on this beautiful lake — several kilometers out , just , like , floating out there — live several hundred members of the Uros , a people whose culture predates the Incas .
Roughly half a millennium ago , the Uros were under such frequent and violent assault that many finally fled onto the lake itself , building floating pontoon islands out of the lake 's abundant totora reeds .
Centuries later , many of the Uros are still there .
Floating on their reed islands .
They 're still raising their kids in reed huts , paddling reed boats , and constantly weaving and re-weaving the whole kaboodle , since water and weather are constantly eroding most of their world .
There are anywhere from about 45 to 60 of these islands at any time , generally housing from 2 - 5 families each , depending on population and who is getting along with whom .
( A bad family spat , for example , may lead to the construction of a new island . )
The island in the above picture was abandoned shortly before I arrived ; the elderly couple who had previously lived in the house on the right had recently passed away .
The islands are squishy to walk on , something like trying to stride across a mattress .
If you stomped , you could put your foot right through the matting .
So you walk carefully .
Say hello to Olympia .
She and her husband were born on one of these pontoons , are raising their children out here , and will probably live much of the rest of their lives in the same small hut :
Olympia invited me into her home and showed me around .
( She surely does this with travelers almost every day . )
The whole hut is probably about the size of your living room .
Here 's where they cook , just outside :
These are their three daughters :
It may not be clear in the photos , but everyone looks kinda sunburned .
A scientific survey completed in 2006 determined that this general region receives the highest jolt of UV radiation of any continuously inhabited place on earth .
And nobody here can afford frequent sunscreen .
I brought ( as any traveler should ) pencils and paper as gifts for the kids , since school supplies are way expensive for these folks ; their only income is from selling crafts and trading fresh fish , handicrafts , and other goods with non -lake - dwellers .
Speaking of crafts , that handwoven mat that Olympia is sitting with , above — that 's currently sitting on my couch here in L.A. , awaiting a frame .
It 's gorgeous , it tells the story of the Uros , and it was the biggest thing she had for sale .
I will treasure it .
The fishing is done primarily with what the Uros call " plastic boats , " since they 're not made of reeds :
But they still make traditional reed boats like the one below , which took five men two months of labor to build , and lasts only two years before the lake water eventually reclaims it :
These boats are more for making a few bucks by taking visitors like me out for a lap .
Fair enough .
Cesar here manned the oar and was kind enough to share a few more details of life here :
He 's 25 and commutes by boat to the lakeshore city of Puno for school , medical care , and other things most first worlders take for granted .
He 's also not actually a full - blooded descendent of the Uros — nobody here is .
Over the centuries , the Uros eventually intermarried with neighboring Aymara - speaking peoples , and the Uros 's language disappeared long ago .
Uros traditions continue , although it's all getting harder to maintain as the living standard on the shore continues to lure people away .
The government is now heavily subsidizing the Uros , partly for humane reasons , and partly because they 're increasingly a tourist attraction .
As my own presence here confirms .
This is strange to contemplate .
Another generation or two ( if not already or very soon ) , and people may only live here to attract visitors , reducing an entire centuries - old culture to little more than a publicity stunt .
I 'm trying to imagine what it would be like to have all of your traditions and culture , handed down for hundreds of years , collapse into a tourist trap that rapidly — to grow up while that 's going on , and then wonder who your children will even be .
I 'm trying , and failing , to imagine that .
I hope that buying the beautiful weaving from Olympia will help her family and support her work , and not encourage her to continue an unnecessarily hard way of life they will someday maintain only for show .
Moving on .
Further into the lake ( and with a beautiful view of the Bolivian Andes ) , is the island of Taquile :
Thanks to physical isolation , Taquile has yet another distinct culture .
Possessions are generally collectivized — even the sheep feeding on the Inca - era terraces :
Family lineage is identified by color - coded clothing :
Conflicts on the island are resolved every Sunday in lengthy group discussions in the main square :
Too bad Copenhagen could n't be organized this smoothly .
I can think of some people who could seriously learn from Taquile .
Heading back to dry land , however , things got less inspiring for a while .
The nearest airport is in Juliaca , a city just slightly larger than Akron , Ohio .
Not the most enticing place I 've been .
To give you an idea , this Peru tourism website , whose whole point is to make things sound as appealing as possible , has this to say about Juliaca :
very unattractive … [ it ] competes with Chimbote on the northern coast for the title of the most unpleasant city in Peru .
Most of the buildings in the city are very ugly … the bitter cold winds make being out at night almost unbearable … "
As a bonus , cars , 3 - wheel cabs , motorcycles , pedicabs , bicycles , and pedestrians compete in a downtown oddly bereft of traffic lights , so everyone just sort of shoves their noses in and pushes .
I 've been in third world traffic from Cairo to Bali to Kuala Lumpur , and this was as hostile as anything I 've ever seen .
Before becoming congealed in traffic , my taxi driver almost ran over a dog , a teenage school girl , and an elderly woman , all within a two minute period — accelerating , honking , daring them not to dive out of the street .
This seemed to be the etiquette ; other drivers did the same .
When I asked him to please slow down and not risk hitting people , the driver pulled the car over and began yelling abusively .
Hokay .
According to the locals I spoke with , much of the economy is built around contraband of many varieties —
Peru and Bolivia maintain no border controls on Lake Titicaca , creating an enormous smuggling route for anyone trying to get stolen or illegal goods from the rest of South America into Peru for sale or export .
And Juliaca is the hub .
For what it 's worth , the lone cop I saw looked like a total prop :
Yes , the cop stayed in a little box on the sidewalk , blowing a whistle and waving at traffic that barely paid the slightest mind .
Yes , the box was provided by Inca Kola .
And yes , a man is about to urinate on the wall .
It 's not really a law - and - order place , I guess .
On Christmas Eve of last year , someone threw a tear gas grenade into a nightclub here , where 1200 people were dancing in a room built for half that many .
In the confined space , five people were asphyxiated and 10 were severely injured in the rush to flee .
The police never found out who did it , but it 's believed to have been a prank by some teenagers .
For fun .
Outside , neighbors who lived near the nightclub took advantage of the situation and tried to set fire to the building , the better to rob the panicked , fleeing survivors .
Afterward , seven people were arrested for trying to steal valuables from the dead bodies .
Tough town , this Juliaca .
A couple of years ago , a poor man was discovered stealing cooking fuel here .
A mob tied him to a lamppost with wire and burned him alive .
A couple of months before that , the mayor of an outlying village was accused of corruption , and the entire town beat him to death .
That said , they do have a giant slide :
So there 's that .
Let 's get back on the road , shall we ?
Here 's the Altiplano , Peru 's answer to the South African highveldt — a high plain often seemingly as flat as a putting green for as far as the eye can see :
Occasionally you hit a speed bump at a toll station .
These are accompanied by the following warning :
The sign is meant to communicate that the large bump may destroy your suspension if you do n't slow down .
My crappy Spanish , however , always interpreted the sign more literally — as Spring Break .
Cool !
Turns out it 's Spring Break in Peru every 50 miles or so .
Moving on .
This is the central wall of the Temple of Wiracocha , a pre-Inca ruin 80 feet high and 100 yards long .
Prior to the Spaniards doing to the Incas roughly what Juliaca does to propane thieves , this central wall supported a church the size of an entire football field , surely one of the largest structures on the continent when the Spanish arrived :
The sheep is a comparatively recent addition .
Further north , we pass Cusco and enter the Sacred Valley , a vast fertile swath along the Urubamba river that was to the Incas what California 's Central Valley is to modern supermarkets .
It 's gorgeous .
Depending on your altitude , the Sacred Valley can look like anything from the most fertile bits of Appalachia …
… to a drive through the back roads of Utah :
Next stop , Moray , site of what may have been a massive Inca crop laboratory , 14 stories deep and 150 yards across :
The theory goes that all those concentric circles create different microclimates , with the center several degrees warmer than the outermost rings .
Many scientists now believe that in addition to using the center for various religious rites and sacrifices , the Incas also used the entire area as a microcosm for the terraced hillsides throughout the valley — and a laboratory for determining which grains would grow best at which altitude and direction of exposure to the sun .
I would not have thought that an Inca crop lab would be so cool .
But then , I 'd have also said the same about this Peruvian salt mine :
Normally , somebody says " Peruvian salt mine , " I 'm not thinking , wow , cool .
But this was :
About 600 years ago , the Incas discovered a natural spring that provided a constant trickle of extremely salty water .
With some careful terracing , they created this massive field of 3000 evaporation pools .
The trace mineral content varies from pool to pool , with distinct applications in agriculture , animal husbandry , and human consumption .
If you own one of the plots , you get to the actual salt by just walking out onto the terraces and harvesting it .
This feels a lot like walking on snow when it 's 80 degrees outside :
The only similar experience I 'd had was crunching around the Gilmore Girls set during a Christmas episode being shot in Burbank in October .
But if I 'd lost my footing there , I would n't have gone careening down the side of a mountain .
Moving on .
Nearby , here 's Ollyantaytambo , site of an Inca fortress the Spanish never conquered :
At its feet , the town of Ollyantaytambo is among the best - preserved Inca villages in Peru :
Many of the residents of Ollyantaytambo speak Quechua , retain some elements of traditional dress and custom , and live in Inca - built dwellings along Inca - built streets , eating potatoes and corn grown from hybrids and techniques pioneered by the Incas .
It 's pretty damn Inca here .
If you 're planning a visit , the Casa Del Scorpion guest house is just out of camera range here to the left .
Watching the train to Machu Picchu chug past these half - millennium - old terraces was oddly jarring — like watching two widely - spaced centuries overlap right before your eyes :
Speaking of Machu Picchu … let 's go .
( Warning : my words are going to completely fail .
So will my camera .
Most of these pictures will look just like every other picture of Machu Picchu .
Some things — Iguazu Falls , the pyramids of Giza or Teotihuacan , the Grand Canyon , etc. — are just they 're too big and wonderful to encapsulate in a snapshot . )
8000 feet in the air , in the saddle between two bullet - shaped mountains far enough into the Peruvian jungle that neither cars nor planes can take you to the spot …
… there 's a 550 - year - old ruin larger than Times Square .
Constructed entirely of rocks that seem to have no earthly business being there .
Archaeologists are n't even sure what it was for .
Possibly a retreat for the emperor Pachacutec .
Whatever it was , the Spanish never plundered it — heck , they never even found it — so the whole thing is unusually pristine .
The place is often overrun by tourists , but if you look closely , you 'll see that I lucked out and almost had the whole deal to myself .
It was a random Thursday at the beginning of the wet season .
Must be a good time to visit .
The view above is taken from a small building theorized to be a sort of observation post , now known as the Caretaker 's Hut .
Here 's a look back up from what would be street level , were the town still active :
To give you a sense of scale , each one of those terraces is about 5 feet high .
So climbing up to the hut from here is like taking the stairs on a 20 - story building .
Here 's the most sacred spot in the place , a stone called Intihuatana ( " hitching post of the sun " ) :
Despite its simple appearance , it 's oriented to point directly at the sun on the winter solstice , with the travel of its shadows subsequently providing an excellent guide to the seasons .
This stone and the temple around it may have been the center of all Inca social and political planning .
And here are what seem to be the primary caretakers , keeping the grass neat with their grazing :
They also line up single file to use the stairs , which was more civilized than any human act I saw in the entire city of Juliaca .
A lot of tourists do n't want to visit during the wet season , but if you like dramatic shifts in mood , it 's the way to go :
And when the mist clears , rainbows appear in the valley below :
500 feet over the rainbow would be a good place to end this entry … except there 's one thing even more beautiful that I want to show you .
It 's the real reason I went , the main thing I was visiting in Cusco , and the actual subject of this chapter of my book on microfinance .
( The rest is just window dressing , really . )
Here 's the loveliest place I visited in Peru :
Arariwa may not look gorgeous , but it's a microfinance institution that brings financial resources to the working poor throughout the region — craftspeople not unlike Olympia , say .
Plus farmers and tradespeople and small businesspeople of every kind .
Microfinance is changing millions of lives — so much so that its biggest pioneer , Muhammad Yunus , won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006 .
Unfortunately , it 's not yet very well known in America .
So for my next book , I 'm taking all the money I made swanking around doing luxury travel reviews last year and putting it to good use — funneling every dime into backing a bunch of loans * ( 1036 as of today ; eventually I hope to do many thousands ) in more than 40 developing countries .
I 'm using Kiva.org as my primary investment platform so far , but I 'll be checking out include Babyloan.org , MYC4.com , and MicroPlace.com , among others .
( They 're all a little different , but generally in the same ballpark . )
And I 'll be spending much of 2010 following the results in a half - dozen interesting places , then writing about what I see , learn , and occasionally fall off of or getting bitten by on the way .
That 's the next book .
Peru was just my first stop .
About 35 of my Kiva loans are to borrowers hooked up via Arariwa ( " guardian of the harvest " in Quechua ) , and while I was in Cusco , I met some of the good folks at Arariwa who get the money to the people who need it , teach them how to handle it , offer health and reproductive information , and devote their lives to equipping the poor to , basically , not be poor anymore .
Want to know what was really gorgeous in Peru ?
People like Clotilde here , the head of education ( and caretaker of a gazillion other things ) for Arariwa , and one of the sweetest people I 've ever met :
Clotilde here kindly opened her office , offered her time and support , arranged for me to visit with a few borrowers , and put up with my crappy Spanish .
You just can't ask for more than that .
( Also , a grateful shout - out to Kiva Fellow Sheethal Shobowale for introducing me to Clotilde , shepherding me around more than once , and frequently making my Spanish comprehensible to others .
This was all above and beyond .
It was a privilege . )
I 'd just like anyone reading this to get the feel for how real and cool and normal and important this stuff is .
And in a way , how totally ordinary .
Clotilde is an exceptional person — but I also think everyone reading this is in their own way , too .
( Yes , I get how sappy and contradictory that sounds .
Deal with it . )
And that 's it from Peru .
Next stop will probably be India and Bangladesh in a few months .
Will send more from there .
Thanks for reading !
May your chicha be fresh , your island well - thatched , and your loo scorpions slow - moving .
* Sticklers may want me to clarify that a " Kiva loan " is typically the refinancing of an existing loan already made by the local lending institution .
To which I say , whoopty .
It 's still helping to get food on the table where it 's needed .
* Sanctions against Caracas companies planned for Monday
* Chavez says opposition personalizing power crisis
( Adds opinion poll )
CARACAS , March 21 ( Reuters ) - Venezuela announced on Sunday 24 - hour power cutoffs for dozens of companies that have failed to reduce usage in the first punitive measures of a nationwide drive to save energy amid an electricity crisis .
Restaurants , liquor stores , hotels , gyms , car dealerships and a yacht club were on the list of 80 firms in the capital Caracas due to have their power cut on Monday for failing to bring consumption down 20 percent , the state utility said .
The local unit of Japanese firm Sony Corp 6758 .
T will also be among those sanctioned .
President Hugo Chavez ’s government has introduced rationing , and demanded power cuts across the South American OPEC member , to cope with an electricity shortage that is jeopardizing Venezuela ’s ability to pull out of a recession .
Drought has hit the hydroelectric sector that produces more than 70 percent of Venezuela ’s electricity .
Rains are due in weeks , with some showers already starting in recent days , and the government says fears of a “ collapse ” are unfounded .
The opposition , preparing for a September legislative election being cast as a referendum on Chavez and a curtain - raiser for the 2012 presidential vote , says he is to blame for incompetent management of the power sector .
Polls show Chavez ’s traditionally high popularity , especially among the poor , is suffering from the power crisis .
The latest survey , by Alfredo Keller and Associates , which is perceived by many to favor the opposition , gave Chavez a 43 percent approval rating , saying it was his lowest since 2003 .
Only 26 percent thought the government was taking the right measures in the electricity campaign , according to the poll , made public on Sunday by private TV network Globovision .
THERMOELECTRIC HOPES
“ This ( opposition ) campaign has , of course , one single aim : declare Hugo Chavez guilty of everything , even the drought , ” the leftist leader wrote in a regular Sunday column he pens .
“ Indeed , I would love to have the powers I ’m accused of by the opposition to defeat this situation which not only hurts Venezuela but the whole world as a result of the destructive voracity of the capitalist system . ”
Chavez said Venezuela ’s planned addition of nearly 6 gigawatts of thermoelectric energy this year , taking national capacity to around 30 gigawatts , would help solve the crisis .
In a carrot - and - stick approach to businesses , state power firm Electricidad de Caracas also published a list of 81 companies that had surpassed the 20 percent reduction target .
If the companies to be sanctioned on Monday do not improve their energy - saving performance in the future , they face a three - day cutoff then possible indefinite power suspension .
Most attention in the energy crisis has centered on the Guri reservoir , which normally supplies more than half of Venezuela ’s electricity but has been drying up at the rate of about 6 inches ( 15 cm ) a day in recent months .
Media have been showing pictures daily of lowering waters , and counting down to a danger - level of about 240 yards ( metres ) -- from 252 now -- when output would drop drastically .
But Environment Minister Alejandro Hitcher said imminent rains , energy - saving measures , and extra thermo-electric capacity would prevent the disaster some were predicting .
“ Guri is not going to collapse , ” he said .
“ To the disappointment of those generating this campaign , ignoring the environmental disaster we are suffering and subjecting the population to a sort of state of terror . ”
Nostalgic – absolutely .
Self serving – possibly ( since these are the shows that I know ) .
Indulgent – likely , but they were all popular shows , so there must be others out there in TV - tropolis world who will enjoy this trip down theme - song memory lane also .
I thought it would be fun and maybe even interesting ( a stretch ? ) to post cover versions of these classic TV themes , which still get airplay somewhere along the 1000 - channel strong digital dial .
read more »
Erneut haben zwei Räuber , die sich als Polizisten ausgaben , in Berlin ein Auto entwendet .
Sie hielten in der Düsseldorfer Straße in Wilmersdorf einen Autofahrer von einem Fahrzeug aus mit einer Polizeikelle an und forderten ihn auf , seine Papiere vorzulegen .
This is a chunk of text from Bill A10129 , introduced on Friday in the New York state assembly , which " Prohibits the use of salt by restaurants in the preparation of food by restaurants . "
Naturally , the penalties for the use of salt while cooking food are totally proportionate and reasonable :
$ 1,000 a pinch ?
$ 1,000 a grain ?
If the bill passes — which we can only hope it wo n't , since it is the ravings of a madman in legislative form — it looks like the folks at most - expensive .
net are going to have to revisit their entry on the world 's most expensive salt .
Via the Twitter feed of @consumerfreedom .
Venezuela is nearly tapped dry for oil - majors investors after years of treating them as political scape goats .
" They are desperately inviting people back in , but no one 's going there , " Shell 's Chief Financial Officer Simon Henry said in London according to Reuters .
Shell , BP , ConocoPhillips , and Exxon Mobile have all decided that Venezuela just is n't worth it anymore .
Thus the nation is forced to look for low hanging fruit when it comes to partnerships , which is hurting .
Welcome to Venezuela 2010 :
WSJ :
The Isla refinery on the Dutch island of Curacao , which is operated by Venezuela 's state oil firm , entered its third week without production and an official said Monday it will be at least until April before production returns .
" When it will re-start , I can't tell you because I do n't know , " said the official at the refinery , who asked not to be identified .
" But it definitely wo n't be until at least April .
For March , there will be no production . "
...
The plant has a capacity to process 320,000 barrels a day of crude , but over the past year has averaged closer to 220,000 barrels a day , the refinery official said .
Maybe that 's why they 're shipping crude oil to be refined in Belarus .
The painting should be repaired in time for an April exhibition
A woman who was taking an art class at New York 's Metropolitan Museum of Art has accidentally fallen into a Picasso painting and damaged it .
The painting called The Actor sustained a vertical tear of about six inches ( 15 cm ) in the lower right - hand corner .
But the damage did not affect the " focal point of the composition " and should be repaired for an exhibition later this year , the museum said .
The work from the Rose period was painted in the winter of 1904 - 1905 .
The repair should be completed in time for the Picasso in the Metropolitan Museum of Art exhibition , which will feature some 250 works from the museum 's collection and is due to open at the end of April .
The unusually large canvas , measuring 6ft by 4ft ( 1.8 m by 1.2 m ) and which depicts an acrobat posed against an abstracted backdrop , was damaged on Friday .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SALT LAKE CITY -- A stunning admission came late Thursday night as the Utah Legislature wrapped up its session .
The shock , and the fallout , continued Friday .
Rep. Kevin Garn , the Republican Majority Leader of the House , admitted that in 1983 he got into a hot tub , naked , with a 15 - year - old girl .
He also acknowledged paying her to keep quiet .
Cheryl Maher says she worked for Garn at his businesses and as a babysitter .
She allegedly threatened in 2002 to reveal the relationship .
Republicans , and even Democrats on the hill , are not calling on Garn to resign .
They 're waiting to see what decision he makes on his own .
" I was 28 years old .
I foolishly went hot tubbing with a girl half my age , " Garn told his colleagues Thursday night .
" Although we did not have sexual contact , it was inappropriate and it was clearly my fault .
One of the consequences of that decision were the negative impact on that young person 's life , " House Majority Leader Kevin Garn said .
The girl , now a woman , Cheryl Maher , allegedly threatened in 2002 to reveal the relationship .
She says she worked for Garn at his businesses and as a babysitter .
Garn acknowledges paying her $ 150,000 to stay silent , but recently Maher started speaking to reporters .
Related :
Woman says Garn is n't telling the whole truth
The woman at the center of the latest scandal to rock the Utah State Capitol is speaking out , and she says House Majority Leader Kevin Garn did not tell all .
House members applauded the majority leader for revealing his secret , but for many it was a shocking bookend to an episode at the beginning of the session : Senate Majority Leader Sheldon Killpack resigned because of a DUI charge .
The Republican state chairman does n't think the twin scandals will seriously damage the party .
" Well , uh , we would have preferred they did n't occur , that 's for sure , " Chairman Dave Hansen said .
" But they will , and when people get to the election this fall , it 's going to be based on the party principles and the candidates that are running . "
The House Minority Leader chose not to make hay .
" This is too personal to become political , and I think this is something that has to be between him and his family and his constituents , " Rep. David Litvack said .
Kirk Jowers , executive director of the Hinckley Institute of Politics , was clearly troubled .
" It was an inexcusable moment , whether it was 25 years ago or 25 minutes ago ; and then with the hush money , it 's a very difficult moment , " Jowers said .
" A lot of people are having a hard time with the standing ovation on the House floor .
Sympathy is probably warranted , but cheering is not . "
One person who says he is willing to overlook the hot tub incident is Garn 's newest challenger for his seat as representative for District 16 .
" I do not believe a mistake disqualifies anyone from a position of leadership .
We all make mistakes , and I am not immune , " said candidate Chris Crowder .
We also spoke with the Republican chair for Davis County .
She says as long as there are n't legal ramifications with Garn 's confession , she will continue to support him in a re-election campaign .
------
Story compiled with contributions from John Hollenhorst , Marc Giauque and Jennifer Stagg .
×
Related Stories
Hey everyone , I 'm starting a new article series here on catonmat that will be published on Fridays .
It 's called Visual Math Friday .
The goal of this article series is to assemble all the wonderful mathematical proofs and identities that can be proven in a single picture or drawing .
I have been collecting them for years from various books , math journals , websites and video lectures and have collected several hundred of them .
If you have been following my blog , you 'll have noticed that I love to explain things .
I 'll use the same writing style in this series as well .
I 'll post the visual proof together with my explanation .
In the explanations I 'll walk you through the proof , suggesting how to think about the visual image .
But it 's best if you try to understand the proof without reading my explanation and only then read it .
The proofs come from algebra , number theory , geometry , calculus , complex analysis , topology and various other fields of mathematics .
I 'll do one proof a week and will try to alternate between really easy , moderate and difficult proofs every week so that readers with various mathematical backgrounds can enjoy the series .
I 'll start with a really easy integer sum proof this week .
Without further ado , here it is .
Now try to figure what it proves without reading further !
The colors play an important role in the visual proofs , as do the shape of the visual drawing , the shapes on it and their arrangement !
The Proof
This picture proves that the sum of first n odd numbers is equal to n² .
In other words :
1 + 3 + 5 + 7 + 9 + 11 + ... + ( 2 n - 1 ) = n² .
Explanation
Imagine that the blue and green dots are marbles .
Now let 's look at the lower left corner .
One blue marble is located there .
Next if we follow the diagonal to the upper right corner , we see that the 1 blue marble is kind - of wrapped in 3 green marbles , then they in turn are wrapped in 5 blue marbles again , then those are wrapped in 7 green ones , which in turn are wrapped in 9 blue ones , then 11 green ones , and finally 13 ones .
This suggests that we could look at the sum 1 + 3 + 5 + 7 + 9 + 11 + 13 .
Well what is it ?
It 's 49 .
Also what does this sum involve ?
It involves only odd numbers .
Interesting .
Now let 's count how many marbles we have on each side .
7 on one side and 7 on the other .
And what is 7x7 ?
It 's 49 !
And how many numbers did we sum together ?
Well , seven - 1 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 9 , 11 , 13 .
Interesting .
Could it be that the sum of the first n odd numbers is equal to n² ?
Or in other words , is 1 + 3 + 5 + 7 + ... + ( 2 n - 1 ) equal to n² ?
Let 's try to prove this hypothesis by going one number further and adding 15 green marbles - 13 filled marbles and 2 semi - filled marbles :
Adding 15 marbles created a square of marbles again - now we have 64 marbles , 8 on each side .
The 2 semi - filled marbles are very important here .
Each time we go further from n odd marbles to n+1 odd marbles , the difference changes by 2 .
This difference of two marbles can always be put where the semi - filled ones are in this picture .
This actually concludes the proof .
We showed that the proof worked for several marbles , and showed how it still works if we went one step further .
Therefore it works for all future steps .
This method of proof is called mathematical induction and it's a very powerful and important tool in mathematics for proving sums like these .
Before we go
Can you figure out the two proofs hidden in the logo of this post ?
Let me know in the comments if you can !
Get ahead of me
If you want to get ahead of me in this series , you can get these three amazing books on visual proofs :
Recognises and transcribes words and phrases that are common to an animal species .
To develop the app , we worked closely with many of the world 's top language synthesis teams , and with leaders in the field of animal cognitive linguistics , including senior fellows at the Bodleian Library in Oxford .
i Phone related for Translate for Animals
Translate for Animals was developed for Android by Google Inc .
Package name : com.google.android.apps.animaltranslator
System permissions : 2
Click here to show / hide list
android.permission.INTERNET
android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO
I am the developer of this Application !
was developed for Android byPackage name : System permissions :
Screenshot (s ) available for Translate for Animals
Discussion(s ) about Translate for Animals in our forum
Comments and Ratings for Translate for Animals
All 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star
Filters :
The incessant complaints about AT&T 's poor voice and data services could soon come to an end , though at a cost of $ 150 .
AT&T on Wednesday announced the nationwide release of its 3G MicroCell , the company 's first femtocell .
It 's a device that creates a tiny 3G data and voice signal for your personal use , eliminating AT&T 's network issues within a limited range .
Available for order today through AT&T 's website , the MicroCell acts like a mini cell tower in your home .
It connects to your existing broadband internet service through an Ethernet cable , according to AT&T , and then beams out a cell signal that has a range of about 40 feet , or enough to cover most apartments and houses .
It will provide better cell - signal performance for both voice calls and cellular - data applications , such as picture messaging and web surfing , even if you 're in an area that has no AT&T coverage at all .
Only devices that you authorize – up to 10 – can connect to your MicroCell .
" This will always be important for certain people whose home construction or topography makes network coverage difficult , " an AT&T spokesman told Wired.com .
The device is being offered for a one - time fee of $ 150 ; you activate it through AT&T with some self - install instructions ( which include placing it near a window so it can pick up a GPS signal ) .
The one - time pricing is good news , because when AT&T in September 2009 began consumer trials of the MicroCell in North Carolina , the trial version was being offered only in combination with a $ 20 monthly plan .
( Paul Stamatiou reviewed a trial version of the MicroCell in November 2009 . )
Customers still have the option to pay a companion rate of $ 20 a month for unlimited phone calls , which would give them $ 100 off the MicroCell .
That plan would enable individuals and family - plan customers to make unlimited calls through a 3G MicroCell , without using minutes in their monthly wireless voice plan .
Since the release of the iPhone 3G , AT&T has come under fire for its patchy network performance .
Wired.com in late 2008 led an independent study that revealed AT&T 's network performance was slower than networks in other countries , which suggested the AT&T network was overloaded .
Later , in 2009 , AT&T owned up to network issues and said it was dealing with massive traffic as a result of 3G smartphones becoming popular .
A more recent study by PC World saw major improvements in AT&T 's network speeds .
Though we 're certain thousands of dissatisfied AT&T iPhone customers are going to buy one of these , we 're sure critics will still point out the fact that AT&T is requiring you to pay to improve their network service .
Product Page [ AT&T ]
See Also :
Image courtesy of AT&T
( Thanks , Seth ! )
" It was an accident .
I only wanted to get rid of that bush but it spread so quickly I could n't put it out .
It pricked me every morning and every night , " Erceg told the court .
Casino Rama adalah sebuah kasino , hotel , dan komplek hiburan besar yang terletak di atas tanah cadangan dari Chippewas of Rama First Nation , di kota Rama , Ontario , Canada .
Sebuah … more
Everybody knows that IBM engineer David Bradley invented the Ctrl - Atl - Delete key combination used to reboot the IBM PC .
But who first described this key combination as the " three - finger salute " ?
I think I was .
In the February 25 , 1986 issue of PC Magazine ( Volume 5 , Number 4 ) is a cover story I wrote entitled " Operating in a New Environment , " which introduced readers to the new world of Windows , TopView , et. al. .
On page 114 is the following paragraph :
THE THREE - FINGER SALUTE
Some people stick with a few standard applications .
They do n't bother with resident programs , and they never play around with DEBUG and POKE .
If the above description fits you , you may not be accustomed to having your computer crash — to suddenly find that your keyboard is frozen or to watching the screen fill up with garbage .
You may not even be aware of the two different types of crashes , the soft crash ( recoverable by the three - finger salute , Ctrl - Alt - Del ) or the hard crash ( big red switch and count to 5 slowly ) .
I 'm pretty sure that when I wrote that paragraph over 24 years ago , I had never heard or read anyone else referring to Ctrl - Alt - Delete as the " three - finger salute . "
I know it 's a miniscule contribution to our culture — and I 'm not even that proud of it because " salute " suggests honoring someone or something while rebooting seems like a more hostile act — but I 'm holding on to it .
Of course , I will graciously cede neologistic priority if anyone can find a previous printed use of the term " three - finger salute " in this sense .
February 12 , 2010 -- Drug War Chronicle ( US ) El Paso City Council Passes Resolution Criticizing Drug War , But Only After Killing Marijuana Regulation Language Return to Drug War News : Do n't Miss Archive Original : http://stopthedrugwar.org/chronicle/620/el_paso_city_council_passes_drug_policy_resolution_marijuana
A year ago , dismayed at the violence rocking its sister city of Ciudad Juárez just across the Rio Grande River , the city council in the remote Texas border city of El Paso unanimously passed a resolution calling for serious consideration of ending drug prohibition , only to see it vetoed by Mayor John Cook .
Then , after heavy - handed warnings from US Rep.
Silvestre Reyes ( D - TX ) and the city 's delegation in the state legislature that such a resolution could threaten the city 's funding , the city council backed down , failing to override Cook 's veto .
With those votes and the controversy surrounding them , El Paso was thrust into -- and helped ignite -- a national debate on the country 's drug policies .
This week , the El Paso city council returned to the issue when , led by Councilmembers Beto O'Rourke and Steve Ortega , it considered a resolution calling for a " comprehensive examination of our country 's failed War on Drugs , " and advocating for " the repeal of ineffective marijuana laws " and their replacement with taxed , regulated , and controlled marijuana production , sales , and consumption for adults .
The resolution also called for an immediate meeting between Mexican President Felipe Calderon and US President Obama to address prohibition - related violence in Mexico , rejected the " militaristic " approach of Plan Merida , the three - year , $ 1.4 billion anti-drug assistance scheme for Mexico and Central America , called for that aid to be tied to strict human rights reporting requirements , and called for any additional aid to Mexico to be aimed at improving the country 's " social , educational , and economic development . "
" It 's up to us to act and make some tough decisions and do some uncomfortable things , " said O'Rourke , as he urged his colleagues to support the resolution .
" The fuel to the fire in Juárez is the profits of a black market , " said Councilwoman Susie Byrd , explaining why she supported the marijuana regulation language .
But not all the council members were in accord .
" We did n't talk about demand reduction .
We did n't talk about prevention , and we did n't talk about treatment , " said Councilman Carl Robinson , explaining his vote against the resolution .
The public also joined in the debate , with University of Texas - El Paso political science professor Tony Payan refreshing the council 's member about the city 's historic role in marijuana prohibition .
" It was the first city council a hundred years ago that passed the first resolution forbidding the use of marijuana , " he said .
" One hundred years later we 've come full circle , and now we 're debating 100 years of a failed policy . "
" We 've got this war that 's cost us billions of dollars in Iraq and there 's a huge problem next , right next door ! " said El Paso resident Eric Contreras .
" It is time to change the laws because drug prohibition is a failed policy , " said El Paso resident Richard Newton , a retired veteran US Customs agent and member of Law Enforcement Against Prohibition ( LEAP ) .
" The bottom line is that the reason you have cartels in Juárez fighting each other is to sell drugs in the United States .
They sell drugs because they can make money .
Get rid of the money and you get rid of the cartels . "
Not everyone was on board , however .
" Quit calling it our sister city .
No one wants a disease - riddled prostitute as a sister , " said El Paso resident Armando Cardoza .
[ Ed : That was rude . ]
After debating the resolution on Monday , the council voted , arriving at a 4 - 4 tie vote .
Once again , Mayor Cook swooped in to block reform , even in the form of a resolution .
His vote against the resolution broke the tie .
But that was n't the end of it .
The council then amended the resolution by dropping the paragraph referring to marijuana regulation and unceremoniously passed the amended resolution on a 6 - 2 vote .
O'Rourke was one of the no votes , saying that regulating marijuana was an integral part of his approach .
Still , the El Paso city council has gone on record as condemning current US drug policies and demanding a shift to a smarter , more humane approach to drug sales and use .
And it has clearly called on the US government to take a smarter , more humane approach to the drug violence just across the river in Juárez .
When asked what is was about El Paso that made it amenable to passage of such a resolution critical of the drug war , LEAP 's Newton mentioned the city 's unique location .
Tucked into the triangular tip of far West Texas , El Paso not only borders bloody Ciudad Juárez , with its daily prohibition - related killings , but it also borders New Mexico , a state that has been a leader in drug policy reforms , ranging from medical marijuana to passing the country 's first Good Samaritan drug overdose law to working with the Drug Policy Alliance on methamphetamine prevention and education programs .
" This is a strange city for Texas , " Newton continued .
" The state is very Republican , but there are n't any Republicans in El Paso .
Bush did n't carry El Paso County .
Silvestre Reyes has not had a Republican run against for several elections now .
I would n't say El Paso is especially liberal or progressive , but it is Democratic . "
Last year , Mayor Cook and Congressman Reyes pulled the plug on the resolution , but there is no sign yet that we will see a repeat this year .
That would be progress , even if O'Rourke lost his marijuana regulation language .
And he and the rest of the council still have three years to make up for city council 's 1913 vote to criminalize marijuana .
The city was a leader then ; it can be a leader once again , only this time in the right direction .
Topics regarded as sensitive include names of political leaders
By Weiliang Nie
BBC Chinese Service
To police the internet China has employed what is regarded by many as the world 's most formidable censorship machine .
But as ever more Chinese get online , more and more users also understand what it means to jump over the government 's " Great Firewall of China " .
The country 's firewall system is complex and multi-layered , says Isaac Mao , one of China 's first bloggers .
" The first layer is technical .
The government has invested a lot to build routers and other infrastructure to filter , monitor and block websites and look into how people communicate , " he says .
Even an innocent children 's song - I love Beijing 's Tiananmen - can fall foul of the censors
" The second layer is the ' social layer ' .
It deploys many people to monitor and track people 's activities online .
" The most important part is the third layer .
I call it the ' psychological layer ' .
Because of the technical settings and internet police , internet users have become more self - censored , fearful of being tracked . "
Changing blacklist
The impact of censorship is felt keenly by internet users in China , even affecting their everyday online search results , says Dean Peng , an independent commentator and columnist in Beijing .
A season of reports exploring the extraordinary power of the internet , including : Digital giants - top thinkers in the business on the future of the web Mapping the internet - a visual representation of the spread of the web over the last 20 years Global Voices - the BBC links up with an online community of bloggers around the world
What is SuperPower ?
" Every day when I search for something which may be regarded as sensitive by the authorities , I encounter difficulties , " he says .
" The search engine would tell me that the results that you are looking for will not be shown due to the local laws and regulations . "
Topics regarded as sensitive include anything to do with Charter 08 , an online campaign for democratic reforms launched by dissident professor Liu Xiaobo , who has since been jailed .
Other topics include the names of political leaders , banned religious group such as the Falun Gong , the restive province of Xinjiang and its Uighur people , Mr Peng says .
" And the blacklist changes from time to time , " he adds .
The BBC conducted its own experiment , using China 's most popular search engine , Baidu , and the results broadly confirmed the picture painted by Mr Peng .
Absurdities Sometimes , the censorship can throw up real absurdities , according to Mr Mao .
Even an innocent children 's song - I love Beijing 's Tiananmen - can fall foul of the censors , he explains .
" Initially they block the word Tiananmen because it is associated with the Tiananmen crackdown 20 years ago , " he adds .
" Then they block the word Beijing because there are many things that happened in Beijing . "
The erection of the so - called ' Great Firewall of China ' is a pre-emptive strike against possible potential destabilising factors getting worse
Willy Lam , former China editor , South China Morning Post " The government also restarted the campaign against online pornography last year , so ' I love ' also becomes a sensitive key word .
" Now , if you search for the song , the results returned can be : ' sensitive key word , sensitive key word , and sensitive key word ' . "
According to Willy Lam , former China editor of the Hong Kong - based South China Morning Post , China has every reason to control the internet .
" It is quite obvious looking from outside or the Western perspective that the Communist Party regime is quite stable .
However the social and political situation in China is potentially unstable . "
There are an estimated 100,000 cases of mass incidents - riots and disturbances - every year , Mr Lam says .
And the gap between the rich and poor is widening , resulting in " a severe situation of class antagonism between the newly rich entrepreneurs , senior party leaders on the one hand , and the so - called disadvantaged sectors - the peasants , migrant workers " , he adds .
" The erection of the so - called ' Great Firewall of China ' is a pre-emptive strike against possible potential destabilising factors getting worse , particularly given Beijing 's suspicion that there are so - called anti-China organisations in the West , in the US in particular , who want to exploit these potential destabilising factors in China to make trouble for the regime . "
Anonymity software
But the firewall is not unbreakable , at least to some Chinese internet users .
" Just two years ago , only 5 % of Chinese internet users knew that the government censored the internet , " Mr Mao says .
Roughly 20 % of Chinese internet users now understand what ' Fan Qiang ' ( ' circumventing the firewall ' ) means , and they also have a strong determination to do so
Zhou Shuguang , blogger " But today , information flows faster and faster and people try to use different tools to spread information between social networks . "
" There are a minority of users who can use technology to bypass censorship .
No more than one or two percent .
More users - about 18 % - have become second - hand information consumers from those savvy users . "
" So roughly 20 % of Chinese internet users now understand what ' Fan Qiang ' ( ' circumventing the firewall ' ) means , and they also have a strong determination to do so . "
Stopping people evading the firewall is not easy , says Zhou Shuguang , an active Twitter user and blogger from the central province of Hunan .
Tor helps users defend against network traffic analysis by security services
He cites the availability of free , open - source , peer - to - peer ( P2P ) software such as Tor.
" Everybody can use it .
If you can pay some money , you can get a virtual private network ( VPN ) account so you can get a faster connection to the internet . "
According to internet users in China , you can download the P2P software from the Tor website .
However , the site itself has been blocked in China .
Nevertheless , more and more so - called " mirror sites " - exact copies - are now emerging .
" They can block one .
Maybe five will appear tomorrow , " Mr Mao says .
You can listen to Weiliang Nie 's radio documentary for the BBC World Service here .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Card Games are are online table - top games with playing cards for 1 or more players .
Play such popular card games as solitaire and pinochle with your best friend in 2 player mode or battle online players from all over the world .
Here you will also find fun drinking games with cards suitable for parties .
Manipulate the deck , play your hand well and beat your opponent in the best card games for kids and adults .
One of the most popular card games is Poker .
All you need is luck and skill to win a lot of money in Texas Hold 'em or Blackjack .
Or maybe you 're more interested in the playful colourfulness of UNO or Solitaire in our free card games .
Try your luck in two player games online and become a professional casino player .
In some of the games in this category , you need to get rid of all the cards in your hand as fast as possible .
You can play these free card games online and even in multiplayer matches against players around the world .
Stay cool under pressure and not push your luck too far to take home the pot and win big .
Become the world 's greatest living card player .
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The Conservatives today criticised the government for failing to support proposals from a number of African countries to impose a 20 - year ban on any legal sales of ivory .
The plan , led by Kenya , is being discussed at the meeting of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( Cites ) in a bid to tackle the poaching of elephants and rhino .
It counters a bid by Tanzania and Zambia to hold one - off sales of their legally held ivory and " downlist " their elephants from the highest level of protection .
The UK government said it was initially " sympathetic " to the Kenyan proposals , subject to a review after 10 years of the scheme , but the EU , which votes as a bloc at Cites , decided not to back it .
But on a Cites vote this week on whether to ban the international trade in bluefin tuna , the UK acted alone rather than as a bloc with Europe and chose to support the Monaco proposal of opposing the ban .
There are concerns that , if the one - off sales of ivory from four African countries in 2008 results in a lower demand for illegal ivory , a 20 - year moratorium would not be a positive step .
But conservationists have raised fears over a rise in illegal trade and poaching following the sales , which they believe stimulate the market and provide a cover for traders to offload illegal stocks .
Shadow environment secretary Nick Herbert said the government had " shamefully " refused to support the Kenyan proposal for a ban on sales and continued to back stockpiling of legal ivory - for example from animals which had died naturally .
" Instead of flooding the market with more ivory and legitimising the trade , these stockpiles should be destroyed .
We should be choking demand for ivory , not stoking it , " he said .
The UK opposes the bids by Tanzania and Zambia to have one - off sales of their ivory , but EU countries are still considering their requests to " downlist " their elephants from Appendix I to Appendix II of the convention .
Such a move would not allow a trade in ivory , but could let other elephant body parts be traded internationally and the sale of live elephants , for example to safari parks elsewhere , could go ahead .
It could pave the way for a potential ivory sale in the future .
A Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( Defra ) spokeswoman said : " The EU has agreed with the UK 's position to vote against the proposals from Tanzania and Zambia to sell ivory stocks in a one - off sale .
" The EU has decided not to support Kenya 's proposal for a moratorium of ivory sales for 20 years . "
She said that , regardless , the UK would not consider other sales of ivory until the effects of the 2008 one - off sale of ivory , which was intended to reduce demand for illegal poached ivory , had been fully analysed .
That would take at least another six years , she said .
The 20 - year ban would extend an existing nine - year moratorium , agreed at the time the four African countries were given the go - ahead to sell their legal ivory stocks , on any further sales .
Yesterday efforts to increase protection of polar bears and Atlantic bluefin tuna were defeated at the international meeting .
Extracting DNA from a banana may sound like a difficult task , but it is not very difficult at all .
The process involves a few general steps , including mashing , filtration , precipitation , and extraction .
What You Need
Banana
Salt
Warm water
Liquid soap
Blender
Toothpicks
Strainer
Glass jar
Rubbing alcohol
Knife
Here 's How
Using your knife , cut your banana into tiny pieces to expose more of the cells .
Place your banana pieces in the blender , add a teaspoon of salt and slightly cover the mixture with warm water .
The salt will help the DNA stay together during the mashing process .
Mix in the blender for 5 to 10 seconds making sure the mixture is not too runny .
Pour the mixture into the glass jar through the strainer .
You want the jar to be about half full .
Add about 2 teaspoons of liquid soap and gently stir the mixture .
You should try not to create bubbles when stirring .
The soap helps to break down cell membranes to release the DNA .
Carefully pour very cold rubbing alcohol down the side of the glass stopping near the top .
Wait for 5 minutes to allow the DNA to separate from the solution .
Use the toothpicks to extract the DNA that floats to the surface .
It will be long and stringy .
Tips
When pouring the alcohol , make sure that two separate layers are being formed ( The bottom layer being the banana mixture and the top layer being the alcohol ) .
When extracting the DNA , twist the toothpick slowly .
Be sure to only remove the DNA from the top layer .
Try repeating this experiment again using other foods such as an onion or chicken liver .
Process Explained
Mashing the banana exposes a greater surface area from which to extract the DNA .
The liquid soap is added to help break down cell membranes to release the DNA .
The filtration step ( pouring the mixture through the strainer ) allows for the collection of the DNA and other cellular substances .
The precipitation step ( pouring the cold alcohol down the side of the glass ) allows the DNA to separate from other cellular substances .
Finally , the DNA is removed from the solution by extraction with the toothpicks .
DNA Basics
DNA ( deoxyribonucleic acid ) molecule , illustration .
KTSDESIGN / Science Photo Library / Getty Images
What is DNA ? : DNA is a biological molecule that contains genetic information .
It is a nucleic acid that is organized into chromosomes .
The genetic code found in DNA provides instructions for the production of proteins and all components necessary for the reproduction of life .
Where is DNA Found ? : DNA can be found in the nucleus of our cells .
Organelles known as mitochondria also produce their own DNA .
What makes up DNA ? : DNA is composed of long nucleotide strands .
How is DNA shaped ? : DNA commonly exists as a double stranded molecule with a twisted double helical shape .
What is the role of DNA in inheritance ? :
Genes are inherited through the replication of DNA in the process of meiosis .
Half of our chromosomes are inherited from our mother and half from our father .
What is the role of DNA in protein production ? : DNA contains the genetic instructions for the production of proteins .
DNA is first transcribed into an RNA version of the DNA code ( RNA transcript ) .
This RNA message is then translated to produce proteins .
Proteins are involved in just about all cell functions and are key molecules in living cells .
More Fun With DNA
This model shows the double helix and nucleotide base structure of DNA .
The double helix is formed by two spiraling strands of sugar phosphates .
Nucleotide bases ( red , blue , yellow , green ) are arrayed along these strands .
LAWRENCE LAWRY / Getty Images
Constructing DNA models is a great way to learn about the structure of DNA , as well as DNA replication .
You can learn how to make DNA models out of everyday objects including cardboard and jewelry .
You can even learn how to make a DNA model using candy .
Anyone in northern Illinois could tell you that the recent earthquake was not normal .
Couple that fact with the dozens of earthquakes reported worldwide and we have an extremely extraordinary earthquake epidemic evolving .
Researchers and earthquake experts everywhere entertain the idea that the cause may not necessarily be the typical tectonic plate shift blamed for previous events .
Not only are their findings fascinating , but their predictions are even scarier than watching a Rob Schneider movie .
It ’s been warming up ever so slightly for those of us in the Northern Hemisphere .
Sure , the weather still sucks but how many of us have NOT taken our Mustangs out on the road recently ?
If you ’re like me , you drive yours pretty much all year long .
However , since the saturation of snow and salt started , my baby was parked more than normal .
Apparently this recent over - exposure of horsepower hitting the roads has caused quite a disturbance .
Scientist Ernest Logner explains , “ What do you expect the Earth to do when over 8 million Mustangs are concurrently hitting the streets , revving up their meaty motors and otherwise causing a nuisance ?
I ’ll tell you , my findings show it resulted in a rash of devastating earthquakes around the world .
These outlaws need to follow my lead , by a Prius and use it sparingly ! ”
Logner also issues a dark warning , “ April 12 - 17 , 2014 will probably be the last days on Earth .
Those are the dates of the 50th Anniversary Mustangs Across America drive .
Not only will the Stangheads come out in record numbers , but they will parade those earth - movers across the entire U.S. !
Are they out of their minds ? ”
There were 648 registered for the 2009 Mustangs Across America , and they expect over 1000 for the 2014 drive .
Funny how they screwed up the anniversary too .
Be there and make history , and enjoy your last days on Earth .
Related
Debatte Kaczynski-Tod : Einig im Schmerz
Gab Präsident Kaczynski den Befehl zur Landung seines Flugzeugs ?
Die Frage nach seinem Anteil am Unglück empfinden viele Polen als Angriff .
Man könnte glatt zur Verschwörungstheoretikerin werden .
Nicht etwa , weil man glauben müsste , dass die Russen beim Absturz der polnischen Tupolew 154 ihre Hände im Spiel gehabt haben könnten .
Auch nicht , weil sich hinter der Auslöschung polnischer Amts - und Würdenträger , die in unglaublicher Zahl an Bord waren , nur ein gezielter deutsch - russischer Anschlag vermuten ließe .
Nein , um solche pathologischen Erklärungen für das Unglück geht es nicht .
Aber man könnte fast einer rationalen Verschwörungstheorie anhängen , so laut ist das Schweigen , wenn es um die unmittelbare Unglücksursache geht .
Wieso wird über die Auswertung der Flugschreiber noch immer so wenig bekannt ?
Immerhin konnten diese schon am Samstag in brauchbarem Zustand geborgen werden .
Wieso gab es in Polen tagelang keine offiziellen Stellungnahmen dazu , keine öffentliche Debatte in den Medien ?
Ein zentrales Moment des Unglücks wird damit auf die Ebene der Gerüchte verwiesen .
Wir haben es also mit einem
Fall zu tun , wo das wirklich Obsessive , das Irrationale nicht in den Gerüchten , sondern in der Zurückweisung der Gerüchte liegt .
Denn bereits die Diskussion um die Frage nach Ursache und Schuld erleben viele Polen als Angriff .
Doch wenn der Pilot trotz eindringlicher Warnung der Bodenstation vor massiv eingeschränkter Sicht vier Mal zu landen versucht , dann steht die Frage im Raum , was ihn zu dieser Wahnsinnstat verleitet haben mag .
Die Vermutung liegt nahe , dass es dabei einen Zusammenhang mit seinem Vorgesetzten und dem Präsidenten gab , ob es sich nun um deren bloße Anwesenheit oder expliziten Druck handelte .
Woher rührt die massive Abwehr dieser bloßen Vermutung ?
Warum darf Lech Kaczynski keine Mitschuld an seinem schrecklichen Unfalltod ( und an dem der anderen Passagiere ) tragen .
Eine Antwort darauf liefert der sofort einsetzende Kult um den zu Lebzeiten durchaus umstrittenen Präsidenten .
Alle huldigen heute geschlossen dem einstigen Polarisierer .
Selbst Adam Michnik entschuldigt sich in der Gazeta Wyborcza für seine früheren " Fehleinschätzungen " des Präsidenten , den er nun als großen Patrioten würdigt .
Das lässt sich nicht allein mit der Pietätsforderung , über Tote nur Gutes zu sagen , erklären .
Lech Kaczynski repräsentiert heute das zentrale Moment des polnischen Selbstverständnisses :
Er ist ein tragischer Held .
Tragisch ist sein verfrühtes Ende , klar .
Aber wieso ist er ein Held ?
Nun , dies war keine Privatreise .
Kaczynski sowie alle anderen Funktionsträger an Bord fuhren als Amtsträger zum Opfergedenken nach Katyn .
Mittlerweile weiß wohl jeder , was es mit diesem
Ort auf sich hat .
Kaczynski und die Vertreter des offiziellen Polens fuhren quasi als " Rächer " der tausenden ermordeten polnischen Offiziere nach Russland , und Kaczynski hatte bekanntlich eine russenkritische Rede im Gepäck .
Darum ist er für viele Polen ein Held , denn er verstarb im Dienste der Nation , bei der Verteidigung des Vaterlandes .
Dies galt seit je als höchste Form des Patriotismus .
Opfermythos und Verklärung
Kaczynski habe sich für Polen geopfert , so lautet das Narrativ .
Dies ist die Erzählung , die viele Polen im Innersten ergreift .
Deshalb darf er auch keine Mitschuld - etwa durch einen unverantwortlichen Landebefehl - an seinem Ende tragen .
Und deshalb auch der Beisetzungsort auf der Burg Wawel , der Königen und Nationalhelden vorbehalten ist .
Wobei die nationale Erzählung " Opfer bringen " und " Opfer sein " umstandslos gleichsetzt .
Der tote Lech Kaczynski verkörpert dieses Opfer , diese Katastrophe .
Das wird besonders deutlich am - auch für Außenstehende - beklemmenden Bild des Bruders , der am Sarg seines Zwillings kniet .
Gerade weil dieser ( nahezu ) genauso aussieht wie der Verstorbene - der ja erst durch seinen
Tod diese allpolnische Dimension erlangt hat - , wird er zu einem gespenstischen Wiedergänger .
Man versteht , warum ihm bei den kommenden Präsidentschaftswahlen keine Chancen zugesprochen werden , denn er sieht genauso aus - und lebt !
( Wobei die Zwillingsähnlichkeit diesem polnischen " Nepotismus " immer schon eine eigene Note , um nicht zu sagen ein eigenes Gesicht , gegeben hat . )
Eine Nation erst in der Tragödie
Nun ist dieses ganze Amalgam eine Form des Nationalismus , den wir hierzulande nicht ( mehr ) kennen : ein stark religiös konnotierter Patriotismus , eine immense Bindung an eine mit mystischem Charakter ausgestattete Gemeinschaft .
Die polnische Besonderheit liegt nicht nur in dessen ungebrochener Lebendigkeit , sondern auch in der unglaublichen Betonung des Opfertums .
Polen als Vaterland , das Ganze des polnischen Volkes als Imagination entsteht gerade durchs Opfer .
Das sogenannte Polentum " lebt " durch den heldenhaften Untergang .
Es " lebt " in der Katastrophe .
Dem fernen Betrachter erscheint das paradox .
Ebenso unverständlich ist ihm der emotionale Ausnahmezustand , in dem sich das ganze Land seit Tagen befindet .
Natürlich trauert ein Land , wenn ein erheblicher Teil seiner politischen Elite verunglückt .
Natürlich geht das Mitgefühl über politische Differenzen hinweg .
Unverständlich wird es nur , wenn die nationale
Trauer zu einer tiefen persönlichen Betroffenheit eines ganzen Volkes wird ; wo die Anteilnahme der Staatsbürger zum privaten Mitleiden wird .
Man sehe sich nur die Gesichter der trauernden Polen an .
Viele Polen sähen dieses Unglück als symbolisches Zeichen , schrieb der polnischstämmige Autor Artur Becker - ein Zeichen , das sich rationalen Erklärungen seiner Ursache eben entzieht .
Die Polen erleben diese Katastrophe als eine zutiefst metaphysische Erfahrung .
Aber auch nüchternere Stimmen - etwa der Publizist Adam Krzeminski - sprechen von einer nationalen Totenmesse .
Ob es sich dabei wirklich um eine Läuterung handelt , wie Krzeminski im Radio meinte ( mit dem bezeichnenden Versprecher , eine " Läuterung über alle politischen Gräber hinweg " ) ?
Oder handelt es sich nicht eher um eine Bekräftigung des Kollektivs ?
Die Katastrophe vereint die Polen im Schmerz .
Aber kann daraus eine " geläuterte " Gesellschaft entstehen ?
In this chapter , learn the best practices for applying CSS with progressive enhancement , including a review of how to divide styles into basic and enhanced style sheets , and techniques to improve the accessibility , usability , and performance of styles .

Cascading Style Sheets ( CSS ) define the visual styling of a page and allow for a clean separation of presentation from content .
A range of advanced typography , visual effects , and sophisticated layouts are all possible with CSS .
Applied correctly , these styles can have a huge impact on both the aesthetic appeal and usability of a site .
One of the basic principles of progressive enhancement , and of modern coding practices in general , is to separate presentation from the markup by grouping all style rules into one or more external style sheets .
While writing all styles into an external style sheet is an essential best practice for progressive enhancement , on its own this practice does not guarantee a satisfying experience for all users .
Every browser will attempt to render any style sheet referenced on the page , regardless of whether or not it properly supports the CSS properties specified .
When rendered in capable devices , a style sheet can make a page easier to read or a workflow simpler to follow , but when rendered in browsers that only partially support CSS , it can make the experience confusing or unusable .
When we develop with progressive enhancement , we take the basic principle of separating presentation a step further : we separate styles into " safe " styles that can be served with the foundation markup to all browsers ( including those that only partially support CSS ) , and layer on more complex style enhancements and CSS techniques only after we 've tested the browser with our EnhanceJS testing suite and determined that a browser is capable of rendering them properly .
In this chapter , we 'll review the best practices we commonly employ when applying CSS with progressive enhancement , including a review of how to divide styles into basic and enhanced style sheets , and highlight techniques to improve the accessibility , usability , and performance of styles .
Applying CSS to the page
There are a number of CSS best practices that apply globally to both basic and enhanced experiences .
It 's essential to structure styles in external style sheets so they may be logically applied based on browser capabilities , to reference them properly , to target intelligently when appropriate , and to use meaningful naming conventions that characterize styles by their purpose or function rather than their visual characteristics .
Maintaining styles in external style sheets
The first step in maintaining clean separation between markup and styles is to reference all style rules in an external style sheet .
This best practice of separating styles from markup has been widely adopted by developers , and is important because :
It allows a page to be styled in many ways and easily changed because it does n't " bake in " a particular appearance
It simplifies maintenance by keeping all style rules in one place
It minimizes code weight by centralizing shared styles with common classes and IDs rather than repeating them multiple times in the markup
This approach is fundamentally different from the commonly used ( but frequently problematic ) practice of writing styles inline — for instance , assigning styles to specific elements in the markup with the style attribute ( e.g. , style = " padding : 5 px " ) , or in a style block in the page .
Inline styles introduce a number of challenges :
They can't be reused across multiple elements on a page or website , meaning inline styles must be duplicated in every place they 're needed .
They are difficult to maintain and update , because they 're embedded within the - content of HTML , rather than being stored in a single external location .
Long term , this becomes a maintenance headache , especially if a design changes in any significant way .
They wo n't be controlled by style rules referenced in external CSS .
Even if global styles are maintained externally , each instance of an inline style rule in the markup will override any global external styles .
Styles served with markup will be rendered by the browser , even if they are not fully supported .
Not all browsers handle CSS the same way , or even fully support all CSS2 properties , so in some situations an inline style may render content unusable .
Even in situations where a style is used only once or twice throughout a site , we still recommend listing it in an external style sheet along with all other style rules for the site .
When it 's OK to use inline styles : A few exceptions
There are a few very specific cases in advanced UI design where we 've found inline styles to be necessary : dynamically positioning elements on the screen , animating elements ' style properties , and creating CSS - based charts .
For instance , if you need to center a modal dialog in the screen or iterate the opacity of an element to create a fade transition , it 's not practical to create a class for every possible set of position coordinates or for every increment of animated movement .
In these cases , it makes sense to use JavaScript to apply a style attribute and modify CSS properties on the fly .
We also use inline dimensions to create pure CSS - based charts by styling an element with a percentage width or height for each bar in a chart .
That said , we recommend keeping these inline style rules to an absolute minimum , and using externally referenced CSS for visual presentation whenever possible .
Linking to external style sheets
When we start coding a project , one of the first things we do is create an external style sheet that will house all style rules for the foundation markup , and reference it in the page head :
< link type =" text /css " rel=" stylesheet " href= " basic.css " />
A valid style - sheet link contains the following attributes :
type specifies the content type for the server to interpret ( for style sheets , it should always be text / css )
specifies the content type for the server to interpret ( for style sheets , it should always be ) rel states the relationship of the linked resource to the HTML document ( stylesheet )
states the relationship of the linked resource to the HTML document ( ) href contains a relative or absolute path to the CSS file
According to the HTML 4 spec , the link element is valid only when listed in the document head , but there 's a more important reason to always list it there : any resources listed in the head are loaded before elements in the body .
In other words , placing the link element in the head puts styles in place before the page content shows up , so that when it does , it is styled appropriately .
Referencing style sheets elsewhere in the page increases the likelihood that the page will load as unstyled HTML , and users will see one or multiple steps of design transformation as styles load — often a suboptimal user experience .
You can also reference multiple style sheets within a single page .
When doing so , keep in mind that each style sheet referenced on a page will require a separate HTTP request to the server , and the browser will load every style sheet referenced within the head section of the HTML page before displaying the page content .
For these reasons , we recommend combining CSS into the smallest number of files possible .
Referencing with @import — more risk than reward Some developers prefer the @import notation to reference external style sheets within style tags or another style sheet alongside other CSS selectors .
It 's often used to organize multiple style sheets and manage dependencies .
For example , a few @import rules could organize all of the styles for screen presentation within a master style sheet that 's referenced on the page : @import url( screen - global.css ) ; @import url( screen-article-formatting.css ) ; @import url( screen-admin-tools.css ) ;
While this may seem like an efficient way to organize CSS files , @import may actually slow down the page loading process .
Each @import reference requires a separate , full HTTP request from the browser to the server .
In addition , @import requests are made asynchronously , meaning the browser will not wait for these requests to load before rendering page content .
This approach increases the likelihood that as the page starts to load , users will see plain , unstyled HTML before the styles fully load into place .
For these reasons , we recommend bypassing this method for referencing style sheets , and instead using link tags and the smallest number of files possible .
Targeting particular media types
By default , style sheets referenced with the link element are applied to all media formats , including standard computer screens , mobile devices , and printers .
To flag a style sheet so that it applies only to a particular format , use the media attribute of the link element to apply one or more media types ( separating multiple values with commas ) .
For example , this style sheet will apply formatting to print output only :
< link type =" text / css " rel=" stylesheet " href= " basic.css " media= " print " />
Media types can also be specified for individual blocks of CSS within a style sheet , to target a few style exceptions to a particular type within a style sheet that applies to a broader range of formats :
@media print { h1 { font - size : 16pt ; } h2 { font - size : 14pt ; } h3 { font - size : 12pt ; } #navigation , #advertisement { display : none ; } }
The HTML specification lists a number of media types to choose from , three of which apply to websites and applications :
screen renders all associated styles in browsers on standard computer screens
renders all associated styles in browsers on standard computer screens print applies formatting for printer output , where layouts are typically set in points and inches , and dimensions are often based on paper sizes
applies formatting for printer output , where layouts are typically set in points and inches , and dimensions are often based on paper sizes handheld applies styles to handheld devices with presumably low bandwidth connections , smaller screens , and limited graphics capabilities
Of these , the handheld media type is , unfortunately , the least reliable .
As of this writing , few mobile browsers actually obey this media type and parse styles accordingly .
The best way to ensure that appropriate styles are served to mobile devices is to develop with test - driven progressive enhancement to ensure that low - bandwidth , low - capability devices are served a usable experience .
Using meaningful naming conventions
When naming classes and IDs , we recommend using names that describe the content 's purpose or role in the content hierarchy , not how it 's presented on the screen .
Think of classes and IDs as an extension of semantic markup — does the name accurately categorize and identify the content within ?
Choosing meaningful naming conventions is a best practice when developing with progressive enhancement for a couple reasons :
An element labeled with a class or ID may be styled differently in the basic and enhanced experiences .
For example , a column of text in the basic site may be pulled into a modal dialog in the enhanced version .
Naming that content according to its purpose provides a logically described hook for applying both safe and enhanced styles , as well as for applying interactivity with JavaScript .
Visual design can change , even within a single development cycle .
For example , a left navigation bar may be moved to the top or the right side of the page , in which case an ID of left - nav no longer makes sense .
It 's better instead to use a name that describes the purpose of the navigation , such as primary - nav or secondary - nav .
This point is particularly relevant when CSS may be maintained or extended by multiple developers .
As a professional services firm , 90 % of the code we write is handed off to clients or provided as open source code to the public .
As such , the naming conventions we use should make sense to developers who were not part of the initial build process .
Keeping names simple and purposeful , and avoiding cryptic acronyms or jargon that 's known only among members of a development team , strengthens the code throughout the life cycle of a project .
The Caesarean section rate in the United States reached 32 percent in 2007 , the country ’s highest rate ever , health officials are reporting .
The rate has been climbing steadily since 1996 , setting records year after year , and Caesarean section has become the most common operation in American hospitals .
About 1.4 million Caesareans were performed in 2007 , the latest year for which figures are available .
The increases — documented in a report published Tuesday — have caused debate and concern for years .
When needed , a Caesarean can save the mother and her child from injury or death , but most experts doubt that one in three women need surgery to give birth .
Critics say the operation is being performed too often , needlessly exposing women and babies to the risks of major surgery .
The ideal rate is not known , but the World Health Organization and health agencies in the United States have suggested 15 percent .
The continuing rise “ is not going to be good for anybody , ” said Dr. George A. Macones , the chairman of obstetrics and gynecology at Washington University in St. Louis and a spokesman for the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists .
“ What we ’re worried about is , the Caesarean section rate is going up , but we ’re not improving the health of babies being delivered or of moms . ”
Re : Guile in Emacs ( was : integer overflow )
From : Thomas Lord Subject : Re : Guile in Emacs ( was : integer overflow ) Date : Mon , 12 Apr 2010 13:05:39 - 0700
On Mon , 2010 - 04 - 12 at 08:30 - 0400 , Richard Stallman wrote : >
When I read about Sun 's plan to make TCL the universal scripting > language , I decided to oppose that .
The plan I chose was to implement >
Scheme and support other scripting languages by translation into Scheme . >
Guile is the program I chose to adopt to do this with .
That plan > is what I am talking about .
> >
Whatever history that code had before its adoption for this plan > is not what I am talking about .
Sure .
In one sense it was just your use of the word " original " as in " original goal " that I was objecting too .
Yet , there is another aspect of this which I think is relevant to " Guile in Emacs " and to your notion of supporting other scripting languages -- otherwise I would n't harp on it :
In those early days of Guile , after your decision , those of us closer to the project discussed at considerable length how exactly to support Tcl , Emacs lisp , and other languages .
Not just how to be able to run programs in those languages but how to integrate them into a cohesive environment .
In each and every case we discovered devils in the details and realized " Well , we can 't . "
We could make a TCL - like language that could run many simple TCL programs but that would not be upward compatible - and have that TCL - like language nicely integrated with the larger environment .
We could make an Emacs Lisp style of environment that could run some Emacs Lisp code directly but that would not be upwards compatible - and have that alternative Emacs Lisp nicely integrated with the larger environment .
But we absolutely could not , for fundamental reasons , directly support Tcl and Emacs Lisp with fidelity and wind up with a sane programming environment .
We realized that pretty quickly and tried ( but failed ) to convey to you this notion that we could not promise to seamlessly integrate those other languages - but that we could offer a reasonable compromise .
It was always an oversimplifying exaggeration to say that Guile would support all of those other languages in any strong sense of the word " support " .
We could offer alternative syntaxes .
We could offer environments with simplified evaluation models and more flexible types .
We could give people the * feel* of Tcl or Python or Emacs Lisp but there was no point in trying to faithfully reimplement those languages in detail .
We failed miserably at communicating that distinction , apparently .
There was some momentary political convenience , back then , around the burning question of which scripting language would " win " and take over the world .
Would Tcl become the ubiquitous scripting language ?
Python ?
It was an easy story to tell that Guile somehow transcended the question for it could be both Tcl * and * Python ( * and* Scheme ) depending solely on user preference .
But it was clear at the technical level that really Guile could only be Scheme , pure and simple , although perhaps offering a Tcl - * like * environment and a Python - * like * environment .
We - meaning you , me , and several others - were sloppy back then about making that distinction clear .
If anything remains of the shared * technical * vision of a complete GNU system that is lisp - centric with many extensible , self - documenting programs -- and if sentiment remains that Scheme is a fine choice for extension language -- then I mainly hope that people pursuing that vision today wo n't go down the same rat - hole that caught us up back then .
" I , alone , survive to tell the tale ... " .
If you want a half - decent Scheme as your core extension language then * make that work first * and do n't worry so much about compatibility with legacy code in those other languages .
There are no good answers about how to cleanly integrate Emacs Lisp and other languages with Scheme at that level .
People have thought about for , what , something over 15 years now and the ones thinking about it today are getting stuck going over the very same questions people got stuck on 15 years ago .
Meanwhile , with all the ( often interesting and skilled - admirable ) work that has gone down that rat - hole in those years , a thoroughly Scheme - based but not upwards compatible Emacs could have been casually produced by , say , 10 or 12 years ago .
Coulda' Shoulda' Woulda ' but Didn't , as the saying goes .
I just hope that the next 10 years of GNU generally and Emacs specifically is n't going to be tied down to the historic baggage of the " Tcl Wars " and the misunderstandings it provoked .
Someone -- that is to say " someone " -- should just rip Emacs Lisp out of the C part of GNU Emacs , bind the best parts of that stuff to Guile , and start * there * .
It 's not a small job but it 's also not a " more than a decade " job .
It could have been started much more than a decade ago .
It 'd be , in my view , a giant leap back towards the vision of a GNU system that was shared among several key GNU hackers back in the early 1990s and earlier .
And it'd be , in my view , technically sane in comparison to some more popular alternatives like trying to support Emacs Lisp in detail .
I 'm done .
I 've said my piece .
-t
The man in this picture was first to the Moon , some pupils believe One in 10 children thinks the Queen invented the telephone , a survey of children 's science knowledge suggests .
Others gave credit for the invention to Charles Darwin and Noel Edmonds .
A fifth of the 1,000 primary and secondary pupils polled thought Star Wars character Luke Skywalker or Richard Branson was first on the moon .
Some 60 % of nine and 10 - year - olds thought Sir Isaac Newton discovered fire , the survey for science campaign Birmingham Science City found .
Despite these misconceptions , more children want to win a Nobel prize for science than the X Factor .
The survey of primary and secondary school children in the UK suggests there is some confusion about key scientific achievements .
Some of these findings will raise a smile
Dr Pam Waddell
Birmingham Science City Just under a half of boys ( 49 % ) correctly pinned down gravity as Newton 's ground - breaking discovery , compared with 76 % of girls .
Just over a third of boys said Newton discovered fire , while the remaining 16 % either said he invented the internet , or discovered the solar system or America .
Eight out of 10 boys correctly identified Alexander Graham Bell as the inventor of the telephone , compared with 69 % of girls .
Dr Pam Waddell from Birmingham Science City said : " While some of these findings will raise a smile , it suggests that school children are n't tuned into our scientific heroes in the same way that they might be to sporting or music legends . "
She suggested it was clear that primary school children had a real interest in science .
" In fact , nearly 70 % of nine and 10 - year - olds would like to be famous for winning a Nobel Prize in science , yet this drops to only 33 % among 11 to 15 - year - olds .
" It appears children are losing an interest in science at secondary school , so more needs to be done to excite teenagers about the subject and rekindle some of their early childhood aspirations , " she added .
The poll was carried out online with a panel of 1,000 UK children in early March by OnePoll .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Washington ( CNN ) --
Several environmentalists expressed disappointment and dismay Wednesday over President Obama 's decision to open key Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico waters to oil and gas drilling .
" I 'm extremely disappointed , " said David Rauschkolb , a Florida restaurant owner who organized anti-drilling rallies last month at several Gulf Coast beaches .
" Florida 's legacy is clean water , clean beaches , sunshine and tourism .
Every oil rig is a threat to tourism and coastal well - being .
...
All it takes is one spill . "
One leading critic of offshore drilling , New Jersey Democratic Sen. Frank Lautenberg , vowed to fight Obama 's plan .
Drilling off the mid-Atlantic coast will endanger many of his home state 's beaches and coastal economies , Lautenberg said .
" An oil spill could create severe damage to coastal areas up to 500 miles from the location of the spill , " he warned .
But Florida Democratic Sen. Bill Nelson -- generally an opponent of offshore drilling near his state -- said Obama 's plan was a step in the right direction compared to other proposals under consideration .
The president 's plan would prevent drilling within 125 miles of the Florida coastline ; an alternative proposal being pushed in the Florida legislature would allow drilling within 3 miles of the coast .
" I 've talked many times to [ Interior Department ] Secretary [ Ken ] Salazar and told him if they drilled too close to Florida 's beaches they'd be risking the state 's economy and the environment , " Nelson said .
" I believe this plan shows they heeded that concern . "
Wesley Warren , a director at the Washington - based Natural Resources Defense Council , told CNN there are both positive and negative aspects to the president 's plan .
" We disagree with the proposals for the outer continental shelf [ in the Atlantic ] that open the door for development , " he said .
But , he quickly added , he 's pleased that the White House has withdrawn from consideration environmentally sensitive areas on the West Coast -- including Alaska 's Bristol Bay .
Warren said he's not surprised by the president 's move , recalling that " as a candidate he said he would consider greater development . "
Warren recommended , however , that the White House shift its focus .
" We would urge [ the administration to ] direct attention to real clean - energy solutions , including finalizing clean - fuel standards and developing renewable energy sources . "
Because the president 's proposal would open Atlantic coastal waters to drilling , Warren believes the plan " should be subjected to more extensive study of the environmental and economic risks . "
A climate change group founded by former Vice President Al Gore in 2006 was sharply critical of the president 's plan .
It " continues our reliance on dirty fossil fuels , we cannot simply drill our way to energy security , " said Maggie Fox , president of the Alliance for Climate Protection .
But another environmental organization said Obama 's plan could boost support for passage of a climate change bill in Congress .
" Now it 's time for supporters of new drilling ... to step forward and support comprehensive legislation -- including a limit on carbon pollution , " said Steve Cochran , climate campaign director for the Environmental Defense Fund .
Rauschkolb , a self - described beach lover who has surfed for 33 years , said he 's certain the president 's pronouncement wo n't be the last word .
" It does n't make sense , " he said .
Rauschkolb told CNN he 's working with fellow environmentalists to mount a June protest in Virginia Beach , Virginia .
メモ。
$ curl http://localhost : 3000 /users.xml $ curl http://localhost : 3000 /users /3.xml $ curl http://localhost : 3000 /users -X POST -d " user [ name ] =postman " -d " user [ age ] =19 " $ curl http://localhost : 3000 /users / 4 -X PUT -d " user [ name ] =putman " -d " user [ age ] =20 " $ curl http://localhost : 3000 /users / 5 -X DELETE
POST やPUTのデータにXMLを渡すにはどうしたらいいんだっけ？昔やった記憶があるんだけどなぁ。
The highest - resolution - yet temperature map and images of Saturn 's icy moon Mimas obtained by NASA 's Cassini spacecraft reveal surprising patterns on the surface of the small moon , including unexpected hot regions that resemble " Pac - Man " eating a dot , and striking bands of light and dark in crater walls .
" Other moons usually grab the spotlight , but it turns out Mimas is more bizarre than we thought it was , " said Linda Spilker , Cassini project scientist at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif .
" It has certainly given us some new puzzles . "
Cassini collected the data on Feb. 13 , during its closest flyby of the moon , which is marked by an enormous scar called Herschel Crater and resembles the Death Star from " Star Wars . "
Scientists working with the composite infrared spectrometer , which mapped Mimas ' temperatures , expected smoothly varying temperatures peaking in the early afternoon near the equator .
Instead , the warmest region was in the morning , along one edge of the moon 's disk , making a sharply defined Pac - Man shape , with temperatures around 92 Kelvin ( minus 294 degrees Fahrenheit ) .
The rest of the moon was much colder , around 77 Kelvin ( minus 320 degrees Fahrenheit ) .
A smaller warm spot -- the dot in Pac - Man 's mouth -- showed up around Herschel , with a temperature around 84 Kelvin ( minus 310 degrees Fahrenheit ) .
The warm spot around Herschel makes sense because tall crater walls ( about 5 kilometers , or 3 miles , high ) can trap heat inside the crater .
But scientists were completely baffled by the sharp , V - shaped pattern .
" We suspect the temperatures are revealing differences in texture on the surface , " said John Spencer , a Cassini composite infrared spectrometer team member based at Southwest Research Institute in Boulder , Colo .
" It 's maybe something like the difference between old , dense snow and freshly fallen powder . "
Denser ice quickly conducts the heat of the sun away from the surface , keeping it cold during the day .
Powdery ice is more insulating and traps the sun 's heat at the surface , so the surface warms up .
Even if surface texture variations are to blame , scientists are still trying to figure out why there are such sharp boundaries between the regions , Spencer said .
It is possible that the impact that created Herschel Crater melted surface ice and spread water across the moon .
That liquid may have flash - frozen into a hard surface .
But it is hard to understand why this dense top layer would remain intact when meteorites and other space debris should have pulverized it by now , Spencer said .
Icy spray from the E ring , one of Saturn 's outer rings , should also keep Mimas relatively light - colored , but the new visible - light images from the flyby paint a picture of surprising contrasts .
Cassini imaging team scientists did n't expect to see dark streaks trailing down the bright crater walls or a continuous , narrow pile of concentrated dark debris tracing the foot of each wall .
The pattern may appear because of the way the surface of Mimas ages , said Paul Helfenstein , a Cassini imaging team associate based at Cornell University , Ithaca , N.Y .
Over time , the moon 's surface appears to accumulate a thin veil of silicate minerals or carbon - rich particles , possibly because of meteor dust falling onto the moon , or impurities already embedded in surface ice .
As the sun 's warming rays and the vacuum of space evaporate the brighter ice , the darker material is concentrated and left behind .
Gravity pulls the dark material down the crater walls , exposing fresh ice underneath .
Although similar effects are seen on other moons of Saturn , the visibility of these contrasts on a moon continually re-paved with small particles from the E ring helps scientists estimate rates of change on other satellites .
" These processes are not unique to Mimas , but the new high - definition images are like Rosetta stones for interpreting them , " Helfenstein said .

Gain An Edge In Business
You have to be well liked , respected , and appreciated in order to succeed in the business world .
No matter what career you are trying to build , you can always use the allure of the best pheromones when trying to get that big raise , get hired for a new job , or convince a client that your products are the solution to all of their problems .
The AoC says many courses in vocational skills are at risk Further education colleges in England are calling on Chancellor Alistair Darling to protect adult students from cuts in his budget on Wednesday .
The colleges say they face a £ 200 m cut in funding for adults , and that courses could close as a result .
Institutions face an average budget cut of 16 % for adult learning , suggests a survey by the Association of Colleges .
The government says it will spend more than £ 3.5 bn on further education and skills in 2010 - 11 .
That figure will help an estimated 3.4 million adults receive relevant training , officials say .
Forty - three of the 162 colleges surveyed by the association said their budgets for adult learning were being cut by 25 % in the next academic year .
The group says the cuts could lead to course closures and hundreds of students being turned away .
It says courses affected include brick - laying , catering and plumbing , as well as basic literacy and numeracy and A - levels and GCSEs for adults .
Cutting courses that are so essential to our recovery is a false economy
Julian Gravatt , Association of Colleges Julian Gravatt , Association of Colleges assistant chief executive , said : " We are calling on the chancellor to help protect these courses and the students they serve .
" We know that the Treasury is under significant pressure to further curtail public spending , but cutting courses that are so essential to our recovery is a false economy . "
The government is committed to making £ 340 m of efficiency savings across further education and skills for the financial year 2010 - 11 .
In a Skills Strategy document released in November , Business Secretary Lord Mandelson said despite these " efficiencies " , investment in adult skills participation would increase by 3 % .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But further education colleges would need to deliver better value for money and realise efficiencies , he said , " to continue to deliver high quality training to meet the needs of learners and employers at a time when public finances are under pressure " .
Value for money Government investment in colleges for post - 16 learning increased by 57 % in real terms between 1997 and 2008 , officials say .
A spokesman for the Department for Business , Innovation and Skills said : " It is more important than ever before that our investment in skills is smart and we must focus on improving value for money by purchasing only high quality training and by maximising the contribution towards training from businesses and individuals where they see the highest private returns .
" Over £ 3.5 bn funding for further education and skills in 2010 - 11 will support an estimated 3.4 million adults accessing high quality , relevant training , to help them into sustainable employment , and to support the current workforce as they develop skills for future growth .
" As recognised in the Association of Colleges report , funding through the Adult Learner Responsive budget is only part of the overall public income that colleges receive . "
Alan Tuckett , chief executive of the National Institute of Adult Continuing Education , has urged the Chancellor to recognise the importance of adult students .
" In a society facing the challenge of an ageing demography , keeping and skilling older people at work is as important as offering chances to young people .
We need to create a knowledge - based economy where the capacity to learn is critical , and given the government 's ambitions for further and higher education , these short - sighted cuts beggar belief . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Theres no more booze in this speakeasy , at least not any thats drinkable .
The Museum of the American Gangster , which opened its Prohibition - era doors for previews yesterday in lower Manhattan , features a bevy of era-appropriate artifacts .
They range from bottles of vintage whiskey proclaiming no government additives to an old Appalachian copper still to classic Tommy guns .
The museum 's press tour began in the old Theater 80 space on St. Marks , the entrance to which is a tad more accessible now than during the Prohibition - era .
During the earlier time period , drink - seekers had to sneak through an alley into a secret door that took bootleggers , hustlers , thugs and gangsters into the speakeasy .
Guided by museum co-owner and curator Lorcan Otway into the first room , he likened the history of the United States to pendulum swinging between moral certainty and liberty , and included significant events like Samuel Adams objecting to the sugar tax in 1770 and Isaac Hoppers formation of the underground railroad in 1787 .
Next , Otway demonstrated how the copper still was used in Appalachia to distill whiskey and other liquors .
When gangster Walter Scheib ran it in the 1920s he disregarded the 18th Amendment that banned alcohol .
Instead , patrons sipped smuggled liquor around the horseshoe shaped bar , which according Otway , was once the longest bar in the city .
Only half of the Philippine mahogany bar is still preserved in the museum .
The other half , depending on who in the museum is telling the story , was misplaced or disappeared .
Climate scientists have delivered a powerful riposte to their sceptical critics with a study that strengthens the case for saying global warming is largely the result of man-made emissions of greenhouse gases .
The researchers found that no other possible natural phenomenon , such as volcanic eruptions or variations in the activity of the Sun , could explain the significant warming of the planet over the past half century as recorded on every continent including Antarctica .
It is only when the warming effect of emitting millions of tonnes of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere from human activity is considered that it is possible to explain why global average temperatures have risen so significantly since the middle of the 20th century .
The study updates a 2007 report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and has discovered several new elements of the global climate which have been influenced by humans , such as an increasing amount of water vapour evaporating from the warmer oceans into the atmosphere and a corresponding increase in the saltiness of the sea .
" There is an increasingly remote possibility that climate change is dominated by natural rather than anthropogenic [ man - made ] factors , " the scientists concluded in their study , published in the journal Wiley Interdisciplinary Reviews of Climate Change .
Scientific observations based on temperature recordings on every continent , as well as thermometer readings on , in and above the oceans , leave " little room for doubt " that the earth is warming , but trying to attribute a cause for this global warming is not possible unless man-made activity in the form of carbon dioxide emissions is taken into account , the scientists said .
The review , led by Peter Stott of the Met Office Hadley Centre in Exeter , found the " fingerprints " of human activity on many different aspects of climate change , including the overall warming of the Antarctic recently documented for the first time by other researchers .
" The observations can not be explained by natural factors , " Dr Stott said .
Since 1980 , the Earth has warmed by about 0.5C and is now warming at a rate of about 0.16 C per decade , with even higher rates at higher latitudes such as in the Arctic .
" The fingerprint of human influence has been detected in many different aspects of observed climate change .
We 've seen it in temperature , and increases in atmospheric humidity , we 've seen it in salinity changes .
We 've seen it in reductions in Arctic sea ice and changing rainfall patterns , " Dr Stott said .
" What we see here are observations consistent with a warming world .
This wealth of evidence we have now shows there is an increasingly remote possibility of climate change being dominated by natural factors rather than human factors . "
He dismissed suggestions that variations in solar activity – the intensity of the Sun – could explain warming patterns over the past few decades .
If the Sun was responsible then both the upper and lower atmosphere would be getting warmer , instead of just the lower atmosphere as predicted by computer models of greenhouse gas warming .
He also said that more water vapour is evaporating into the atmosphere as a result of warmer oceans and this is driving the water cycle harder , causing wetter areas in northern latitudes such as Britain to get wetter and drier areas in tropical regions such as East Africa to get drier .
Ricky Gervais has revealed he turned down a bank 's £ 1 million offer for a corporate gig , calling the sum " disgusting " .
The actor and comedian is busy promoting his new film Cemetery Junction but says he had no desire to perform half way across the world .
Gervais said : " I was offered a million pounds to do 40 minutes at a Hong Kong bank .
I said , ' No ' . "
The comedian was n't impressed and refused the offer .
The 48 - year - old told Newsbeat the bank then proposed a private jet to fly him to Hong Kong , but he turned that down too , telling them it was too far to travel .
Gervais ' latest feature film , written and directed with comedy partner Stephen Merchant , is in cinemas now .
The movie is a coming - of - age drama set in the 1970s and features three relatively unknown actors ( Christian Cooke , Tom Hughes and Jack Doolan ) in the lead roles .
Ricky said : " We think that we 've found some future stars , " but then joked " and we have 50 % of their wages until they 're 60 . "
Laughing , Ricky continued : " It 's the same contract Steve Carrell signed when he did The American Office .
I mean he 's kicking himself now , but just think about what you sign kids . "
128 SHARES Share Tweet
An overwhelming majority of American voters now believe that the United States could experience a total economic collapse .
According to the latest Fox News poll , 79 percent of U.S. voters believe “ it ’s possible the nation ’s economy could collapse ” , and the poll found that this belief in the fragility of the American economy cuts across the entire political spectrum .
The truth is that the American people , at least on some level , know that a day of reckoning is at hand .
For decades , America has been enjoying the biggest party in the history of the world , but unfortunately that party was fueled by a gigantic mountain of debt , and now the bills are starting to come due .
Unfortunately for those trying to do something about this economic mess , the American people are starting to realize that the U.S. economy is now basically a house of cards , and that could lead to massive financial panic when things really start to fall apart .
Normally when a poll is taken , you can see big differences in the responses based on the party affiliation of those being surveyed .
But in this poll everyone seems to agree – the U.S. economy could experience a complete and total collapse .
Not only did the poll find that 84 percent of Republicans believe the U.S. economy could fall apart , 80 percent of Independents did as well , as did 72 percent of Democrats .
Only 18 percent of the respondents to the survey believed that the economy is “ so big and strong it could never collapse . ”
It is very rare these days when a large majority of the American people will agree on something .
But unfortunately , they are completely and totally correct .
The U.S. economy is in a death spiral .
So how in the world did we get here ?
The answer can be summed up in one word .
Debt .
The United States has piled up household , corporate and government debt at a pace that is mind blowing .
Once upon a time , the United States was the wealthiest nation in the history of the world .
But that was not enough for us .
We had to have more .
So we went out and squandered the wealth of this nation but that was n’t enough either .
So we started spending hundreds of billions and then trillions of dollars that belong to future generations .
All of this to fuel the greatest party the world has ever seen .
And it has been a great party .
But you can turn out the lights because the party is almost over .
It is very easy to blame the U.S. government for getting into so much debt , but they are not the only ones who have been piling up debt at an insane pace .
In fact , millions of individual Americans have been living beyond their means for decades .
Just check out the chart below which shows the growth of household debt since the mid-1960s ….
Now tens of millions of Americans are massively overextended and are crying to the U.S. government for help .
But nobody forced them to get mortgages that they could n’t afford .
Nobody forced them to max out their credit cards .
Nobody forced them to fill up their garages with luxury vehicles .
In large part , we did this to ourselves .
U.S. credit card debt per household only crossed the $ 1,000 threshold in the mid-1980s .
Now it is over $ 8,000 per household … .
But the corporate world should shoulder plenty of the blame as well .
Corporate debt has been exploding at an exponential rate while profits have remained relatively flat .
There is no way that this ratio of corporate debt to profits is sustainable ….
And of course the biggest culprit of all is the U.S. government .
They have piled up the biggest mountain of debt in the history of the world , but are we not at fault for continuing to elect leaders who keep putting us into so much debt ?
However , there are some signs that the American people are starting to wake up about this .
According to the Fox News poll , by a nearly three - to - one margin , voters believe that the national debt ( 65 percent ) is a greater threat to America ’s future than terrorism is ( 23 percent ) .
So will this change anything when the next elections come around ?
We will see .
Meanwhile , the damage has already been done .
The U.S. Congress recently approved an increase in the federal government debt cap to 14.3 trillion dollars .
In 2010 , the United States government is projected to issue almost as much new debt as the rest of the governments of the world combined .
Thanks to the horrifyingly bad management of our finances by our nation ’s leaders , the legacy that we are leaving to future generations is the biggest mountain of debt that humanity has ever seen … .
Unfortunately , instead of learning from the past and trying to reduce debt , the U.S. government just keeps spending money and piling up debt faster and faster .
But if they stop all of this reckless spending the U.S. economy could plunge right into a depression of unprecedented magnitude and pretty much everyone would be voted out of office .
But if they keep on with all of this reckless spending the long - term consequences will be catastrophic beyond anything that any of us can even imagine .
Either way , this thing is going to end really , really badly .
Whether you want to face it or not , there is no economic future for the United States under the current system .
Enjoy things while they are still relatively good , because this is as good as things are going to get .
Incredibly hard times are coming and we all need to start getting ready .
West Television Perth
Formed in 1994 CTV was a pioneer in community television in Western Australia .
From small beginnings , this not for profit , member based television production service has successfully grown and now broadcasts a wide range of both local and international programmes made with the community , for the community !
Image by Kotaku.com
The hardware specifications for the components in the XBox 360 or Playstation 3 may not have changed since launch day , but semiconductor manufacturing has advanced significantly .
Supposedly leaked photos of a new XBox 360 motherboard indicate that Microsoft could be poised to take advantage of that fact .
If the image is real ( and it might not be ) , Microsoft has redesigned the XBox 's motherboard from the ground up .
Above we have the leaked photo , below we have the XBox 360 motherboard as its more - or - less appeared to date .
The major difference between the two is the position of the GPU .
We 've known Microsoft was working on a combined - package for the CPU +GPU for awhile ; the jump appears to have substantially cut the necessary motherboard size .
Note that this marriage of CPU and GPU is often inaccurately referred to as ' on - die . '
IBM has almost certainly opted for an ' on-package ' approach in which distinct physical chips sit side by side .
This is the same approach Intel currently uses for its Core i3 / i5 processors .
There 's always the risk that bringing the two parts closer together could create heat problems ( again ) , but the chances of that happening are small .
Both the Xenon CPU and ATI 's Xenos GPU will be built on a 45nm process and will consequently generate much less heat than the original XBox 360 , in which both parts were built on 90nm technology .
Unit power consumption ( and fan noise ) should both drop as well , but it 's too early to predict how much .
It 's possible that we 'll see a new XBox Slim debut simultaneously with Project Natal when Microsoft launches it later this year .
Company and federal officials said they believed last week 's theft of identity data on 3.3 million people with student loans was the largest - ever breach of such information and could affect as many as 5 % of all federal student - loan borrowers .
Names , addresses , Social Security numbers and other personal data on borrowers were stolen from the St. Paul , Minn. , headquarters of Educational Credit Management Corp. , a nonprofit guarantor of federal student loans , during the weekend of March 20 - 21 , according to the company .
ECMC ...
Superheroism 101
Welcome to the Claremont Academy , hero ... here 's hoping you survive the experience !
Freedom City 's prestigious Claremont Academy is a training ground for a new generation of superheroes .
Now you have the opportunity to follow along and take part as Claremont 's newest student arrives at its hallowed halls .
The Mutants & Masterminds Beginner 's Guide walks newcomers to the game through all the steps of creating and playing their own heroes with the Worlds Greatest Superhero RPG .
It includes basic , stripped - down game systems to get a feel for the game along with a narrative adventure to experience game - play all on your own .
Then you can try playing with friends as you all get into the game .
Just like graduating from Claremont Academy , the Beginner 's Guide will ensure you 're ready to become a full - fledged hero !
In this Guide , you will find :
A quick introduction to roleplaying games in general and Mutants & Masterminds in particular .
in particular .
Basic rules for playing the game , explained step - by - step .
The solo adventure Into the Doom Room , where you play Firepower , the newest student at Claremont Academy , as he tests his newfound powers .
Complete character sheets for Firepower and five of his Academy classmates , with detailed explanations of their capabilities in game terms .
The short group adventure Super - School Slugfest !
Play one of the superhero students in a training session in the Doom Room : play against other players and against the systems of the Doom Room itself .
If you 've ever thought about trying a roleplaying game , now 's your chance !
The Mutants & Masterminds Beginner 's Guide opens up whole new worlds of adventure .
Are You Ready to Be a Hero ?
Edition Credits : Design & Development : Steve KensonProofreading : Evan SassGraphic Design : Hal MangoldCover Art : Kevin StokesExecutive Producer : Chris PramasArt Direction : Hal MangoldInterior Art : Scott James , Tony Parker , Ramon k Perez , Studio Revolver , Kevin Stokes , Udon featuring Chris StevensGreen Ronin Staff : Chris Pramas , Nicole Lindroos , Hal Mangold , Steve Kenson , Evan Sass , Robert J. " Dr. Evil " Schwalb , Marc Schmalz , jim pinto , and Bill BoddenPDF Features : Bookmarked Created from digital source files - not a scanned PDFGold Vendor Updates * Best with Adobe Acrobat Reader 6 or later
* If this edition of the publication is updated due to the discovery and correction of typos or errata , you will get a free download of the corrected edition .
The latest electronic component news from the world ’s leading component distributors and manufacturers .
Electropages is a cutting edge platform that provides the latest electronics news about the global electronics components industry .
Engineers and electronics companies rely on our news service because we ’re amongst the first to bring you updates on the latest electronics technology .
Update 8 March 2010 , 7.53 pm Pacific Time :
Many have reported that the prices are back to normal when they are on the product page .
I 've removed all the Amazon links for books that went back to the normal prices .
But the list is still up if you want to reminisce .
The Death of Captain America Omnibus for only $ 8.24 ?
Amazon 's also pricing some comics at very attractive price .
So attractive I 'm beginning to think that this is a major pricing error .
But hey , I might be wrong .
Check out the deals below .
Here are some comics I uncovered , and compared with other sites like Barnes and Nobles ( BN ) , Abebooks ( AB ) , Amazon 's historic pricing ( WAS ) and of course Amazon current pricing ( NOW ) .
For BN , I 've taken members price and for Abebooks , the lowest price .
Prices are rounded up except for Amazon 's current price .
The thing is , some of these comics have a lag time of 1 to 4 weeks before they ship .
Some of the comics are also pre-orders and you know that Amazon have pre-order price guarantees .
I wonder if they will actually honour them if it is really a case of colossal pricing error .
Bone : The Complete Cartoon Epic in One Volume
NOW $ 14.99 | WAS $ 27 | BN $ 29 | AB $ 28
Daredevil Omnibus , Vol. 1 ( Hardcover )
NOW $ 8.24 | WAS $ 48 | BN $ 50 | AB $ 47
Daredevil by Brian Michael Bendis & Alex Maleev Omnibus , Vol. 2 ( Hardcover )
NOW $ 8.24 | WAS $ 63 | BN $ 68 | AB $ 62
Iron Man Omnibus , Vol. 1 ( Hardcover )
NOW $ 14.99 | WAS $ 63 | BN $ 68 | AB $ 77
The Complete Invincible Library , Vol. 1 ( Hardcover )
NOW $ 14.99 | WAS $ 80 + | BN $ 83 | AB $ 81
Alright , I think you get the idea .
There are just too many books for me to compare so I 'll stop here .
See these banner ads below ?
If prices still show either $ 8.24 or $ 14.99 , it means the discount is still on .
Bone : The Complete Cartoon Epic in One Volume ( Vol 1 ) ( Paperback )
Daredevil Omnibus , Vol. 1 ( Hardcover )
Daredevil by Brian Michael Bendis & Alex Maleev Omnibus , Vol. 2 ( Hardcover )
Iron Man Omnibus , Vol. 1 ( Hardcover )
Wolverine Omnibus , Vol. 1 ( Hardcover )
The X - Men Omnibus , Vol. 1 ( Hardcover )
Fantastic Four Omnibus , Vol. 1 ( v. 1 ) ( Hardcover )
Invincible Iron Man Omnibus , Vol. 1 ( Hardcover )
Golden Age Marvel Comics Omnibus Volume 1 HC Jelena Kevic Djurdjevic Cover ( Hardcover )
The Ultimates Omnibus ( Hardcover )
The Incredible Hulk Omnibus , Vol. 1 ( v. 1 ) ( Hardcover )
Secret Wars Omnibus ( Hardcover )
Secret Wars II Omnibus ( Hardcover )
Howard The Duck Omnibus ( Hardcover )
Wolverine : Old Man Logan ( Hardcover )
Dark Avengers / Uncanny X - Men : Utopia ( Hardcover )
War of Kings ( Paperback )
Criminal ( Deluxe Edition ) ( Hardcover )
The Death of Captain America Omnibus ( Hardcover )
Deadpool : Suicide Kings ( Hardcover )
Deadpool Corps Prelude Premiere HC ( Hardcover )
Deadpool Team - Up Volume 1 HC ( Hardcover )
Thor ( Hardcover )
The Walking Dead , Book 1 ( Bk. 1 ) ( Hardcover )
The Walking Dead , Book 2 ( Hardcover )
The Walking Dead , Book 3 ( Hardcover )
The Walking Dead , Book 4 ( Hardcover )
The Walking Dead Book 5 ( Hardcover )
The Complete Invincible Library , Vol. 1 ( Hardcover )
Looks like this one is still at $ 14.99 but it 's out of stock .
Studying for vocabulary tests in grade school was always the worst .
Just you , a list of words , a sheet of paper and a pencil … and endless , endless , endless repetition .
It was always the equivalent of an educational death march .
But the importance of an extensive vocabulary is undeniable .
The disparity in vocabulary from 3 - year - olds in rich …
READ THE REST
PyCon 2010 Wireless Network
By Sean Reifschneider Date February 24 , 2010
Also see my related articles on networking set up for PyCon 2012 2009 , and 2008 , and 2007
This year the networking at PyCon went fairly smoothly , though not without some issues .
Many things went very well : users of 802.11a ( 5.2GHz ) basically just worked , the upstream connection ( from a company we had n't used before ) had absolutely no problem , and we had wired ports for people to use if they could n't connect otherwise .
We also tested out some 802.11n gear and had a surprising number of people using 802.11n .
The primary issue was , again , 2.4GHz .
I 'm starting to think that 2.4GHz is just not going to cut it .
Though I made some connections at PyCon that are interested in further trying to " crack this nut " .
The first few hours of the tutorials and the main conference we just were n't ready .
The problem with the tutorials was that the router went to the warehouse ( and my backup plan was suffering from terrible packet loss ) , and the main conference hall did n't have power until moments before the conference started , so I could n't do the final test of the networking .
After these hiccups , things went very well .
Lessons Learned
Crimping your own RJ45 should be avoided .
Terrestrial wireless continues to work great .
PyCon volunteers are awesome !
Do n't forget to load all the conntrack modules ...
2.4GHz should be avoided .
We really need our router somewhere we can access it .
I should have named the extra ESSIDs more clearly .
We really needed a few minutes spoken intro to the network .
We needed more APs in the main hall .
I tried a few new things this year including putting out quite a few wired network ports , and using 802.11n gear .
Plus , 802.11 b was not available on our new APs .
The new APs worked well in 5.2 GHz , but 2.4 was really not happy .
Upstream Bandwidth
Read on for more details .
We spiked up to 55 mbps , but that was only very briefly .
We could have done pretty well with 35 mbps of bandwidth .
However , with the terrestrial wireless ( as we 've used previous years ) , the cost of 100 mbps was really quite reasonable .
Compared to what the hotel network provider wanted to charge us , anyway .
They wanted $ 25 k before they would even provide a quote , we ended up paying $ 5 k for the terrestrial wireless ( about half what we were paying in Chicago ) .
Wireless
Our uplink provider was One Ring Networks and they were just great .
They really had their stuff together and they just worked .
Absolutely no problems , everything went very smoothly from the contracts to the networking .
They were recommended via a question I posted on LinkedIn , and I can highly recommend them for anyone needing terrestrial backhaul in Atlanta .
The trend continued from last year with more 5.2GHz users , fewer 2.4GHz users and less of those being 802.11b .
In addition to the APs that we used the last several years , I also got some 802.11n gear to try out .
I was primarily interested in them for the MIMO antenna stuff , hoping that it would improve performance .
The 2.4GHz band continued to give us fits .
During the main conference in the main rooms , it was basically unusable with heavy packet loss and multi-second latency , despite having good signal .
My netbook performed better than last year , but it was still basically unusable .
I 'm just coming to the conclusion that 2.4GHz is just not going to work with 150 users , despite being spread across a dozen APs and trying to keep the power down .
Only having 3 non-overlapping channels is just killing it , and it's also competing with the hotel wireless gear .
5.2GHz performed very well though .
There were some brief spikes in latency , presumably as people were doing large downloads , but mostly latency was in the 45 ms range with less than 1 % packet loss .
In short , if you want wireless to work at a conference : use 5.2GHz .
802.11n
The new APs we were using had a hard limit of 63 wireless clients per radio .
We hit that very hard during the first few hours of the main part of the conference because half the APs were n't working .
This was caused by us doing our own RJ45 crimping , which I really wanted to avoid .
This is the first year we 've tried 802.11n .
About half of our APs had 802.11n capability , on both 2.4 and 5.2GHz .
The above graph splits out the N users from the graph from the previous section .
In other words , we had around 324 out of 419 users of 5.2GHz running 802.11n .
I was very surprised to find that over half our total users were connecting via 802.11n .
Particularly after finding that my laptop , which I was fairly sure would , did not connect .
I thought I had gotten an ABGN capable card , but I guess it 's only ABG .
Sigh .
The real trick was getting APs that would do 802.11n on both radios at the same time .
Most APs are not able to do N on both radios .
So we ended up using the Netgear WNDAP - 350 , a $ 300 AP but it does support lots of features including gigabit Ethernet , N on both frequencies at the same time , PoE ...
Wired
We also got plenty of high speed connections : of the samples saved off we had the majority connecting at 130 mbps , followed by a third fewer at 117 mbps and just slightly fewer at 54mbps and 78 mbps and 104mbps .
This year we tried getting more wired ports out there for people who were having issues .
While this was documented in both the Wiki page on networking , and the e-mail sent out to attendees before the show , people just really did n't know about it .
I wanted a couple of minutes during the initial show session to tell people about this , but that was vetoed .
Later the suggestion was passed along to me that we have Ethernet ports available .
We had nearly 200 available ( for around 1,000 attendees ) .
Unfortunately , we were using inexpensive switches which do n't have any stats we can get to , so I do n't know how many were actually used .
However , I rarely saw anyone plugged into them .
The suggestion was made to have Ethernet available on every table instead of to about one out of every 10 tables like we did this year .
I 'm reluctant to do that because it would have dramatically increased time to set up ( we had a team of 8 working around 4 hours for what we had ) , but also because we did n't have people using what we did have .
Networking Problems
Next year I 'll probably double our number of switches , but I think the real issue here was that we did n't have a few minutes to educate people on the setup .
The first day of the tutorials , we did n't have networking for the first couple of hours .
There were a few issues that contributed to this .
One was that our router was at the warehouse and had n't been brought in the set of boxes that came the day before .
So we did n't have it until 9 am the first day of the tutorials .
But then the router had to go into a locked room , which apparently nobody at the hotel had a key to , and the guy who did have the key did n't arrive until 11 am .
At that point I plugged the router in and we were live .
This lead to a significant risk that if the router had issues , I could n't get to it to fix it , and it possibly would have involved several hours to get someone to unlock the door .
Next year I either want a key to that room , or to have the Ethernet drops and power pulled outside that room to where I can get to it .
Similarly , the first day of the main conference , the first few hours the network was having serious issues .
There were two issues contributing to this .
One is that through a mis-communication with Carl he got a crimper and ends rather than the Leviton press - on port ends that I would have preferred using ( and then a small jumper , which I had plenty of ) .
The other was that the crimp on ends had the tabs in fairly close , so unless you bent them up before plugging them in , they would n't click in place .
Because of this , we had several of the Ethernet connections come loose , which caused the wireless APs to shut down their radios ( I had configured them this way ) .
Which meant that the other APs were overwhelmed .
Of the 700 AP - minutes where the APs were at their limit , a quarter of those occurred during the first 2 hours of the main conference .
We also did n't have power to the APs until literally a few minutes before the conference started .
The electrician that was supposed to show up at 5 am to wire them all completely failed us .
So while we had the APs out and individually tested the night before , we could n't do a full system check until the first break of the conference .
NAT
The other issue with crimping our own ends on was the time it took .
We only had one crimper , so we had no parallelism going on there .
This year I tried to get public IPs again , but we just were n't able to get any meaningful number of them .
So , we had to do NAT .
This worked well , and I had no complaints beyond the first one : one of the guys could n't establish a PPTP connection .
I had forgotten to load the NAT protocol modules ...
I loaded those up and it went smoothly after that .
Going Forward
I also did remember to up the number of connections it would allow , so we did n't run into any problems .
I tried to set up munin to track the number of connections , but that failed to work .
I 'll have to fix that plugin for next year .
Number one :
We need more APs , particularly if there are going to be 50 % more users next year .
I 'd also like to try some directional antennas to cover part of the main room and see if that resolves the issues with 2.4GHz there .
We really need to tell people what 's happening as part of the conference .
For having the majority of our attendees using the network , I think it 's proven that it 's important enough to warrant a few minutes about availability of Ethernet ports and cables .
Finally , I 'd like to put out more Ethernet ports .
They 're fairly cheap to do .
In Conclusion
A little more volunteer time , possibly that saved by not crimping our own cables , would have allowed us to get ethernet cables on the tables by the switches , if not plugged in and ready to go .
Shameless Plug
Using many small independent APs continues to work well for our needs .
The response I 've gotten has generally been " There were issues the first few hours , but after that things worked well . "
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
tummy.com has smart people who can bring a diverse set of knowledge to augment your Linux system administration and managed hosting needs .
See the menu on the upper left of this page for more information about our services .
I am a full - time ( and freelance ) illustrator , husband and father of two .
I have produced RPG fantasy and horror illustrations for over 10 years now with more than 100 published works .
Most recently I am working for a company that produces silkscreened images for cakes .
Feel free to contact me at jamesstoweart@gmail.com or on IM : screenname Thecryptmonkey , or become a fan of my work on Facebook ( James Stowe 's Art ) , or follow me stalker style on Twitter ( @jamesstowe ) .
And remember All images Copyright © James Stowe 2011 .
All rights reserved .
These tend to hold their shape better during cooking .
Fill a medium saucepan with water at least two inches deep , and up to four , and bring to a simmer .
In the meantime , crack the egg into a small bowl ( if you do n’t have one , skip this step — straight from the shell is fine ) .
In a further blow to the antivaccine movement , three judges ruled Friday in three separate cases that thimerosal , a preservative containing mercury , does not cause autism .
The three rulings are the second step in the Omnibus Autism Proceeding begun in 2002 in the United States Court of Federal Claims .
The proceeding combines the cases of 5,000 families with autistic children seeking compensation from the federal vaccine injury fund , which comes from a 75 - cent tax on every dose of vaccine .
Families of children hurt by vaccines — for example , who suffer fatal allergic reactions — are paid from it but are unable to sue the vaccine manufacturer .
The fund has never accepted that vaccines cause autism ; the omnibus proceeding , with nine test cases based on three different theories , was begun in 2002 .
The antivaccine groups also lost the first three cases , which were decided in February 2009 by the same three judges , known as special masters .
All three rulings were upheld on their first appeals .
A conservation group warns they have just three weeks to raise $ US3 million to save the iconic Hollywood sign from being razed by investors who want to build luxury houses on the site .
" We feel good about where we are and we feel good about our chances to do this , " said Tim Ahern of the Trust for Public Land .
The group needs to raise $ US3 million to reach the $ US12.5 million needed to purchase the 138 - acre parcel of rugged land surrounding the sign from a Chicago - based consortium that has acquired rights to build four luxury mansions along the ridgeline .
The investors sought to sell the property for $ US22 million but agreed to the $ US12.5 - million price tag for the conservation group only if payment arrives by April 14 .
Los Angeles council member Tom LaBonge says the trust has so far collected $ US9.5 million - $ US4 million from public funds , and the remainder $ US5.5 million from private donors , including movie and television companies and Hollywood stars such as director Steven Spielberg and actor Tom Hanks .
" We 're getting closer to our goal and if we continue working hard , I know we 'll reach it , " Mr LaBonge said .
One of the world 's most recognisable landmarks , the sign was given a facelift last month when the trust shrouded each of the 13 - metre high letters in blankets so the slogan " SAVE THE PEAK " became visible for miles around the sprawling Californian city .
The Hollywood sign itself , which was initially created as an advert for a real estate development called Hollywoodland in 1923 , is owned by the city of Los Angeles .
One of the City of Angels ' most beloved attractions , the sign had fallen into disrepair until it was restored in the 1970s after a campaign which saw nine donors pay $ US27,777 to " adopt " one letter each .
- AFP
One of the secondary goals of the Fermi gamma ray satellite is to look for the signature of dark matter .
One idea for dark matter is that it 's composed of weird ( and as yet undetected ) particles called WIMPs ( weakly interacting massive particles ) .
A very odd property about them is that they are self - annihilating : when two of them touch , they turn into energy ( and other , more easily detectable particles ) .
When I first read about this several years ago I was pretty excited , because this is finally a testable hypothesis about dark matter .
My fellow Hive Overmind blogger and astronomer Sean Carroll writes that it 's possible Fermi has done just this .
The data are not conclusive , but very provocative nonetheless .
He has the details .
But I can't resist adding that on The Big Bang Theory a few weeks ago , Raj and Sheldon were investigating building a detector to look for this very type of dark matter .
I wrote David Saltzberg , the science advisor ( whom I met on the set last month when I was visiting LA ; more on him and that at a later date ) and told him this , and he noted that I was right .
Well , how about that !
It had to happen sometime .
Now , to publish ...
The e-mails come thick and fast every time NASA scientist Gavin Schmidt appears in the press .
Rude and crass e-mails .
E-mails calling him a fraud , a cheat , a scumbag and much worse .
To Schmidt and other researchers purging their inboxes daily of such correspondence , the barrage is simply part of the job of being a climate scientist .
But others see the messages as threats and intimidation — cyber - bullying meant to shut down debate and cow scientists into limiting their participation in the public discourse .
" I get a lot of hate mail , " said Schmidt , a climate modeler at the Goddard Institute for Space Studies who also runs RealClimate.org , a website devoted to debunking myths and errors about climate change .
" I get a lot of praise mail , but pretty much every time I have a quote in a mainstream publication I 'll get a string of emails from various people accusing me of various misdemeanors and fantasizing about my life in prison . "
Kevin Trenberth , head of the Climate Analysis Section of the National Center for Atmospheric Research , has a 19 - page document of " extremely foul , nasty , abusive " e-mails he 's received just since November .
Australian author and academic Clive Hamilton noted that many of the country 's most distinguished climate scientists are increasingly the target of e-mail attacks aimed at driving them from the public debate .
" The purpose of this new form of cyber - bullying seems clear ; it is to upset and intimidate the targets , making them reluctant to participate further in the climate change debate , " Hamilton wrote in a column published last week by Sydney 's ABC News .
" While the internet is often held up as the instrument of free speech , it is often used for the opposite purpose , to drive people out of the public debate . "
The bullying has long been part of life for many climate scientists .
Retired NCAR climate scientist Tom Wigley said he 's been fighting it for the last 20 years or more .
Most of the e-mails appear to be the work of frustrated individuals , ranting into the ether , scientists say .
But some appear to be the work of coordinated campaigns , and many , scientists say , appear to be taking their cue from influential anti-climate change advocates like Rush Limbaugh , Glenn Beck and ClimateDepot.com .
Scientists say the bullying , if anything , emboldens them .
But it does have a cost .
Organized , " McCarthyite " tactics aimed at specific scientists by various groups can be stressful , Schmidt said .
" Frivolous " Freedom of Information Act requests can tie up considerable quantities of researchers ' time .
But worst of all , he said , are " intimidating letters " from congressional members threatening dire consequences to scientists working on climate change .
" That is chilling the work of science in the agencies , " Schmidt said .
" It 's certainly very off - putting for scientists who want to talk about their stuff in public but fear the political consequences . "
" Nobody wants to create an enemy on the Hill . "
For the most part , the rants have remained just that - rants .
Threats of physical harm remain rare and are usually discounted , scientists say .
" These people do n't really know you , " Schmidt added .
" They 're not really talking about you .
You 're just a symbol that has an e-mail address . "
The pace picked up late last year , when several years ' worth of stolen correspondence among climate scientists were published on the Web .
The onslaught intensified as errors in the Intergovernmental Panel of Climate Change 's most recent report surfaced in January and policy makers and reporters began to question what has become the gold standard of climate science .
What 's clear is the e-mails show anger and hostility .
There 's no effort to ask questions or seek what Trenberth called " the truth . "
Scientists are n't the only target ; journalists covering the issue also routinely find their inbox stuffed with epithets .
" They do not tend to be reasonable , " said Rudy Baum , editor - in - chief of Chemical and Engineering News , who has been covering science for the magazine for 30 years .
" They do not seem to be interested in dialogue .
They are shrill , they are unfriendly , and they are bullying . "
Why so much venom and vitriol ?
The answer is simple , said Marc Morano , executive editor at ClimateDepot.com , who has spent years trying to expose global warming hype :
The public is bitterly angry at the " con job " perpetrated by climate scientists .
" You have every aspect of our lives subject to regulatory control - down to the light bulbs we can put in - based on climate science , " Morano said .
The researchers " never wanted to debate and they kept trying to demand the debate was over . "
" Whenever you have someone ginning up a crisis and wanting to take power , you 're going to have anger , " he added .
" When you 've been conned at a used car dealer , you do n't go back cheerily and politely to talk to them . "
That neither the stolen correspondence nor the minor IPCC errors undermine the underlying science of climate change has n't checked the onslaught .
Trenberth says that is the most dispiriting aspect of the e-mails : Facts do n't carry more weight in the public debate .
The nature of public discourse - be it climate change or health care - has changed ; information that does not fit one 's worldview is now discounted or rejected .
Increasingly , " wrote Pulitzer - prize winning columnist Leonard Pitts , Jr. in the Miami Herald recently , " we are a people estranged from critical thinking , divorced from logic , alienated from even objective truth . "
Added Trenberth : " In science there 's a whole lot of facts and basic information on the nature of climate change , but it 's not being treated that way .
It 's being treated as opinion . "
The attacks are not limited to climate research , either .
Researchers working on Atrazine , a widely used herbicide , bisphenol - a , a common plastic additive , and other environmental pollutants have received similarly intimidating e-mails and even threats .
Determining whether any given e-mail is part of an organized campaign is difficult , said Richard Littlemore , editor of DeSmog Blog and author of Climate Cover - up , an investigation of industry 's effort to undermine climate science .
But it 's not happenstance , he said .
The bullying does n't start serendipitously or from scratch .
It starts with a paid campaigner - Morano ; the International Climate Science Coalition 's Tom Harris ; JunkScience.com publisher and Fox News commentator Steve Milloy - and filters out from there , Littlemore said .
" They 're the PR guys and they 're in the game and taking money for what they do , " he said .
" They also wind up recruiting other folks ....
In many ways they 're just dupes and sincerely believe they 're standing up for democracy . "
" They 're people whose world view is being disrupted by climate scientists , " Littlemore added .
" Sometimes they end up being the most effective and vitriolic . "
Morano , for his part , is unapologetic in his efforts to knock climate science down a notch .
He does n't wish anyone harm .
But he sees opportunity .
" I seriously believe we should kick them while they 're down , " he said .
" They deserve to be publicly flogged . "
This article originally appeared at The Daily Climate , the climate change news source published by Environmental Health Sciences , a nonprofit media company .
Pinball rules .
Everyone loves to play .
However everyone also loves to win , and the fact is pinball is hard .
Luckily , getting better at pinball … not great but respectable … is actually pretty easy .
In this talk Greg Dunlap goes over the basics that will help you propel your game to the next level .
About Greg Dunlap
When Greg is n’t not at Shorty ’s in Belltown , you can find him as a developer at Palantir .
net .
You can find Greg at his Web site , his Drupal blog and on Twitter @heyrocker .
You can find more about how to get better at pinball at Pinball.org and from the Pinball 101 video , both mentioned in Greg ’s talk .
One mine was found in 1959 and another in 1984 , the minister said , although an extensive South Korean search in 2008 did not trace any , however it was impossible to rule out that a mine could have come adrift from its mooring .
George Lopez said this tonight about Conan O’Brien coming to TBS :
“ If you have n’t heard by now , Conan O’Brien will be joining us on late - night on TBS .
Welcome ! , Welcome !
I want to say this , I want to say that I am completely 100 % on board with this move .
I talked to Conan on Wednesday and I talked to him last night and I said I welcome you into my deep loving embrace .
Then I said let ’s take the party and make it bigger and take it into the next generation of late - night TV .
Lets do that !
Lets do that !
Lets do that !
Everybody ’s heard of ‘ I ’m with CoCo ’ but now everybody can ‘ Go LoCo ’ . ”
Then George Lopez chatted with Chris Rock about Conan :
George : “ I think you ’re here on a good night … with Conan coming to TBS … ”
Chris : “ Conan ’s coming ?
Where are you going ? ”
George : “ I ’m staying .
I ’m going to midnight .
He ’s coming at eleven o’clock and I ’m going to midnight . ”
Chris :
“ Get the hell out of here !
So you ’re gonna move for the white man , huh ?
I hope he appreciates this . ”
George : “ I think the white man does appreciate it very much . ”
Chris :
“ You do n’t gotta clean a park or nothing , right ? ”
George : “ No and I get to go to work an hour later .
That ’s a Latino dream come true . ”
UPDATE : You can even buy this as a print from my store !
Today ’s comic was largely inspired by two things :
Loldwell ’s awesome comic on his cycle known as “ An Earful of Nothing ” .
The entirety of my professional career .
If you have n’t checked out Loldwell yet , you really need to .
I linked to it a while back and it is always worth the read .
He also does comics / illustrations for College Humor , but they do n’t need a link cuz they are doing juuuuust fine .
You know who COULD use your help ?
ME !
I could still use your help by preordering the new BEARD SHIRTS .
They are only $ 17.00 plus shipping and preordering helps me figure out a lot about how many to order .
I ’m running preorder through the end of this week so be sure to PREORDER NOW !
CHECK OUT AN AWESOME SHIRT »
[ TIP ] unittest2 and the future of nose
nose has always been intended to be an extension of unittest -- one that opens unittest up , makes it easier to use , and easier to adapt to the needs of your crazy package or environment .
Fact : unittest2 is coming : http://www.voidspace.org.uk/python/articles/unittest2.shtml
... indeed , it 's already here ( just not yet in stdlib ) .
It does test discovery ( though not by default ) , can support test functions ( though not by default ) , will eventually support a better form of parameterized tests than nose does , and also will eventually support at least class and module - level fixtures .
Second fact : I have very little time to work on nose anymore , and with offspring # 2 due any day now , that 's not going to change much for at least a few years .
Third fact : setuptools is dying , distribute is going with it , and something called distutils2 is going to rise to take its place .
This matters because a LOT of nose 's internal complexity is there to support one thing : ' python setup.py test ' .
If that command goes away or changes substantially , nose will have to change with it .
Fourth fact : many high - level nose users want it to be released under a more liberal license than LGPL and wo n't become contributors until / unless that happens .
I think this all adds up to starting a new project .
Call it nose2 .
Call it @testinggoat .
Whatever it 's called , it should be based on extending unittest2 , and designed to work with distutils 2 's test command .
It should support as much of the current nose plugin api as is reasonable given the changes in unittest2 .
And it should be BSD or MIT licensed ( or some reasonable equivalent ) so more people feel comfortable contributing .
And , crucially , it must not depend on me writing 90 % of the code and reviewing all of it .
To succeed , nose2 needs to be a community project -- not * my * project .
Which means it 's not going to happen unless enough of you folks are interested and have time to commit .
What do you think ?
JP
HDMI has announced the latest version of the HDMI specification .
The new HDMI 1.4 specification offers several advancements :
Adding high - speed networking to an HDMI link , making it possible for consumers to use their IP - enabled peripherals without a separate Ethernet cable .
Allowing an HDMI - connected TV with a built - in tuner to send audio data “ upstream ” to a surround audio system without the need for a separate audio cable .
Establishing an infrastructure for implementing 3D video , making it possible for 3D displays and source devices to communicate through an HDMI link .
Enabling video resolutions higher than 1080 p ( 4K x 2 K video support ) , paving the way for next - generation displays .
Adding support for additional color models used in both digital photography and computer graphics .
Offering a new Mirco HDMI connector designed for small , portable devices such as phones that supports video resolutions up 1080p .
Offering new cables and connectors for automotive video systems , delivering HD quality in the motoring environment .
The HDMI 1.4 specification is available for download at http://www.hdmi.org/.
Our Allion team currently offers HDMI compliance tests and looks forward to certifying HDMI 1.4 products when they ’re available .
A blog for the web developer , by a web developer .
The RIAA has published a blog post where they accuse music pirates of stealing from Haitians .
In a brilliant piece of propaganda they say that those illegally downloading " We Are The World " are undermining fund raising .
However , they leave out the fact that the music industry itself profits big from such charity singles .
The original “ We Are The World ” single released in 1985 to help Africa was the first single to receive multi-platinum certification .
It brought in millions of dollars for humanitarian aid and still holds the record for the fastest selling single in the USA .
Dozens of contributing artists waived their rights and performed free of charge to maximize the revenue for Africa .
In an attempt to replicate this success , a group of artists recorded “ We Are the World 25 for Haiti ” following the devastating earthquake in Haiti , hoping to raise money to help those in need .
Although most people realize that donating directly to Doctors Without Borders or the Red Cross is a more efficient way to donate , the initiative was obviously started with the best intentions by most of the people involved .
According to the RIAA however , there is also a group of people who deliberately try to “ steal ” from this fundraising campaign – music pirates .
In a recent blog post the RIAA dramatically claims that “ the album is now widely available on illicit BitTorrent sites like The Pirate Bay , Torrentz and more .
The posting highlights a truly ugly side of P2P piracy – the undermining of humanitarian fundraising efforts via online theft of the ‘ Hope for Haiti Now ’ compilation . ”
The RIAA basically says that pirates are purposely stealing money from Haitians .
But are they ?
In a response to the RIAA ’s writing , Music
Ally dug up some numbers and they found out that compared to most other popular singles the number of downloads the song gets are really low .
Aside from this , one has to wonder if those who downloaded the song would have paid for it if it was not available on BitTorrent .
Perhaps they already donated through a more direct channel ?
Techdirt further notes that the RIAA blames sites like Torrentz which does n’t even store torrent files , while they leave out Google , the site through which their source actually found the torrents .
What most people missed though , might make the RIAA ’s post look even more hypocritical .
Charity singles such as “ We Are The World ” actually bring in a lot of cash for the record industry and related businesses .
This could be easily framed as “ Stealing from Haitians ” as well .
Columbia Records fared well with the release of the first “ We Are The World ” single and the performance rights that still come in today continue to benefit the “ copyright holders . ”
In addition , charity songs including “ Do They Know It ’s Christmas ? ” ended up on thousands of compilation albums for which the charities probably never saw a penny .
We were unable to find out exactly how long the profits of the new Haiti single will actually go to Haiti , but we ’re sure that the music industry will take a cut regardless .
Similarly , iTunes will give up their share for a few months but will be profiting from the single later on .
These examples show that reality is always a bit more balanced than how the RIAA portrays it .
Nonetheless , those who actually like the song should definitely consider buying it or at least donate to one of the other charities that benefit Haiti .
OK , I ca n’t help it .
I wrote about neutrinos once before , but they ’re too cool and I can’t leave them alone .
I ’ve been reading about IceCube , a neutrino telescope at ( literally , at ) the South Pole .
What in the world is a neutrino telescope doing there ?
Well , it ’s using the Earth .
The idea is this .
Neutrinos hardly interact with matter at all .
Even the Earth is hardly a barrier to them .
So by staring not up but down , into the incredibly thick and pure ice of the South Pole , what you ’re actually doing is staring in the direction of neutrinos that have just passed through the Earth via the North Pole .
Anything else , any other particles , would have been absorbed by the Earth long before they reached you , so you ’re looking at the northern sky with a filter that only lets neutrinos through .
OK , so great .
Neutrinos go through the entire Earth .
Surely they ’ll go through your little experiment just as easily .
The IceCube neutrino telescope is a cubic kilometer , but that ’s nothing compared to the Earth .
True , but remember that there ’s lots and lots and lots of neutrinos .
Almost all make it through the Earth , but that still leaves a huge number that interact with the Earth .
And almost all make it through IceCube , too , but a smaller number interact with the ice .
Notice that the neutrinos that interact are n’t somehow weaker or slower than the rest .
All these neutrinos are identical ( though there are three different types , but there ’s a twist there , too !
See , are n’t neutrinos cool ? ) .
Just because a neutrino “ made it ” through the Earth does n’t give it any better or worse chance of making it through IceCube .
So what does that mean , make it through ?
Or , more to the point , not make it through ?
What exactly happens to these little neutral ones ?
Now the story gets really cool .
Amazing , really .
Every once in a great while , a neutrino will slam into a neutron .
When this happens , the neutron spits out something .
The something depends on which kind of neutrino hit it .
An electron neutrino causes an electron to come out ( leaving a proton behind ) .
A muon neutrino causes something else , a sort of electron on steroids , to come flying out .
It ’s called a muon .
OK , I have to tell this story .
When the muon was first discovered , a physicist ( one of my favorites ) named I.I. Rabi , said , “ Who ordered that ? ”
The muon did n’t make any sense at the time .
It was the wrong weight to be anything predicted .
It seemed to have exactly the properties of the electron , except for two .
It was much heavier than the electron , and it quickly decayed into ( you guessed it ) an electron .
So what good was it .
Who ordered that , indeed ?
Later , scientists found that they could use muons from cosmic rays to verify Einstein ’s relativistic time dilation , but that ’s another story .
This is about neutrinos !
Anyway , if the neutrino makes a muon , something amazing happens .
The muon comes flying out of the atom at breakneck speed ( if muons had necks ) .
It ’s going so fast , in fact , that it is actually faster than the speed of light .
Wait a minute , you just mentioned Einstein , and now you ’re breaking the one law that everyone knows Einstein proved .
Thou shalt not go faster than the speed of light .
Yes , but . . .
No buts , it ’s your rule , now you have to obey it .
But wait .
OK , what ?
Einstein said nothing can travel faster than the speed of light in a vacuum .
Light , it turns out , travels just that fast .
In a vacuum .
But in ice , light goes a lot slower .
And the muon can go faster than light in ice .
Einstein is still intact , but the muon still does something remarkable .
Just as an airplane going faster than sound creates a sonic boom , a muon going faster than light creates a luminal boom !
That ’s right , a sonic boom for light .
And it gets better .
That luminal boom comes out as light we can see .
And . . . ta daa . . . it ’s blue !
That ’s the blue glow you see around nuclear power plants .
It ’s really there , and it ’s caused by particles moving faster than the speed of light in water .
How cool is that ?
So now you ’ve got this ice , you ’ve got these muons made by muon neutrinos , you ’ve got this blue glow .
The ice below the South Pole is probably the purest and clearest in the world .
There ’s nothing to compete with this blue light , and it just lights up that ice , traveling a great distance through the crystal clear solid water .
And when it comes to a detector ( called a DOM for Digital Optical Module ) , that detector grabs the blue glow and stores it away .
You ’ve just detected a neutrino !
OK , so what ?
So you ’ve just detected a neutrino .
Big deal .
It is a big deal , and here ’s why .
Neutrinos weigh almost nothing .
Almost .
We now know that they have a tiny , but real , mass .
Why ?
Because of Einstein again .
Any particle with zero mass travels at the speed of light , but any particle with a real mass , no matter how tiny , travels slower .
At the speed of light time stops .
But at less than the speed of light , time ticks away , however slowly .
Remember I mentioned the other twist about neutrinos ?
Here it is .
Neutrinos can change back and forth , from one type to another .
We know that now , but did n’t know it just a few years ago , and that caused a big worry .
It seemed the Sun was making far too few neutrinos .
Since neutrinos come directly from the Sun ’s core , while visible light takes a long , long time to reach the surface , some scientists worried that perhaps the Sun ’s core was dying .
Instead , the answer is that the Sun is making the right number of neutrinos , but we were only able to detect one of the three kinds coming out .
Since the Sun only makes one of the three kinds , it must be the case that the other two kinds ( called the muon neutrino and the tau neutrino ) pop into existence as the other kind pops out – in other words , the neutrinos turn one into the other .
So what does that have to do with mass ?
If the neutrinos were massless , then time would n’t pass for them , and they ’d have no time to change one into the other .
The fact that they can and do proves that they have mass .
Again big deal .
Right ?
Wrong .
The big deals are many .
First of all , neutrinos do n’t weigh much , but there are a lot of them .
A lot of them .
Suddenly their mass becomes important for lots of things , including supernova explosions .
But there ’s more than that .
No theory we currently have shows why or how the neutrino should have mass .
The mass of the neutrino points toward new physics .
It ’s like that cloud on the horizon of physics at the end of the 19th century that led to radioactivity , special relativity , quantum mechanics , and the modern world .
The 20th century ’s cloud was the neutrino mass , and the more we learn about these amazing , ghostly particles , the closer we will come to seeing what wonders await behind this cloud .
I for one ca n’t wait to see .
Mandatory carbon neutrality means even bigger demands on the wallets of school boards across B.C. , already facing multi-million dollar budget shortfalls .
The Surrey school district is strapped with a $ 12 - million shortfall , meaning that programs like culinary arts could be on the chopping block .
On top of that , the province 's entire public sector has to be carbon neutral this year .
For Surrey , that means paying more than $ 500,000 in so - called carbon offsets for its emissions .
" We 're trying to reduce our carbon footprint , but it 's very difficult when you 're growing as rapidly as we are , " Laurae McNally , Surrey school board chairperson , told CTV News .
That rapid growth is why there are so many portable classrooms set up at Surrey schools .
But in these tight times , there 's no money to build newer , more efficient buildings .
McNally believes the district deserves a financial break .
" They should give us a waiver for a couple of years , until we catch up , " she said .
" I think the government needs to step up to the plate and give us some assistance here .
What have they got against kids in Surrey and White Rock ? "
But Education Minister Margaret MacDiarmid said there wo n't be any exceptions to the carbon neutrality rules .
" School boards have ways of reducing their carbon footprint , and I know Surrey 's working on that , but we have to go forward with this plan -- it 's a government commitment , " she told CTV News .
So , where is all the money from these carbon offsets going ?
The government has formed a crown corporation called Pacific Carbon Trust to invest in green projects across the province .
In all , the government anticipates about $ 25 million will be paid out to the trust this year from 130 different public service organizations .
" Money flows from the public sector and cannot flow back .
It is going literally to private sector energy efficiency projects at ski resorts and spas , for cement companies , " said Rob Fleming , the NDP 's environment critic .
With a report from CTV British Columbia 's Mi-Jung Lee
What Is Known About Aluminum Foil Aluminum foil is very pure - in fact it is 99.9 % pure , with the .1 % being various residues from the manufacturing process that are burned off at low temperature and other impurities found within the material .
Humans contact aluminum from various sources throughout their everyday routines .
Common uses for aluminum are : food ( naturally occurring ) & food additives , antacids & other pharmaceuticals , cooking utensils , soil , drinking water , air , and electronics .
Aluminum has a shiny and a dull side - there is no difference to the two sides , this is caused by the manufacturing of aluminum .
The sheets are too thin to cut one at a time , so they cut two pieces at a time , causing a shiny and dull side .
Average human intake of aluminum is around 3grams ( a little higher inCanada because the drinking water is treated with higher concentrations of aluminum ) .
Aluminum , at temperatures below melting point , does not give off gas or vapor .
What Is Alzheimer ’s Disease ?
Alzheimer ’s Disease is a progressive disease that affects the brain - causing mental deterioration , disorientation , depression , memory lapses .
When studies have been perform on patients with Alzheimer ’s Disease scientist have found that patients have high concentration ( 10 - 30 times the normal ) of Aluminum in their systems .
Studies were conducted in order to find out if people who drink water with high concentrations of aluminum had a higher risk at developing Alzheimer ’s Disease .
These studies did show there was an increased risk - HOWEVER , studies have been done where individuals drank water without being treated with aluminum and found the same risk of developing Alzheimer ’s .
These two test indicate that there may be genetic reasons why some individuals develop Alzheimer ’s .
Studies performed on patients have not found a common factor in the development of Alzheimer ’s Disease Scientist do not know if Alzheimer ’s Disease causes higher concentrations of aluminum , or if it is caused by high concentrations of aluminum .
Smoking Using Aluminum Foil Most brands of aluminum foil ( Renoyld ’s Wrap with the anti-stick coating and similar brands being the exception ) , are untreated and remain 99.9 % aluminum ( again with the .1 % being residues and other agents in the manufacturing process )
In order to inhale aluminum it would have to be changed from a solid to a vapor .
This requires a lot of heat .
More heat than what it produced by a butane lighter .
A butane lighter is not even capable of melting aluminum , if a lighter fails to melt the aluminum , it will not be able to change the aluminum into a vapor .
Conclusion I put this together so individuals can make an educated decision on if they want to use aluminum foil for smoking marijuana .
Victor Pineiro put a lot of work into a funny , popular post about the " top ten geek anthems of all time . "
Shortly after , CNN ran an extremely similar article , which replicated many of Victor 's picks and had extremely similar copy .
But the CNN article did n't credit Victor with the inspiration .
Victor does n't think that this is a copyright violation ( I think he 's right ) , but it does smack of plagiarism and intellectual dishonesty .
It 's possible that CNN was inspired to write the extremely similar piece at the same time , but the more likely explanation is that CNN just ripped Victor off .
Victor could n't find any contact info for the author and when he posted a question about it to the article 's comment thread , it was rejected .
We often hear big media companies talk about how bloggers rip them off by posting fragments of their articles , but there 's a well - developed practice of linking and crediting in blogging that often does n't go the other way , and it sucks that media companies do n't play nice in link economy .
Had the article I 'd penned been something more general or topical , I would n't have batted an eye .
But I 'd researched the topic before writing the post , and found almost nothing on geek anthems - and no articles at all in the past few years .
It was a niche I was excited to fill .
The post I wrote did well , getting picked up by Veronica Belmont and BuzzFeed among others , and garnering close to 20,000 visits at last count .
Not Gawker numbers , but for our young blog it was a nice spike that 's resulted in substantially more regulars .
CNN 's article , however , stopped the post 's momentum dead in its tracks .
Talking over my discovery with a prominent journalist buddy , she told me it was a common occurrence .
More and more she noticed big media borrowing unique topics and ideas from viral blog posts in the hopes that they 'd go unnoticed .
With all the recent search - term omniscience being developed , it 's getting harder to hide that sort of thing .
And what about the little guy ?
The real issue here is search rank .
For young blogs hoping for traction , SEO is king , and knock - off articles pose a much greater threat to scrappy bloggers than old media .
We scramble to find topical / SEO niches and plant our flags with posts like " Top Ten Depressing Songs " or " How to Prepare For a Steampunk Prom " , using each as a foothold to climb higher up Mt. Blogosphere .
But a copycat article by one of the big guys immediately supplants that flag , and incinerates it with the ensuing ripple effect .
In this case , CNN 's article wrested the top " geek anthems " search spot from mine , and the flood of blogs linking to it filled up the rest of the first page .
Copycat Articles Trample Bloggers : PWND By CNN
( Thanks , Victor ! )
EVANSVILLE , Ind . –
There is a saying that there is nothing wrong with being knocked down , but when it becomes more comfortable being down than getting back up it is time to get up .
For several decades , American workers keep getting knocked down as corporation after corporation move good , middle class jobs to third - world countries claiming poverty , even at a time when companies are reaching record profits .
But the Whirlpool workers at the Evansville , Indiana , plant , along with over 5,000 other working Americans , stood back up and decided they do n’t want to be knocked down anymore .
A rally hosted by the IUE - CWA ( International Union of Electrical Workers – Communications Workers of America ) and led by AFL - CIO President Richard Trumka took place Friday , Feb. 26 with a simple message :
The American middle class is being eroded by corporate greed .
“ Whirlpool is a bad corporate citizen who is twisting this country ’s desire to reduce energy usage and using it to export jobs .
We are pushing hard to ensure that good intentions on going green do n’t help fund loss of good manufacturing jobs , ” said IUE - CWA President Jim Clark .
Whirlpool had revenues of more than $ 4.8 billion in the past quarter alone .
The company also recently received $ 19 million as part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act .
Yet , the company is spending $ 110 million to build a new plant in Mexico .
Yet it is willing to put over 1,000 workers on the street .
“ If there was ever any doubt in anyone ’s mind how Whirlpool feels about the people that work for them , this should relieve that now , ” said Darrell Collins , local union president , in a statement to members .
“ It is clear that all they care about is the money .
These 1,100 hourly people , the 400 salary people , and the community should take comfort in the fact that you are expendable to make a dollar . ”
Trumka , along with dozens of union members , delivered thousands of petition signatures from people across the country who are tired of seeing companies claim patriotism on television ads and then turn around and destroy American communities the next day .
“ We just tried to deliver the petitions but nobody was home .
But we have known that for a while , ” said Trumka .
“ These are our jobs and we intend to claim them . ”
Although the petitions will have little effect on the decision of Whirlpool to destroy thousands of families in Evansville , the 5,000 - plus rally - goers hope it will make an impact on other companies thinking of doing the same .
“ We drove over five hours from Portsmouth , Ohio , to be here and support the workers of Whirlpool .
But this is about something bigger as well , ” said Shawnee District Labor Council Secretary - Treasurer Austin Keyser .
“ We , as Americans , cannot sit idly by while companies take our hard - earned tax dollars and use them to destroy our lives , our families and our neighborhoods .
It is time we said enough is enough and this turnout shows me the American worker is getting tired of being treated like trash . ”
According to investors.whirlpoolcorp.com , 2009 fourth quarter net earnings for Whirlpool rose 111 percent to $ 95 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2008 .
Sales of merchandise also increased .
They were $ 4.9 billion , a 13 percent increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2008 .
When factoring in costs and foreign exchange changeover fourth quarter sales in 2009 were still 5 percent greater compared to 2008 .
“ It ’s not wrong to make a profit , but let ’s not turn our backs on the people who made it for us , ” said Tony Lee , an 18 - year plant employee who joined Friday ’s protest .
With their jobs and livelihoods on the line , workers from the Whirlpool plant received a letter from plant executive Paul Coburn telling them that taking part in the peaceful demonstration could cost them employment opportunity once they are laid off .
To think a company , who for no other reason than pure greed , would want to take away the last vestige of hope of the same employees that made the company as profitable as it is , is almost unthinkable .
“ This particular closing takes things to a whole new level , ” Trumka said .
“ Whirlpool not only wants to take jobs and send them to Mexico , they want to take their first amendment rights , their right to free speech . ”
Not only that , they are taking the dignity and respect from the hardworking women and men .
“ I had a brother who worked down there 37 years , ” rally participant Roger Myers said .
“ My father died on a picket line out here in 1983 … Corporate gets bigger and bigger and they ’re killing us . ”
The rally began with chants of “ U - S - A , U - S - A , ” “ Keep it made in America ” and “ Save our jobs , ” and ended with President Trumka addressing the crowd with a bullhorn and thousands of protesters keeping quiet to hear his words .
From there , a peaceful march was made back to union hall where Trumka addressed the crowd more formally .
“ Eleven million jobs have gone with the Great Recession .
Nothing , nothing , is more important here at this moment , ” Trumka told a packed room at the Local 808 chapter of the IUE - CWA , which represents many of the workers at Whirlpool ’s Evansville plant .
He said national leaders have too often let jobs slip away with their policies and now it ’s up to them to undo the harm with a jobs program “ to rebuild the foundation of our society and restore our middle class . ”
Jason Perlman is communications manager for the Ohio AFL - CIO .
Photo : Jason Perlman , Ohio AFL -CIO
An Iraqi airline employee worked closely with the 9/11 hijackers .
Neocons used him to justify the war in Iraq — not realizing that the CIA had attempted to recruit him as a turncoat , perhaps because they knew he was gay .
The Observer 's Aram Roston tells the engrossing story of Ahmad Hikmat Shakir , " Shakir el Iraqi . "
" He was tall as a mushroom , fat and gay , " one source familiar with the case told The Observer , " and the idea was to exploit him as an agent against Al Qaeda . "
Shakir was working as a greeter for Malaysian Airlines in 2000 when the CIA saw him accompany Khalid al - Mihdhar — a Yemen - born man who would later become a 9/11 hijacker — to " some kind of special terror summit . "
Mihdhar already had a U.S. visa in his Saudi passport , and the CIA knew it .
Mihdhar 's affiliations and visa would become a post - 9/11 sticking point , because the CIA kept the FBI in the dark about him until mere weeks before 9/11 .
In hindsight , pursuing him could have disrupted 9/11 .
Roston argues that Mihdhar 's omission may be tied to Shakir 's recruitment .
If the CIA thought they could bring Shakir in as an informant , they may have sat on the Mihdhar information to avoid " the bureau messing up the operation " by targeting Shakir 's friend and thus spooking the gay jihadi into silence .
Years later , neocons would point to Shakir el Iraqi as a " direct link between Iraq and the al Qaeda operatives who planned 9/11 . "
Roston theorizes that Shakir 's sexuality was part of the recruitment , since it left him open " to being flipped " under the threat of being exposed .
It is debatable whether the CIA would blackmail a target into being a mole , and Roston notes Shakir is n't the first gay terrorist we 've heard of : " Mohamed Atta , the 9/11 hijacker from Egypt , was also rumored to be gay . "
Atta 's eyebrows always did look suspiciously well - groomed .
[ Observer ] [ Image via Getty ]
The boy “ was all on his own and not only was he at least 6ft off the ground , but someone taller than me could easily have reached in from the pavement and plucked him off the branch , " she added .
Your next TV could be a Google TV , made by Sony and powered by Intel chips .
The three companies have teamed up to build what will be called the Google TV , essentially a big - screen living - room computer .
The TV project , according to the New York Times , is still under wraps , but that has n't stopped the details from leaking .
The GTV will be based on the Android OS , and come in the form of both a set - top box and actual TV - sets .
There will be regular television , of course , but also Hulu , YouTube and other web - video sources , as well as games and apps for social networking .
It makes so much sense we wonder why we did n't see it coming .
TV is one of the few advertising markets
Google is n't yet in , the company has an OS ready to go , and Google 's simple UI designs are perfect for couch - surfing .
The Google TV will even have the Chrome browser built - in .
The reason for a partnership with Intel is pretty obvious – we expect the TV will use some form of Atom chip .
But why would Sony get involved ?
According to the NYT , Sony sees it as a competitive advantage in a very difficult market .
It 's right .
Who would n't buy a TV with Google inside ?
The Google TV appears to be close .
Developer tools are expected in the next two months , and Logitech has reportedly been approached to make peripherals such as speakers and a QWERTY - equipped remote .
This could be huge , and a further blow to the PC industry .
If you have the internet in your television , and a tablet appliance like the iPad to carry around , who needs a desktop or even a laptop computer ?
Google and Partners Seek TV Foothold [ NYT ]
TV Photo : Sony
Photo illustration : Charlie Sorrel
An estrogenic drug that influences neurotransmitter and neuronal systems inthe brain is showing promise as an effective therapy for women who suffer from schizophrenia .
A study has found that Raloxifene -- a synthetic estrogen currently used to treat osteoporosis -- has beneficial effects on postmenopausal women with schizophrenia , with a test group experiencing a more rapid recovery from psychotic and other symptoms compared to control groups .
Research project leader and Director of the Monash Alfred Psychiatry Research Centre ( MAPrc ) Professor Jayashri Kulkarni said women in the trial who were given 120 mg a day of the unique selective estrogen receptor modulator had a significantly greater improvement in psychosis symptoms compared with those on placebos and lower doses .
" The results were very promising .
Under daily treatment with this ' brain estrogen ' , the women in the study had improvement in their key psychosis symptoms and also experienced enhanced memory and higher learning capacity , " Professor Kulkarni said .
" Many patients in this study had longstanding , persistent schizophrenia , so we are delighted that they experienced improvements in their mental well - being .
We will continue to investigate the efficacy of Raloxifene which is a currently available treatment for osteoporosis in postmenopausal women . "
" Unlike estradiol , the standard estrogen found in the oral contraceptive pill or hormone replacement treatment , this type of estrogen did not have the side effects on breast , uterus and ovarian tissue that we worry about with other forms , " Professor Kulkarni said .
While the findings were still tentative given the relatively small sample size , the research team is cautiously optimistic that ongoing trials will further confirm the positive therapeutic potential of the drug for postmenopausal women , and potentially for other cohorts .
Professor Kulkarni said the findings , published in Psychoneuroendocrinology , would offer hope to the hundreds of thousands of women in Australia who suffer from schizophrenia .
" Our results indicate that this therapy really could revolutionise treatment options for women with schizophrenia .
While at this stage we are just investigating its use in postmenopausal women , we are planning further research using hormone treatments in younger women and men suffering from psychotic illnesses , " Professor Kulkarni said .
" One in five of us will experience a mental illness at some point in our lives .
These conditions have a huge impact not only the sufferer , but on their families and Australian communities , so it is critical that governments and the private sector invest in research to develop effective treatment options . "
Professor Kulkarni pioneered research into hormonal factors and treatments in psychosis after assessing epidemiological studies that indicated gender differences in the age and onset of schizophrenia , and from clinical observations that symptoms were more severe in women during premenstrual , perimenopausal and postnatal phases .
The current study follows on from previous trials of estrogen and anti-estrogen treatment for women and men with a variety of mental illnesses .
" Excellent daily newsletters .
I 've made $ 7,552 the first month !
I pray there 's more to come , God bless you and your team . "
Ms. A. Turner - Cannes , France
Follow the Road to Financial Freedom
Work smart , NOT hard and make triple - digit gains in 30 minutes a day !
All 1,200 Aer Lingus cabin crew in the Republic of Ireland are to be sent notices of termination of their employment next month and offered new contracts involving lower salary scales and changed work practices .
Following the implementation of new work practices , which will reduce its requirement for the current staffing levels , the company will cut its cabin crew workforce by around 230 .
The personnel concerned are to be let go on a compulsory basis , and offered statutory redundancy terms of two weeks per year of service .
The company said the process to select the staff to be let go was continuing .
The move follows the rejection by cabin crew of the terms of a controversial € 97 million cost - saving deal which involved over 600 voluntary redundancies , pay cuts and work practice changes .
More than 440 Aer Lingus staff in other grades who accepted the terms of the deal are to leave under a voluntary redundancy scheme .
They will receive a severance package of six weeks per year of service .
The airline is also to abolish the grade of cabin manager in its aircraft as part of a de-layering of management structures .
The 64 existing cabin managers will be offered new contracts on revised terms .
Last night the trade union Impact , which represents cabin crew , said the measures planned by the airline were “ brutal , targeted and unfair ” .
The union called on the Labour Relations Commission ( LRC ) to reconvene the parties to find a mutual solution .
However , last night the company rejected this proposal , and said it had spent several months at the LRC and had reached an agreement which was comprehensively turned down .
A spokesman said the company had no mandate from its board for further talks .
Impact said that despite statements by the CEO of the airline “ the measures that have been announced look very much like a form of retribution against cabin crew for voting against the proposals ” .
“ The announcement today that the company will seek to make the entire cabin crew redundant and rehire roughly 75 per cent of the workers on new contracts is viewed by the union as particularly brutal treatment . ”
Impact said cabin crew workers had proved themselves , over successive cost - saving programmes since 2001 , to be a loyal and understanding group of workers , but the company ’s new proposals would very likely bring that loyalty to an end .
The union is to hold briefing meetings with members in Dublin , Cork and Shannon airports today and tomorrow .
In a statement yesterday , Aer Lingus said : “ The cabin crew representatives were informed of the following applicable measures :
Targeted compulsory redundancies at statutory minimum levels , including the de-layering of the cabin crew organisation ;
New working conditions to achieve increased productivity ;
Transition to new pay scale , including reduced salaries ;
Reduction in variable pay ;
Implementation of new Aer Lingus principles of employment .
“ Assuming the full implementation of all of the above measures , it is expected there will be approximately 230 less cabin crew in the organisation , and all remaining cabin crew employees will be on new contracts of employment . ”
Meanwhile , sources suggested last night that a number of cabin crew based in Cork had written to the company last night seeking inclusion in the original cost - saving deal put forward by Aer Lingus .
Impact said it was aware of correspondence by two individuals , but did not know the content .
photo © Daniele Mattioli
Organizers of the 2010 World Expo , as well as construction workers are busily working towards being fully organized for the planned opening of the 2010 World Expo in Shanghai , China on May 1 , 2010 .
The specific event is planned to be the largest World Expo in history ever since it began in 1851 with the Great Exhibition at London 's Crystal Palace .
The theme of the Expo is " Better City , Better Life " , and is scheduled to run until October 31 , 2010 .
For the past few months , large construction and renovation projects have dominated much of Shanghai , in preparation for becoming the World 's stage on May 1st .
Up to 800,000 visitors are expected each day - a total of 70 million visitors in all visiting exhibitions from nearly 200 participants around the world .
photo © Daniele Mattioli
Sponsored by the Bureau International des Expositions , the Shanghai Expo will be the largest the world has seen till this day .
The Expo is staged on a 5.28 square kilometer city center site beside the Huangpu River , and features pavilions which represent the ideas and cultural and commercial ambitions of more than 200 countries and international organizations .
video © UK Shangai Pavilion // Expo 2010
The UK Pavilion at the 2010 Shanghai Expo expresses British creativity and environmental engagement at the biggest event of its kind since the Expo phenomenon began in 1851 .
The UK Pavilion has been designed by Heatherwick Studio , which is led by the internationally - acclaimed English designer Thomas Heatherwick , His design team won the Foreign & Commonwealth Office ( FCO ) commission to create the Pavilion following a competition that attracted a shortlist of ambitious architectural proposals from other teams .
photo © Daniele Mattioli
Heatherwick Studio ’s initial design strategic approach for the UK Pavilion established three aims to meet the FCO ’s key expectation that the pavilion should become one of the five most popular attractions at the Expo .
The first aim was to design a pavilion whose architecture was a direct demonstration of what it was exhibiting .
The second aim was to ensure a significant area of open public space around it so visitors could relax and choose either to enter the pavilion building , or see it clearly from a calm , non-queuing vantage point .
And thirdly , it would be unique among the hundreds of other competing pavilions , events and programs .
photo © Daniele Mattioli
photo © Daniele Mattioli
In collaboration with other design teams Heatherwick Studio developed a design concept where the UK Pavilion explores the relationship between nature and city .
After all London happens to be the greenest city of its size in the world ; the UK pioneered the world ’s first ever public park and the world ’s first major botanical institution , the Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew .
What a better way to advertize the UK with a rather unconventional approach , the Seed Cathedral .
photo © Daniele Mattioli
On a 6,000 square meter UK Pavilion site sits the Seed Cathedral carefully centered .
The Seed Cathedral is 20 meters tall and is formed from 60,000 slender transparent fiber optic rods .
Each fiber optic rod is 7.5 meters long and encloses one or more seeds at its tip .
During the day , they draw daylight inwards to illuminate the interior .
At night , light sources inside each rod allowing the entire structure to glow .
When the wind blows the optic “ hairs ” gently move as they create a dynamic effect for the viewers .
Inside the darkened inner chamber of the Seed Cathedral ” the tips of the fiber optic filaments form an apparently hovering galaxy of slim vitrines containing a vast array of embedded seeds . ”
© Heatherwick Studio
The fiber optic filaments are quite responsive to exterior lighting circumstances and any fluctuations in the exterior natural lighting are experienced as an unpredictable luminosity .
With the Seed Cathedral , Heatherwick Studio intently wants to create an atmosphere of admiration , respect and worship about the collection of the world ’s botanical resources .
However , having achieved such a spectacular Pavilion what sounds best of all is that it was the British government ’s intention that most of the materials of the UK Pavilion will be reused or recycled at the end of the Expo .
© Heatherwick Studio
Lead Designer : Heatherwick Studio
Key Construction Materials : steel and timber composite structure , 60,000 fiber optic filaments , aluminum sleeves
Site area : 6000 square meters
Seed Cathedral dimensions : 25 m x 25 m x 20 m
Seed Cathedral floor area : 105 square meters
Optic fibers : 60,588
Optic fibers length : 7.5 meters
Seeds in Seed Cathedral : 217,300
Landscape area : 4490 square meters
Public park area : 2405 square meters
Accommodation area : 1525 square meters
Exhibition area : 1280 square meters
© Heatherwick Studio
The mantis shrimp ( which oddly is neither a mantis nor a shrimp , but a crustacean that resembles both ) has arguably the most complicated visual system of any animal on Earth .
Its compound eyes sit on independently moving stalks and can see colors ranging from ultra-violet to infra-red .
Each eye is divided into three regions for tracking motion , forms , depth , and color .
All of this , it is theorized , is done without the aid of its tiny brain .
( It 's also got claws that can smash through glass , but that we 'll save for another article ) .
Now add to this an entirely new kind of vision previously unknown : the mantis shrimp can see circular polarized light .
The first time they came for him , he hid out of sight ; the second time , there was no escape .
It was September 1997 and Rodolf Borrell had come to see a bunch of kids play in Mataró , up the coast from the Catalan capital .
For the coach of FC Barcelona Alevín , the club 's Under - 11s , the trip was familiar – in fact , he had made the same journey two months before – but the lad who caught his eye was not .
There was , he noted , a new No4 dominating midfield .
" He had everything : vision , athleticism , stamina , speed , " Borrell said .
" He could pass , he could shoot , and above all his decision - making was spectacular . "
Borrell 's judgment was spot on , but for one thing – the kid was not so new .
The half - time whistle had not even blown when the man who now works with Rafael Benítez at Liverpool approached the Mataró coach , Señor Blai .
Where , he asked , had this new lad suddenly come from ?
Blai looked a little embarrassed , shifted awkwardly and , guiltily , finally came clean .
His name , Blai revealed , was Francesc Fábregas Soler , he was " a beast " , and he was here in the summer too .
" But we were under orders to hide him , " Blai admitted .
" When you turned up we made him stay in the dressing room . "
It was a cunning ruse .
By the time Borrell returned in September , Cesc Fábregas had played five times for Mataró .
Under Catalan Football Federation rules , he could no longer leave for another team – even if that team was Barcelona .
Borrell was not so easily beaten , though , and he eventually offered a compromise : Fábregas would continue playing for Mataró for the rest of the season but would travel to train with Barcelona every Monday , playing the occasional friendly .
So , on 10 November 1997 , the 10 - year - old set off for the first time from the town of Arenys – divided between Arenys del Mar and Arenys del Munt , Arenys by the sea and Arenys on the hill .
His destination : FC Barcelona , 55 km away .
It became a familiar route .
The next season , Fábregas joined formally and began training every day .
Ultimately , it became a tiresome route , leading him to take up residence in more celebrated surroundings .
If Arenys is famous for its turnip festival , his next home could hardly be more famous for its football .
Every day , a taxi driver called Joan Jiménez picked up Fábregas and Jose Hinojosa .
En route , he would collect David Torrejón .
Then , as he went through Badalona , Jonathan Pereira and Rafa Vázquez would join the party .
They called themselves the Quinta del Taxi , the Taxi Squad , and Fábregas invented his own rhyming sobriquet : " ¡ Cesc Fábregas Soler , el más guapo del carrer ! "
Cesc Fábregas
Soler , the most handsome kid on the road !
Fábregas 's father , a builder also called Francesc , remains proud that , despite getting home past 11 pm every night , Cesc always completed his homework .
His mother , Nuria , was determined that he would not get behind in his studies – even if former team - mates joke that he was more interested in his classmate María García than the square root of nine .
The problem was that , with so much travelling , it was becoming increasingly difficult not to get behind , so Fábregas 's parents decided he should live in Barcelona .
When players face their former clubs , the cliche has them " returning home " .
This time , it 's true .
Tonight , Fábregas will come up against his boyhood idols , two on the pitch , one on the bench ; his first real coach ; his best friend and the tiny " mute " kid who turned out to be the world 's best player .
When he travels to Barcelona next week , the Arsenal bus will roll past the Mini Estadi , where he trained daily , to Camp Nou – the stadium he gazed at through his bedroom window .
Just behind is La Masía .
His home .
As Arsenal fans stroll to the match , they will pass La Masía , a traditional Catalan farmhouse that stands proudly , rather incongruously , alongside Camp Nou .
Caught between life and death , maternity hospital on one side , crematorium on the other , La Masía is home to future players , an indoctrination centre in all things Barça Almost 500 hopefuls have lived there , overlooking the training pitch where , until six months ago , Barcelona 's first team trained .
It is the place where , Fábregas says , " I spent the best year of my life " ; where exasperated team - mates never slept .
" Cesc , " complains the Sevilla defender and La Masía contemporary Marc Valiente , " has the worst musical taste ever – he was into La Oreja de Van Gogh . "
It was from those days that Fábregas likes to remember endless victories in PlayStation Pro Evolution challenges and where Gerard Piqué , his best friend , likes to remind him that , a certain Leo Messi always slaughtered him ; where , according to Piqué , Fábregas always shirked table tennis matches – because he knew he would lose .
On the football pitch , he rarely lost .
Coached by Borrell and Tito Vilanova , Pep Guardiola 's No2 , Barcelona were unbeatable .
" He played with the Messi generation , " Arsène Wenger said last week .
" Piqué , Messi , Fábregas … are you really surprised they won games 8 - 0 , 9 - 0 , 10- 0 ? "
" It 's hard to find so much talent in one group , " Piqué says while Fábregas adds : " I remember that Messi arrived later , at 13 or 14 .
He was very , very small but very special .
He was practically mute and then one day he just suddenly started talking .
He 's still hardly a big mouth , though . "
Piqué was , though .
Fábregas remembers him wading in , fists flying , to protect Messi and marauding so far out of defence that Borrell would shout : " If you 're going on another excursion , do n't forget your backpack ! "
He claims to have scored more than 50 goals .
" Of which , " Fábregas says , " 40 were from my passes and corners . "
On one occasion , they were due to parade the Copa Catalunya before a first team game , only they had no cup .
Piqué nabbed one from the trophy room and no one was any the wiser .
But if Piqué was the emotional leader , Fábregas was the fulcrum .
" We played 3 - 4 - 3 , like the Dream Team , " Piqué recalls .
Behind the forwards was Messi .
In the middle was Fábregas , playing as a pivote , the axis upon which the team hinged .
He was fiercely competitive : he admits that when he was a kid he would " cry and cry and cry " if things did not go his way .
Above all , though , he was technical , tidy and totally in control .
He was , locals are proud of insisting , part of a Barcelona heritage – a line of continuity that runs through Guardiola , Fábregas 's idol , to his next heroes – Xavi and Andrés Iniesta , the men who describe themselves as " sons of the system " , role models for CescFábregas .
Iniesta recalls the Barça mantra : " Receive , pass , offer , receive , pass , offer . "
Fábregas says : " If you 've played at Barcelona , you develop a taste for good football . "
Xavi and Iniesta , however , were also an obstacle .
Progression looked impossible .
And in the power vacuum before the 2003 presidential elections , having seen Fábregas star at the Under - 17 World Cup , Wenger took advantage .
" By the time , I realised , " says the then incoming vice - president Sandro Rosell , " it was too late . "
" I do n't regret going at all , " Fábregas has said .
" No one wants to leave Barcelona now because everyone gets a chance but when I was there you had to wait so long .
And when a professional team offers you a deal at 16 … "
Tonight , Fábregas will be reunited with his oldest friends – whether he is fit enough to play or not .
Next week , he will return home .
He has tried to skirt it , but the question lingers , hanging over Arsenal : having finished his schooling in England , will he , like Piqué from Manchester United , return for good ?
Among Fábregas 's greatest treasures is a signed Guardiola shirt , given to him at La Masía .
Guardiola dedicated it to " Barcelona 's future No4 " .
For years , that was Francesc Fábregas Soler 's greatest dream ; for years , it has been Arsenal 's greatest nightmare .
THE OPIATES OF THE MIDDLE CLASSES [ NASSIM TALEB :]
As a practitioner of science , I am opposed to teaching religious ideas in schools .
But , it seems to me somewhat misplaced energy — more of a fight for principles than for any bottom line .
As an empirical skeptic , I would like to introduce a dimension to the debates : relevance , consequence , and our ability to correct a situation — in other words the impact on our daily lives .
My portrait of the perfect fool of randomness is as follows : he does not believe in religion , providing entirely rational reasons for such disbelief .
He opposes scientific method to superstition and blind faith .
But alas , human skepticism appears to be quite domain - specific and relegated to the classroom .
Somehow the skepticism of my fool undergoes a severe atrophy outside of these intellectual debates :
1 ) He believes in the stock market because he is told to do so .
— automatically allocating a portion of his retirement money .
And he does not realize that the manager of his mutual fund does not fare better than chance — actually a bit worse , after the ( generous ) fees .
Nor does he realize that markets are far more random and far riskier that he is being made to believe by the high priests of the brokerage industry .
He disbelieves the bishops ( on grounds of scientific method ) , but replaces him with the security analyst .
He listens to the projections by security analysts and " experts " — not checking their past accuracy and track record .
Had he checked them he would have discovered that these are no better than random — often worse .
2 ) He believes in the government 's ability to " forecast " economic variables , oil prices , GNP growth , or inflation .
Economics provide very complicated equations — but our historical track record in predicting is pitiful .
It does not take long to verify these claims ; simple empiricism would suffice .
Yet we have confident forecasts of social security deficits by both sides ( democrats and republicans ) twenty and thirty years ahead !
This Scandal of Prediction ( which I capitalize ) is far more severe than religion , simply because it determines policy making .
Last time I checked no religious figure was consulted for long - term business and economic projections .
3 ) He believes in the " skills " of the chairmen of large corporations and pays them huge bonuses for their " performance " .
He forgets that theirs are the least observable contributions .
This skills attribution is flimsy at best — there is no account of the possible role of luck in his success .
4 ) His scientific integrity makes him reject religion but he believes the economist because " economic science " has the word " science " in it .
5 ) He believes in the news media providing an accurate representation of the risks in the world .
They do n't .
By what I call the narrative fallacy , the media distorts our mental map of the world by feeding us what can be made into a story that can be squeezed into our minds .
For instance ( preventable ) cancer , not terrorism remains the greatest danger .
The number of persons killed by hurricanes , while consequential , is dwarfed by that of the thousands of isolated daily victims dying in hospital beds .
These are not story - worthy , implying ; the absence of attention on the part of the press maps into disproportionately reduced resources allocated to their welfare .
The difference between actual , actuarially defined risks and the perception of dangers is enormous — and , sadly , growing with the globalization and the media , and our increased vulnerability to visual stimuli .
Now I am not arguing that one should ignore the side effects of religion — given the accounts of past intolerance .
But it was in these columns that Richard Dawkins , echoing the great Peter Medawar , recommended bright students to find something worthwhile " to be smart about " .
Likewise , I suggest exerting our skepticism " where it matters " .
Why ?
Because , alas , cognitively , our resource to doubt is rather limited .
We humans are naturally gullible — disbelieving requires an extraordinary expenditure of energy .
It is a limited resource .
I suggest ranking the skepticism by its consequences on our lives .
True , the dangers of organized religion used to be there — but they have been gradually replaced with considerably ruthless and unintrospective social - science ideology .
Religion gives many people solace .
On a personal note I have to admit that I feel more elevated in cathedrals than in stock markets — be it only on aesthetic grounds .
If I were going to be gullible about a subject , I would rather pick one that is the least harmful to my future — and one that is rewarding to my thirst for aesthetics .
It is high time to worry about the opiates of the middle class .
