In 2008 , Australia 's population increased by 459,600 people .
Every year , Australia needs to build the equivalent of a city bigger than Wollongong , Shellharbour and Kiama combined to accommodate new people .
Wollongong 's population is expected to grow by more than 47,000 in the next 20 years .
We are growing too fast .
Claims that we are being " flooded by refugees " are ridiculous .
Less than 4 per cent of the total increase is due to refugee intake .
About 33 per cent is due to a natural increase and the other 63 per cent is due to non-refugee net immigration .
Advocates of continued high population growth say that more taxpayers are needed to pay for aged care .
But they ignore the huge budget demands placed on taxpayers , governments and councils to fund growth - related infrastructure .
The cost pressure is exemplified by the State Government 's attempt to hock public assets to provide new dirty coal power for new houses .
NSW is struggling to keep up with growth - driven infrastructure demand despite being in the middle of a coal boom .
Some people say that we need to abandon the ideal of home ownership .
But they are not talking about themselves .
What they are saying is that our grandchildren need to live with less personal space than us , more commuting time , more crowded beaches .
They are advocating a quality of life degradation for the future - a pyramid land scheme perpetrated on our own descendants .
I think we should aim to make life better for our descendants .
Some people ask the Government to " make more land available for housing " .
What they are really asking is for parks , natural bush or coastline to be destroyed ( which is what is happening at Sandon Point ) or for land to be removed from food production ( which is what is happening on the South Coast and south - west of Sydney ) .
In a world which will have more than 9 billion people by 2050 , destroying food production capability and increasing our own food demand is irresponsible .
It is also unwise for us to be putting our food production capability at risk through climate change .
But the more our population grows , the more difficult it is to make cuts in total emissions .
But do n't we need skilled workers to support our mines ?
Well , if our population did n't grow as fast , then the mining and associated employers might need to offer higher wages to attract workers .
And they might need to run training schemes .
How is this bad ?
On the subject of mining , as our population grows , the per capita income achievable from our finite mineral resources drops .
We have a structural problem .
Much of our economy and employment is geared towards population growth and dirty energy .
We also have a spin problem .
Growth is spun as " good " because it " creates employment " .
Renewable energy and aged care are spun as " bad " because they " cost " .
But employment costs money whether it's in housing employment or in aged care .
We should redirect our employment and funding away from housing and housing infrastructure ( which create no wealth once built ) towards stability , energy efficiency and the nurturing of our national food , water and manufacturing assets which underpin our future wellbeing .
We should cut natural population growth .
We should abolish the baby bonus .
We should work with other countries to stabilise world population .
But we should be humane and increase our refugee intake .
Rowan Huxtable is a Wollongong climate change activist .
Dylan Evans , a psychologist at University College Cork in Ireland , has been saddled with a two - year period of intensive monitoring and counselling after discussing a scientific paper with a colleague .
The paper ?
" Fellatio in fruit bats prolongs copulation time " .
Advertisement
Now the university 's school of medicine is coming under international pressure to lift the punishment meted out to one of its academics .
As part of what he says was an ongoing discussion on human uniqueness , Evans showed a copy of the fellatio paper to a female colleague in the school of medicine .
" There was not a shred of a sign of offence taken at the time , " Evans says .
" She asked for a copy of the article . "
Advertisement
A week later he got a letter informing him that he was being accused of sexual harassment .
Evans says the whole case is " utterly bizarre " .
The complainant 's side of the argument is that she was " hurt and disgusted " , and asked Evans to leave a copy of the paper with her as way of cutting short the meeting .
No offence intended
It seems there was more to the grievance between Evans and the complainant than the fellatio paper incident , but an independent investigation found that Evans was not guilty of sexual harassment .
The investigation stated that it was reasonable for the colleague to have been offended and that showing the paper was a joke with a sexual innuendo , but that it was not Evans ' intention to cause offence .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The university 's president , Michael Murphy , nevertheless imposed a censure , which Evans says has prevented him getting tenure .
An online petition calling on the university authorities to back down has been set up and has been signed by high - profile academics including philosopher Daniel Dennett of Tufts University in Medford , Massachusetts , and Steven Pinker of Harvard University .
Dennett calls the punishment " an outrageous violation of academic freedom " and Pinker says the " absurd and shameful " judgment " runs contrary to the principle of intellectual freedom and freedom of speech , to say nothing of common sense " .
Advertisement
The paper , published last year in PLoS One , was covered in New Scientist and many other outlets .
The story had a certain prurient interest , which was only heightened by an explicit video that went with it
Advertisement
The Irish Federation of University Teachers has written to Murphy asking him to rescind the two - year period of monitoring .
Murphy 's office had not replied to an enquiry from New Scientist at the time of publication .
​​Medical marijuana activists are hotly protesting plans by Cook County , Illinois , officials to burn more than 5,500 pounds of cannabis seized last week in a big pot bust .
“ Depending on its purity , that represents a lot of medicine that could have helped so many Illinoisans , ” said Julie Falco , a North Side woman who uses marijuana to ease the symptoms of multiple sclerosis .
Chicago Sun-Times .
Last Wednesday ’s seizure of 5,525 pounds of pot — and the subsequent plan to burn the cannabis — has ignited a hot debate .
Her reaction was echoed by others calling on Illinois to join 14 other states in legalizing marijuana for medicinal purposes , reports Vernon Clement Jones at the .
Last Wednesday ’s seizure of 5,525 pounds of pot — and the subsequent plan to burn the cannabis — has ignited a hot debate .
​ The marijuana , with a street value estimated by police at $ 20 million , was found in a house in suburban Lyons , police said Friday .
Frederico Moreno , 35 , who was renting the place , has been charged with manufacturing and delivering cannabis .
He faces from six to 30 years in prison if convicted .
Police said they are planning to incinerate all but 10,000 grams of the pot , saving that amount as evidence .
“ We will solicit a court order today to have the rest incinerated safely , ” said Kevin Ruel , deputy chief of special investigations for the Cook County sheriff ’s office .
But medical marijuana advocates object to that plan .
“ Incinerating it is a waste , ” said Lisa Lange , who said she uses marijuana to ease chronic pain associated with degenerative osteoarthritis .
“ I would prefer to see it tested and then , if safe , distributed to compassionate care clubs . ”
But according to Lange , even the thousands of pounds of marijuana seized last week , which police said would have ended up on Chicago ’s streets , wo n’t make much of an impact on the local supply .
“ The only way to stop this trafficking is to show compassion for those who rely on medical cannabis and pass Bill 1381 , ” said Lange .
I visited the wall - street journal blog on June 24th which we all know is a conservative news paper and website .
We know republicans and conservatives read and even post on there , and I had read over 142 angry messages from democrats , independents and A LOT OF REPUBLICANS and posted some of their stories below .
As of today that number has grown to 722 messages on this unemployment bill failing and the sad state of what just happened has hit home for a lot of folks , many of them posting on that blog .
Some of the republicans over there and many other blogs I have visited now know that the party they supported for decades has left them in the cold .
No more benefits even for those republicans out of work .
The folks on there are upset , angry , scared and out for blood .
Its time for President Obama , Joe Biden and all the top democratic leadership to hold a national press conference and tell the American people who are out of work , that the republican party is not on their side and to rise up and take it to the streets .
I think the democrats have a platform to run on because every single week 200,000 people will be dropped from the rolls .
It 's time to tap into that group .
Read the voices of the unemployed ..... a lot of them REPUBLICANS !!
http://blogs.wsj.com/...
*
o Steve wrote : I ’ve paid over 40 % tax on over 100 k of salary per year for 15 years without so much as wincing , thats over 600 k in taxes in my lifetime so far and I ’ve never asked for anything from the government .
Now that I can’t find a job for the life of me , the republicans think that I am living high on the hog with such lavish unemployment benefits and would like to see it end before the economy has even recovered .
Thats fine , I ’m not homeless yet , as I ’m sure others will find themselves , but why ?
$ 33B to extend the UI benefits till the end of the year is a rounding error compared to the defense budget , a fraction of the subsidies and tax breaks doled out to corporations .
Republicans can try and portray themselves as fiscal hawks all they want , but there is a special place in hell for people like them
.
* Pennsylvania Man wrote : I too like Andy Thomas ( who posted at 5:50 pm today ) am a smart , articulate man that has sent our more resumes and cover letters than I can count .
Dispite my " Ivy League " degree I have not been able to find employment .
I have depended on the benefits offered by this country ( a country that I have helped to support with my taxes for the past 30 years ) to get through this difficult situation .
The Republicans should be ashamed of themselves for this filibuster .
They may be positioning themselves to win in the interim elections in November but they will not have my vote .
I will be changed my party affiliation to Democrat after 35 years as a Republican .
* Tmiller / Columbus Ohio wrote : Well Thanks Republicans .
I would suggest everyone to watch the stock market is going to bottom out .
Been working since 14 now 54 .
Layed off 14 months .
Extnsion denied .
Well we will have to pull out 401 K so will about 25 of our friends ( or MORE ) to survive .
If everperson on unemployment that has a 401k or retirement has to get in to it .
DEPRESSION OVER AND OVER AGAIN !!!!
Republicans get you head out of your butts and look at the whole picture .
Also get off your money and help starts some jobs .
* Macleod - California wrote :
This is unexceptable !
I am a rebublican , and embarrassed .
I have been unemployed for 15 months and now have no income due to denial of benifits .
I have been actively trying to find work since the first day I lost my job .
I have over 300 applications and resumes out .
Unemployment needs to be extended , it must be nice for the ones opposing the idea to extend benifits because they have a job and they have money to pay their bills and get food for their family , so they could give a rat ’s ...... about us .
Crime is going to rise and things are gonna get worse .
I hope they decide to make the right descion before the wrong descions are made in this country
*
musability wrote : Another reason for me to hate Republicans
* ayme_jayme wrote :
What the hell is wrong with these republicans ?
Many americans are struggling to find work with no luck .
We need this extension !
Starting next week I will no longer have any benefits .
I have $ 2.00 to my name .
I have sold half of my belongings .
I owe taxes because I could not afford to survive with money taken out of my unemployment checks .
I live in Michigan and have been looking for work for over a year .
There are just too many people applying for the same job .
Please , we need this !
* c walker wrote : I have come to the conclusion , that being an AMERICAN , whose husband has worked everyday , since he was 15 , and now has been unemployed since april 2009 , cannot find a job .
He is 58 , has been putting in applications all over , and no one is hiring . ( he is too old for the job market )
We can pay for illegal immigrants , pay for every disaster , in someone elses back yard , but when it comes to helping , our own the government says NO !
May
God help us , because no one else is .
* Roy wrote : After over 28 years as a Republican ( since I was a high school senior ) I ’ve changed my party affiliation to Independent .
Even though I am an educated professional , I ’ve been unemployed for nearly a year and I just exhausted my Tier 1 benefits .
Now I ’m learning that the Republican are filibustering to squelch any further extension of unemployment benefits .
Despite the many philosophical differences I have with the Democrat party , I will be voting Democrat this November .
Like Tim Bragg stated , these out - of - touch millionaire senators do n’t give a damn for the unemployed American people .
All they care about is the rich and Corporate America .
Let ’s hope that all of the Republicans and blue - dog Democrats lose their seats this November .
And Rush Limbaugh , Sean Hannity , Glenn Beck and all of the other Republican hacks can go to hell !
* John wrote :
The republicans do n’t care about the deficit .
That is a red herring .
All those tax cuts increased the size of the deficit .
They have the cruel idea that those on unemployment are lazy and do n’t really want to work .
But there are n’t enough jobs .
Do they expect the unemployed to create their own jobs ?
Watch the economy start to contract again once these benefits are cut off .
* Vicki wrote : I was devastated that the bill did not get through the House today .
Then I learned that even if it had passed , the Senate would do what they did last time .
Block it !
If any of you watched it , the Rep. from Michigan was a piece of work .
We have to pay for it first ... That is always so interesting / disgusting to me - the Republicans send money for the war - then bailed out Wall Street .. but that smug fool stood there saying it had to be paid for .
While the unemployed go hungry ... not his family .
They then went on to discuss the " wildlife protection " in Wisconsin by the gun manufacturers and that it was all ok and going to be paid for .
I then realized that if anyone was believeing the bull he was dishing about gun manufacturers and companies " protecting " the areas for wildlife , then they would believe anything .
He said he " needed to hunt " and laughed .
Yep , that is certainly the priority today so he and his gun club and his children ( which he mentioned ) can go shoot and kill something .
It is strange that the House and Senate seem the " need to hunt " unemployed Americans and now that they have blood on their hands from the elderly woman who died of heat stroke because her electricity was shut off , the fisherman who shot himself in the Gulf and countless others , they want more .
Like sharks in a feeding frenzy ...
I am scared , do n’t doubt that for a moment ... a senior , unemployed husband and about to be homeless ...
* Rich Clanton wrote : I am ashamed to be a republican right now .
I cannot believe that my party could be so hearless to leave so many americans heading for the streets .
I was laid off a year and a half ago and have looked all day every day for work and have had only two responses that went nowhere .
My party has got to face up to it THERE ARE NO JOBS you idiots .
Take your cushy jobs and choke on them .
* Fed up wrote : Like Roy , I too was a lifetime Republican .
I emphasize , WAS .
After working for 35 years , I have been out of work for 14 months , and when I need help the most , all I see happening in the Senate is fat cat Senators worrying about protecting the interests of big business .
Never have I seen a bunch more out of touch with the people they say they represent than the Republicans , led by the biggest moron of all , Mitch McConnell .
Their arrogance and contempt for the plight of the unemployed is disgraceful .
I hope the Democratic leadership does not give up , because we do need their help .
This November , for the first time , I vote Democratic .
* Gary Bouldin wrote :
It helps me sleep better at night knowing that the Republican " fat cats " have a job .
It would be ever - so disturbing to me , personally , should any of these elected officials lose their elite positions and end up at the Emoloyment Office or better yet , at a Temp Service only to be told their over qualified or that the position was " just filled . "
It would be ever - so unerving to me to watch them leave after being turned down , heads hanging with the thoughts of , " How am I going to pay the rent ?
How am I going to keep the lights turned on ?
What can I pawn so I can get a handful of groceries ? "
So , thank God for the ones in office who do n’t give a rat ’s ass , that with a stroke of a pen or the twist of a lever who are able to shoot down the hopes of the millions that are unemployed who are NEEDING a simple leg - up , just to keep them going until they can at least get a toe - hold and not have to be dependant on what some of these lawmakers deem as charity .
Someday , perhaps , your lack of compassion and consideration will come home to you AND your families .
*
Ex Republican voter in Ga wrote : Both of GA ’s Senators are republican .
Friday , they both voted not to extend Unemployment benefits .
This is an " in your face " to the state , as we were expecting the benefits of the package to help us limp along until times are better .
Congress has NEVER cut unemployment benefits during a recession ... until now .
33 billion is a drop in the bucket , cut spending somewhere else .
Both Senators are up for re-election this year .
I will vote for their opponent this July 20th .
* Chicagoan wrote : I was laid off one year ago , I am a single dad and have two kids in public school .
Their mom passed away two years ago which was extreamly hard on all of us and now I have to worry about living in the streets with my kids .
I have many qualifications in the field I work but no jobs to be found .
I only have a short time left on my unemployment and have been working and paying my taxes for 34 years .
Now I ’m thinking all those years learning my trade will be wasted because I will probably have to find two or three under paying jobs to support my family .
I will never be around for my kids if I need to do that so what will happen to them .
The polititions need to get off their collective a**es and get the unemployment extensions and then create a job bill .
My vote will be gioing to the person that has the best for the American people in mind .
* Smittys_Girl wrote : I was cutoff from unemployment 2 - 1/ 2 weeks ago without warning .
I then found out that the Senate was again playing games with people ’s lives .
They are now set to wreak further havoc on an already weak economy by voting " No " to this legislation .
Have n’t they listened to all of the economists who are supporting this extension ?
So all of the folks with their " holier than thou " comments better beware , it ’s not just the unemployed that are going to suffer as a result of this Congressional craziness .
It ’s everyone .
I am 56 years old and lost my job in April of ‘ 08 when my position was eliminated due to the deteriorating economy .
I had been with the company 24 years , had an exemplary record and a 4 - year IT degree .
I have had a total of 5 interviews in the past 2 years after applying to 100 ’s of jobs .
The only job I have found so far was working temporarily for the US Census Bureau for $ 12.25 an hour ; before I was making $ 76 K a year .
I suggest the individuals who are criticiziing the unemployed ask themselves if this the way they would like to be treated if the roles were reversed .
They may very well be some day ; no one is immune !
* Cheryl wrote :
My husband experienced a downsizing in Dec .
He is 64 years old and a Vietnam Vet !
Neither he nor I have ever collected unemployment !
His tier 1 benefits are about to run out with no extension .
We are angry .
Reduce benefits as you increase tiers - phase out from 99 weeks back - not everyone !!
Between the two of us - we have PAID INTO unemployment for 80 YEARS without using it .
This is so unfair .!!!!
Is anyone listening ??
SHAME ON ALL OF YOU - DEMOCRATS AND REPUBLICANS !!!!!!!!!
* Rosalba wrote :
My unemployment benefits are about to expire and I am so scared .
I have a liberal and fine arts degree and have not found a job in almost 10 months .
I am freaking out !
I try not to think about it as much because I dont have kids or married so things should be easier for me ?
What about my student loans ?
my car ?
other debts .
Sometimes I feel selffish for feeling despread for a job because I live at my parents but things cant be like this forever !!
I am used to working for everything or the little that I have .... but where are the jobs ?
* Sorry wrote : I am so sorry I so stupidly wasted my vote on Scott Brown In Massachusettes .
I promise not to make that mistake next election and will FOREVER be more careful with my vote
* An Unemployed Kentuckian wrote : Dear Senator Mitch McConnell ,
Thank you for turning my American Dream into the American Nightmare !
By leading the Grand Old Party of No to block the extension of unemployment benefits for 15 million Americans that have been victims of the Great Recession you have harmed our future generations greatly .
You believe you are protecting those generations , but how can that be when their parents are n’t able to provide them a decent meal or a roof over their heads , yet alone a good education .
You state that deficit spending is unsustainable and I agree , but do n’t try making your political point on the backs of hurting Americans .
You also fail to mention that cutting off the only income for over 10 % of the population will also increase the deficit through lower tax receipts .
I played by all the rules , getting my Bachelor and Master degrees from top tier schools while working two jobs at times to pay for it .
I have worked since I was 16 and have never had a need to take the Unemployment Insurance I have earned , but now it is the only thing keeping my family afloat .
Historically our government has always extended the protection unemployment insurance provides during times of high unemployment .
It is a short term fix to protect Americans until the job creation engine revs up again .
I do n’t seem to remember your fiscal discipline during the Bush years .
( Lest you forget the surplus at the beginning of his term , the tax cuts you put through Congress and the two unfunded wars you put us in . )
In case you have not looked out of your Ivory Tower lately , REAL AMERICANS ARE HURTING !
There are five unemployed workers for every job out there .
I have applied for over 100 jobs during my time on unemployment , tapped my network for any assistance available , and attended numerous job fairs .
I have certainly realized that I wo n’t be able to find a job that pays nearly what I made before , but have been told numerous times I am overqualified and the company does not want to hire someone they think will move on to a better paying position as soon as the market improves .
I think you have been in Washington too long and have forgotten who you represent .
You are forcing me to leave the great state I love and pursue opportunities in states that are growing .
I thought we were trying to keep the best and brightest in our state .
You either want me to throw my education away or give it to another state .
How is that representing the best for Kentucky ?
It ’s a shame you are not up for re-election this year because by the time we will finally be able to Ditch Mitch , I will most likely be living in a new state .
Thanks again Senator McConnell .
* Unemployed Angel wrote : I have sent out resumes or applied to every viable job I could do .
I will vote against everyone one that has voted against me .
That ’s the way I see it .
Republicans beware ... there ’s a feeling , a hatred that is coming you ’re way and the feeling is tangible .
We hate your political , money grubbing butts .
Trust me , whether it passes or not , I will remember in November how much stress you added to people who are already stressed from not having a job .
I will take my unemployed self and specially volunteer to defeat you .
We now hate your party .
I have vote Republican many times - Never again .
* Sheri wrote :
It amazes me that the Senate can not put the interests of the people first .
I guess I have to realize they have a home , food on the table and health insurance and even if they are voted out in November , they will still have health insurance and retirement to keep food on their table .
3 weeks or more now for some of no unemployment benefits - when they were counting on this - is a rug pulled out from under them .
My husband was out of work for 8 months back in 2006 , the stress caused a breakdown and he and our family fought our way back , even though we lost our home and went into bankruptcy .
That was then - this is now .
Now , is very different .
We have a landlord that , due to our past credit history ( which was so good before the job loss ) , informed us that if we are one day late with the rent we will be evicted .
If we ca n’t pay our rent , we ca n’t pay our COBRA which is at 35 % until September .
So , basically , now , we face eviction , homelessness and what ?
We ca n’t put our dauaghter in a shelter .
We do not qualify for the Medicaid or food stamps because my husband has a small Social Security pension which he took to survive .
But , this small amount , which does n’t even pay our rent , puts us over the limit for help .
These senators are not seeing the real picture and so what if we rant and carry on , in a few weeks we will be doing it from a street corner .
My husband is 63 and would work if he could , he has medical issues and I have a heart condition .
Do they care ?
They have no statistics they can use to see how many have died as a result of their inaction , lack of compassion and basically , selfishness .
What goes around does come around and I will leave it at that ...
* Betty J wrote : I have never been unemployed before .
I have been
working for 18 years , until last year when my employer
went belly up .
I ’ve been getting unemployment checks since being laid
off 1yr ago in Nevada ...
They stopped 3 weeks ago ... I
have no way of paying my electric bill , which dose n’t
matter , because I will be getting thrown out of my apt
in six days anyway .
If this unemployment bill dose n’t
pass , can some of these senators loan me some rent
money til they make up their minds so i wo n’t have to
live in my car with my 7 yr old ?
PLEASE HELP !
Betty J. Nv
* formerrepub wrote : I cant wait for things to come back on handout and I promise you they certainly will .
Having voted a straight republican ticket my whole life I can assure you that will change .
I also warn everyone to not vote for tea party nutjobs because they are even further right than the yahoo’s retards in Congress right now .
Very ashamed of myself because I had a hand in voting Voinovich in office .
No more republicans from me .
Handout be man enough to show your face when us unemployed take to the streets and throw you obese repubs from your homes .
It is coming my friend because I refuse to sleep under a bridge in the hood .
* K gm wrote :
You can rest assured I am thru being rebulican–i will vote democratic no matter who they are
* Fran wrote :
How dare these Republicans do this to us ?
I have been out of work for nearly a year and a half and cannot find any kind of work whatsoever .
I have worked for over 25 years and have never asked for any assistance from the government .
It ’s shameful what America is becoming with their own people .
The only thing that kept my hopes up was the fact that I was still getting some money from my unemployment benefits .
Now this is ending and my family and I are going to suffer greatly from lack of money .
What do the Republicans care anyways , with their mansions and million dollar salaries .
I wish upon them the same misfortune that millions of Americans have had , including myself .
May they rot in hell
.
* Andy Thomas wrote : I am an unemployed American that has been literally sending out hundreds of individually tailored resumes and cover letters .
I am smart and articulate but have not received one opportunity to even interview !
The unemployment funds that I ’ve been receiving keep food on the table for my wife and I .
I can only imagine what things would be like if we had kids .
I have voted Republican since I was 18 and I can assure you that because of their current stance on passing unemployment legislation , I will never again vote for the Republican party .
I am going to use every ounce of influence that I have ( 550 facebook friends , college connections , friend , etc ) to get the message out about what has happened in the Senate .
( And yes , before you ask , I ’ve exhausted all of these resources looking for a job ) .
The Republican party is going down , you can take that to the bank !... facepumpers !
* DavidTexas wrote : I have been unemployed since June 09 .
I have posted over 200 resumes in my field and filled out applications in every other possible opening , from convenience store clerk to pizza delivery .
I have lost my home and am living with family .
I have lost all self pride and nearly all hope .
I have three children , the oldest of wich is serving in Afganastan .
He joined the military because I advised him to serve his country , wich we both love ..... wich I am currently ashamed .
After 26 years of working , and paying taxes , and serving my country , and doing all that I am expected to do , I am left out in the cold .
My benefits expired May 29th and I ’m scared .
* roble Solved wrote : Stop voting for politicians who take campaign contributions from buisnesses .
Stop buying goods from companies that shipped our jobs out of the country .
Buy american made products only only only .
Do not buy products from companies that buy senators without morals .
We Vote .. We purchase ... we are in control .
Why are we laying down and playing dead ?
Let us
Vote out these criminals and take back our country 1 election at a time until we are back in control .
Do not let them pass the unemployment bill with a bill tacked on that ships out more jobs .
with 15 million or more people out of work ... who ’s going to pay back the ILLEGAL syndicate called ‘ fed ’ ?
I worked from age 16 to 44 .
paid taxes every year .
Wife lost her job after 15 yrs of service ..... we lost the house
I lost my job after 14 years of service and really do n’t have much to lose .
Being on Unemployment I got to make new decisions .... food or rent ..... food or car payment .... food or electricity ...... food or medical insurance for family of 5 .... tough decisions .... collectivly this family of 5 is down more than 100 lbs in 6 months ....
And now you stop the unemployment completely !
after only a few short months !
Now I get to make new decisions like live or die ....... live or die ...... live or die .... I ’m sooooo hungry !
Finding a job now should be easier now too !
After the car gets reposessed and the phone gets shut off and I get booted out of my apt just after getting throw out of my own house by thieving group of government bankers " fannie " Mcdonalds said no ... I ca n’t even apply .
" I would leave during training if offered another job " they said
Supermarket ...... gas station .... pizza delivery ..... all said they do not hire people my age for that reason .
Ca n’t believe how hungry I am ...
* Iredell Sanders wrote : I must retain a home and a legal income on order to get custody of my kids .
The 15 month dead line is coming up and after that the state can put my kids up for aboption .
Just give me a job !
What are we going to do ?
The system notes that I am a good fit parent .
I just need a job .
Most often even if there is a hireing sign they say no applications or the positins been filled .
I ask for a job at a store and they say " NOT HIREING " , but then I see new workers as time goes by .
One of the new workers had her arm in a sling tring to bag groceries .
One has to know some one in order to get a job .
One has to fit a profile of gender and race .
I just hate that .
I hate that card altogether .
Family tends to bond together .
None of my family has the means to production or a job to give , or money to spare .
Just give me two mules and some seads then put me on a boat back home .
* bigoldb wrote : I have worked for 18 years and never been on unemployment .
I was laid off 3 times from 3 separate jobs in one year in Arizona .
I have 250 applications I have filled out and had response back from 20 employers who all declined me a position .
Now unemployment says I have to wait to find out if I get an extension like the government promised until they decide on this bill .
This is garbage to say the least and I expect more from the United States of America .
I am a stay home dad now with a 4 year old boy and a 9 year old daughter home for the summer break .
I try to teach them the best and encourage them about being good people .
It gets hard sometimes to teach them these things when we have an economic system that has failed .
There is supposed to be a future for Americans and something called an American dream .
We can fund a war to chase a ghost Named Bin Laden and spend years not finding him .
If you or I were him would our government wage war for us ???
I do n’t believe they would ..... Lets face it if we brought home the troops and spent a quarter of that money securing our country we would be safer not to mention be able to provide unemployment and strengthen businesses to return a profit and and be able to hire employees again .
This is sad !!!
I feel for all of you fellow Americans who are like me and just seek opportunity .
As a white American I can stand behind Martin Luther Kings statement ................... I have a dream !!!!!
* bready wrote : I live in Virginia and I am a 56 year old woman and have been out of work since December 2007 and I been looking for work and have not found anything .
I have been working since I was 16 year old and I did not even thank that it would be this hard to find a job .
Most jobs are looking for younger people and I have been everywhere .
I have received my last unemployment check Januarty 2010 and I had to move in with my daughter because I could not afford to stay where I was because I did not have any money coming in .
Right now I only getting food stamps .
I do not even have money to get my medicine that the unemployment check I was receiving was helping me to get my medicine and was helping me to pay my light bill .
Now I have to rely on my daughter to pay for my medicine and she cannot even ca n’t do this because she have to girls she is raising and it is very depressing depending on her and this have reallyt affert me mentallly and physically .
Virginia only have tiers 1 through 3 and I ran out in January 2010 .
So Virginia need more weeks added onto tier 3 or we need to move to tier 4 .
* do your part now !!!!!!!!!!!!!
wrote : People its all or nothing now !
If you do not help we get nowhere .
Make the call , email or visit local office .
this is your fight !
Now get out there and WIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cspan and bring up tier 5
Washington Journal Telephone Numbers
Republicans : ( 202 ) 737-0001
Democrats : ( 202 ) 737-0002
Independents : ( 202 ) 628-0205
Outside U.S. : ( 202 ) 628-0184
C- SPAN Radio : radio@c-span.org * call this toll free number 1-888-245-0215
and speak with V.P. or any member of congress or the senate *
Coulby is spearheading a demonstration planned for July 2 on the Mall in Washington , D.C.
He ’s asking the unemployed who are losing their benefits to converge on the Mall at noon with tents and resumes .
The tents will symbolize the unemployed who are losing their homes .
The resumes will be used for a bonfire to symbolize the lack of jobs .
" The event is meant to raise awareness and show the country that the unemployed are willing to do whatever is necessary to survive , " Coulby said .
I asked Coulby why he felt compelled to organize a demonstration .
" The real question is not why I felt compelled to do this but instead how anyone could read the posts of desperate Americans and not be willing to take any action , " he said .
" Also , it sickens me to read the few posts stating that the unemployed are lazy and / or do not deserve any assistance .
The world would be a much brighter place if we were defined not by what we have but by our willingness to help others . "
If you want more information about Coulby ’s planned event , you can email him at lols01@aol.com .
Grassroots demonstration for extended unemployment benefits planned for July 2 in Washington DC http://www.mlive.com/... its up to you now to be the home front and fight from there !!!!
e mail ed@edschultzshow.com ask him to send people to meet with us Happy Independence day !
What a great time to celebrate Freedom , Democracy , the Constitution , the Bill of Rights and our Founding Fathers .
200,000 people per week will drop off if this UI does n't pass , 1 million per month until the election .
I hope those folks who lose their benefits reward those at the polls in November who blocked this extension by voting their ASSES OUT !!
Payback is a bitch and I hope those republicans senators and congress get what they deserve when their own party members start voting democrats in 2010 .
I have a feeling this wo n't be that bad for democrats this fall .
Thanks for the REC !!!
I just wanted to add this ex republican comment that I found in the comments section that AMMO posted .
It sent a chill up my spine when I read it .
I had to add it to my diary .
An interview between a vacant barbie doll and a crack head pastor .
Continue Reading
New carbon dating techniques reveal that 14,700 years ago humans living in Gough 's Cave in the Mendips acquired a taste for the flesh of their relatives , and not just for ritual reasons
Scientists have identified the first humans to recolonise Britain after the last ice age .
The country was taken over in a couple of years by individuals who practised cannibalism , they say - a discovery that revolutionises our understanding of the peopling of Britain and the manner in which men and women reached these shores .
Research has shown that tribes of hunter - gatherers moved into Britain from Spain and France with extraordinary rapidity when global warming brought an end to the ice age 14,700 years ago and settled in a cavern – known as Gough 's Cave – in the Cheddar Gorge in what is now Somerset .
From the bones they left behind , scientists have also discovered these people were using sophisticated butchering techniques to strip flesh from the bones of men , women and children .
" These people were processing the flesh of humans with exactly the same expertise that they used to process the flesh of animals , " said Professor Chris Stringer of the Natural History Museum in London .
" They stripped every bit of food they could get from those bones . "
The discovery of the speed of Britain 's recolonisation after the last ice age , and the disquieting fate of some of those first settlers , is the result of two major technological breakthroughs .
The first involves the development of a technique known as ultra-filtration carbon dating .
Perfected by scientists based at Oxford University 's radiocarbon accelerator unit , it allows researchers to pinpoint the ages of ancient bones and other organic material with unprecedented accuracy .
The second breakthrough involves the use of a machine known as the Alicona 3D microscope .
Using this device , Dr Silvia Bello of the Natural History Museum has studied the cut marks left on bones of humans and animals in Gough 's Cave .
Scientists already knew cannibalism had been practised in the cavern , but were unclear if it was a ritual process or involved the deliberate killing of humans .
However , Bello has found humans had been butchered with the same stone tools that had been used to cut up animals .
In other words , animal and human flesh was treated the same way by these early Britons .
In addition to these findings , the discovery – by Danish scientists a few years ago – that the last ice age ended with astonishing rapidity has also played a key role in reappraising the recolonisation of Britain .
Far from being a gradual process , in which men and women slowly reoccupied territory that had been taken from them by spreading glaciers , the resettling of Britain now appears to have been rapid , dramatic and bloody .
For around 60,000 years the planet had shivered as ice sheets fluctuated over large parts of the northern and southern hemisphere – including Britain , then a peninsula of northern Europe , which supported a small population of humans for much of this time .
However , around 24,000 years ago , the weather worsened drastically .
Britain 's last inhabitants either died out or headed southwards for some continental warmth in refuges in northern Spain and central France .
Britain's icy desolation ended abruptly 14,700 years ago when there was a dramatic leap in temperatures across the globe according to ice - cores found in Greenland and lake sediments in Germany .
In less than three years , temperatures had soared by around 6 to 7 degrees Celsius and ice sheets began a rapid retreat throughout the world .
Such a jump in temperature brought about an astonishing change in the world 's weather patterns – though the underlying cause remains unclear , scientists admit .
Suggestions include the proposal that variations in the orbit of the Earth around the Sun allowed more solar radiation to bathe the planet and so warm it up .
It has also been proposed that there may have been a sudden eruption of carbon dioxide from the oceans .
This helped trap heat from the sun in the atmosphere and so heat up the world .
" Whatever the reason , it was good news in those days , because the world was so cold and so it heated up nicely .
However , if a rise like that happened today it would be devastating , " said Dr Tom Higham , deputy director of the Oxford radiocarbon unit .
" The world would be scorched .
That is one of the most important aspects of the story of the resettling of Britain . "
Higham 's work , in collaboration with his late colleague Roger Jacobi , has involved studying the ages of the bones found at Gough 's Cave in the Somerset Mendips , the earliest post-ice age site at which modern human remains have been found .
The bones of half a dozen people – including children , adolescents and adults – were found in the cave in the 1980s , a discovery that made national headlines when it was revealed that these remains bore patterns of cut marks that suggested they had been the victims of cannibalism .
Other sites of this antiquity , in Germany and France , have also supplied evidence that human bones had been butchered .
But the Gough 's Cave finds were puzzling because radiocarbon dates indicated that humans had used the cave for more than 2,000 years , including several centuries in which the country would have been covered in ice sheets .
" The problem with radiocarbon dates of this antiquity is that it only takes a tiny trace of contamination from modern organic material to distort results , " said Higham .
" That is why we kept getting such a range of ages from the Gough 's Cave bones . "
To get round this problem , Jacobi and Higham worked on a technique – known as ultra-filtration – which involves using a series of complex chemical treatments to destroy any modern contamination in samples taken from the cave .
First results of dates supplied using this technique were published by the scientists in a paper in Quaternary Science Reviews last year and were based on their re-analysis of the bones of Gough 's Cave .
These revealed a very different picture for the ages for the bones than had previously been calculated .
Instead of dates being spread over a couple of thousand years , the new ones clustered tightly round an age of 14,700 years before present – the exact moment that the world had begun its dramatic defrosting .
Within a year or two , humans had left their southern refuges and were heading north into Britain , it was revealed .
In other words , the end of the ice age was almost instantaneous – and so was the manner in which we exploited it .
In those days , humans were nomadic hunter - gatherers : strong , relatively well - nourished individuals who followed the herds of wild horses that then roamed Europe .
These animals provided men , women and children with their main source of protein .
" The weather suddenly got warm , the horses headed north and men and women followed them , " said Higham .
" It would have been a very rapid business . "
As for the route of this migration , it probably took these ancient hunter - gatherers across Doggerland – a now submerged stretch of land in the North Sea that is known as Dogger Bank today – and into eastern England .
Within a couple of years , they had reached Gough 's Cave , though the cavern would not have formed a permanent residence but would most likely have served as a refuge to which they could return on a regular basis .
Previously it had been thought that the cave had been occupied , on or off , for around 2,000 years .
However , the new set of dates generated by Higham shows that these not only cluster round the date of 14,700 years before the present , but that they cover only a very narrow range of about a hundred years or less .
In other words , the cave was occupied for only a few generations at that time .
However , it is the behaviour of those few generations that has perplexed scientists for the past 20 years and which led to the new investigation by Bello .
" The bone fragments we have found suggest we are looking at the remains of five individuals , " she said .
" These remains include one young child , aged between three and four , two adolescents , a young adult and an older adult .
So we have every kind of age group represented in the Gough 's Cave remains . "
Bello has found that each of these sets of remains is covered with marks that show they had been the subject of comprehensive butchery , with all muscle and tissue being stripped from them .
But why de -flesh those bones in the first place ?
What triggered such an extreme act ?
To provide answers , scientists have put forward a number of different theories .
These include suggestions that it was a form of ritual which involved the eating of small pieces of a relative 's flesh , not as a source of nutrition , but as an act of homage .
Others have argued that it involved a form of crisis cannibalism in which people ate the flesh of others because all other sources of food had disappeared .
" An example of that sort of cannibalism was provided by the Andes air crash in 1972 when survivors ate the flesh of those who had been killed in the accident , " said Stringer .
And finally there is straightforward cannibalism in which humans hunt , kill and eat other humans because they have a preference for human flesh .
This is sometimes known as homicidal cannibalism .
The new evidence that is emerging from Bello's work does not resolve the issue , though some significant pointers have been uncovered .
" These people were breaking up bones to get at the marrow inside , " she said .
" They were stripping off all of the muscle mass .
Brains seemed to have been removed .
Tongues seemed to have been removed .
And it is also possible that eyes were being removed .
It was very systematic work . "
In addition , human remains appear to have been disposed of in the same way as animal bones , by being dumped in a single pit .
Such evidence suggests straightforward cannibalism was carried out in Gough 's Cave .
However , there are other factors to note , said Bello .
" These were very difficult times and it is still quite possible people ate each other because there simply was n't anything else to eat . "
The landscape – although rapidly recovering – would still have been pretty barren , particularly in winter .
In addition , Bello also pointed out that the remains of only a few individuals had been found at Gough 's Cave .
In other words , there is no evidence that large - scale human butchery had been practised there .
" That means we cannot completely rule out the possibility that this was some form of ritual cannibalism , although I think it is unlikely , " said Bello .
At present , most evidence indicates that humans were probably using the skills that they had acquired in butchering animal flesh , in particular the meat of horses as well as reindeer , another stone age favourite , in order to cut up humans who had died of natural causes .
" We do n't see any traumatic wounds in these remains which would suggest violence was being inflicted on living people .
This was some kind of cultural process that they brought with them from Europe , " she said .
Whatever the nature of the cannibalism that was carried out by these early settlers , it did them little good in the end .
Two thousand years after the ice age ended , Europe was plunged into a new , catastrophic freeze .
A massive lake of glacial meltwater built up over northern America .
Then it burst its banks and billions of gallons of icy water poured into the north Atlantic , deflecting the Gulf Stream .
Temperatures in Britain plunged back to their ice age levels and the country was once again completely depopulated .
" This new period of intense cold lasted for more than a thousand years , " said Stringer .
" Only by 11,500 years did conditions start to return to their present level – and Britain was colonised by humans for the last time . "
• This article was amended on 23 June 2010 to correct the spelling of Dr Silvia Bello 's name .
On healthcare costs , any attempt to restrain the massive fiscal burden of the care of people in their last days and hours of their lives - by entirely voluntary attempts to get them to prepare powers of attorney in advance - will be described as death - panels .
This new form of Christianity - unlike the vast tradition stretching back to the Middle Ages - believes that even those in a vegetative state should be kept on feeding tubes for ever .
Everything they stand for is about more spending , not less .
Remember that none of these people were up in arms when an evangelical president was adding trillions of debt , with not even a gesture at funding any of it .
And they want to cut taxes as well .
So why are they really there ?
They want their country back .
That 's what they tell us .
I watched a CNN segment where one woman explicitly described Obama as Satan 's agent .
And the biggest applause of the Palin speech was her reference to children with special needs , her brilliant way of telling the base that she is a real pro-lifer and not a fake one .
That 's why she hauls little Trig everywhere she goes .
He 's a pro-life prop .
A special needs child would be kept at home , cared for intently , and out of the limelight .
This is about Christianism , permanent war against Islam , rounding up illegals ( did you hear Tancredo ? ) and a culture war against the cities and " unreal Americans " .
Unreal means not Christianist .
Know fear .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Roth IRA Limits : Aged , Contributed , Phased Out , and Converted
What ’s the Best IRA For You ?
Google Voice , the popular and often controversial VoIP , voicemail , and messaging service from Mountain View search giant Google is now open for anyone in the U.S. to use .
Previously , you could only open a Google Voice account if you received an invitation from a user already participating in the program .
Advertisement
In May , Google opened the program to anybody with a .edu mail account , giving students and educators a shot at it .
But with already over one million users in the invitation - only version , Google has opened Voice to anyone .
" We 're proud of the progress we 've made with Google Voice over the last few years , and we 're still just scratching the surface of what 's possible when you combine your regular phone service with the latest web technology .
It 's even more amazing to think about how far communication has come over the last couple hundred years , " Google said today .
To sign up for Google Voice , click here
WASHINGTON  Federal food regulators took a tentative step Monday toward banning a common use of penicillin and tetracycline in the water and feed given cattle , chickens and pigs in hopes of slowing the growing scourge of killer bacteria .
But the Food and Drug Administration has tried without success for more than three decades to ban such uses .
In the past , Congress has stepped in at the urging of agricultural interests and stopped the agency from acting .
In the battle between public health and agriculture , the guys with the cowboy hats generally win .
The F.D.A. released a policy document stating that agricultural uses of antibiotics should be limited to assuring animal health , and that veterinarians should be involved in the drugs ’ uses .
While doing nothing to change the present oversight of antibiotics , the document is the first signal in years that the agency intends to rejoin the battle to crack down on agricultural uses of antibiotics that many infectious disease experts oppose .
Cohen was criticized from all sides in the days after the murder , but a year later he was being widely praised for his handling of the crisis .
Time magazine named Cohen a “ European hero ” and dubbed him a “ hate buster . ”
In 2006 he was runner - up in a contest for the “ World Mayor ” award .
( The winner was the mayor of Melbourne . )
Nevertheless , the murder continued to shake Dutch society , precisely because it kept the question of national identity —
“ Who are we as a people ? ” — in the forefront .
When , in 2007 , Wilders called for the Koran to be banned in the country , it caused outrage , but at the same time his underlying message — that , as he has declared , “ we are heading for the end of European and Dutch civilization as we know it ” — reflected a widespread feeling that the country ’s way of handling immigration was a disaster .
That way , in a word , was multiculturalism , the reigning dogma of the Dutch left in the 1980s and 1990s .
By its logic , the government , far from insisting that newcomers integrate , actually provided money so that immigrant communities could keep up the traditions and language of their homelands , maintaining little Moroccos and Turkeys within the Dutch borders , largely disconnected from the wider society .
If multiculturalism had failed , did Wilders represent the only alternative ?
In Amsterdam , Cohen kept to his own agenda , at some remove from the national debate .
Management of his intensely multiethnic city in the post - 9/11 period led him to alter his traditional Dutch liberalism .
Immigrants , he held , needed to become part of society , and that included learning the language and respecting the laws , and appreciating what he considers the paramount Dutch value , freedom .
Newcomers , he told me , should study a Dutch canon of important historical events and figures .
Cohen ’s idea seems to have been to move away from the multicultural extreme while also avoiding the anti-immigrant extreme , to fashion a practical inclusiveness .
He has repeatedly said that “ Keeping Things Together ” was his motto for governing the city .
“ I think he would be the first to say that keeping things together is more a strategy than a philosophy , ” says Paul Scheffer , a Dutch sociologist who is one of the leading thinkers of the Labor Party but who has also been critical of Cohen .
“ What ’s behind it is experience .
He understands that the relationships between groups in our time are fragile .
He has a modest ambition . ”
At the same time , after the Van Gogh murder , Cohen realized he needed a guiding theory or doctrine .
He sought out Jean Tillie , a professor at the Institute for Migration and Ethnic Studies at the University of Amsterdam , who had been influenced by the Harvard political scientist Robert Putnam , and in particular his understanding of social capital .
Putnam had studied the breakdown of community and the increasing individual isolation that modern society engenders , most famously described in his 2000 book , “ Bowling Alone . ”
In 2006 , Tillie led a study of the city ’s immigrant groups , focusing on what made certain Muslim communities turn toward a violent , radical philosophy , and he issued a report .
For the first time , it quantified the threat : about 2 percent of Amsterdam ’s Muslim population — 1,400 people in all — were potentially becoming radicalized .
The report made certain recommendations .
Cohen ’s City Hall formalized an antiradicalization plan that has since been copied by several other European cities .
“ Maybe the most important result of the study was that it showed that radicalization results from social isolation , ” Tillie says .
“ Therefore , building networks in the city among ethnic and religious organizations was an important recommendation . ”
Social networks , in this reckoning , come in two types : weak and strong .
Business relationships are examples of weak networks , in which people communicate with one another infrequently .
An ethnic community in a neighborhood , by contrast , might constitute a strong network , in which participants see and exchange ideas with one another on a daily basis .
It may be logical to think that such a strong , localized network would shun the wider society and so be a potential breeding ground for radicalization , so that an antiradicalization plan might seek to weaken it .
But according to Tillie , the paradox is that if a strong network is given support , its members will become active participants in society .
Thus came the most contentious feature of Cohen ’s tenure as mayor of Amsterdam : his decision to give a sympathetic ear even to insular and orthodox Muslim communities .
“ Drinking tea in mosques ” became a term of derision used by those convinced this was exactly the wrong tack .
When , in March , Cohen announced his intention to take over his party — and in effect to go straight at Geert Wilders in the coming election —
Wilders castigated him as “ tea - drinking , multiculti- coddling Cohen . ”
That criticism does n’t seem to bother Cohen ’s supporters .
“ Tea drinking was actually a policy recommendation , ” Tillie told me .
“ We did not really write ‘ drink tea , ’ but we did say you should talk to people who think the system is not legitimate , and work together with religious organizations . ”
The city has given support to a variety of immigrant and community organizations , including conservative mosques , with the idea of working together to fight radicalization .
As Cohen told me : “ The approach is geared toward the individual .
You hear that one of these kids has changed in the past few months .
Is there someone who knows him , who can talk to him ?
You put questions :
Why do n’t you go to school ?
Should I look for a job for you ?
If you think life is better in Morocco , go and see for yourself . ”
Pieter Jan van Slooten , a policy adviser who works on the antiradicalization program , told me that his office now works hand in hand with mosques as well as schools and community groups to determine when young Muslims show signs of falling prey to radicalism .
Nanny State June 7 , 2010
It can be a very effective technique in debate to take your opponent ’s statement and reword it to make your own point .
Steven Landsburg shares with us what he would have written if he had been the writer for a New York Times article on New York State ’s proposed minimum wage law for nannies ( emphasis added ) :
New York state may soon become the first state to restrict employment opportunities for nannies .
The state Senate passed a bill this week that would prohibit New York ’s approximately 200,000 household workers from accepting any position that does not include paid holidays , overtime pay and sick days .
Opponents say the step will bring unnecessary hardship to thousands of women — and some men — who have found employment because of labor markets that operate freely , except for constraints imposed by the federal minimum wage .
Yes , if only they would n’t pass this minimum wage law , we could get back to the free market .
As Kevin Carson might say , “ Jesus , vulgar much ? ” :
Vulgar libertarian apologists for capitalism use the term “ free market ” in an equivocal sense : they seem to have trouble remembering , from one moment to the next , whether they ’re defending actually existing capitalism or free market principles .
So we get the standard boilerplate article arguing that the rich ca n’t get rich at the expense of the poor , because “ that ’s not how the free market works ” –implicitly assuming that this is a free market .
When prodded , they ’ll grudgingly admit that the present system is not a free market , and that it includes a lot of state intervention on behalf of the rich .
But as soon as they think they can get away with it , they go right back to defending the wealth of existing corporations on the basis of “ free market principles . ” [… ]
See , laborers just happen to be stuck with this crappy set of options –the employing classes have absolutely nothing to do with it .
And the owning classes just happen to have all these means of production on their hands , and the laboring classes just happen to be propertyless proletarians who are forced to sell their labor on the owners ’ terms .
The possibility that the employing classes might be directly implicated in state policies that reduced the available options of laborers is too ludicrous even to consider .
In the world the rest of us non-vulgar libertoids inhabit , of course , things are a little less rosy … … the general legal framework ( as Benjamin Tucker described it ) restricted labor ’s access to its own capital through such forms of self - organization as mutual banks .
As a result of this “ money monopoly , ” workers were forced to sell their labor in a buyer ’s market on terms set by the owning classes , and thus pay tribute ( in the form of a wage less than their labor - product ) for access to the means of production .
Charles Johnson understands the effects the state has on the labor market :
government - imposed distortions of the markets in labor , capital , land , and ideas ( inter alia ) artificially constrain opportunities for people to make a living for themselves , distorting the labor market to keep disproportionate power in the hands of a small and privileged class of rentiers .
Without those market distortions , a law against paying workers $ 4 an hour would matter about as much as a law against selling pork - chops in Mecca — objectionable on principle , but mainly negligible as a strategic matter , due to a dearth of identifiable victims .
But none of this is to imply that I disagree with Landsburg about the destructiveness of the minimum wage .
I ’m nuanced like that .
Charles again :
But as long as those coercive distortions are substantially in place , we do have to keep in mind how bosses will predictably react to additional coercive counter - distortions that are piled on top to correct for the predictable effects of the first distortion , without actually changing anything about the root causes .
And with the predictable patterns of reaction in mind , and their current position of power within the labor market , I do n’t think we have to turn into a bunch of vulgar Friedmaniacs or Misoids to agree with them that the effects of keeping , or worse , raising legally - enforced price floors on labor are going to be generally quite destructive , and most destructive to those who need most badly to find a place to sell their labor … … in spite of fact that the anti-minimum - wage argument has mainly been promulgated with a vulgar libertarian tone , the thing for left libertarians to do in response is not to kick it back down to the bottom of the priorities ladder , but rather to take it up themselves and re-conceptualize the debate — to treat minimum wage laws and the rest of coercively protective labor legislation as of a piece with government licensure cartels , zoning laws , the health and building codes favored by the Public Interest and Private Property Values racket , etc. , as an integral part of the corporate liberal system of coercive power , which coercively ratchet up poor folks ’ fixed costs of living while coercively ratcheting down their opportunities to scratch up a living .
So , yes , Steve , it ai n’t a good thing .
But ca n’t we say so without also saying completely ridiculous things like “ except for constraints imposed by the federal minimum wage , ” labor markets “ operate freely ” ?
Charles Bukowski , the American poet and novelist , once said : " You begin saving the world by saving one person at a time ; all else is grandiose romanticism or politics . "
Well , politics certainly saved this one person – although there do n't seem to be many others my age who take much of an interest in it .
If I mention anything remotely related to the government or governments past to my friends , I get the same response : " Who cares about politics ?
They 're all corrupt . "
Sometimes it's not even a verbal answer : there 's a specific look of disappointment that gets the message across .
This week I took my interest in politics a bit further than I 'd previously imagined .
It seems I have become the first 14 - year - old to vote in a general election and , if we 're to keep some faith in our voting system and the competence of its managers , hopefully the last .
A few months ago my sister gave all the names in our household to an official who called at our door in Poulton , Lancashire .
She thought the woman with the clipboard was asking about the census .
In fact she was collecting names for the electoral register of Wyre and Preston North .
So on Thursday morning I dressed as much like a Tory as I could manage : a trench coat , reading glasses , sharp shoes .
I gave it my slightly eccentric aristocrat 's walk and my best self - righteous Conservative accent , walked into St Hilda 's polling station , went straight to the table and was directed to the slip which I was to cross .
I paused , considered voting for Cat Smith of Labour , and then firmly placed a big cross in Lib Dem Danny Gallagher 's box .
I was probably the most perplexed person there : no glares or stares , just in and out in less than 30 seconds .
My vote went with our local Liberal Democrat candidate for three reasons :
• The first is that the country clearly wanted change .
As an illegal voter I had no right to go against that .
• The second is that as a socialist democrat I thought that the Liberals ' views were the most democratic out of the three main parties .
I sincerely hope Nick Clegg does n't compromise on proportional representation in his meetings with Dave .
• The third was I saw it as something of a tactical vote in an effort to hang parliament – the Lib Dems were most likely to beat the Tories in my constituency ( although they did n't ) .
The Daily Mail , being the wonderfully pragmatic paper that it is , has called it " steps to chaos " .
( Obviously , a Conservative government would be an instant step to economic heaven . )
Out of all the possible outcomes , I am crossing my fingers for a Lib - Lab coalition .
My crime only came out when I confided in one of my teachers .
She did n't see the funny side and told the deputy head .
I do n't blame him for reporting it to the council , he was legally obliged at that point .
But it was rather nerve - racking to think that I might be fast on the road to becoming a convict .
When the police arrived , I came across way too informed and understanding to claim ignorance ; the burly officer 's patronising tone lowered as our interview progressed .
Fortunately , it seems that I 'm not going to be prosecuted .
As it happens , I stood as a candidate this week , too .
But my fraud is n't that grand .
This time it was legal – a mock election at school .
I and the candidates from other parties placed propaganda and stickers wherever we could .
My Socialist Labour party went with the slogans " Nobody gets left behind " and " By the people , for the people " .
The Conservative party 's campaign seemed eerily reminiscent of some cheap Disney production – " We 're all in this together ! "
The Libertarians did n't go with a slogan , just some clever pieces about marijuana and prostitution .
They received a better reception with the teenagers than the staff .
Labour had one poster up , bless them , and it was just the usual : " A future fair for all . "
Ukip , who were n't at all ignorant or clueless , went with a picture of Arnold Schwarzenegger which was captioned : " Hasta la vista , Conservatives . "
The girls who did the Green party 's campaign went with these cute , hand - drawn posters that read " Fair is worth fighting for . "
Filling Arthur Scargill 's boots was intriguing ; I found myself explaining socialism over and over .
Whilst I did n't win ( far from it ) , I did manage to get 20 teenagers to grasp the concept of socialism and embrace it .
To me that 's a great success .
So why did I vote for the Liberal Democrats ?
Well , I voted for something that lends itself to my socialism because I believe that everybody has a moral obligation to help their fellow man and promote equal opportunities ; conservatism , regardless of its alleged progressiveness , urinates all over that obligation .
The working class / upper class contrast we have in this country is nothing short of an unofficial caste system .
Since I took an interest in politics when I first read about Tony Benn , my interests have always been in equality and genuine democracy .
First past the post just does n't cut it .
I dream of being a respected politician in the future – two favourite people in the world are Bill Hicks and Tony Benn .
Just as William Hague got his step - up to politics from talking to the Conservative conference at my age , I would be delighted if some of Clegg 's party or Brown 's party would get in touch with me .
I remain somewhat undecided about which is more socialist , with the absence of Labour 's clause four .
The highlight of my week was refusing an interview with the Sun , not just because I'm a Liverpool fan but also because I have some sense of decency .
In any case , I read the Guardian , of course .
Falling out with the Mail ( I honestly thought they might be decent about it ; silly me ! ) was interesting .
Their second piece on me was just a lie ; they ignored all of my truths .
Still , I 've enjoyed my Warholian 15 minutes .
It 's been one heck of a ride , I can tell you .
Twitter 's resident bloggers were mostly applausive of me , which came as a shock .
But some suggested I get five years in jail , which to me takes things a little bit far .
AT&T may have been accused of crippling its Android phones , but the Samsung Captivate -- one of the US versions of the Galaxy S -- is about to change all of that .
Oh sure , the company released the specs last week , but us resourceful folk got some hands - on time with the Super AMOLED - boasting , Android 2.1 phone prior to its unknown stateside launch .
The model we got to play with was clearly an early build ( it was n't even branded Samsung or AT&T ) , but that did n't stop us from putting it through the paces at a local Starbucks .
Hit the break for a bulleted breakdown of our impressions and a short hands - on video .
Oh , and do n't forget to make a pit stop at the gallery below before getting into the good stuff .
The LA Galaxy will return to the Rose Bowl for the second time in as many years to take on Spanish power Real Madrid on Saturday , August 7 .
The game , presented by Pechanga Resort & Casino , kicks off at 7:30 p.m. and replaces the Galaxy ’s previously scheduled friendly against Inter Milan , which the clubs have mutually agreed to look to re-schedule in the future .
“ While we were looking forward to playing Inter Milan , we are very pleased to be able to bring our fans a game against one of the world ’s biggest clubs , one that features a host of the world ’s top players in Real Madrid , ” said Tom Payne , LA Galaxy President of Business Operations .
“ Many fans will remember Madrid ’s last visit to Los Angeles when the teams played in front of a capacity crowd at The Home Depot Center in 2005 , and now we will be hosting them at the historic Rose Bowl in what will prove to be another memorable game for soccer fans throughout Southern California . ”
This game is included in all Galaxy full season ticket plans as Bonus Game C .
All season seat holders will receive new tickets in the mail for this game within the coming weeks .
Additionally , all fans who purchased tickets for the friendly against Inter Milan will be issued new tickets for the game against Real Madrid or receive a full refund .
A special ticket pre-sale is underway now for all current Galaxy ticket plan holders wishing to add additional tickets at a discounted price to the game against Real Madrid .
Additionally , fans who wish to purchase a 2010 full season seat or mini-plan that includes the friendly with Real Madrid can do so at this time .
Tickets are also on sale now to the general public as part of a special two - game pack starting at $ 46 that includes the Galaxy ’s July 4th showcase against Seattle Sounders FC .
That game kicks off at 7:30 p.m. and will feature a postgame fireworks extravaganza , which is powered by 104.3 MYfm .
Single game tickets will go on sale at a future date .
A nine - time European champion , and 31 - time champion of Spain ’s La Liga , Real Madrid finished second in Spain ’s La Liga this season just three points behind league champion , Barcelona , despite losing just four times all season long .
In late May , the club named two - time Champions League winner Jose Mourinho as the club ’s new head coach .
He is expected to lead his full roster of international stars , including 2007 FIFA Player of the Year Kaka , 2008 FIFA Player of the Year Cristiano Ronaldo , Dutch midfielder Rafael Van der Vaart , Argentine forward Gonzalo Higuain , Spanish goalkeeper Iker Casillas and many others to Southern California .
Ten of Real ’s current squad are currently playing at the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa , while another three have played in a previous World Cup .
The Galaxy , who first played Real Madrid on July 18 , 2005 at The Home Depot Center , with Madrid claiming a 2 - 0 victory , will return to the Rose Bowl for the second time in as many years .
The club ’s home stadium from 1996 - 2002 , the Galaxy lost 2 - 1 to Barcelona in front of 93,137 in their return to the stadium last August .
The match against Real Madrid will be the Galaxy ’s fourth international friendly played this year .
They played to a 0 - 0 draw with CD Aguila of El Salvador on March 21 and defeated Boca Juniors of Argentina 1 - 0 on May 23 at The Home Depot Center .
LA also defeated Puntarenas FC of Costa Rica 1 - 0 at Titan Stadium in Fullerton , Calif. on March 10 .
For more information about this game or to purchase tickets , please contact the Galaxy by calling 1- 877- 3GALAXY ( 342-5299 ) or visit www.lagalaxy.com/realmadridtickets.
--- LA Galaxy presented by Herbalife ---
About Pechanga Resort & Casino :
As the biggest and best Southern California casino , Pechanga is an all - inclusive resort destination with a larger casino and more slots than anywhere in Vegas , Pechanga is located in the Inland Empire , in the Southern California Wine Country of Temecula Valley , and freeway close to the Los Angeles , San Diego , Orange County and Ontario airports .
The AAA Four Diamond property offers a luxury hotel with a full - service spa , featuring a couple ’s massage suite , and the finest restaurants with 24 - hours of gambling action .
Pechanga has superstar concerts ; a comedy club ; world title boxing events ; three clubs and lounges , including Silk , the largest nightclub in Southern California ; more than 100,000 square feet of convention / meeting space ; and the new 18 - hole Journey at Pechanga , which has been rated as one of the best new golf courses in the world .
As the largest casino in the Western United States , Pechanga is perfect for a romantic weekend or just a daytrip with happening nightlife to make for an exciting getaway .
Please scroll down for updates , last one ’s from 4:17 PM
1:41 PM : As of 1:41 PM , BART is reporting that “ There is a major delay between Civic Center and 16th St. Mission in the SFO , Millbrae , Daly City and East Bay directions due to police activity . ”
We ’re working to get more details , and will keep you posted .
Have you seen or heard anything ?
Let us know .
2:24 PM : Where I have failed to get a response , Bay City News has succeeded !
Here ’s their update on the SF BART stoppage :
Some BART trains are delayed this afternoon due to a police foot chase that went onto the tracks between the Civic Center and 16th Street / Mission stations in San Francisco , a BART spokesman said .
At 1:38 p.m. , San Francisco police officers chased a male suspect who jumped onto the tracks at the Civic Center station and ran west , BART spokesman Jim Allison said .
Before police officers went onto the tracks , power was shut off to the electric third rail between the two stations , Allison said .
Because the power was off , trains could n’t run through that stretch , which delayed service into and out of San Francisco , he said .
Power has since been restored but BART is reporting residual delays .
2:26 : BART says they are still suffering from “ a major delay system wide ” after the police activity detailed below , but thst the system “ is recovering . ”
2:30 PM ( BCN ) : Some BART trains are delayed this afternoon due to a police foot chase that went onto the tracks between the Civic Center and 16th Street / Mission stations in San Francisco , a BART spokesman said .
At 1:38 p.m. , San Francisco police officers chased a male suspect who jumped onto the tracks at the Civic Center station and ran west , BART spokesman Jim Allison said .
Before police officers went onto the tracks , power was shut off to the electric third rail between the two stations , Allison said .
Because the power was off , trains could n’t run through that stretch , which delayed service into and out of San Francisco , he said .
Officers arrested the suspect , a wanted parolee , a short time later on the tracks , police Sgt. Troy Dangerfield said .
Power has since been restored but BART was reporting residual delays as of 2:20 p.m .
2:36 PM : Presumably this is unrelated , but BART has just announced a “ major delay at Embarcadero on the Daly City Line in the SFO , Millbrae and Daly City directions due to a medical emergency . ”
2:55 : BART ’s still held up at Embarcadero eastbound , saying “ There is a major delay at Embarcadero in the East Bay direction due to a medical emergency . ”
3:02 PM : And you know why it ’s held up ?
Because someone ’s trapped under the freakin’ train .
From Bay City News :
A person is trapped under a train at the Embarcadero BART station in San Francisco this afternoon and trains are delayed , a spokesman said .
The incident was reported at about 2:30 p.m. , BART spokesman Linton Johnson said .
Emergency crews are responding to the station to attempt to extract the person , Johnson said .
He did not know the victim ’s condition .
Delays are expected throughout much of the system , with the exception of the Fremont - Richmond line , according to Johnson .
Only trains on the Pittsburg / Bay Point line are running through San Francisco , he said .
The trains are not stopping at the Embarcadero station , which was closed as of 2:45 p.m. due to the incident .
3:33 PM : BART reports via twitter “ Latest on service : None from SF to East Bay ; only line from EB to SF is Pittsburg / Bay Point .
Person hit by train transported to hospital . ”
And according to Bay City News :
A person who was trapped under a train at the Embarcadero BART station in San Francisco this afternoon was removed and taken to a hospital , a spokesman said .
At about 2:30 p.m. , a train headed to the East Bay struck a person on the tracks at the station , BART spokesman Jim Allison said .
Emergency crews responded and were able to extract the person , Allison said .
He did not know the condition of the victim , who was taken to San Francisco General Hospital .
The investigation into the incident has forced BART to shut down service on all trains headed to the East Bay from stations in San Francisco and on the Peninsula , according to Allison .
Most trains headed to San Francisco are also facing major delays .
The only trains running through San Francisco are ones headed to San Francisco International Airport on the Pittsburg - Bay Point line , Allison said .
Trains headed between Richmond and Fremont are running with only minor delays , he said .
4:17 PM ( BCN ) :
An apparent suicide attempt at the Embarcadero BART station in San Francisco this afternoon has caused major delays throughout much of the system , a spokesman said .
At about 2:30 p.m. , a train headed to the East Bay struck a male victim on the tracks at the station , BART spokesman Jim Allison said .
Emergency crews responded and were able to extract the person , Allison said .
He did not know the condition of the victim , who was taken to San Francisco General Hospital .
“ The initial investigation seems to point toward attempted suicide , ” but BART police are continuing to investigate the incident , Allison said .
The train that struck the victim has been moved out of the station .
The investigation forced BART to shut down service on all trains headed to the East Bay from stations in San Francisco and on the Peninsula .
Service on all lines resumed as of 3:45 p.m. , but BART was reporting residual delays .
The Appeal should note here that San Francisco Suicide Prevention is there 24 hours a day at 415-781-0500 to help anyone in crisis .
Some time ago , a fellow scholar , Summer McDonald , asked me if I thought the current political atmosphere in the US reminded me of another period .
We talked about it , and agreed that it seems reminiscent of the reconstruction and redemption periods just after the civil war .
As I roughly outlined it once ( edited for clarity and to add background links ) :
• Black people are perceived as having greater political power ( particularly through the figure of President Obama ) .
• Some white people , especially white southerners , begin to clamour for " home rule " and talk of " taking the government and / or ' our ' country back . "
• They spend a lot of time pointing out why " black " leadership is unfit , unamerican , and unchristian .
• They are determined to do all they can to undermine the government and cling steadfastly to the idea that ( federal ) government is the problem .
• They 're no doubt waiting to get rid of " black rule " then produce generations of books and films talking about how horrible and unfair it was and how noble them restored order and home rule .
So , yes , I was already struck by the historical precedent .
Then , I saw a cartoon , the " creative " work of a conservative blogger , that depicted the aftermath of the rape of the Statue of Liberty by President Obama .
My first thought was , oh , hello , yet another idea reinforced during reconstruction and redemption – the myth of the sexually violent black man .
This " brute " was a particular danger to white women and this myth was used as one of the primary justifications for the belief in black inferiority ( uncontrollable , animalistic natures ) and institutionalised segregation .
White women had to be protected , at all costs , from interaction with black men , who would not be able to resist their purity and beauty .
The cartoon is just another example of " a layer of antagonism towards Obama that lies well beyond the boundaries of reasonable political debate " .
He had to have a Secret Service long before any other presidential candidate .
He received more threats than any other president - elect .
Since he 's taken office , the threats of violence have continued .
During the debate over healthcare reform and the since the passage of the healthcare bill , the threats have escalated into actual attacks .
For the president himself , there have been calls for his assassination .
Former vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin even encouraged " commonsense conservatives and lovers of America " not to retreat , but to reload .
The juxtaposition of this cartoon and the violence / assassination threats are significant , as well , in historical context .
One of the primary reasons given for mob action that resulted in the death of black men in the late 19th and early 20th centuries was the accusation that a black man had raped a white woman .
The cartoonist has accused President Obama , figuratively , of that crime – say what you want about Liberty 's greenish hue ; women who historically represented the US , from Columbia to other depictions of Liberty , were white .
Obama , according to the cartoonist , has violated this symbol of both white womanhood and America .
This serves as more justification for retaliating violently against him .
More than a hundred years ago , anti-lynching activist Ida B Wells revealed the dubious nature of this common set up , calling it an " old racket " .
In an 1893 editorial , she proclaimed that , when it came to excuses for lynching , " Nobody in this section of the country believes the old threadbare lie that negro men rape white women . "
The real problem , according to Wells , occurred when African - Americans stepped out of " their place " , when they prospered or presented competition to whites .
Much like the " uppity , " " arrogant " Barack Obama has done .
As Frank Rich notes , the rage is not about healthcare or any other Obama initiatives :
" The conjunction of a black president and a female speaker of the House – topped off by a wise Latina on the supreme court and a powerful gay Congressional committee chairman – would sow fears of disenfranchisement among a dwindling and threatened minority in the country no matter what policies were in play ...
When you hear demonstrators chant the slogan ' Take our country back ! , ' these are the people they want to take the country back from . "
The sentiment behind the cartoon , and fuelling many of the threats and the attacks are alarming , but they are not new .
In fact , they have quite a long history .
One other significant , appalling thing about that cartoon ?
It captures some conservatives ' casual use of rape as a metaphor for anything of which they do not approve .
This is not solely a conservative phenomenon ; you can see the trivialisation of rape in the larger culture of many places .
But conservatives seem to have a particular fascination with it of late , a fascination that is , again , occurring under the presidency of a black man .
FYI : the healthcare act is not just like rape .
You know what is just like rape ?
Rape .
We should n't diminish the trauma of that assault or the experience of the victims by implying anything else .
Home | More Videos | About Us | Contact | Subscribe | Donate
Something 's Fishy Consumers out in the Cold Subscribe to Brasscheck TV Your e-mail address is kept absolutely private
We make it easy to unsubscribe at any time
An In - Dept Investigation
Advertisement
Fish , the healthy food .
Right ?
Maybe .
But where does the fish you eat come from ?
Here 's something to consider :
There 's even less regulation of the food industry than there is of Wall Street .
When the people who inspect fish for a living do n't eat it , you know something 's up .
Some reality about food and nutrition .
Animal vs. Plant food
From : hangoverblack
2007-06 -19 12:05 am ( UTC )
Yeah ... it 's pretty hot here too and I 'm not afraid of fire .
From : innuya
2007-06-19 12:20 am ( UTC )
hahhaha
you give me bad ideas >: From : revme
2007-06-19 12:26 am ( UTC )
This is good advice !
From : ixzist
2007-06 -19 01:04 am ( UTC )
i will try to keep that in mind From : evilsmoo
2007-06 -19 01:50 am ( UTC )
Ahhh , here is the awesome .
I found it !
From : kingthunder
2007-06 -19 02:10 am ( UTC )
Nedroid , you could n't have told me this yesterday ?
From : demongoldfish
2007-06-19 03:22 am ( UTC )
solid gold !
also its one hell of a cold winter right here ... can i come over and get warm ?
From : ( Anonymous )
2007 -06 - 19 03:30 am ( UTC )
whoa .
this is beautiful .
From : ( Anonymous )
2007-06-19 04:17 am ( UTC )
This is exactly why Jay is ALWAYS setting himself on fire .
" So , it was a little warm taking the dog out , this morning ... " [ drops match ]
" Jay , I 'm kinda worried about your tendency to set yourself aflame anytime it tops 75 degrees . "
[ Jay douses self in lighter fluid , tosses hair , gives " devil may care " expression to the camera . ]
" Jay , I 'm not actually filming this on camera .
No one is . "
[ Jay ignores this , eats 2 pounds of sulfer , pouts sexily at the camera while holding a fistfull of flint rocks ]
- Wagon From : ( Anonymous )
2007 -06 -19 10:08 am ( UTC )
( Lalala ) Someone should have told my housemates that .
o.o From : eruditebaboon
2007-06-19 01:15 pm ( UTC )
Sadly this comic came about 2 days too late .
From : fryguy64
2007-06-19 05:35 pm ( UTC )
It 's so warm and muggy here in Blighty that we 're now having thunderstorms .
The rain would put an end to any fire - related hijinks .
I have that to be thankful for , at least !
Burning Reg looks excellent .
The fire and smoke look believably burny .
From : ( Anonymous )
2007-06-19 09:46 pm ( UTC )
Did n't pinata man try basically the same thing ?
From : ( Anonymous )
2007-06-20 12:27 am ( UTC )
I like the new style or is it a different program ?
Either way , thumbs up .
From : nedroidcomics
2007-06 -20 12:45 am ( UTC )
Re : I like the new style Thanks .
It 's still Photoshop .
I just like to change up styles every so often .
From : ianuniacke
2007-06 -20 04:41 am ( UTC )
Classic
I would love to be able to do jokes like that .
( both in my cartoons and actually the joke that he is actually making " in " the cartoon ) From : penrod_pulaski
2007-06 -20 08:32 am ( UTC )
this comic made me blurt out a very embarrassing laugh .. nicely played , my friend .
From : ( Anonymous )
2007-06 - 20 08:35 am ( UTC )
RE : Seriously , It Must Be at Least Seventy - Five Degrees Out There ...
FAHRENHEIT !
This is the best thing I have ever seen .
This is even better than the " Brain problems " comic .
From : ( Anonymous )
2007-06 -21 09:05 am ( UTC )
Re : Seriously , It Must Be at Least Seventy - Five Degrees Out There ...
FAHRENHEIT !
After reading the comic I mentally superimposed the ' brain problems ' comment on top of the burning Reg , and realised it worked for many , many reasons .
:P
From : ( Anonymous )
2007-06 -21 04:40 am ( UTC )
so hot
In the first panel you can feel how hot Beartato feels , it is so emotive that now I am starting to feel hot , and I grew up in the desert !
From : misterscarecrow
2007-07-20 07:11 pm ( UTC )
I just found your stuff today ( for some reason Calamity Jon never told me about you , I think he did n't want me knowing he was seeing someone else ) and I 'm dyin ' here .
You make very good with the pictures and words .
This is a definite favorite .
From : nedroidcomics
2007-07-20 07:29 pm ( UTC )
Aw , shucks !
Thanks !
From : misterscarecrow
2007-07-20 07:37 pm ( UTC )
http://del.icio.us/url/f5d340a294cf571d710ce1cbd14c441f
So anyway , yeah , I 'm loving everything .
It just now took me like 10 minutes to track the history of how I found your stuff .
Turns out it got popular on del.icio.us :
So anyway , yeah , I 'm loving everything .
From : misterscarecrow
2007-07-20 08:07 pm ( UTC )
http://reddit.com/info/280bs/comments
Regardless , awesome !
Well shit maybe it was Reddit instead : Regardless , awesome !
From : lordcyclohexane
2008-01-08 06:07 pm ( UTC )
I loves the Public Service Announcements , always so helpful and stays crunchy even in milk !
Posted by John , June 10th , 2010 - under Minerals Council , Mining , Mining maggots , Resource Super Profits tax , Rio Tinto , RSPT , Rudd Government , Rudd Labor .
Tags : BHP
The mining maggots do n’t give a toss about jobs .
All they care about is their huge profits .
During the global financial crisis guess who sacked tens of thousands of workers ?
The mining maggots .
They got rid of 15 percent of their workforce .
So much for their concern about jobs .
Here ’s how the head of the Treasury , Ken Henry , put it , as reported in the Sydney Morning Herald :
It is true that Australia avoided a recession , but the Australian mining industry actually experienced quite a deep recession .
In the first six months of 2009 it shed 15 per cent of its workers .
Mining investment collapsed , mining output collapsed .
Had every industry behaved that way our unemployment rate would have climbed to 19 per cent .
Let ’s be a little more objective , shall we John ?
According to a report in The Age , Ian Smith , Chairman of the Minerals Council of Australia said in March 2009 that the global economic crisis had severely impacted Australia ’s mining sector .
The number of people directly employed in the industry doubled to 142,000 from 2004 during the resources boom , but 10,500 mining jobs have gone [ in the three months ] since November last year , he said .
Then there was the scare campaign against the Emissions Trading Scheme that the mining companies ran .
It was going to cost 23,500 jobs the maggots ranted .
What they conveniently forgot to tell people was that overall employment , on their own figures , would actually increase 86,000 over the period in question .
So the impact of the ETS would have been , on the Minerals Councils ’ own estimates , not to cut jobs but at best slow their growth .
They misled us then about jobs ; they are misleading us now .
There is one threat to jobs and that ’s from the maggots themselves .
A capital strike would slow development and , depending on its severity , cause job losses .
That would be the result of the maggots ’ actions , not the Government’s .
A decent Government would threaten to take over the mines if there was a capital strike and guarantee jobs .
But all we have in Australia is a Labor Government .
OK , but wo n’t the tax itself impact on investment and mean less jobs in the future ?
No .
The Treasury estimates are that it will actually increase GDP by 0.7 percent .
This means more jobs across the economy and in mining .
There are a number of reasons why the Treasury figures are defensible .
Because the Government is guaranteeing to refund any losses on failed projects , the tax will increase mining exploration and early development .
This creates mining jobs .
In addition the Government ’s proposed 30 percent rebate for small companies undertaking resource exploration means we the Australian community are adopting 70 percent of the project risk in those cases .
Again this will spur small miner exploration and jobs .
The Resource Super Profits
Tax is a redistributive measure among the ruling class .
The Rudd government is if you like robbing from the mining maggots to give the proceeds to all the other robber barons in finance , manufacturing , retail and the like .
That ’s what the company tax cuts are about .
The Government also tried to buy off small business with accelerated depreciation concessions .
Given the generally hostile ruling class reaction to the RSPT it might have been better for the Rudd government just to offer a five percent cut in company tax , as Henry recommended .
That would have really split the bourgeoisie .
Given the seemingly hostile reaction of some workers to the tax ( scared by the maggots ’ lies about jobs ) it might have made more political sense for the Rudd government to offer tax cuts to workers .
I do n’t know , maybe something like a tax free threshold of $ 25,000 , as Henry suggested .
Some of the proposed tax revenue will be spent on improving infrastructure for the miners so they can get their products more seamlessly ( is that a bad pun ? ) to China .
So it saves them the costs of doing so .
The tax cuts give the lie to the argument that the RSPT will destroy superannuation .
In fact it might have some minor impact on mining companies ’ share prices and dividend payments ( although most miners do n’t pay dividends ) but at the same time other shares and dividend payments should increase in value .
That ’s one of the reasons the Superannuation industry loves the RSPT .
As for the increase in the superannuation guarantee from 9 percent to 12 percent , it is n’t capital which will pay for that ; it will come out of wages .
You do n’t have to believe me .
Here ’s how Ken Henry put it , according to The Australian :
[ Henry ] also suggested a proposed rise in the superannuation guarantee from 9 to 12 per cent for workers to be paid by employers would come out of wages , not profits …
Clive Palmer at one stage was suggesting mining companies would pay 70 percent tax .
This is rubbish .
He has added the RSPT rate of 40 percent to the company tax rate of 30 percent .
If this is the way he does his business calculations , do n’t invest in any of his companies .
In fact John Kehoe in an article in the Australian Financial Review of 10 June called ‘ Ads strike rich seam of exaggeration ’ has done the figures .
A mining project with a rate of return of six percent will pay less tax under the RSPT and proposed company tax rate than at present – 28 percent compared to the current 45 percent ( including royalties ) .
It ’s not till the returns hit 12 percent that more tax will be paid .
As Kehoe explains it :
Projects with a return of less than about 12 percent will pay less tax because state taxes will be refunded and the company tax rate cut .
According to the Productivity Commission the return to capital in the national accounts over the period 1971 to 2008 averaged 8.5 % .
What about for mining ?
John Kehoe in the AFR again :
Mining industry sources estimate that the typical expected rate of return on a mine is between 15 percent and 20 percent .
A mining project earning 15 percent return ( almost double the average for business in Australia ) will pay under the government ’s proposals 45.3 per cent tax .
It currently pays 38.7 percent .
That ’s a difference of of 6.5 percent .
So this whole economic Armageddon campaign from the maggots is because they might on average have to pay an extra 6.5 percent tax ?
Give me a break .
Kehoe says that mines returning 20 percent will pay 48.2 percent total tax ( RSPT plus company tax ) compared to their present 37.6 percent ( royalties plus company tax ) .
The difference is 10.6 percent .
Hardly the end of the world .
In other words the Government is getting a little bit more in tax on those mines returning more than double the Australian average rate of return .
This is hardly earth shattering .
( Is that another pun ? )
The Minerals Council has been running advertisements this week claiming that after the tax the effective tax rate will be 57 % , by far the world ’s biggest resource tax on resources .
What they conveniently do n’t tell you is that this only applies to super profitable mines .
And I mean super profitable .
Kehoe estimates that mines returning fifty percent return will pay 53.3 percent tax under the RSPT combined with income tax .
He adds that few mines are that profitable .
Other than , you guessed it , some BHP and Rio Tinto projects in the Pilbara .
Some of you may have heard a bit of talk from the maggots about sovereign risk .
For companies this is when Governments do things , or other events occur , that adversely affect the rate of return .
When you ’re going to invest billions in a mine that lasts for 30 years or more you will judge the risk of invasion , civil war , natural disasters , increased taxes , nationalisations and the like and factor them into your expected return calculations .
Marius Kloppers , the head of BHP , described the RSPT as the biggest sovereign risk he had faced in all his years as a mining maggot .
As a report in The Australian said :
Mr Kloppers has joined Rio Tinto ’s chief executive Tom Albanese in describing the proposed mining tax as the greatest sovereign risk facing his company anywhere in the world .
“ It is the greatest that I have seen in 17 years in this industry , ” Mr Kloppers said .
“ I have been through two Brazilian crises and the Asian crisis and this is by far the biggest issue I have seen by an order of magnitude . ”
This is utter bullshit .
Australia is a strong economy , with a stable political system and a well educated and docile workforce .
It is an investor ’s dream .
The real fear the mining maggots have is that other countries might follow Australia and impose their own version of an RSPT .
There is one threat to sovereignty the RSPT has provoked – from the miners .
Who runs the country – Clive Palmer or Kevin Rudd ?
So far the unelected billionaire Palmer and his mates are winning .
The mining maggots are eating the flesh of Australian democracy .
Let me finish off with some more figures from John Kehoe in his article in the Financial Review .
Treasury executive David Parker , who is heading the government ’s consultations with miners , said last week some projects had a payback period of less than six months and rates of return of more than 400 percent .
These projects will fund a large share of the $ 12 billion the government expects to raise from the RSPT .
Imposing a little bit of tax on returns of 400 percent sure does n’t look that outrageous to me .
What is outrageous is that the benefits are going to the other parasites in the ruling class , not to fixing health and education and addressing climate change and aboriginal disadvantage .
The illusion of healthy food
Why would you swallow something if you do n't know what 's in it ?
( Natural News )
It did not even occur to me that people thought frozen yogurt was a " health food " until I spent some time in the USA .
There , people line up in droves at frozen yogurt stores to buy a junk food that they 're convinced is good for them .
And why is it good for them , in their own minds ?
Because it 's " yogurt .
" I actually went to the trouble of visiting a line of people at a frozen yogurt store and asking several people there if they could name the ingredients in the frozen yogurt they were buying .
Not one of them could .
Most just said , " Yogurt . "
( Are you detecting a pattern here ? ) Upon further investigation , I found that frozen yogurt retailers do n't make it very easy for you to find out what 's actually in their products in the first place .
They do n't print ingredients on the products they sell , and even their websites make it virtually impossible to find this information .
After some digging , I was able to find the ingredients of the vanilla yogurt powder that 's used in one of the nation 's most famous frozen yogurt chains .
Here 's what 's in it : Did you catch all that ?
The first three ingredients are all , followed by processed cow 's milk .
Maltodextrin , in particular , has a glycemic index so high that it 's practically poison to diabetics .
It 's often derived from genetically - modified corn , by the way .
As you can see from the ingredients list , with some yogurt powder thrown in .
It 's ice cream with probiotics .
That does n't make it healthy food .
It 's still junk food , but with probiotic powder .
If I throw probiotics on a pizza , it does n't turn the pizza into healthy cuisine .
If I slap probiotics on a cheeseburger , it does n't make it a healthy cheeseburger .
So why do so many people believe that mixing in a little probiotic powder with ice cream suddenly makes it a " health food ?
" The answer ?
Frozen yogurt shops do n't deliver healthy food , but they do deliver .
And in America today , where illusion dominates reality , that 's good enough !
People are n't really interested in what they 're eating , you see .
They just want to be convincingly persuaded that whatever they 're swallowing is somehow good for them .
That 's sufficient evidence in their minds to go ahead and start chowing down .
It 's much the same with popular religion in the USA today .
Few people really believe in God even if they claim to , because if they did , they would n't go out and destroy their God - given bodies with alcohol , cigarettes , booze , drugs and junk food .
They do n't really want to authentically believe in God , you see , because that would require a whole different level of personal discipline to act in a way that honored their beliefs ( and honored their body as a temple ) .
If you destroy your health with junk food , your actions scream to the universe that you really do n't follow God 's will at all .
What was that part in the Bible about gluttony ?
I do n't often quote scripture , but it 's relevant here :
What people want in America today is junk food , junk news , junk knowledge and junk beliefs .
They do n't really believe much of anything except those simple spoon - fed beliefs that happen to coincide with the self - destructive lifestyle they wanted to pursue anyway .
Life is an all - you - can - eat , all - you - can - smoke , all - you - can - drink orgy !
So let 's call it " reduced - calorie " dessert and get on with it , shall we ?
People pick their beliefs , in other words , to try to justify their actions .
Any belief that contradicts their short - term desires will be modified , pushed aside or simply overwritten with some other belief that allows them the excuse to pursue immediate satisfaction .
The false belief that " frozen yogurt is health food " serves this purpose nicely .
Most people , by the way , do n't even examine what they eat in the first place .
They just shovel it down without a thought .
It was the Greek philosopher Socrates who famously said , " An unexamined life is not worth living . "
My modern version of this quote in the realm of health is , " An unexamined diet is not worth eating .
" And yet people almost never examine what they eat .
They chew and swallow blindly , giving less thought to what they puttheir bodies than the clothes they weartheir bodies .
Actually , they choose their foods from the perspective of .
What taste and texture will be entertaining right now ?
What will give my taste buds pleasure in this instant , regardless of the lifelong effects of this substance on my body ?
What sugars , fats or chemical taste enhancers can I place on my tongue in this instant that will provide some level of sensory experience to my brain and remind me that I 'm still alive ?
That 's the real essence of it , you see .
People are sleepwalking through our world half dead , and what they really seek is justto remind them that they are n't dead yet .
Almost any stimulation will do :
The loud blaring of speakers at a rock concert , the sexual foreplay with a new partner , the rush of an abused prescription drug , the thrill of a horror movie , the sensory engrossment of a violent video game , the stimulant kick of a Coca - Cola ... it hardly matters as long as something is being felt through the numbness of emotional trauma that typifies human experience in our modern world .
The numbed - up , dumbed - down metrosexual seeker of experience is actuallywith a tiny unit of consciousness tacked on top that 's seeking a heavy hit of just about anything to remind himself that he still exists .
" I feel , therefore I am , " to bastardize Descartes ' famous utterance .
But what do we really feel when we pursue a life of delusional junk foods and other false stimulation ?
We only feel further numbed from reality ; numbed from our own bodies , numbed to our spirituality and numbed to the consciousness that would give our lives purpose rather than processed probiotic powder .
In pursuing a life of junk consumption , what becomes frozen is not merely our yogurt but our entire experience of life .
Frozen yogurt is perhaps the perfect food metaphor for what 's happening in American culture today :
The mass consumption of a self - destructive lie that offers a brief moment of satisfaction followed by a lifetime of disease .
By By Stephanie Dearing Jun 23 , 2010 in Politics Forget James Bond and how you ever pictured espionage to work .
It 's all about influence these days , according to the head of Canada 's intelligence agency .
" We 're in fact a bit worried in a couple of provinces that we have an indication that there 's some political figures who have developed quite an attachment to foreign countries . "
The problem with that ' attachment , ' Fadden explained , is " The individual becomes in a position to make decisions that affect the country or the province or a municipality .
All of a sudden , decisions are n't taken on the basis of the public good but on the basis of another country 's preoccupations . "
According to Fadden , municipal politicians are also under the sway of foreign influences .
Fadden told CBC
News that Canadian politicians and their staff had no idea they were being manipulated by foreigners .
Fadden only named British Columbia , but hinted there were other politicians in other provinces across Canada who had become compromised .
Fadden explained why he was breaking silence so publicly , saying " ...
I 'm making this comment because I think it 's a real danger that people be totally oblivious to this kind of issue . "
Fadden said foreign countries recruited Canadian university students , cultivating them to become ' people of influence , ' naming China as the most aggressive of the five nations pursuing this tactic .
" Before you know it , a country is providing them with money , there 's some sort of covert guidance . "
Fadden wrapped up his interview by saying Canada 's approach of focusing on preventing terrorism left Canada 's technology at risk of being poached by foreign nations through espionage .
Fadden failed to explain why foreign nations were interested in manipulating Canadian politicians , nor the manner in how they were manipulated .
He also did not say how much money was being funnelled to foreign nations through the influence game , nor if politicians and staffers would be investigated on the basis of his allegations .
Fadden also cultivated more controversy by stating in his interview with CBC News that CSIS had found the G8 and G20 summits did not appear to be the targets of terrorists prompting President of the " Maybe Mr. Fadden is n't used to coming out of the shadows , but his admission on CBC TV's The National is shocking .
And what is even worse is the Harper government 's decision to disregard Fadden 's assessment and send in the troops . "
On Wednesday morning , Toronto police announced the arrest of a man on explosives offenses , saying the arrest was related to the upcoming G20 conference , reported the Prime Minister Stephen Harper has not yet commented on Fadden 's revelations , and the Province of British Columbia is also staying mum .
It is anticipated that Fadden 's comments will trouble Canada 's relationships with other countries .
His comments have already provoked questions from Canadian experts about why Fadden would reveal such sensitive information just before the G8 and G20 meetings .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper is facing widespread and growing criticism in Canada for the costs of providing security for the Toronto G20 gathering , which has cost the country over $ 1 billion so far .
In an exclusive interview with CBC News , the head of CSIS , Richard Fadden , revealed a number of Canadian politicians are under the influence of other nations .
Fadden told CBC
News that CSIS suspected several higher - level provincial Canadian politicians have become compromised by foreign influence , saying
The problem with that ' attachment , ' Fadden explained , isAccording to Fadden , municipal politicians are also under the sway of foreign influences .
Fadden told CBC
News that Canadian politicians and their staff had no idea they were being manipulated by foreigners .
Fadden only named British Columbia , but hinted there were other politicians in other provinces across Canada who had become compromised .
Fadden explained why he was breaking silence so publicly , saying Fadden said foreign countries recruited Canadian university students , cultivating them to become ' people of influence , ' naming China as the most aggressive of the five nations pursuing this tactic .
Fadden wrapped up his interview by saying Canada 's approach of focusing on preventing terrorism left Canada 's technology at risk of being poached by foreign nations through espionage .
Fadden failed to explain why foreign nations were interested in manipulating Canadian politicians , nor the manner in how they were manipulated .
He also did not say how much money was being funnelled to foreign nations through the influence game , nor if politicians and staffers would be investigated on the basis of his allegations .
CBC
News reported in a follow - up Wednesday that security experts are perplexed by Fadden 's public disclosure .
Just to confuse the matter , Fadden is now backing off his accusation that China was a key player in the espionage and influence game he had revealed Tuesday night .
Fadden told CBC
News reports of China 's economic spying activities in Canada were not entirely true .
Fadden also cultivated more controversy by stating in his interview with CBC News that CSIS had found the G8 and G20 summits did not appear to be the targets of terrorists prompting President of the Communications , Energy and Paperworkers Union of Canada , Dave Coles to sayOn Wednesday morning , Toronto police announced the arrest of a man on explosives offenses , saying the arrest was related to the upcoming G20 conference , reported the Associated Press .
The Toronto Star reported the man runs a computer security business .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has not yet commented on Fadden 's revelations , and the Province of British Columbia is also staying mum .
It is anticipated that Fadden 's comments will trouble Canada 's relationships with other countries .
His comments have already provoked questions from Canadian experts about why Fadden would reveal such sensitive information just before the G8 and G20 meetings .
Fadden has been the head of CSIS for a year .
At the time of his appointment , CTV reported Fadden was known for his " cool - headed thinking .
" Prime Minister Stephen Harper is facing widespread and growing criticism in Canada for the costs of providing security for the Toronto G20 gathering , which has cost the country over $ 1 billion so far .
More about CSIS , Canadian security intelligence service , Stephen Harper , G20 , Protests More news from csis canadian security in ... stephen harper g20 protests rcmp
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg could be in hot water over a “ Draw Muhammad ” contest hosted on the site last month .
He is being investigated by Pakistani authorities under a section of the penal code that makes blasphemy against Muhammad punishable by death .
The contest , called “ Everybody Draw Muhammad Day , ” was sparked by the censorship of a South Park episode which depicted the Muslim figure and resulted in death threats against the show ’s creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone .
It was designed as a protest against the limitation of free speech and called for users to create a drawing representing Muhammad .
What began as a joke in the United States , however , was not found funny in Pakistan where depictions of Muhammad are strictly prohibited .
Pakistan banned Facebook for all of its 45 million users until the site agreed to block the contest page in that country .
Once the page was blocked the ban was lifted .
A lawyer in Pakistan , Muhammad Azhar Siddique filed an application for a First Information Report claiming that the owners of Facebook had committed a “ heinous and serious ” crime under Section 295 - C of the Pakistani Penal Code .
That section reads :
“ use of derogatory remark etc , in respect of the Holy Prophet , whoever by words , either spoken or written , or by visible representation , or by any imputation , innuendo , or insinuation , directly or indirectly , defiles the sacred name of the Hold Prophet Muhammed ( Peace Be Upon Him ) shall be punished with death , or imprisonment for life , and shall also be liable for fine . ”
To be clear , a First Information Report simply launches a criminal investigation , and charges have not yet been formally filed .
Currently under investigation by the Deputy Attorney General are not only Zuckerberg but also his fellow co-founders Dustin Moskovitz and Chris Hughes , and the German woman who initiated the “ Draw Muhammed ” contest .
Pakistan ’s United Nations representative has also asked to escalate the issue in the UN General Assembly .
A deal under which Germany will sell Israel two submarines foresees the vessels being delivered starting in 2010 , and they are not being equipped to fire nuclear weapons , an official said Friday .
The German government said earlier this week that the HDW shipyard signed a contract with Israeli authorities July 6 to build the two Dolphin - class submarines .
Israel already has three of that type submarine .
" The delivery of these two Dolphin class submarines is foreseen for 2010 , not earlier , according to current planning , " and therefore the vessels have " no relevance " to the current conflict in the Middle East , government spokesman Thomas Steg told reporters .
Some members of the German opposition have criticized the deal , citing the risk that the submarines might be used to carry nuclear weapons .
Israel has never confirmed or denied that it has such weapons .
Steg noted that there was an agreement on the deal between both governments , signed November 21 .
" The submarines will not ...
Be built and equipped for the firing of nuclear weapons , but are designed for the conduct of conventional war , " he said .
Asked if Germany wanted assurances from Israel on that point , Steg said : " We have no mistrust and no suspicion toward our Israeli partner . "
This comic has essentially nothing to do with Scott Pilgrim vs .
The World but I ’ve been wanting to draw Josh ’s “ Rogue ’s Gallery of Exes ” for a while now .
So there you go .
If you are wondering where “ Goldie Locks ” is , I know Josh dated at least one girl in highschool before his gay - wakening so let ’s just assume she ’s already been defeated … by life and the choices she ’s made .
NEW SHIRT !
NEW SHIRT !
THE BEST SHIRT I’VE EVER MADE !!!
Science Fiction TV - Movie Title Generator T - Shirt @ Topatoco !!!
There is also a PRINT of this design too !
The title of the comic should not be confused with “ Pilgrim ’s Pride ” which is a maker of fine poultry products .
Actually that ’s more suiting since neither titles have anything to do with the comic and one of them is about chicken .
Let ’s go with that one .
NEWS !
There is a new Fancy Bastard Facebook Fan Page ( FBFBFP ? ) !!!
The HE forum is basically dead and the old HE Facebook group is roughly the same .
Twitter and the site comments seemed to have really taken the place of the previous FB online meeting places , but I think with this fan page I can give you guys a place to talk about non-HE related things and not force you do have an additional social network identity to keep up with .
We ’ll see how it goes .
Feel free to check it out , start discussion , make posts , add photos , etc etc .
For those interested I will keep the forum up and running for now ( archive anything you want to save forever ) , but the old Facebook group will be deleted soon .
Sponsored by BMI and directed by composer Rick Baitz , this NYC - based program selects a small number of emerging film composers and provides a series of workshops , followed by continued consultation and development
Bennett Lincoff ’s Comments on Music Licensing Bennett Lincoff ’s comments to the US Copyright office on a new system of music licensing
Interview with Marc Streitenfeld Continuing to explore alien worlds and the nature of android parenting in “ Raised by Wolves ”
Interview with Will Bates Piloting an alternative musical route to Mars while staying on earth with “ Away ”
Interview with Nate Wonder and Roman Gianarthur Irvin
Two brothers score with old school to blow up the white supremacist “ Antebellum ”
College Film Scoring Programs : Selling The Dream vs. Disclosing Reality Mark Northam looks at college film scoring programs and how realistic they are about the business
Auganizer Every once in a while , some clever people come up with a solution to an issue that the DAW developers simply have not addressed
VSL ’s New MIRx Makes VSL Mixing a Cinch Peter Alexander reviews Vienna Symphonic Library ’s New MIRx
Audio : Interview with Thomas Newman Film music journalist Daniel Schweiger interviews composer THOMAS NEWMAN , whose music ventures through the horrors and heroism of WW1 ’s front lines in 1917
Orchestration : The Devil Is In The Details , Part 2 Ron Hess discusses how you ’ll never achieve the Holy Grail of a perfect sight reading if your notation does n’t tell each musician at a glance how it ’s supposed to sound
CITY OF GHOSTS ( and resilient grit ) From its first ethereal tones , Academy Award - nominated documentary filmmaker Matthew Heineman ’s ( Oscar - nominated CARTEL LAND ) CITY OF GHOSTS music score and sound design achieves a hauntingly simultaneous balance of nearly - imperceptible presence and atmospheric poignancy
Soundtrack Picks : BAD EDUCATION is the top soundtrack to own for JUNE , 2020 Also worth picking up : A BRIEF HISTORY OF TIME , DA 5 BLOODS , DEATH RACE 2000 , FAR AND AWAY , LEGENDS OF THE FALL , THE STORY OF O2 , VILLAIN , WE SUMMON THE DARKNESS , WESTWORLD SEASON 3 and many more !
Benefits of Joining Overseas Royalty Societies Mark Holden discusses the financial benefits to composers of joining overseas royalty societies
Intel Concurrent Collections for Haskell ----------------------------------------
Author : Ryan Newton , Copyright 2009 - 2010
This directory contains an implementation of the Intel Concurrent Collections programming model ( CnC ) for Haskell .
It works only with GHC .
If you are looking in this directory , you are probably not using this package through cabal .
Currently , it contains a Makefile and other scripts that are redundant with the cabal file and will be removed in the future .
Quick Start : -----------------------------------------
On Unix( ish ) systems with a Bash shell , try this : source install_environment_vars.sh runcnc examples / primes.hs
You can also rerun the primes executable directly after that ( primes.exe ) .
To run with a particular number of threads , say 8 , try : ./primes.exe +RTS -N8 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Installing Haskell CnC
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
You need a working installation of " ghc " and " cabal " .
The easiest way to accomplish this is with the Haskell Platform .
With those prerequisites you should be able to install Haskell CnC directly from the web with : cabal install haskell - cnc Building from source , including installing all dependencies : git clone git://github.com/rrnewton/Haskell-CnC.git cd Haskell - CnC cabal update cabal install
That will cause cabal to install a number of packages from " Hackage " and then build Haskell CnC .
If any of these dependencies break ( do n't build with your version of GHC ) .
If you are running as root you may have an easier time with : cabal install -- global Otherwise make sure that ~/. cabal / bin/ is in your path .
cabal install happy cabal install
------------------------------------
A GUIDE TO CABAL DEPENDENCY PROBLEMS
------------------------------------
Because the Haskell CnC package exists in an ecosystem of ever - changing packages and compiler versions ( cabal ) , and itself has many dependencies .
Often these will get broken .
However , the intrepid hacker can usually work around most problems .
Here , I will try to make an account of the hacks that are needed to overcome obstacles .
[ 2011.02.14 ]
DRBG dependency broke on hackage due to tagged - 0.2 Fixed now .
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Running Haskell CnC , Method ( 1 ) : Normal method .
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CnC for Haskell can be used as a regular Haskell module .
Look at " hello_world.hs " in the examples directory .
------------------------------------------------------------
Running Haskell CnC , Method ( 2 ) : Inlined library .
------------------------------------------------------------
For testing purposes , Haskell CnC can inline the library and enable the user to choose between different scheduling options and runtime parameters statically .
Under this methodology the " runcnc " script is used to compile and execute CnC programs .
The following environment variable must be set : HASKELLCNC -- should be set to the install directory .
( Sourcing install_environment_vars.sh is one way to accomplish this . )
Preprocessor variables : MEMOIZE
Turns on memoization of steps over tags .
This is frequently done on a per-program basis using " #define MEMOIZE " .
REPEAT_PUT_ALLOWED
Are multiple put 's into an item collection with the same tag valid or an error ?
CNC_VARIANT
Which implementation ? ' pure ' or ' io ' ?
CNC_SCHEDULER
Which scheduler within that implementation ?
( 1 -N ) These can also be set as environment variables when using runcnc .
INCLUDEMETHOD ignore this , it 's internal and is used for switching between schedulers - as - modules or schedulers - as - includes ------------------------------------------------------------
Testing and Benchmarking ------------------------------------------------------------
Notes on running a full benchmark suite :
To compile with profiling support ( for threadscope ) GHC_DEFAULT_FLAGS= " - eventlog " NORUN=1 runcnc mandel.hs
To run and generate a .eventlog : ./mandel.exe 300 300 80000 +RTS - ls - N31 Will generate mandel.exe.eventlog
We identified reporting bias in 40 indications comprising around 50 different interventions .
Examples were found in various sources , e.g. journal articles of published versus unpublished data , reviews of reporting bias , editorials , letters to the editor , newspaper reports , expert and government reports , books , and online sources .
The following text summarizes the information presented in these examples .
More details and references to the background literature are included in Additional file 1 : Table S2 .
Mental and behavioural disorders
Reporting bias is common in psychiatric research ( see below ) .
This also includes industry - sponsorship bias [ 76 – 82 ] .
Depression
Turner et al compared FDA reviews of antidepressant trials including over 12,000 patients with the matching publications and found that 37 out of 38 trials viewed as positive by the FDA were published [ 16 ] .
Of the 36 trials having negative or questionable results according to the FDA , 22 were unpublished and 11 of the 14 published studies conveyed a positive outcome .
According to the publications , 94 % of the trials had positive results , which was in contrast to the proportion reported by the FDA ( 51 % ) .
The overall increase in effect size in the published trials was 32 % .
In a meta - analysis of data from antidepressant trials submitted to the FDA , Kirsch et al requested data on 6 antidepressants from the FDA under the Freedom of Information Act .
However , the FDA did not disclose relevant data from 9 of 47 trials , all of which failed to show a statistically significant benefit over placebo .
Data from 4 of these trials were available on the GlaxoSmithKline ( GSK ) website .
In total , the missing data represented 38 % of patients in sertraline trials and 23 % of patients in citalopram trials .
The analysis of trials investigating the 4 remaining antidepressants showed that drug - placebo differences in antidepressant efficacy were relatively small , even for severely depressed patients [ 83 ] .
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( SSRIs )
One of the biggest controversies surrounding unpublished data was the withholding of efficacy and safety data from SSRI trials .
In a lawsuit launched by the Attorney General of the State of New York it was alleged that GSK had published positive information about the paediatric use of paroxetine in major depressive disorder ( MDD ) , but had concealed negative safety and efficacy data [ 84 ] .
The company had conducted at least 5 trials on the off - label use of paroxetine in children and adolescents but published only one , which showed mixed results for efficacy .
The results of the other trials , which did not demonstrate efficacy and suggested a possible increased risk of suicidality , were suppressed [ 84 ] .
As part of a legal settlement , GSK agreed to establish an online clinical trials registry containing results summaries for all GSK - sponsored studies conducted after a set date [ 85 , 86 ] .
Whittington et al performed a systematic review of published versus unpublished data on SSRIs in childhood depression .
While published data indicated a favourable risk - benefit profile for some SSRIs , the inclusion of unpublished data indicated a potentially unfavourable risk - benefit profile for all SSRIs investigated except fluoxetine [ 70 ] .
Newer antidepressants
IQWiG published the preliminary results of an HTA report on reboxetine , a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor , and other antidepressants .
At least 4600 patients had participated in 16 reboxetine trials , but the majority of data were unpublished .
Despite a request for information the manufacturer Pfizer refused to provide these data .
Only data on about 1600 patients were analysable and IQWiG concluded that due to the risk of publication bias , no statement on the benefit or harm of reboxetine could be made [ 69 , 87 ] .
The preliminary HTA report mentioned above also included an assessment of mirtazapine , a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant .
Four potentially relevant trials were identified in addition to 27 trials included in the assessment , but the manufacturer Essex Pharma did not provide the study reports .
Regarding the other trials , the manufacturer did not send the complete study reports , so the full analyses were not available .
IQWiG concluded that the results of the assessment of mirtazapine may have been biased by unpublished data [ 69 , 87 ] .
After the behaviour of Pfizer and Essex Pharma had been widely publicized , the companies provided the majority of study reports for the final HTA report .
The preliminary report 's conclusion on the effects of mirtazapine was not affected by the additional data .
For reboxetine , the analysis of the published and unpublished data changed the conclusion from " no statement possible " to " no benefit proven " [ 88 ] .
Bipolar disorder
Lamotrigine
A review by Nassir Ghaemi et al of data on lamotrigine in bipolar disorder provided on the GSK website showed that data from negative trials were available on the website but that the studies had not been published in detail or publications emphasized positive secondary outcomes instead of negative primary ones .
Outside of the primary area of efficacy ( prophylaxis of mood episodes ) , the drug showed very limited efficacy in indications such as acute bipolar depression , for which clinicians were supporting its use [ 35 ] .
Gabapentin
Gabapentin , a GABA analogue , was approved by the FDA in 1993 for a certain type of epilepsy , and in 2002 for postherpetic neuralgia .
As of February 1996 , 83 % of gabapentin use was for epilepsy , and 17 % for off - label indications ( see the expert report by Abramson [ 89 ] ) .
As the result of a comprehensive marketing campaign by Pfizer , the number of patients in the US taking gabapentin rose from about 430,000 to nearly 6 million between 1996 and 2001 ; this increase was solely due to off - label use for indications , including bipolar disorder .
As of September 2001 , 93.5 % of gabapentin use was for off - label indications [ 89 ] .
In a further expert report , Dickersin noted " extensive evidence of reporting bias " [ 34 ] , which she further analysed in a recent publication with Vedula et al [ 90 ] .
Concerning the trials of gabapentin for bipolar disorders , 2 of the 3 trials ( all published ) were negative for the primary outcome .
However , these publications showed " extensive spin and misrepresentation of data " [ 34 ] .
Schizophrenia
Quetiapine
The Washington Post reported that a trial on quetiapine , an atypical antipsychotic , was " silenced " in 1997 , the same year it was approved by the FDA to treat schizophrenia .
The study ( " Study 15 " ) was not published .
Patients taking quetiapine had shown high rates of treatment discontinuations and had experienced significant weight increases .
However , data presented by the manufacturer AstraZeneca in 1999 at European and US meetings actually indicated that the drug helped psychotic patients lose weight [ 91 ] .
Panic disorder
Paroxetine
Turner described an example of reporting bias in the treatment of panic disorder : according to a review article , 3 " well designed studies " had apparently shown that the controlled - release formulation of paroxetine had been effective in patients with this condition .
However , according to the corresponding FDA statistical review , only one study was strongly positive , the second study was non-significant regarding the primary outcome ( and marginally significant for a secondary outcome ) , and the third study was clearly negative [ 92 ] .
Further examples of reporting bias in research on mental and behavioural disorders are included in Additional file 1 : Table S2 .
Disorders of the nervous system
Alzheimer 's disease
Rofecoxib
Internal company analyses and information provided by the manufacturer Merck & Co to the FDA on rofecoxib , a selective COX - 2 inhibitor , were released during litigation procedures .
The documents referred to trials investigating the effects of rofecoxib on the occurrence or progression of Alzheimer 's disease .
Psaty and Kronmal performed a review of these documents and 2 trial publications and showed that , although presenting mortality data , the publications had not included analyses or statistical tests of these data and both had concluded that regarding safety , rofecoxib was " well tolerated " .
In contrast , in April 2001 , Merck 's internal ITT analyses of pooled data from these 2 trials showed a significant increase in total mortality .
However , this information was neither disclosed to the FDA nor published in a timely fashion [ 74 ] .
Rofecoxib was taken off the market by Merck in 2004 [ 93 ] , among allegations that the company had been aware of the safety risks since 2000 [ 73 ] .
Acute pain
Valdecoxib
In their article " An untold story ? " , Lenzer and Brownlee reported the case of valdecoxib , another selective COX - 2 inhibitor withdrawn from the market due to cardiovascular concerns [ 94 , 95 ] .
In 2001 , the manufacturer Pfizer had applied for approval in 4 indications , including acute pain .
The application for acute pain was rejected and some of the information about the corresponding trials removed from the FDA website for confidentiality reasons .
Further examples of reporting bias in research on pain are presented in Additional file 1 : Table S2 .
Migraine
Gabapentin
According to the expert report by Dickersin , all 3 trials on gabapentin for migraine showed negative results for the primary outcome .
Substantial reporting bias was present .
One trial was fully published ( seemingly with a redefined primary outcome showing positive results in a subgroup of patients ) , one was unpublished , and preliminary ( positive ) results were presented for the third trial [ 34 ] .
Disorders of the circulatory system
Coronary heart disease ( bleeding prophylaxis during bypass surgery )
Aprotinin
In his article on observational studies on drug safety , Hiatt reported the case of aprotinin , an antifibrinolytic drug formerly marketed to reduce bleeding during heart bypass graft surgery .
In 2006 , data from 2 published observational studies indicated serious concerns about the drug 's safety [ 96 ] .
The FDA subsequently convened an expert meeting in which the safety data presented by the manufacturer Bayer did not reveal any increased risk of fatal or nonfatal cardiovascular events .
However , it turned out that Bayer had not presented additional observational data , which , according to an FDA review , indicated that aprotinin may be associated with an increased risk of death and other serious adverse events .
In November 2007 Bayer suspended the worldwide marketing of aprotinin , after requests and advice from various drug regulating authorities [ 97 ] .
Prevention of arrhythmia
Class I anti-arrhythmic drugs
In a clinical trial conducted in 1980 , 9 out of 49 patients with suspected acute myocardial infarction treated with a class Ic anti-arrhythmic drug ( lorcainide ) died , versus only one patient in the placebo group ; the investigators interpreted this finding as an " effect of chance " [ 71 ] .
The development of lorcainide was discontinued for commercial reasons , and the results of the trial were not published until 1993 .
The investigators then stated that if the trial had been published earlier , it " might have provided an early warning of trouble ahead " [ 71 ] .
Instead , during the 1980s , class I drugs were widely used , even though concerns as to their lack of effect were published as early as 1983 [ 98 , 99 ] .
Further reviews and trials confirmed this suspicion , as well as an increase in mortality [ 100 – 102 ] .
In his book " Deadly Medicine " , Moore described the consequences as " America 's worst drug disaster " , which had " produced a death toll larger than the United States ' combat losses in wars such as Korea and Vietnam " [ 72 ] .
Further examples of reporting bias in research on disorders of the circulatory system are presented in Additional file 1 : Table S2 .
Disorders of the digestive system
Irritable bowel syndrome
Alosetron
Barbehenn et al compared a published trial on alosetron , a 5 - HT 3 antagonist , in women with irritable bowel syndrome with data obtained from the FDA [ 103 ] .
She noted that according to the graphics in the publication , which presented relative differences in pain and discomfort scores , the drug seemed effective .
However , when plotting the absolute data from the FDA review , the data points were almost superimposable .
After discussions with the FDA about potential serious side effects , the drug was withdrawn from the market by the manufacturer in 2000 , but reapproved with restrictions in 2002 [ 104 ] .
A further example of reporting bias in research on disorders of the digestive system is presented in Additional file 1 : Table S2 .
Disorders of the genitourinary system / Perinatal medicine
Urinary incontinence
Duloxetine
Lenzer and Brownlee also reported cases of suicide in a trial investigating the selective serotonin and noradrenalin reuptake inhibitor duloxetine for a new indication , urinary incontinence in women .
However , the FDA refused to release data on these cases , citing trade secrecy laws .
These laws " permit companies to withhold all information , even deaths , about drugs that do not win approval for a new indication , even when the drug is already on the market for other indications " [ 94 ] .
Two examples of reporting bias in perinatal research are presented in Additional file 1 : Table S2 .
Disorders of the musculoskeletal system
Osteoarthritis
Rofecoxib
In 2000 , a trial comparing upper gastrointestinal toxicity of rofecoxib , a selective COX - 2 inhibitor , and naproxen in over 8000 patients with rheumatoid arthritis reported that rofecoxib was associated with significantly fewer clinically important upper gastrointestinal events .
The significantly lower myocardial infarction rate in the naproxen group was attributed to a cardioprotective effect of naproxen ( VIGOR trial , [ 105 ] ) .
Concerns about the risk of selective COX - 2 - inhibitor - related cardiovascular events were raised as early as 2001 [ 106 ] , and in 2002 , an analysis including previously unpublished data from FDA reports of the VIGOR trial showed a statistically significant increase of serious cardiovascular thrombotic events in patients using rofecoxib [ 107 ] .
Celecoxib
In their article on access to pharmaceutical data at the FDA , Lurie and Zieve presented the example of the selective COX - 2 inhibitor celecoxib : in a journal publication of a trial investigating the gastrointestinal toxicity with celecoxib versus other pain medications , the study authors concluded that the drug was associated with a lower incidence of gastrointestinal ulcers after 6 months of therapy [ 108 , 109 ] .
However , they failed to disclose that at the time of publication they had already received data for the full study period ( 12 months ) , which showed no advantage over the comparator drugs for the above outcome [ 109 ] .
Disorders of the skin
Atopic dermatitis
Evening primrose oil
In his editorial " Evening primrose oil for atopic dermatitis - Time to say goodnight " , Williams reported that he and his colleague , who had performed an individual patient meta- analysis of evening primrose oil for atopic dermatitis commissioned by the UK Department of Health , were not given permission to publish their report , which included 10 previously unpublished studies .
After submission of the report to the Department of Health , Searle , the company then responsible for product marketing , required the authors and referees to sign a written statement that the contents of the report had not been leaked .
Other research had not shown convincing evidence of a benefit , and in 2002 the UK Medicines Control Agency withdrew marketing authorisation [ 66 ] .
Endocrine and metabolic disorders
Diabetes mellitus type 2
Rosiglitazone
The US cardiologist Steven Nissen commented on safety issues surrounding rosiglitazone , a thiazolidinedione used to treat type 2 diabetes .
After the drug 's approval , the FDA was informed in August 2005 by the manufacturer GSK that it had performed a meta- analysis of 42 randomized clinical trials of rosiglitazone , which suggested a 31 % increase in the risk of ischaemic cardiovascular complications .
GSK posted this finding on its website .
However , neither GSK nor the FDA disseminated their findings in a broad way to the scientific community and the public [ 110 ] .
The safety concerns were supported by a controversially discussed meta- analysis performed by Nissen and Wolski , who found that treatment with rosiglitazone was associated with a significantly increased risk of myocardial infarction and an increase in the risk of death from cardiovascular causes that had borderline significance [ 111 ] .
More examples of reporting bias in diabetes research are presented in Additional file 1 : Table S2 .
Hypercholesterolaemia
Ezetimibe and simvastatin
In his article " Controversies surround heart drug study " Mitka described a trial that compared the 2 anticholesterol drugs ezetimibe and simvastatin versus simvastatin alone in patients with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolaemia [ 112 ] .
No statistically significant difference between treatment groups was found for the primary outcome ( mean change in the carotid intima - media thickness ) after 2 years [ 113 ] .
The trial , which was sponsored by Merck & Co. and Schering - Plough , was concluded in April 2006 .
A delay of almost 2 years in the reporting of results followed amidst allegations that the manufacturers had attempted to change the study endpoints prior to the publication of results [ 112 ] .
A further case of reporting bias in research on ezetimibe is included in Additional file 1 : Table S2 .
Cerivastatin
Psaty et al conducted a review of the published literature on the statin cerivastatin and also analysed internal company documents that became available during litigation procedures [ 114 ] .
In the published literature , cerivastatin was associated with a substantially higher risk of rhabdomyolysis than other statins ; this particularly referred to cerivastatin - gemfibrozil combination therapy .
Cerivastatin was launched in the US in 1998 by Bayer , and within 3 to 4 months , internal documents indicated there had been multiple cases of cerivastatin - gemfibrozil interactions .
However , it took more than 18 months until a contraindication about the concomitant use of the 2 drugs was added to the package insert .
The unpublished data available in 1999 also suggested an association between high - dose cerivastatin monotherapy and rhabdomyolysis .
In 1999/2000 , the company analysed FDA adverse event reporting system data , which suggested that compared with atorvastatin , cerivastatin monotherapy substantially increased the risk of rhabdomyolysis .
However , these findings were not disseminated or published .
Cerivastatin was removed from the market in August 2001 [ 114 ] .
In the same month , the German Ministry of Health accused Bayer of withholding vital information from its federal drug agency [ 115 ] .
Thyroid disorders
Levothyroxine
The Wall Street Journal reported the suppression of the results of a trial comparing the bioavailability of generic and brand - name levothyroxine products in the treatment of hypothyroidism ; the investigators had concluded that the products were bioequivalent and in most cases interchangeable [ 116 , 117 ] .
The trial was completed in 1990 ; over the next 7 years , the manufacturer of the brand - name product Synthroid , Boots pharmaceuticals , successfully delayed publication [ 65 ] .
The manuscript was finally published in 1997 .
Menopausal symptoms
Tibolone
A study investigating tibolone , a synthetic steroid , in breast - cancer patients with climacteric complaints was terminated prematurely after it was shown that this drug significantly increased the risk of cancer recurrence [ 118 ] .
According to the German TV programme Frontal 21 , the manufacturer ( Schering - Plough , formerly NV Organon ) informed regulatory authorities and ethics committees , as well as study centres and participants .
However , the study results were not published until 1.5 years later [ 119 ] .
Neoplasms
Oncology is another area in which reporting bias is common [ 40 , 50 , 54 , 120 –127 ] .
A review of over 2000 oncology trials registered in ClinicalTrials.gov showed that less than 20 % were available in PubMed , with substantial differences between trials sponsored by clinical trial networks and those sponsored by industry regarding both publication rates ( 59 % vs. 6 % ) and the proportion of trials with positive results ( 50 % vs. 75 % ) [ 50 ] .
Ovarian cancer
Combination chemotherapy
In one of the earliest publications measuring the effects of reporting bias , Simes compared published oncology trials and trials identified in cancer registries that investigated the survival impact of initial alkylating agent ( AA ) therapy versus combination chemotherapy ( CC ) in advanced ovarian cancer .
A meta-analysis of the published trials showed a significant survival advantage for CC ; however , no such advantage was shown in the meta - analysis of registered trials [ 121 ] .
Multiple myeloma
Combination chemotherapy
The above study also investigated the survival impact of AA / prednisone versus CC in multiple myeloma .
The meta -analysis of published trials demonstrated a significant survival advantage for CC .
A survival benefit was also shown in the registered trials ; however , the estimated magnitude of the benefit was reduced [ 121 ] .
A further example of reporting bias in cancer research is presented in Additional file 1 : Table S2 .
Disorders of the blood
Thalassaemia major
Iron-chelation agents
In his editorial " Thyroid storm " , Rennie , among other things , discussed events surrounding a US researcher who had been involved in a trial investigating the effects of an oral iron- chelation agent in patients with thalassaemia major .
She had initially published an optimistic article on the effects of this agent .
However , further research showed a lack of effectiveness and a potential safety risk .
She had signed a confidentiality agreement but , because of her concerns , decided to break confidentiality and report her results at a meeting ; the manufacturer unsuccessfully attempted to block her presentation [ 128 ] .
Bacterial , fungal , and viral infections
Influenza
Oseltamivir
The BMJ and Channel 4 News reported on the difficulties in obtaining data for an updated Cochrane review on neuraminidase inhibitors in influenza [ 129 ] .
A previous analysis of oseltamivir , which was used in the prior Cochrane review [ 130 ] , was based on 10 industry - sponsored trials of which only 2 had been published in peer - reviewed journals [ 131 ] .
The manufacturer Roche initially declined to provide the necessary data to reproduce the analysis and then only provided a selection of files [ 129 ] .
The Cochrane authors ( Jefferson et al ) subsequently concluded that " Evidence on the effects of oseltamivir in complications from lower respiratory tract infections , reported in our 2006 Cochrane review , may be unreliable " [ 132 ] .
Roche has since agreed to provide public access to study summaries and password - protected access to the full study reports [ 129 ] .
HIV / AIDS
Anti-HIV agents
Ioannidis et al identified several examples of publication bias in trials investigating medications against HIV .
At least 13 trials of 6 antiviral agents including at least 3779 patients had remained unpublished for more than 3 years from the time of their meeting presentation or completion .
At least 9 of these trials had negative preliminary or final results .
For example , 2 large negative isoprinosine trials were unpublished , whilst a positive trial had been published in a high impact journal [ 33 ] .
Further examples of reporting bias in research on infections are presented in Additional file 1 : Table S2 .
Acute trauma
Acute spinal cord injury
High - dose steroids
Lenzer and Brownlee described the concerns of neurosurgeons regarding the use of high - dose steroids in patients with acute spinal cord injury .
They noted that one neurosurgeon believed that several thousand patients had died as a result of this intervention ; 2 surveys showed that many other neurosurgeons shared his concerns .
The single available study , which had been funded by the NIH , was potentially flawed and several researchers had unsuccessfully lobbied for the release of the underlying data [ 94 ] .
Shock
Human albumin infusion
In the UK Health Committee 's 2004 - 2005 report on the influence of the pharmaceutical industry , Chalmers mentioned a systematic review of human albumin solution , which is used in the treatment of shock , e.g. in patients with burns .
The results showed no evidence that albumin was helpful and suggested that this intervention may actually be harmful .
Although the UK Medicines Control Agency subsequently slightly modified the labelling , it kept confidential the evidence upon which the drug had been re-licensed in 1993 [ 133 , 134 ] .
Vaccinations
HIV - 1 vaccine
McCarthy reported the case of an HIV - 1 vaccine study that was terminated early when no difference in efficacy between the vaccine and placebo was found .
After the lead investigators refused to include a post - hoc analysis arguing that it had not been part of the study protocol and that invalid statistical methods had been used , the manufacturer , Immune Response , filed an ( unsuccessful ) claim seeking to prevent publication .
After publication , the manufacturer filed a claim against the study 's lead investigators and their universities asking for US $ 7 - 10 million in damages [ 135 ] .
Cancer vaccines
Rosenberg provided various examples of how researchers and companies withheld information on cancer vaccines for competitive reasons ; for example , researchers were asked to keep information confidential that might have prevented cancer patients from receiving ineffective or even harmful doses of a new agent [ 75 ] .
Other indications
Nocturnal leg cramps
Quinine
Man-Song - Hing et al performed a meta- analysis including unpublished individual patient data ( IPD ) obtained from the FDA on trials investigating quinine for the treatment of nocturnal leg cramps .
They showed that the pooling only of published studies overestimated efficacy by more than 100 % [ 136 ] .
Further examples of reporting bias in other indications are presented in Additional file 1 : Table S2 .
Further research areas
Reporting bias has also been shown in other research areas , such as genetics [ 137 , 138 ] , effects of passive smoking [ 139 , 140 ] and nicotine [ 141 , 142 ] , and effects of air pollution [ 143 ] .
Save hundreds on your Hawaii auto insurance with Island
When shopping around for Hawaii car insurance see why Hawaii residents choose Island Insurance as their auto insurance provider .
No matter what your situation , Island ’s auto insurance and home insurance policy holders enjoy low rates , peace of mind , and the very best in claims service .
For drivers who need basic , no - frills auto coverage , Island ’s GoLow ℠ auto insurance policy can keep your car on the road and you on the go .
For bigger savings , bundle your auto insurance with your homeowners , condo or renters insurance policies and you could save even more .
Why Choose Island Insurance ?
Island Insurance has been serving families in Hawaii for over 80 years and is one of the Top 50 property and casualty insurance companies in the nation and is rated A ( Excellent ) by A.M.
Best for financial strength .
Guided by its founding philosophy of providing affordable car insurance , Island Insurance has grown into Hawaii 's largest locally owned and managed insurance company .
By choosing an auto insurance policy from Island , if you were to find yourself in an auto accident , our Hawaii claims staff is there to help you 24 hours - a - day .
Rest assured that your auto repair is handled by a network of Island Certified ℠ repair facilities on Oahu , Big Island , Maui and Kauai that are among the top 20 auto repair facilities in Hawaii .
When paying your car insurance premium , you can make a payment online , by phone or arrange a monthly automated installment plan by calling 564- 8111 ( Oahu ) or 1-888-312-2525 ( neighbor islands toll - free ) during normal business hours .
Anadarko Petroleum Corp. , which owns a quarter of BP PLC 's blown - out oil well in the Gulf of Mexico , late Friday blasted BP " reckless decisions and actions " that led to the well 's explosion .
In recent years , oil giant BP PLC used a well design that has been called " risky " by Congressional investigators in more than one out of three of its deepwater wells in the Gulf of Mexico , significantly more often than most peers , a Wall Street Journal analysis of federal data shows .
" The mounting evidence clearly demonstrates that this tragedy was preventable and the direct result of BP 's reckless decisions and actions , " said Hackett in the statement .
" We recognize that ultimately we have obligations under federal law related to the oil spill , but will look to BP to continue to pay all legitimate claims as they have repeatedly stated that they will do . "
The design was used on the well that exploded in the Gulf of Mexico on April 20 , killing 11 workers and causing America 's worst offshore oil spill .
The only other major well design , which is more expensive , includes more safeguards against a natural - gas blowout of the kind that destroyed the Deepwater Horizon .
A Wall Street Journal analysis of records provided by the U.S. Minerals Management Service shows that BP used the less costly design — called " long string " — on 35 percent of its deepwater wells since July 2003 , the earliest date the well - design data were available .
Anadarko used it on 42 percent of its deepwater Gulf wells , though it says it does n't do so in wells of the type drilled by BP .
BP chief executive officer Tony Hayward said in a statement that the company strongly disagreed with the allegations
" These allegations will neither distract the company 's focus on stopping the leak nor alter our commitment to restore the Gulf coast , " Hayward said .
" Other parties besides BP may be responsible for costs and liabilities arising from the oil spill , and we expect those parties to live up to their obligations . "
Both companies used the design much more often , on average , than other major Gulf drillers .
Out of 218 deepwater wells in the Gulf drilled since July 2003 , 26 percent used the long - string design .
It derives its name from its use of a single , long " string " of pipe from the sea floor to the bottom of the well .
Other big drillers use long - string design less frequently than BP , according to the Journal 's data analysis .
Royal Dutch Shell PLC used long string designs on 8 percent of its wells and Chevron Corp. on 15 percent .
Australian firm BHP Billiton PLC used long string on 4 percent of its wells .
The Wall Street Journal and the AP contributed to this story .
As if there was n't enough oil pouring into the Gulf of Mexico , satellite images have revealed a 10 - mile - long slick from another drilling rig , which apparently began leaking days after the Deepwater Horizon disaster began .
Citing an environmental group and federal documents , the Mobile , Ala. , Press - Register reports that the smaller leak , from the Ocean Saratoga platform , apparently began around April 30 and was noted by federal officials May 15 .
But they and Diamond Offshore officials are n't saying anything else about it .
The spill was first reported by SkyTruth , which said it accidentally discovered the separate slick while scrutinizing Deepwater Horizon images .
Photos taken during overflights " appear to show a large oil crew boat pumping dispersants into the water at the spill site , " the Press - Register writes .
Officials at the National Response Center , which is coordinating the massive BP spill , said the Ocean Saratoga leak had been reported , but they would not say exactly when it began .
The Coast Guard has not yet responded either .
The Ocean Saratoga , currently under contract to the Marshall Islands , can operate in water 2,200 feet deep and drill to 25,000 feet .
( Posted by Michael Winter )
This morning Texas Instruments unveiled Launchpad , a development platform for their low - cost MSP430 line of microcontrollers .
We ’ve seen these chips before , most notably in the ez430 Chronos sports watch .
We see this as a bid for the hobby market currently enjoyed by Arduino , PIC , AVR , and others .
TI ’s biggest selling point is price , but we ’re going to wait to share that with you .
Join us after the break to see what the package offers , then decide if the price is right .
What is it ?
We received a contact request on our tip line from a public relations firm on behalf of Texas Instruments .
The video conference paired us with one of their engineers who took us through the details of the package , mentioning the low price tag every minute or so .
Launchpad is a programming and development board for the TI MSP430 .
It has a machined DIP socket that can accept chips with up to 20 pins .
All of these pins are broken out to the header ports on either side of the board , which resemble the Arduino layout to us .
Good news , unlike the Arduino the header spacing falls into the 0.1 ″ divisions necessary to interface with common protoboard .
TI is also looking for community involvement , pushing thier Lunchapad Wiki to help you get stated and asking that you add you knowledge as you find success with the 16 - bit platform .
What ’s inside ?
Each Launchpad device comes with a whole lot of goodness .
In addition to the board itself you get a 0.5 meter USB cable , two pin headers and two pin sockets for the pin breakout pads , two different MSP430 microprocessors ( MSP430G2211 and MSP430G2231 ) , and two free IDEs ; Code Composer Studio 4 and IAR Embedded Workbench Kickstart ( note that the latter has a 4 K or 8 K code limitation depending on the processor used ) .
Price
Hands down TI is trying to make price the biggest issue with this release .
The presentation we were given included the price in large red numbers on seven of the thirteen slides .
So here it is : Launchpad will set you back four dollars and thirty cents .
And for now shipping is included .
Conclusion
It ’s important to note that we have n’t had the board in hand yet .
That being said , for $ 4.30 it ’s worth the risk just to get the USB cable and a couple of processors .
We ’re amazed that they ’ve beaten back the price to this point and delighted that you get the programmer and two microcontrollers , not to mention the other components .
We like the fact that they did n’t develop an alternative language like Arduino did for the AVR controllers .
This makes it easy to clear the hurdle of setting up a programmer , IDE and toolchain , and get right down to developing in C .
After all , the chips are dirt cheap and quite powerful .
You may remember 3000 of them from a project we saw over the weekend .
We ’d imagine the initial demand will be quite high and hope they have the stock to keep up .
Update :
Unboxing Video
Demo Application Video
The Rebirth of Booze
The Rebirth of Booze
At the hottest restaurants , cocktails are as sophisticated as the food .
Bartenders are playing with liquid nitrogen , concocting infusions , and changing the way we drink .
It ’s the most exciting gastronomic development in years
There are only two kinds of cocktails — those that are dead and those that are alive — and the only way to tell them apart is to taste them .
A dead drink is at best two - dimensional , merely a mixture of liquids ; a living cocktail is full of motion as its flavours unfold on the palate .
It ’s like the difference between a paint - by - numbers canvas and a true work of art .
And in this city , the dead outnumber the living by about a thousand to one .
But not for long , thanks to a handful of determined pioneers .
Frankie Solarik at Barchef , Moses McIntee at Ame , Jen Agg at the Black Hoof and Bill Sweete at Sidecar make up the new avant - garde , along with Christine Sismondo , the author of the influential book Mondo Cocktail , who is opening her own place on College Street in July , wryly called the Toronto Temperance Society .
Each one has a different view of what constitutes a great cocktail , but they all share a single belief : it ’s high time the age of the crantini was over .
The most extreme place to observe this revolution is Barchef , the dimly lit temple of mixology on Queen West where Frankie Solarik is the celebrant .
Tall , slim and bearded , wearing a black porkpie hat , he works behind a bar crowded with more than 30 spiced infusions and subtle elixirs in various flasks and jars .
I ’ve never seen such a set - up — like an alchemist ’s laboratory , complete with the molecular foams , flavoured airs and gelatinous transubstantiations that are Solarik ’s specialty .
His masterpiece is a smoked vanilla manhattan , a $ 45 cocktail set in a bell jar filled with hickory smoke until it smells like a campfire and tastes like heaven .
Solarik got his start at the age of 17 working in a cigar bar in London , Ontario , listening to gentlemen discuss the relative merits of different tobaccos , cognacs and single malts .
He learned high - volume bartending in England in the 1990s and then refined his technique at Tocqueville in Manhattan .
He really began to explore the possibilities of his profession when he returned to Toronto in 2001 and found work at Rain , Luce and finally Kultura .
“ That ’s where I began doing this kind of mise en place , ” he says , glancing down at the potions on the bar .
“ As an artist , I need to work among my colours , if you see what I mean . ”
Barchef ’s small but devoted congregation includes superstar chefs Susur Lee , Guy Rubino , Claudio Aprile and Grant Achatz of Alinea in Chicago .
Tonight , however , Solarik is freestyling for me , improvising a cocktail to suit the mood and the moment .
He finds inspiration in unusual places — the sound of a muted trumpet on Miles Davis ’s Sketches of Spain and the scent of his infant son ’s cucumber - and - melon bath soap .
I just want something to match the charcuterie and cheeses on the bar ’s minimal menu .
He begins by rinsing a glass with green Chartreuse before taking an ice pick to the massive translucent block of ice on the bar , chopping out chunks for the shaker .
Then he reaches for his orange - infused New Amsterdam gin , his house - made coconut bitters , the apricot bitters , a trace of fennel syrup and a dash of Amaro Lucano .
Shake and strain .
The amber drink shimmers in the glow of the candles .
I catch the aromas of orange and spice as the cold , heavy spirits hit my tongue in a swirl of rich , bittersweet flavours — it ’s like drinking polarized light .
And it ’s great with the cheese .
Sketch the history of Hogtown drinking on a cocktail napkin and you end up with something that looks like Libeskind ’s ROM , a series of jagged fits and starts .
The city ’s mid-19th - century smart set was n’t immune to the American fascination with mixology ( the word dates from around 1865 ) , but most knowledge was lost during Ontario ’s long Prohibition .
Amazingly , hotels were forbidden to serve hard liquor until 1947 .
A few great bars soon emerged — the Roof Lounge is still with us — and I ’ve heard stories of Mad Men–esque cocktail parties in the ’60s ( my father - in - law was renowned for mixing batches of dry martinis in the washing machine ) , but by and large Toronto remained a rye - and - ginger town well into the 1980s .
The ’90s were blighted by sickly custards like the mudslide and by the cosmopolitan and its infantile offspring , sweet drinks whose only purpose was to hide the presence of spirits .
Entrepreneurs like Michelle Hunt and Laura Panter of the Martini Club , Brock Shepherd at Azul , and Dave Mitton , now at the Harbord Room , fought back with their own concoctions , but progress was slow .
“ As recently as two years ago , ” recalls Bill Sweete , “ when I was planning on opening Sidecar and checking out the competition along College , one bartender told me that he considered himself a traditionalist because he mixed his own lemon - lime for margaritas from powder instead of getting it from the gun . ”
A few years ago , bartenders who squeezed their own fruit juices were seen as radicals .
Now , that ’s standard practice
Sweete , Christine Sismondo and I are sitting around a back table at Negroni , Sweete ’s other restaurant on College , nibbling panini and dissecting the scene .
A savvy businessman as well as a talented bartender , he was in at the start of Toronto ’s bibulous evolution .
In 2004 , when he put together the cocktail program at Bymark , he was seen as radical for squeezing fresh juices and properly muddling a mojito .
At Sidecar , he challenged the Sex and the City brigade head - on .
“ I tried to wean people off cosmopolitans by doing my own version using cranberry - infused vodka instead of juice .
We called it a Little Tart .
That was my joke on anyone who would actually order a cosmo .
People loved it . ”
“ Except the people who thought it was just stuck - up , ” adds Sismondo .
“ They did n’t like finding out their beloved cosmo is no longer cool . ”
Sweete is a business partner in the Toronto Temperance Society , but it ’s Sismondo ’s baby .
She plans to make the space above Sidecar a private club with a $ 285 annual membership ( a way of ensuring customers can enjoy their drinks in peace on nights when College Street is choked with drunken clubbers ) , and the cocktail list reflects her preferences .
A keen historian of mixology , she intends to revive pre-Prohibition cocktails at TTS , along with some of the more serious tiki drinks from the ’50s , plus a line of “ market - fresh ” cocktails .
The club will feature house - made infusions and her own tonic water , made with cinchona bark , allspice and citrus .
She has brought some for me to try , and it ’s incredibly quenching : tangy , edgy and not nearly as sweet as the commercial stuff .
But , unlike many of their peers , she and Sweete draw the line at bitters ( “ the bitters you buy are better than what we could make ” ) , and she wo n’t be using any of the molecular techniques that Frankie Solarik uses at Barchef .
“ I think it ’s mostly just smoke and mirrors , ” she explains .
“ I do n’t want an olive that explodes in my mouth and has something that tastes like a mojito inside it ; I want an actual mojito .
Not that I ’m criticizing Frankie , ” she adds quickly .
“ It ’s great someone ’s doing it .
But if Frankie is the haute couture of the bar scene , we ’ll have more of a ready - to - wear collection . ”
Molecular mixology seems to be the ideological divide among our new star bartenders .
“ Let ’s just say , it ’s totally not for me , ” is Jen Agg ’s response when I bring up the question one evening , sitting with her at the Hoof Café ’s bar .
“ It can be fun , but it can also be silly , and I think drinking is serious . ”
A tall , elegant brunette , Agg prefers to be called a bartender rather than a mixologist , finding the old word pretentious .
She has been behind a bar all her working life , starting out as a teenager at Toby ’s Good Eats , then moving to the Imperial Public Library and Souz Dal .
She was co-owner and operator of Cobalt for eight years .
That she still has a passion for the business is obvious from the frequently changing cocktail lists she devises for the two Dundas West spots she co-owns with chef Grant van Gameren .
Using spices and seasonal fruits , she makes dozens of variations on her house bitters , each one designed for a specific cocktail .
For example , blood orange bitters goes into a Pink on Pink , a fragrant union of fresh grapefruit juice and gin infused with red sorrel flowers .
“ What I really like to do is take a great idea and twist it , make it modern , ” she says , “ but you need to be able to make the classic drink exactly the right way before you can twist it . ”
To prove the point , she mixes me a manhattan , stirring 10 - year - old Alberta rye , red vermouth and a dash of her own clove - heavy bitters and garnishing it with a cherry she has steeped in amaretto , rye and sugar .
It ’s magnificent : the bitters hover at the centre of my palate like the spinning nucleus of an atom , surrounded by the sweet vermouth and cold , sharp whisky .
Given the Hoof ’s obsession with charcuterie , it ’s entirely appropriate that Agg should make a bacon - washed rye , curing and smoking her own bacon , then steeping the rind in whisky , imbuing the spirit with a salty , maple - sweet smokiness .
More than just a tasty gimmick , it ’s emblematic of the new , symbiotic relationship between cocktails and the kitchen that is transforming the way we drink .
Old - time bartending had nothing to do with food beyond slicing a lemon or impaling an olive ; today ’s cocktail masters are making their own artisanal ingredients and using seasonal produce as conscientiously as any chef .
“ I ’ve always wanted to be a cook , ” says Moses McIntee , the head bartender at Ame .
“ Philosophically speaking , my work comes out of the kitchen , not the bar . ”
He learned high - end bartending at CinCin in Vancouver , and when he came home two years ago he ended up at Nota Bene and then School Bakery and Café .
At Ame , his mandate was precise : to create an Asian - inspired cocktail menu using as many fresh ingredients as possible .
Chinatown ’s grocery stores have been an invaluable resource , and many of McIntee ’s ideas come from Ame ’s kitchen — a cocktail using the red , green and white fronds of arame seaweed , for instance .
A sophisticated clientele is a vital component of a true cocktail culture , which is why the Mercer Street hot spot started holding cocktail classes in the early evening , spreading the idea of well - made drinks as much as bringing in new customers .
I joined one of the sessions , taking my seat at the bar beside a dozen other eager students who had each paid $ 50 to take part .
McIntee turned out to be an entertaining professor , teaching us how to chip ice from the huge block on the bar using his $ 5,000 Belvedere ice pick .
He helped each of us prepare a perfect bourbon sour , then set up a competition in which we created our own wacky concoctions while nibbling on sashimi and tempura .
To finish , McIntee and his team showed off some molecular techniques .
They looked like mad scientists as they poured liquid nitrogen into a dry martini , chilling it down to minus 15 degrees Celsius .
“ It ’s not a parlour trick , ” he says .
“ Just the perfect way of chilling a cocktail . ”
The glory of our burgeoning cocktail scene is its inclusivity — the same characteristic , incidentally , that gives our city a culinary identity .
There ’s equal room for a 19th - century sazerac made properly with cognac , absinthe and Peychaud bitters ( McIntee stirs up a doozie ) , for Agg ’s horseradish gin , for Sismondo ’s old - fashioned , and for Solarik ’s espresso caviar .
Space may even be found for a cosmo , if made with integrity under proper adult supervision .
The new mixology embraces many styles as it straddles the old divide between food and drink : it ’s the most interesting gastronomical development in years .
The British National party 's already troubled election campaign descended into violence tonight when one of its councillors was caught on camera getting into a fight with a group of Asian youths .
Bob Bailey was canvassing with other BNP members in the party 's key target seat of Barking , in east London , when they became involved in an argument with a group of teenagers .
Footage appeared to show one of the teenagers spitting at the BNP activists , before the youth is apparently punched to the ground and kicked in the body .
Police said they were called to investigate reports of a fight at 3.10 pm today , but were taking no further action .
The BNP refused to comment on the incident .
Earlier in the day , eyewitnesses said Nick Griffin , the BNP leader , had been pelted with tomatoes by several white youths as he campaigned in the area .
" It was a couple of white lads , and they just picked up a couple of tomatoes and threw them at Griffin , " said a shopkeeeper who witnessed the incident .
" This is why we really do n't want the BNP round here .
Everyone gets on well , but they are just trying to stir up trouble and divide people . "
The shopkeeper , who did not want to be named , said Griffin ran into his car and was driven away .
" It was then that a couple of lads on bikes followed his car to see what was going on .
I think that was when they caught up with some more BNP members .
There was an argument and they were pretty viciously attacked . "
The violence was the latest setback for the BNP campaign .
Yesterday the BNP 's website was closed down and replaced with a posting from Simon Bennett , the party 's website manager , stating he had been " in dispute with some elements of the management of the party " and claiming there had been " several attempts to steal " his work .
The website was later reinstated , but on his own blog Bennett added that there had been a number of " highly questionable shenanigans going on at BNP HQ " with which he was unhappy .
Meanwhile , a BNP leaflet designed to woo the black Christian vote in Barking and Dagenham has been branded " obscene " by one of its recipients .
The targeted leaflet , which accuses Labour of undermining Christian values and promoting " ungodly lifestyles " , was sent to 24,000 people in the borough .
It features a picture of Nick Griffin next to the Rev George Hargreaves , the leader of the Christian party , and was sent out last week after the BNP trawled the electoral register looking for people with " African names " .
In it , Griffin says : " I am writing to you personally to set your mind at rest .
A lot of rubbish is being written and talked about how the BNP is supposed to be some kind of ' threat ' to black and ethnic minority groups in Barking … I want to reassure you that , as a Christian and a man who believes passionately in core British values including democracy and freedom , I am not standing in this election to persecute or hurt anybody , or any race and religion . "
After berating the government for damaging Christian values and encouraging " the spread of Islam " , he adds : " Surely , no believer can vote Labour and walk with the Lord Jesus Christ .
A BNP spokesman said : " Our campaigners trawled through the electoral register and identified 24,000 African names .
They have each received a personal letter from Nick Griffin to counteract the alarmist claims being made by [ Labour MP ] Margaret Hodge that if the British National party are elected the borough will descend into chaos . "
Hargreaves told the Guardian there was nothing his party could do about his image appearing on the leaflet .
" I have n't seen the leaflet , so I can't comment on it , but we 're taking legal advice , " he said .
" [ But ] they have n't defamed us , so there 's nothing we can do . "
He said that although there was a " politics of fear stalking Barking " , the Christian party was urging people to vote on principles rather than prejudice .
" Our message is faith , not fear , " he said .
" Our scriptures tell us that we should not go to the polls because we are frightened of anybody , but because we believe in the values of those people who are standing . "
One Barking and Dagenham resident – a British citizen with Indian Caribbean heritage – described the BNP leaflet campaign as " obscene " .
The resident , who did not want to be identified , does not have an African first or second name and expressed surprise at receiving the leaflet .
" I was extremely concerned to receive direct mail from the BNP , particularly as it was sent to me on the basis of my ethnicity , " said the resident .
" I find it disturbing that a political party with far - right links and extreme views is keeping lists of people categorised by ethnicity .
Ethnic profiling is not an acceptable means of polling and I am very scared . "
The leaflet , the resident added , had stirred fears that the BNP would " consider repatriation of me and my mixed - heritage child to several countries that I no longer have links to …
It is obscene . "
The BNP did not respond to the Guardian 's questions about how it had obtained data on Barking and Dagenham residents who do not have African names .
Although the party had predicted it would create a " political earthquake " , claiming it was on course to win two parliamentary seats and take control of Barking and Dagenham council , its campaign has been beset by problems , and it is floundering in the polls .
Internal criticism over Nick Griffin 's leadership came to a head last month when the publicity director , Mark Collett , was arrested on suspicion of threatening to kill him .
In Stoke , the party 's number two electoral target , Alby Walker , who led the BNP on the local council for four years , is standing as an independent .
• Read the BNP letter
Standing inside Toronto's new public pay toilet , I 'm struck by the not so original thought that life is strange .
After 10 + years spent at university cultivating my intellect in the ivory tower , I now find myself working on a " story " about a place where people go to relieve themselves .
Where did I go wrong ?
Unfortunately , that question is too much to take on in a blog post , so I 'll have to confine myself to a consideration of the washroom .
Added bonus : I have pictures !
Despite the fact that I received more than a few " who 's - that - pervert ? " stares as I entered the automated restroom with my professional looking camera , I was willing to make the sacrifice in light of my profound commitment to quality journalism ( insert SarcMark here ) .
After all , it stands to reason that people might be curious about what a $ 400,000 toilet looks like .
Located at Queens Quay and Rees Street , this washroom is the first of its kind in Toronto .
Here 's what the City 's press release has to say about it : " The automated public toilet is activated by inserting a 25 - cent coin or token .
Each patron is allocated 20 minutes per use , with the time clearly communicated through a three - step audible warning process and a visual blinking light .
After each patron exits , the unit will seal itself and begin a self - cleaning cycle . "
All of the above is true , but since I spent part of my evening checking this toilet out , I 'll share my impressions .
Though my visit took place on the day of its opening , I have to say it 's still pretty remarkable how clean this thing is .
Late in the day , the room remains spotless , and the only odour is that of cleaning agents .
But , perhaps even better than the high level of sanitation is the ambient music that plays as you do your business .
Not your standard - fare elevator music , it sounds a little bit like Air during their 10,000 hz Legend phase .
At first I had difficulty putting my finger on the general " feel " of the washroom , but as the music was interrupted by a robotic voice doling out instructions , I had my epiphany .
This is the future .
Or , more accurately , this is what the creators ( and buyers ) of the toilet believe the future should be .
Like some of Astral Media 's other street furniture , this washroom is so 2025 .
Complete with a Star Trek - like door , full automation , a minimalist design and a general sense of order and cleanliness , upon entry into this washroom , I can't help but feel as though I 'm in a time warp .
And like most examples of futurism , things look great right now .
Aside from the fact that the door takes what seems to be forever to close ( not so good if you 're in a rush ) and the fact that the seat is a bit cold , this project offers everything you could ever want in a public washroom .
But who knows how things will play out over time ?
Will these washrooms become a haven for drug-users and the homeless ?
It 's happened in other cities .
While the door will open after the first twenty minutes inside , that does n't mean the occupant is forced to leave the confines of what is , if one is living on the street , a pretty inviting place to sleep .
Perhaps there are alarms bells or something .
But I get ahead of myself .
I should have researched that .
I want to be a good journalist .
And speculation can be the death of the well - intended reporter .
So , I 'll stop here -- but offer the promise that I 'll be sure to check back in on this toilet after it 's been in use for a while .
Perhaps I 'll even devote a weekly column to it ...
Editor 's note : there were almost no puns used in the writing of this article .
Republicans do n’t seem to want a little thing like the destruction of the Gulf of Mexico to interfere with the profits of the corporations that own them .
Haley Barbour is a prime example :
As dumb as Haley Barbour ’s oil spill denialism sounded , and as silly as Fox ’s Bill Hemmer looked when he defended Barbour , the Barbour ’s stupidest comments came when he joined Bobby Jindal in demanding an expansion of dangerous deepwater drilling .
Let ’s take your points one - by - one , Haley : " In the last 50 years , the four states that allow offshore drilling on the gulf , Mississippi , Louisiana , Texas and Alabama — more than 30,000 wells have been drilled in the Gulf of Mexico .
This is the first time in that more than 30,000 we have ever had anything like this happen . "
Um , Haley , you ’re looking at the biggest environmental disaster in American history .
If you want to base your argument on the offshore drilling industry ’s safety track record , you ca n’t just brush it to the side — especially when we ’re now pushing new frontiers .
" These big oil rigs — by the way , B.P. and Transocean are not even American companies . "
So you think that we should trust foreign companies to mine our natural resources ?
" In six months , these oil rigs are n’t going to be sitting around the gulf waiting .
They ’re going to be in west Africa . "
Trust me , if there ’s oil in the Gulf , and we can drill it safely , we ’ll have no problem finding somebody willing to do the work .
Maybe even a domestic company .
" About 30 percent of America ’s production of oil and gas coming out of the Gulf of Mexico . "
Actually , 8 % of America ’s daily liquid fuel production comes from the Gulf ( and 10 % of crude oil ) , and none of that will be impacted by the moratorium , which applies to new drilling , not existing production sites .
" And the loss of production that we ’re going to suffer will make us even more dependent on the Middle East , on Venezuela , on people that are n’t our friends . "
See # 4 , and then answer this : why , Haley , are you opposed to a massive national effort to develop alternative sources of energy that we can produce domestically ?
" And let me tell you one other little thing environmentalists ought to think about .
Of the 10 worst oil spills in American history , seven of them were from ships . "
I have n’t fact - checked that , but even it ’s true , the largest spill — by far — was from deepwater exploration .
You ca n’t simply ignore that . …
Inserted from < Daily Kos >
As I considered the problem yesterday , afternoon , I had a 💡 moment .
I suddenly realized that I have been inaccurately thinking of the GOP Gusher in two dimensions .
The sane view is to respond to it as a three dimensional problem .
Last night I saw two segments that endorse that view .
The first is from Rachel Maddow with Dr. Samantha Joye .
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
The second is from Keith Olbermann with Philippe Cousteau .
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
As sad as it is , I accept that the technology to prevent the damage we can see on the surface will ideally capture 20 % of the surface oil .
And that ’s just the tip of the iceberg .
Here ’s where the abortion issue stands : Conservative religious right MPs appear flush with recent successes , pro-choice groups are frightened and there is a growing consensus Ottawa is moving inexorably towards a vote on abortion law .
Sooner or later .
If a new law were to be created , it would be the first time since abortion was decriminalized in 1969 and all legislation removed in 1988 .
“ Is ( a vote ) inevitable ?
I would say yes , ” says Mississauga South ’s Paul Szabo , among a handful of anti-abortion Liberal MPs in a sea of Conservatives .
A veteran member of the secretive Parliamentary Pro-Life Caucus , Szabo joined a crowd estimated at up to 15,000 campaigners at Thursday ’s “ March of Life ” on Parliament Hill .
“ We will be back to reconsidering the question in the House . . .
We ’re taking incremental steps , small steps .
It ’s just a question of knowing when it ’s the right time . ”
Pro-choice advocate Joyce Arthur sees the Harper government ’s decision to focus on maternal and child health - excluding abortion – at next month ’s G8 summit as the “ first serious thing they ’ve done . ”
Repercussions include the International Planned Parenthood Federation remaining without its annual funding six months into the year , and appearing to be cut off from government money .
“ The next step is to do it to us here in Canada , ” Arthur warns .
Women ’s groups perceive the parliamentary religious right as stronger , more comfortable and cockier than when Prime Minister Stephen Harper formed his first minority more than four years ago .
Analysis by Arthur ’s group , the Abortion Rights Coalition of Canada , estimates roughly 40 per cent of the country ’s 308 MPs oppose abortion , but that number rises to almost 70 per cent within the Conservative caucus .
Their table can be found at www.arcc-cdac.ca/action/list-antichoice-mps-nov08.html.
The percentage has changed little in recent years ; however the mood is different in the House .
“ They ’re starting to sow their political oats , ” says New Democrat MP Peter Stoffer .
“ They ’ve taken a page from the U.S. Republican ( playbook ) and realize they have political clout . ”
Some see religious right MPs as a tight coalition with no real leader .
Several members - Winnipeg ’s Rod Bruinooge , who chairs the pro-life caucus ; Kitchener ’s Harold Albrecht ; Saskatoon ’s Maurice Vellacott , and ; Hamilton ’s David Sweet , former president of the men ’s evangelical group , .
Promise Keepers Canada - declined to be interviewed by the Toronto Star .
However , Saskatchewan Conservative backbencher Brad Trost , who turns 36 Saturday , appears to be punching well above his weight .
He blew the whistle last year on $ 400,000 in federal funding from the stimulus fund for Toronto ’s Pride Week and helped power the lobby that resulted in what was seen as a demotion for the junior minister responsible , Diane Ablonczy .
Trost rails against abortion .
Last fall , he initiated a petition , signed by 30 MPs , to demand the Canadian International Development Agency end $ 18 million in annual funding for worldwide programs for Planned Parenthood .
Mission apparently accomplished .
Trost declined an interview .
His assistant said the petition is last - year ’s news .
But she stressed : “ He said he ’s just supporting his Prime Minister on the issue . ”
Does that mean the decision on the CIDA cuts came directly from the PM ?
That ’s unclear and part of the problem , according to critics who say there ’s a hidden agenda .
It ’s significant Harper staffed his PMO with social conservatives , including the high - ranking Darrel Reid , a founding member of Focus on the Family , an offshoot of a U.S. evangelical group .
But the PM ’s public stance on abortion is that he does n’t want to re-open the issue .
“ He says he does n’t want to legislate , but I think that ’s just doublespeak , ” says Arthur .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Anita Neville , Winnipeg MP and Liberal women ’s critic , says “ everything is through the back door .
Moreover , she says “ discussions around the G8 have galvanized debate .
I was on the Hill ( for Thursday ’s anti-abortion protest ) . . . and it ’s clear they ’re becoming emboldened . ”
According to Katherine McDonald , executive director of the Action Centre for Population and Development : “ My voice mail box is jammed with individual women phoning to ask what they should do .
. .
Of course , we ’re going to be next .
We know that . ”
Nova Scotia New Democrat Megan Leslie , a pro-choice MP and her party ’s health critic , says individual actions taken by government – such as the cut to Pride Week – might be explained .
“ But it ’s a pattern of events that points to an ideology taking Canadians in a particular direction . ”
Such events include :
• Private members ’ bills to introduce restrictions on abortion .
A motion to make it a double crime to kill a pregnant woman failed , but it put the debate over the status of the fetus back in the spotlight .
Moreover , Bruinooge recently introduced a bill to protect women against being intimidated into having abortions .
• The religious right claims victory for the failure of the Liberal party in March to get through its own motion - in support of maternal and child health that includes abortion - even with NDP and Bloc Québécois support .
The bill , introduced by Toronto Centre ’s Bob Rae , says : “ The Canadian government should refrain from advancing the far right - wing ideologies previously imposed by the George W. Bush Administration in the United States . ”
• Even a campaign that failed , such as the 2008 lobby against the Order of Canada award for abortion pioneer Dr. Henry Morgentaler , was seen as a messaging opportunity .
“ Morgentaler does not deserve the Order of Canada , ” Trost told the online , Lifesitenews.com , calling his actions , “ reprehensible . ”
• Carolyn Egan , from the Ontario Coalition for Abortion Clinics , reports increased harassment of women at their sites .
“ We believe the Conservative government policies have emboldened and given confidence to the anti-abortion element and it ’s extremely unnerving . ”
Liberal MP
Szabo says it could take a generation for a vote on abortion in the House .
Meanwhile , the anti-abortion caucus continues to work for that day , with monthly meetings over dinner on Parliament Hill .
They fly so far under the radar it ’s not clear how they divvy up the cost of their researcher from their parliamentary budgets or even who they count as members .
According to Szabo , “ It ’s under a hundred . ”
HP 54600B Oscilloscope Easter Egg - Tetris on Your Oscilloscope !
# 1 Power on the scope
# 2 Press the buttom " Print / Utility " once
# 3 Hold " function bottom " ( the 6 buttoms beneath the display ) 2 and 3 down at the same time , for half a second
Now your ready to play a game of Tetris !
Important :
If you wait to long between pressing " Print / Utility " and holding the functions buttoms down nothing will happen , so be quick !
Have fun :)
User Rating : 7.8 7.8/10 with 87 votes Contributed By : Svenne on 05-15-2003 Reviewed By : Webmaster
Special Requirements :
Please correct this Egg if you see errors .
Pictures and Videos
Tetris on a HP 54600B DSO Tetris on a HP 54600B DSO
Comments
A HP 54600B OscilloscopeDo you have another one ?
Send us a picture or video of this Egg !
Boy 's eyesight saved after he is prescribed daily dose of Nintendo Super Mario game
A six - year - old boy who nearly went blind in one eye can now see again after he was told to play on a Nintendo games console .
Ben Michaels suffered from amblyopia , or severe lazy eye syndrome in his right eye from the age of four .
His vision had decreased gradually in one eye and without treatment his sight loss could have become permanent .
Ben , 6 , played on a Nintendo DS console for two hours a day while wearing an eye patch .
The treatment helped his lazy eye
His GP referred him to consultant Ken Nischal who prescribed the unusual daily therapy .
Ben , from Billericay , Essex , spends two hours a day playing Mario Kart on a Nintendo DS with his twin Jake .
Ben wears a patch over his good eye to make his lazy one work harder .
The twins ' mother , Maxine , 36 , said that from being ' nearly blind ' in the eye , Ben 's vision had ' improved 250 per cent ' in the first week .
She said : ' When he started he could not identify our faces with his weak eye .
Now he can read with it although he is still a way off where he ought to be .
' He was very cooperative with the patch , it had phenomenal effect and we ’re very pleased . '
Mr Nischal of Great Ormond Street Children 's Hospital , said the therapy helped children with weak eyesight because computer games encourage repetitive eye movement , which trains the eye to focus correctly .
' A games console is something children can relate to .
It allows us to deliver treatment quicker , ' he said .
' What we do n’t know is whether improvement is solely because of improved compliance , ie the child sticks with the patch more , or whether there is a physiological improvement from perceptual visual learning . '
The consultant added that thousands of youngsters and adults could benefit from a similar treatment .
WASHINGTON — President Obama , the Pentagon and leading lawmakers reached agreement Monday on legislative language and a time frame for repealing the military ’s “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy , clearing the way for Congress to take up the measure as soon as this week .
It was not clear whether the deal had secured the votes necessary to pass the House and Senate , but the agreement removed the Pentagon ’s objections to having Congress vote quickly on repealing the contentious 17 - year - old policy , which bars gay men and lesbians from serving openly in the armed services .
House Democratic leaders were meeting Monday night and considering taking up the measure as soon as Thursday .
But even if the measure passes , the policy cannot not change until after Dec. 1 , when the Pentagon completes a review of its readiness to deal with the changes .
Mr. Obama , his defense secretary and the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff would also be required to certify that repeal would not harm readiness .
The measure could enable gay men and lesbians to serve openly in the military for the first time , ending a policy that Mr. Obama , Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates and Adm .
Mike Mullen , the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , all say they oppose .
Unlike most fund managers , who allocate a small percentage of the portfolios they manage to gold , billionaire commodities magnate and Tigris Financial Group head Thomas Kaplan reportedly has gone all in on gold .
" I 've reached a point where I feel the only asset I have confidence in is gold , " Kaplan says .
Reflecting his conviction that global economic instability could bring rising demand for gold , Kaplan has gone further than perhaps any other major investor , betting the majority of his wealth on gold and other precious metals .
" You 've got a perfect storm with no apparent solution , " he told The Wall Street Journal .
" If the world does well , gold will be fine .
If the world does n't do well , gold will also do fine … but a lot of other things could collapse . "
Though he wo n't disclose how much physical gold he owns , Kaplan , controls up to 30 percent of the shares in some so - called junior miners .
Together , his holdings amount to a nearly $ 2 billion bet on gold , more than the Brazilian central bank 's bullion is currently worth .
Tigris subsidiaries have taken stakes in mining companies , including tiny firms that have yet to produce an ounce .
Kaplan has not only loaded up on bullion but bought up properties in 17 countries on five continents where geologists are searching for gold .
However , if investors want to stock up on gold in a hurry , Kaplan notes , it will be hard to produce enough gold to satisfy demand .
Gold hit an exchange record of $ 1,242.70 a troy ounce at the Comex division of the New York Mercantile Exchange on May 12 , but the price settled under $ 1,180 Friday as investors opted for cash amid global uncertainty , options expiration and a struggling equity market , thestreet.com reports .
© 2020 Newsmax Finance .
All rights reserved .
BAGRAM , Afghanistan ( Reuters ) - Better known for defusing bombs in Iraq in the Oscar - winning film “ The Hurt Locker , ” actor Jeremy Renner braved a live minefield in Afghanistan on Sunday to draw attention to the tireless work of clearing mines that kill and maim years after being buried .
Actor Jeremy Renner poses for a portrait in New York after being nominated in the Best Actor category for his role in the film " The Hurt Locker " for the 82nd Academy Awards February 2 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
Despite years of effort to dig up mines planted during decades of civil war and Soviet occupation , more than 650 square kilometers ( 250 sq mile ) of Afghan territory are still considered active minefields .
While 2009 saw a significant drop in numbers , thousands of Afghans have been killed or injured by mines or explosive war remnants over the past 30 years with many losing limbs or suffering serious scarring .
To emphasize the scale of the problem , 39 - year - old Renner teamed up with the United Nations in Afghanistan this week , visiting an Afghan de-mining team north of the capital Kabul .
“ It ’s tremendous , ” he told Reuters during his visit to a minefield in Bagram , about 100 km ( 60 miles ) north of Kabul .
“ Seeing the guys firsthand is a wonderful gift for me , ” he said .
“ I do n’t think there are many guys in my position -- I ’m just a silly actor -- that get an opportunity to come out to Afghanistan at a time of war and get to experience this . ”
“ The Hurt Locker , ” which picked up six Oscars including best picture last year , follows an elite band of soldiers who disarm roadside bombs on the streets of Iraq .
At the center is Renner ’s character , Staff Sergeant William James , a reckless rebel .
In one scene , he strips off his protective gear before strolling up to defuse a roadside bomb , despite protests by his fellow soldiers .
PRIDE
On Sunday , Renner played it safe , donning a Kevlar suit and protective mask before venturing onto the minefield .
Abdul Latif , a bearded veteran who has worked as a de-miner for 16 years , waved his metal detector slowly across the ground , demonstrating the task to Renner .
Renner asked through an interpreter whether he gets a sense of pride from the job .
“ I do it because I love my country , ” the Afghan replied .
Renner said he had decided to visit Afghanistan because he wanted to see the tangible work being done .
“ The possibilities are what I ’m so attracted to here .
The possibilities are endless for the communities and I think they deserve it , ” he said .
While a lot of progress has been made , the U.N. mine clearance center ( UNMACCA ) which oversees all mine clearance programmes in Afghanistan says there are more than 2,000 communities still affected by landmines .
Between January and May this year , more than 11,000 anti-personnel mines more than 380,000 other explosive remnants were cleared , UNMACCA said .
Under an international treaty , all anti-personnel mines in Afghanistan are to be cleared by 2013 .
On top of Afghanistan ’s problem of landmines are the thousands of improvised explosive devices ( IED ) , or homemade bombs , now being laid by insurgents .
In a report on Afghanistan this month , U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said there had been an “ alarming ” 94 percent rise in the number of IED incidents in the first four months of this year compared to the same period in 2009 .
Absent immediate action , the group predicts publicly held debt will spiral out of control .
Domenici said the key to reducing the red ink is raising public awareness about dire consequences the country faces if nothing is done soon .
When Playboy offered Oliva
Munn the chance to pose nude on the cover of the magazine , she declined .
When Playboy offered Munn the chance to pose clothed on the cover of the magazine , she accepted .
But once Munn got to the set , Playboy ‘s photographer , stylist , and team of handlers staged a day - long attempt to coerce Munn into taking it all off anyway .
Munn details the event in her book Suck It , Wonder Woman ! : The Misadventures of a Hollywood Geek .
After signing a comprehensive contract specifying which specific areas of Munn were on - limits and off for the photographer — - side boob and underboob , yes ; nipple , butt crack and vagina no —-Munn describes all the ways Playboy attempted to convince her to show what she did n’t want to show .
Munn presents this as a lighthearted story , but it ’s actually a pretty frightening account of how manipulators attempt to coerce their targets into consent :
STAGE 1 : Control .
Prior to the shoot , Munn requests her “ normal glam team — - makeup artist , hair stylist and wardrobe stylist , ” but the Playboy photographer insisting on using his own stylist for the shoot .
The photographer “ was really pushing his stylist on me , ” Munn writes .
STAGE 2 : Denial .
Once Munn meets the stylist , a “ tall , heavyset , bald man from Scandinavia with a very heavy accent , ” the attire was “ nothing like we discussed . ”
He “ quite horrifyingly ” offers up “ a black , fishnet , one - piece bathing suit where you can see everything going on ” for Munn to wear .
On top , the stylist explains , “ you would be wearing nothing under here and then your boobs just hang right over ze pink part . ”
Writes Munn : “ Here we are , contracts decided , conversations spanning weeks about this day , and everyone has a different agenda . ”
STAGE 3 : Social pressure .
When Munn insisted that this was a “ non-nude shoot , ” the stylist told her that in Playboy , “ you show everything ! ”
Munn says she felt “ woozy ” explaining her contract and “ tried to understand what the hell was happening . ”
The stylist then told her that the photographer “ says all nude today for Playboy .
It ’s Playboy ! ”
STAGE 4 : Appeal to her sense of trust .
After Munn calls her publicist to come advocate for her on the set , the photographer offers this compromise : “ Oh , yeah , you ’ll be nude but we ’ll just Photoshop everything out . ”
STAGE 5 : “ Accidental ” exposure .
The photographer continues to insist on poses that are n’t in Munn ’s contract : “ The photographer is n’t doing much to help ease the tension .
He wants me to pose nude , while strategically placing my arms and legs ; my publicist of course does n’t .
He wants to do a shower scene nude with strategically placed bubbles and steam on the glass ; my publicist of course does n’t .
It ’s exhausting .
All the while I ’m trying to pose flirty , fun , summery with about five dudes — - strangers working the set — - watching my every move .
One of the shots has me without a top and my long , thick hair covering my breasts .
The whole time I ’m worried about the wind blowing , exposing a nipple , the filthy five and the photographer snapping away because that ’s the shot he wants . ”
( Playboy ended up publishing shots of Munn with only her hair or limbs covering her breasts ) .
* STAGE 6 : Downplaying her concerns .
The photographer and stylist “ insist they ’ve shot more revealing stuff for Esquire and GQ . ”
* STAGE 6 : Silencing .
Munn feels “ afraid to speak up and yell at everyone because it would ruin the shoot , ” she writes .
“ I ’m the one who sets the tone and energy on the shoot .
If I show everyone I ’m upset , the shoot will spiral downward faster than it already has . ”
* STAGE 7 : Anger .
Late in the shoot , the stylist throws a fit .
“ I am a great stylist , ” he announced .
“ And this is not all about Olivia okay ?
It iz about me , too !
I have my own motivations with this shoot and I ’m going to get what I want out of it !
Zis iz Playboy !!!
She haz to be naked ! ”
* STAGE 8 : Condescension .
The stylist indignantly informs
Munn ’s publicist that she could pick out the panties , if she thinks she knows so much .
* STAGE 8 : Abandonment .
The stylist storms out .
Munn finishes the shoot , writing that she had “ managed to bury my feelings deep , deep inside ” .
After the shoot , she says , “ I wanted to break down crying . ”
When she woke up the next day , she got an email from the photographer telling her they did n’t get an adequate cover shot , and they needed her to come in again the following week .
North Korea will hold a ruling Workers ’
Party convention in September to choose a new leadership , state media said on Saturday , as leader Kim Jong - il seeks to pave the way for his youngest son to succeed him .
Kim suffered a stroke in 2008 and his son Jong - un is widely believed to be his favoured choice as the dynastic state ’s next leader .
“ The Political Bureau of the WPK Central Committee decides to convene early in September … a conference of the WPK for electing its highest leading body reflecting the new requirements of the WPK , ” the North ’s official KCNA news agency reported .
The Workers ’ Party of Korea ( WPK ) is the ruling body of the reclusive state and Kim Jong - il serves as the general secretary , besides his official role as the chairperson of the increasingly powerful National Defence Commission .
Analysts said the role of the Workers ’ Party has diminished over the past decades as the North put increasing focus on its military power , but the party ’s ideology dictates political legitimacy of its leadership .
Kim ( 68 ) has also reshuffled the Defence Commission to put close aides sympathetic to dynastic succession on the panel .
At the same time , Pyongyang is under intense diplomatic pressure to concede responsibility in the sinking of a South Korean navy ship in March that killed 46 sailors and drove security tensions on the Korean peninsula to new heights .
Grooming a new leader
Jong - un has been tipped as the most likely successor to his father , but he has little experience and is believed to be only in his 20s .
But South Korea ’s spy chief has been quoted as telling a closed - door session of a parliamentary committee this week that a campaign to boost his image has been ongoing behind the scenes due to concerns in Pyongyang about Kim ’s poor health .
Kim himself began his official role to succeed his father and state founder by taking on a Workers Party title at a convention in 1980 when he was 38 .
Becoming a standing member of the Political Bureau that year was widely believed to be the first step in establishing himself as an heir to Kim Il - sung , who died suddenly in the summer of 1994 .
North Korea ’s crumbling economy is presumed to have shrunk again last year because of pool harvests and UN sanctions imposed for its nuclear test that all but cut off what was once a lucrative source of hard cash by dealing in arms .
It faces further censure by the Security Council for the sinking of the South Korean navy ship .
South Korea and the United States have been pushing for a strong measure of condemnation and possibly more sanctions .
– Reuters
BP considered suspending payments to shareholders and placing $ 1.7 billion in expected second - quarter dividends in an escrow account as estimates of the amount of oil leaking from a collapsed rig doubled to around 40,000 barrels a day .
Advertising Read more
AFP - BP mulled Friday whether to suspend dividend payments to shareholders due to the Gulf of Mexico oil spill , which US experts have estimated is twice as big as previously thought .
" We are considering all options on the dividend .
But no decision has been made , " the British energy giant 's under fire CEO Tony Hayward said in an interview with The Wall Street Journal .
The newspaper said BP 's board may consider cutting or deferring its second - quarter dividend -- due to be announced on July 27 -- or even issuing dividend payments as scrip , effectively a means of delaying payment .
The Times of London reported the company was preparing to place the second - quarter dividend money -- an expected 1.7 billion dollars -- in an escrow account until the spill is brought under control , in an attempt to ease political pressure on the firm .
Meanwhile , the Coast Guard admiral heading the US response to the nation 's worst ever environmental catastrophe said BP was working to double the amount of oil it could recover from a containment system placed over the leaking well .
Thad Allen told journalists he was reviewing plans from BP to build the system 's capacity so it can collect 40,000 to 50,000 barrels of oil a day by July once a more permanent cap has been placed over the well .
Allen said the current capacity is 28,000 barrels per day but that new processing ships and shuttle tankers were being brought in .
" They 're incrementally building it out , " Allen said .
" We will shift to a hard cap that will allow us to capture more . "
A permanent solution will not come before the first of two relief wells is completed , in August at the earliest , allowing the leak to be plugged with cement .
New data Thursday suggested the oil 's flow -- before the containment system was put in place last week -- was between 25,000 and 30,000 barrels a day and could be upwards of 40,000 barrels a day -- or some 1.68 million gallons .
Asked whether the cut - and - cap operation to attach the containment device to the leaking pipe could have increased the flow , Allen said it was not yet possible to get exact figures .
" We want to put some sensors down there and get pressure readings ... that can validate what is coming out of the riser pipe . "
The flow announcement piled further pressure on BP , whose liability is directly linked to the amount of oil gushing into the sea .
Top US lawmaker Nancy Pelosi urged BP not to pay dividends and echoed recent comments from President Barack Obama , who has called on the firm not to short - change residents and businesses affected by the disaster .
" I 'm saying that they should not be paying dividends until they make these people whole , and make a better effort to do it in a timely fashion , " the Democratic House Speaker told reporters .
Amid fears of an anti-British backlash in the United States over the spill , British Prime Minister David Cameron will discuss BP 's handling of crisis with Obama over the weekend .
Investors worry Obama intends to exact a heavy price from the British energy giant as its potential liability soars .
BP 's share price has fallen more than 40 percent -- wiping tens of billions of dollars off its market value -- since the Deepwater Horizon rig sank on April 22 , two days after a deadly explosion .
Allen has summoned BP chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg and other company officials to a White House meeting next Wednesday .
There was no word on whether Hayward would participate .
Cameron held talks Friday with Svanberg and threw his support behind a " financially strong " BP while voicing frustration over the Gulf of Mexico oil spill , his office said .
Obama , who heads to the Gulf next week for his fourth visit since the disaster , met Thursday at the White House with relatives of the 11 workers killed when the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded .
Earlier this week , US Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said the company 's liability should include reimbursing all companies hit by a six - month moratorium on deep sea drilling .
US government officials said BP had agreed to speed up payouts to individuals and businesses affected by the spill following a meeting Wednesday with Allen .
Daily newsletterReceive essential international news every morning Subscribe
Breaking oneself down to re create oneself .
Bill Cleg ’s journey …
For a while in the early 2000 ’s Bill Clegg was the hottest literary agent in NYC .
He had a motley of highly prized writers that he represented , a burgeoning literary agency ( Burnes & Clegg ) , and a fairly glamorous lifestyle .
Except his glamorous lifestyle suddenly went off the deep end , where it was n’t just glamorous anymore but an expressway to hard core drug addiction , Brazilian male prostitutes and plush boutique hotel rooms which he turned to mini crack dens .
The type of adventures one would perhaps expect or appreciate a writer capable of having , but not necessarily a book agent .
5 years later on , after having gone through his entire savings , losing his business and watching all his writers migrate elsewhere , and some serious rehabilitation Mr Clegg is now once again calling the shots .
The NY Times reports …
BILL CLEGG , literary agent and recovering crack user , is pacing the lobby of the Gansevoort Hotel , a BlackBerry glued to his ear .
He takes a seat in the hotel ’s sunny rooftop bar and surveys the crowd .
“ This is the first time I ’ve been back , ” he says , referring to the dark and rather sordid episode when he checked in under a fake name and binged on crack cocaine , male escorts and room - service vodka for nearly three weeks .
Which of course is just the way we like our heroes .
For Mr Clegg , has somehow managed to come clean with himself , document all the torrid experiences he had and manage to eke out a $ 350 000 advance - which leads us to think , not bad work if you can get it .
But now it ’s a memoir .
After being on this side of book publishing as the boyishly charming agent for big - name writers like Nicole Krauss and the poet Anne Carson , Mr. Clegg took a less scandalous plunge into self - absorption to write a tell - all book , “ Portrait of an Addict as a Young Man . ”
Set to be published next month by Little , Brown .
Which makes this author wonder if he should ride a hell blaze memoir about his adventures , even if they do n’t necessarily involve Brazilian prostitutes ( hint - they still involve prostitutes … ) .
There ’s the first time he tried crack .
( “ The taste is like medicine , or cleaning fluid , but also a little sweet , like limes . ” )
The tryst with a taxi driver behind a 7 - Eleven in Newark .
( “ What I want is the blurry oblivion of body - crashing sex . ” )
Or the time that his boyfriend , a downtown filmmaker who goes by the pseudonym
Noah in the book , watches as Mr. Clegg smokes crack and has sex in a hotel room with a $ 400 - an - hour Brazilian prostitute named Carlos .
( “ Shame , pleasure , care , and approval collide and the worst of the worst no longer seems so bad . ” )
The type of summer time reading his publisher Little and Brown are betting you are going to gorge yourself over …
But as quickly as he rose , his downfall would verge on suicidal .
In early 2005 , after a fitful spasm of vodka , a crack dealer named Happy and an emptied bottle of sleeping pills , his life imploded .
The literary agency dissolved .
Rival agents swooped in and snatched his writers .
And the boyfriend of eight years was gone and , with him , the Fifth Avenue party pad .
But somehow despite the odds , the self hate and descent Mr Clegg has paradoxically taken on the journey usually reserved for the clients he represents to prove there is a reason why he is one of the most well sought after agents - because simply he can go off the deep end like many accomplished writers and somehow redeem himself and become one of the pack as well .
Bravo Mr Clegg , we look forward to a very interesting summer read indeed …
Source : The NY Times .
Observations of a Crack House .
Ten give away clues that your new room mate is a junkie .
THERE IS NO PARADOX OF DESIRE IN BUDDHISM
By Wayne Alt
Buddha taught that everyone encounters suffering and disappointment .
He also taught that these dissatisfactions have causes and that they will be eliminated if their causes are .
Although he recognized that a number of different factors combine to cause dissatisfaction , he singled out desire as the principal cause .
Some critics of Buddhism have found it difficult to accept the Buddha 's prescription .
They point out that to eliminate desire one must desire to do so ; they then argue that this is somehow paradoxical , and conclude that Buddha 's prescription cannot be followed .
Two recent formulations of this criticism have appeared in this journal .
John Visvader and A. L. Herman both agree that desire can be eliminated only by the desire to do so .
(1) This seems paradoxical to them since to get rid of one 's desires one must begin by adding to them .
But since desire causes suffering , by attempting to eliminate desire , one simply adds to one 's suffering .
Was the Buddha 's prescription therefore misleading ?
Is suffering , after all , unavoidable ?
In places , Visvader suggests that it is , though he nowhere argues the point .
Herman , on the other hand , presents an argument which is designed to show that desire can never be eliminated .
Neither Visvader nor Herman marshal any considerations that would establish this strong conclusion .
If it is true that human desire can never be eliminated , this must be established in ways other than those proposed by Visvader and Herman .
I. UROBORIC INFELICITIES
Visvader compares the Gnostic serpent , Uroboros , coiled in a circle swallowing its tail , to certain therapeutic philosophies , which , because they take a skeptical stance against philosophy , are in danger , like Uroboros , of consuming themselves .
It would be paradoxical to suppose that Uroboros can swallow himself .
But his attempt to do so apparently has interesting consequences : for Uroboros is also shown transforming himself into a salamander .
To Visvader , this imagery suggests parallel transformations brought about by certain therapeutic philosophies .
He tries to show that it is through the use of certain " uroboric " paradoxes that these philosophies not only put an end to themselves , but in doing so they raise the student who has encountered them to transcendent levels of understanding :
These philosophies that I wish to explore to a small degree do more , however , than merely refute themselves .
They seem to transcend themselves in a profound way and leave the student in a place he was not in before .
Philosophy is used as a means for putting an end to itself in a nontrivial way .
(2)
Visvader construes the word " paradox " broadly .
In the full sense of the word , a paradox is a statement that is true just in case it is false .
He cites a Wayne Alt is Assistant Professor at Soochow sUniversity , Taipei , Taiwan .
Philosophy East and West 30 , no.
4 ( October , 1980 ) , by The University Press of Hawaii , all rights reserved modern - day version of the liar 's paradox , '' This sentence is false , " as an example of a paradox in this full sense .
In addition to this full sense he also recognizes two versions of a limited sense .
On the one hand , some statements are paradoxical because they are self - refuting .
For example , if I tell you that everything I say is false , my statement will be true only if it is false .
On the other hand , some imperatives are paradoxes because they condemn themselves .
For example , if I advise you not to take advice from anyone , you should begin by ignoring what I say .
The advice to take advice from no one is infelicitous because it extends to itself .
Not all infelicitous instructions involve problems of self - reference , however .
Some , according to Visvader , are infelicitous because they " cannot be done intentionally .
"
( 3 ) He thinks that examples of this kind of paradox are met with in both Taoism and Buddhism , and that some schools of Buddhism actually make use of them to raise devotees to new levels of understanding and practice .
As a basis for considering the use of paradox in Buddhism , Visvader postulates what he calls " the intention paradox . "
Unfortunately , his treatment of this alleged paradox is marred by a number of errors , which once exposed , cast doubt on his remarks about Buddhism .
If someone tells you to raise your hand without intending to , what should you do ?
Visvader says : " Raise your hand without intending to , " unlike " Neither raise your hand nor not raise it , " is not a contradictory instruction , though it places us in grave difficulties if we try to carry it out .
( 4 )
But it is a mistake to suppose that " Raise your hand without intending to " is not a self - contradictory instruction .
For I can raise my hand only if I intend to .
Of course , my hand might be raised even if I do n't intend it to if you raise it , for example .
But in that case I have not raised it .
To tell someone to raise his hand without intending to is like telling him to speak without using his voice .
The former cannot be accomplished without the latter .
Hence , by instructing me to raise my hand , you require that I intend to raise it .
But this contradicts your requirement that I not intend to raise it .
Your instruction , in other words , is self - contradictory .
Because of his failure to recognize its self - contradictory nature , Visvader is misled to a muddled explanation of the way in which " Raise your hand without intending to " is infelicitous .
He says :
To raise my hand in attempting to obey the instruction I must intend to do so , yet if I do it with intentionality , I will not be obeying the instruction .
( 5 )
But the plausibility of this explanation trades on an ambiguity of the word " it " in the phrase " if I do it with intentionality . "
The phrase may be interpreted as :
1. " if I do ( raise my hand ) with intentionality " as
2. " if I do ( attempt to obey the instruction ) with intentionality "
Interpreted in the latter way there is no problem .
For in attempting to obey the instruction I might do many intentional things , such as discuss the instruction with others , ask that it be repeated , and so on .
By doing these things , however , I do not thereby disobey the instruction .
But , of course , as soon as I raise my hand I do disobey it , for I can raise it only if I intend to .
Hence , raising my hand cannot be counted , as Visvader 's words suggest , among the things that I do " in attempting to obey the instruction . "
It is important to realize this , for then one sees that the instruction is simply absurd , and that the best course of action is to ignore it completely .
II .
" GIVE UP DESIRES "
Visvader is especially interested in an instruction which he says occupies an honored place in Buddhism as well as some other religions .
He formulates this instruction as the imperative " Give up desires , " and claims :
The statement " Give up desires " raises difficulties of a similar kind as does the intention paradox of " Raise your hand without intending to " ( or the instruction of the Zen school to act from no - mind ) .
( 6 )
In the last section it was shown that Visvader not only fails to recognize that " Raise your hand without intending to " is a contradictory instruction , he mistakenly thinks that it is infelicitous because one who tries to obey it thereby disobeys it .
In the present section it will be shown that Visvader fails to show that " Give up desires " is infelicitous .
By comparing it to the so - called intention paradox , Visvader suggests that " Give up desires " is infelicitous because one who tries to obey it thereby disobeys it .
He says :
I cannot begin or even try to give up all desires unless I first have the desire to do so , and if I take the statement seriously I should give up that desire as well .
So even if it was clear what was meant by giving up desires , I must begin by adding to them .
( 7 )
It must be admitted that to obey the instruction " Give up desires " I must begin by adding to my desires .
But even if I add to my desires the desire to give them up , I do not thereby disobey the instruction to give them up .
Insofar as such a desire is counted as just one more desire in an already overflowing inventory , there does seem to be a sense in which it is a step backward and away from the Buddhist goal of eliminating desire .
Even so , such a step is not tantamount to disobeying the instruction .
Suppose , for example , that you tell me to jump up into the air .
To carry out your instruction I must begin by bending my knees .
But even though I must begin by moving downward , a direction opposite to the one in which you want me to move , I have not thereby disobeyed your instruction .
Rather , I have simply taken the first necessary step in carrying it out .
By the same token , if you instruct me to give up desires , I must begin by moving in a direction that is opposite to the one in which you want me to move .
But I do not thereby disobey your instruction ; rather , I simply take the first step necessary in carrying it out , and there is nothing paradoxical about that .
Visvader claims that the desire to give up desires is made paradoxical by considering it in relation to the suffering it causes :
It is this desire to escape suffering that fills out the paradoxical quality of the desire to give up desires , for if I give up the desire to give up desires , I will still be locked in suffering , while if I try to give up desires , I will only add to the cause of it .
( 8 )
It must be admitted that if one does not desire to give up desires , one will continue to have them , and so , continue to suffer .
But it is roundly mistaken to think that if one does desire to give up desires , one will only add to the cause of suffering .
Only someone who realizes the extent and cause of his suffering will generate enough concern to try to get rid of his desires .
Visvader recognizes this , but seems to think that this concern must dangle forever in midair , as though it could never be anything more than a kind of ineffectual fretting that merely adds to one 's stock of desires , thereby issuing in a kind of " double suffering . "
What he fails to consider is that this initial anxious concern to be rid of one 's desires may mature and transform itself into methods of action that decrease , not add to , the causes of suffering .
For example , by forming the resolve to conform to the moral precepts enumerated by the Buddha in the eightfold path , one might initially experience self - doubt and anxiety about one 's ability to purify oneself in such ways .
In fact , such doubts just might be additional causes of suffering , especially if , as seems inevitable at first , one deviates widely from the path .
But by holding a firm resolve , one 's practice improves , and as it improves , self - doubts , as well as those desires that were initially the cause of one 's suffering , begin to melt away .
In other words , by desiring to be rid of desires , one does not only add to the cause of suffering .
This might be the case at first .
But as this desire finds expression in suitable forms of practice , one begins to suffer less , certainly less than before forming the desire .
Because Visvader fails to show that there is a paradox in Buddhism , he is left without any foundation for his claim that Buddhism has developed ways " to help students overcome this practical paradox . "
( 9 ) One way he calls " easing over , " a method in which " the paradox is ignored " and emphasis is placed on practice .
Another way he calls the " uroboric leap . "
Here the student is made to realize not only the emptiness of the self and the objects of desire , but eventually the emptiness of Buddhism , and finally the emptiness of the very concept of emptiness .
Whether " easing over " and the " uroboric leap " are typical of Buddhism is , I think , an open question .
What is clear is that where there is no problem there is no need for a solution .
As we have seen in this section however , and as we shall see in the next , it is sometimes necessary to set straight those who mistakenly think that there is a problem and who feel compelled to " solve " it .
III .
DESIRING DESIRELESSNESS
A. L. Herman claims that there is a paradox of desire in Buddhism :
If I desire to cease desiring then I have not ceased all desire after all ; I have merely replaced one species of desire by another .
The paradox of desire points to the practical contradiction or frustration involved in the desire to stop all desiring and states simply that those who desire to stop all desiring will never be successful . ( 10 )
Surely , so long as I desire to cease desiring I have at least one desire , and hence I have not ceased all desire .
But this fact is not troublesome unless it is assumed that the Buddhist goal of extinguishing desire can be achieved only by continuing to desire it .
It may be admitted that one must begin by desiring the goal , and hence that the goal cannot be achieved at the beginning .
Rather , to achieve the goal other steps must be taken , and progress toward the goal can be made by leaving behind the steps that have been taken in its direction .
One who desires to have no desires can take steps toward this goal by leaving behind some desires .
But by continuing to take steps in the direction of the goal , can one eventually leave behind all the steps ?
Why would it be para - doxical to suppose that by desiring to do so one eventually leaves behind all desires , even the desire to leave them behind ?
Herman 's attempt to answer this question begins by distinguishing three types of desire :
First , there is the most important desire , namely , the desire for desirelessness , ( " desire 1 ' " ) .
Second , there is the desire in desirelessness , namely , the desire we are trying to eliminate ( " desire 2 " ) .
Finally , there is the desire that is the result of desiring desirelessness , that is , the type of desire that the desire , for desire 2 - lessness produces ( " desire 3 " ) .
( 11 )
He then presents the following argument :
1. Desire 1 for desire 2 - lessness leads to desire 3 .
2. Desire 1 is a species of desire 2 .
3. Desire 3 is a species of desire 2 .
4 . But if desire 1 and desire 3 are merely species of desire 2 , then desire 2 - lessness is impossible .
Premises 2 through 4 entail the unstated conclusion :
C. Desire 2 - lessness is impossible .
Herman rounds off this bit of reasoning with the following assertion :
5 . Realizing the truth of 4 is tantamount to achieving nirvaa.na . ( 12 )
Let us examine Herman 's argument .
Desire 1 , says Herman , is the desire for desire 2 - lessness .
The desires which Herman calls " desire 2 " are :
The lusts , cravings , and needs of ordinary existence that lead to the suffering and misery that the Buddha spoke to so eloquently .
( 13 )
This passage appears to conflict with premise 2 .
For the desire for desire 2 - lessness hardly seems to be a lust or a craving , and it is equally questionable that it is a need .
There is a sense in which the desire to have no desires might lead to suffering and misery .
In this sense it may be admitted that desire 1 and the lusts , cravings , and needs of ordinary existence share a common characteristic .
If this characteristic is treated as a defining characteristic of " desire 2 " , then premise 2 may be granted .
But such a treatment not only seems arbitrary , it renders the definition of " desire 2 " too broad .
Premise 1 is clearly not essential to the formal validity of Herman 's argument .
It appears to function as a kind of background proposition which states the interrelationship between the three kinds of desire that he enumerates .
The trouble is that the proposition is impossibly vague .
Herman nowhere says what desire 3 is a desire for , and he fails to mention how desire 3 results from desire 1 .
The unclarity of " desire 3 " infects both premises 3 and 4 , and hence raises a question about 5 , which refers to 4 .
Perhaps Herman imagines that as a result of wanting to get rid of those desires that cause suffering one comes to want things that will help get rid of them , such as a teacher , for example .
This seems to be a natural sense in which desire , might result in other desires .
And insofar as these resultant desires are capable of causing suffering , there is some ground for granting premise 3 .
If premises 2 and 3 are granted , the antecedent of 4 must also be granted ; but 4 itself is doubtful .
For consider that even though whales and elephants are species of mammal this by no means implies that mammals cannot be eliminated .
Why then should it be thought that desire 2 cannot be eliminated because desire 1 and desire 3 are species of desire 2 ?
This would follow if it were supposed that desire 1 and desire 3 are themselves species which can not be eliminated .
In fact , just after asserting premise 4 , Herman says :
Thus the paradox of desire which [ sic ] says that it is impossible to eliminate desire 2 since it would continue to exist as either desire 1 or desire 3 . ( 14 )
Surely , if desire 1 or desire 3 continue to exist , then desire 2 would continue to exist .
Yet is there any reason to think that either desire 1 or desire 3 must continue to exist , and that they can not be eliminated just like any other desire ?
Herman does not answer this question , though in one place he says : desirelessness can never be attained , because desiring desirelessness produces desire .... ( 15 )
This passage suggests that it is ultimately desire 3 which blocks the road to desirelessness .
No doubt the desire to have no desires can produce resultant desires , such as a desire for a teacher .
Moreover , insofar as resultant desires remain unsatisfied , the desire to have no desires will continue to be frustrated .
But again , why should it be thought that resultant desires cannot be eliminated ?
Might not one eventually find a teacher , for example , or discover that he does not need a teacher , and so stop desiring to have one ?
Resultant desires , in other words , need not always block the road to desirelessness , and if satisfied might even help one attain it .
So we must turn to the only other alternative Herman provides , namely , desire 1 .
Is there any reason to think , as Herman suggests , that desire 1 , cannot be eliminated ?
Suppose I desire 1 to eliminate desire 2 .
If I satisfy desire 1 , that is , if I actually manage to eliminate desire 2 , then desire 1 will thereby be eliminated .
For the satisfaction of any desire is tantamount to its elimination .
So it appears that desire 1 , like any other desire , can be eliminated after all .
Someone might reply that desire 2 cannot be eliminated , and hence desire 1 can never be satisfied .
But it could not be argued , as Herman suggests , that desire 2 cannot be eliminated because desire 1 cannot be eliminated .
That would simply beg the question .
Hence , we are led back to the central question of this article :
Why would it be paradoxical or otherwise logically absurd to suppose that human desire can be completely eliminated ?
I have argued that neither Visvader nor Herman offer any good reasons for thinking that desiring to get rid of desire is paradoxical .
I have also shown that they fail to provide grounds for the claim that it would be impossible for someone to eliminate all of his desires .
Whether it would be possible for someone to accomplish such a feat depends , I think , on what is meant by " desire . "
Herman , for example , says that needs are desires .
If this is so , it is certain that human desire could never be eliminated ; but if one thinks of desires only as lusts or cravings , then perhaps it would be possible to get rid of them all .
In this connection other writers have spoken of attachment , thirst , selfish desire , and so on .
These are all interesting concepts and deserve consideration .
Perhaps in the future someone will attempt to clarify the concept of " desire . "
This would be an interesting philosophical project and an obvious contribution to Buddhist studies .
NOTES
1. John Visvader , " The Use of Paradox in Uroboric Philosophies , " Philosophy East and West 28 ( October , 1978 ) : 455-467 , and A. L. Herman , " A Solution to the Paradox of Desire in Buddhism , " philosophy East and West 29 ( January , 1979 ) : 91-94 .
2. Visvader , op . cit. , p. 455 .
3. Ibid. , p. 460 .
4. Ibid .
5. Ibid. , p. 461 .
6. Ibid .
7. Ibid .
8. Ibid .
9. Ibid. , p. 462 .
10 . Herman , op .
cit. , p. 91 .
11 . Ibid. , p. 92 .
12 . Ibid. , Premises 1 through 5 are found on pages 92 and 93 .
13 . Ibid. , p. 92 .
14 . Ibid. , p. 93 .
15 . Ibid .
Special By By KJ Mullins Jun 23 , 2010 in Environment Toronto - Southern Ontario and parts of Quebec and New York have just experienced a earthquake measuring at 5.0 magnitude .
The seats were rumbling at 1:41 p.m ET .
Wednesday as a mild earthquake hit Toronto and other parts of southern Ontario .
Sitting at my desk reporting I watched my computer screen doing a jig on the desk .
See the YouTube clip above for a video report of a user known as EmpireofMInd Twitter feeds say that Montreal , Ottawa and Toronto all felt the quake at the same time .
The Ottawa Globe and Mail newsroom has evacuated their offices , and City Hall was also evacuated .
Twitter feeds are stating that it was felt for 30 seconds in Markham and Thornhill .
The Ottawa Citizen Twitter
There have been some reports of power outages across Ontario and patchy phone service .
This earthquake was one of the largest quakes felt in eastern Canada for several decades .
The epicentre of the earthquake affecting Central Canada on Wednesday June 23 USGS
The mild rumbling shook the floors in my office .
There is no damage in my area .
As news comes in this will be updated .
CP24 reports a second earthquake was felt in the Ottawa - Gatineau area too .
The City of Toronto released a statement about the earthquake affecting the city , On Wednesday in the early afternoon , an earthquake struck Southern Ontario , parts of Quebec and New York state .
The earthquake 's epicenter was about 61 km ( 38 miles ) north of Ottawa near the Quebec - Ontario border .
Photo courtesy U.S. Geological Survey , National Earthquake Information Center
The epicenter is at 45.955 °N , 75.546°W .
That is 61 km from Ottawa , 58 km from Hull , Quebec , 52 km from Gatineau , Quebec and 49 km from Cumberland , Ontario .
The quake was at a 19.2 km depth .
Coincidentally , this earthquake struck on the same date ( June 23 ) as one that A 5.0 magnitude earthquake hit central Canada and several U.S. states .
The epicentre was located 61 km north of Ottawa .
Sitting at my desk reporting I watched my computer screen doing a jig on the desk .
See the YouTube clip above for a video report of a user known as EmpireofMInd taping the earthquake affecting his home in Ottawa .
Twitter feeds say that Montreal , Ottawa and Toronto all felt the quake at the same time .
The Ottawa Globe and Mail newsroom has evacuated their offices , and City Hall was also evacuated .
Twitter feeds are stating that it was felt for 30 seconds in Markham and Thornhill .
The Ottawa Citizen Twitter feed reports tremors were felt as far as Albany , NY and Flint , MI .
The New York Times says the quake was felt as far away as Vermont .
There have been some reports of power outages across Ontario and patchy phone service .
This earthquake was one of the largest quakes felt in eastern Canada for several decades .
The mild rumbling shook the floors in my office .
There is no damage in my area .
As news comes in this will be updated .
CP24 reports a second earthquake was felt in the Ottawa - Gatineau area too .
The City of Toronto released a statement about the earthquake affecting the city , writing : " The City has received no calls concerning bridge , building or other infrastructure problems .
" The epicenter is at 45.955 °N , 75.546°W .
That is 61 km from Ottawa , 58 km from Hull , Quebec , 52 km from Gatineau , Quebec and 49 km from Cumberland , Ontario .
The quake was at a 19.2 km depth .
Coincidentally , this earthquake struck on the same date ( June 23 ) as one that hit Vancouver Island on June 23 , 1946 .
The Vancouver Island quake was a 7.3 - magnitude earthquake .
More about Earthquake , Toronto , Quake More news from earthquake toronto quake
Hei , denne artikkelen er over ett år gammel og kan inneholde utdatert informasjon
Dekknavn : « Joe » Kjell Gunnar Larsen ( 53 ) har 40 000 norske ungdommer under vingene i SOS Rasisme .
Selv er han nestleder i en organisasjon som ser på vold som et nødvendig politisk virkemiddel .
||| HAUGESUND ( Dagbladet ) : - Jeg vil ikke snakke med deg , sier Kjell Gunnar Larsen ( 53 ) .
Han har nettopp forlatt SOS Rasismes kontor i Haugesund og haster nedover gata .
I SOS Rasisme er han blant annet hovedkasserer , leder av valgkomiteen , medlem av økonomiutvalget , landsstyret og ansettelsesutvalget .
Kort sagt , han er SOS Rasismes mektigste mann .
- Jeg har rett til ikke å svare på spørsmål , sier Larsen .
Kodenavn « Joe » I den ytterliggående kommunistiske organisasjonen Tjen Folket , bruker han ifølge flere kilder dekknavnet « Joe » på hemmelige e-postgrupper .
Larsen har ikke svart på Dagbladets henvendelser om dekknavnet .
Dagbladet kan i dag avdekke hvordan ytterliggående kommunister har sikret seg makta — og størsteparten av de lønnede stillingene i SOS Rasisme , som hevder å være Europas største antirasistiske ungdomsorganisasjon .
SOS Rasisme jobber for et samfunn med plass til alle , der alle har samme rettigheter , friheter og plikter .
Denne målsettingen har gjort organisasjonen svært populær blant ungdom og voksne over hele landet .
Larsen , som også er nestleder i Tjen Folket , ligger sammen med flere ansatte og tillitsvalgte , på en beinhard revolusjonær linje .
— Vi ønsker revolusjon i Norge .
Veien til frihetens rike går gjennom et demokratisk diktatur for arbeiderklassen , skriver Henrik Ormåsen , leder i Tjen Folket , i en e-post til Dagbladet .
STENGT FOR INNSYN : Bak disse plastdekkede vinduene i Haugesund styres SOS Rasisme .
Hovedkasserer Kjell Gunnar Larsen ( 53 ) er mannen alle tillitsvalgte og ansatte i organisasjonen peker på når Dagbladet stiller spørsmål om alt fra medlemsrot til valgkomiteer .
Her forlater han kontoret etter en 10 timers arbeidsdag torsdag forrige uke .
Foto : Jacques Hvistendahl / Dagbladet Vis mer
Best betalt
Ormåsen er ansatt i SOS Rasisme ved organisasjonens administrative hovedkontor i Haugesund .
Dagbladet papirutgave skriver i dag at et stort flertall blant tillitsvalgte i ungdomsorganisasjonen SOS Rasisme er ansatte , styremedlemmer eller aktive i det revolusjonære partiet Tjen Folket .
SOS Rasisme har ikke ønsket å imøtegå opplysningene om mange Tjen Folket - medlemmer i den sentrale ledelsen , men etter det Dagbladet har opplysninger om er det riktige at et stort antall av de ansatte og tillitsvalgte i SOS Rasisme er medlemmer i Tjen Folket ( se grafikk ) .
Det er heller ingen fast ansatte i Tjen Folket , etter det Dagbladet får opplyst .
Gjennom søk i databaser , dokumenter og støttesøknader kan Dagbladet i dag avsløre hvordan et stort antall medlemmer i den revolusjonære gruppen Tjen Folket , som ser på vold som et nødvendig politisk verktøy , har både høyest lønn og de største stillingene i ungdomsorganisasjonen SOS Rasisme .
En oppstilling Dagbladet har fått tilgang til , gjort for Oslo SOS Rasisme av økonomiutvalget i Haugesund , viser hvem som var ansatt ved årsskiftet 2008 — 2009 .
• Minst åtte av 20 ansatte i SOS Rasisme var tilknyttet Tjen Folket .
Medlemskap er hemmelig , så tallet kan være høyere .
• Seks av de ni ansatte som hadde 40 prosent stilling eller mer var tilknyttet Tjen Folket .
Har du informasjon ?
Ta kontakt med journalist Espen Sandli på 917 03 808/esan@dagbladet.no eller Eiliv Frich Flydal på 452 918 36/eiliv@db.no
• Minst tre av fire med de høyeste årslønningene i SOS Rasisme er styremedlemmer i Tjen Folket .
Sparket utI 2008 ble 13 personer ekskludert fra Rød Ungdom grunnet tilknytning til Tjen Folket .
Året etter hadde ti av disse sentrale verv i SOS Rasisme , landet rundt .
De 13 var for ekstreme for Rød Ungdom , bl. a. grunnet en aksjon der de malte blodflekker på Stortinget .
Larsen er selv svært sentral i ansettelsene i SOS Rasisme .
Både han og leder Thorbjørnsen nekter overfor Dagbladet å opplyse om hvor mange som er ansatt i organisasjonen .
Verken han eller andre i SOS Rasisme vil heller kommentere hvem som er medlemmer av organisasjonens ansettelsesutvalg eller valgkomité , som Larsen selv leder .
Selv har hovedkassereren en 21 prosent - stilling .
— Jeg er uføretrygdet og kan ikke ha en større stilling på grunn av lønna , sier Larsen .
Hindrer innsyn
De to mest sentrale skikkelsene i SOS Rasisme og Tjen Folket , Kjell Gunnar Larsen og Henrik Ormåsen ( 36 ) , deler til daglig kontor i Strandgaten 71 i Haugesund .
Kontoret ligger åpent ut mot et gatekryss et steinkast fra sundet mellom byen og Risøy , men vinduene og inngangsdøra er dekket med plast som hindrer alt innsyn .
Da Dagbladet besøkte Haugesund for å oppsøke Larsen og Ormåsen , ønsket ingen av dem å stille til opp til intervju .
Spørsmål og svar er i all hovedsak utvekslet per e-post .
SOS Rasisme - toppene er under stort press .
Både Akershus og Østfold fylke , Fordelingsutvalget og Landsrådet for Norges barne - og ungdomsorganisasjoner ( LNU ) har åpnet kontrollsaker mot SOS Rasisme .
Rundt ni millioner kroner i støtte holdes tilbake grunnet mistanke om medlemsjuks og at penger til lokallag har blitt samlet opp av sentralleddet .
TAUS : Kjell Gunnar Larsen drifter en organisasjon som mottar flere millioner i støtte fra staten .
Likevel vil han ikke oppgi sine egne verv eller antall ansatte .
Foto : Jacques Hvistendahl / Dagbladet Vis mer
LNU krever også tilbakebetalt 9,7 millioner i utbetalt støtte for 2007 og 2008 av samme årsak .
Flere profilerte SOS Rasisme - medlemmer Dagbladet har snakket med vil ikke stå fram med navn , av frykt for represalier fra ledelsen i organisasjonen .
De mener tilhørighet i Tjen Folket bidrar til økt sjanse for å jobbe ved et av kontorene i Oslo , Haugesund eller Trondheim .
— Larsen velger helst folk han kan stole på , sier en kilde til Dagbladet .
Maktstrukturene i SOS
Rasisme gjør at det Tjen Folket - dominerte landsstyret både utpeker valgkomiteen , som ledes av Kjell Gunnar Larsen , og flere andre viktige utvalg .
Maktstrukturer
I tillegg er det opprettet vertikale maktstrukturer , ved at ansatte og tillitsvalgte sentralt i SOS Rasisme har en rekke lokale og regionale verv , noe grafikken på nest side viser .
På den måten har en håndfull medlemmer stor innflytelse over beslutninger fra bunn til topp i organisasjonen .
Dagbladet har forsøkt å få kommentarer fra sentralt tillitsvalgte .
Svaret er unisont :
— Ingen kommentar .
Snakk med hovedkasserer Larsen .
JOBBER I SOS RASISME : Henrik Ormåsen ( 36 ) leder kommunistgruppa Tjen Folket og er ansatt i SOS Rasisme .
Her på vei fra kontoret .
Foto : Jacques Hvistendahl / Dagbladet Vis mer
Selv SOS Rasisme - leder Trond Thorbjørnsen vegrer seg for å ha en egen oppfatning om organisasjonen ve og vel , mens fire instanser nå holder tilbake og krever tilbake støtte på rundt 18 mill .
kroner .
— Hvordan opplever du selv situasjonen ?
— Alle spørsmål om dette må du stille til Kjell Gunnar Larsen , er det eneste Torbjørnsen vil bli sitert på i Dagbladet , da vi kontaktet ham 2 . mai om at LNU har vedtatt å kreve tilbake 9,7 millioner kroner i tidligere utbetalt støtte .
Han vil ikke kommentere sin egen tilknytning til Tjen Folket .
Leder Trond Thorbjørnsen i SOS Rasisme henviser til hovedkasserer Kjell Gunnar Larsen .
Larsen vil ikke opplyse hvor mange som i dag er ansatt .
- Vi har ingen rekrutteringsproblemer i organisasjonen .
Det er mange flinke aktivister og folk som arbeider hardt uten å få lønn .
Vi har i alle år rekruttert til lønna stillinger fra våre egne aktivister , svarer Larsen via e-post .
Larsen er registrert som nestleder i Tjen Folket .
Han ønsker ikke å oppgi alle sine verv og posisjoner i SOS Rasisme til Dagbladet .
- SPØR LARSEN : Som de fleste andre tillitsvalgte i SOS Rasisme henviser leder i SOS Rasisme , Trond Torbjørnsen til hovedkasserer Kjell Gunnar Larsen .
Foto : Håkon Eikesdal / Dagbladet Vis mer
- Alle beslutninger som gjelder SOS Rasisme blir tatt av de demokratisk valgte organer i SOS Rasisme , sier Larsen .
- Ønsker revolusjon Larsen ønsker ikke å svare på anklagene om kupp av organisasjonen , men Tjen Folket - leder Henrik Ormåsen , som til daglig er ansatt i SOS Rasisme , avviser dette .
Han bekrefter at Tjen Folket har en revolusjonær linje , der vold inngår som et legitimt politisk virkemiddel .
- Vi ønsker revolusjon i Norge .
Alle revolusjoner i Norge har blitt gjennomført ved hjelp av våpen .
Både i 1814 , 1884 og 1905 så var våpenmakt , eller mangel på dette , avgjørende , skriver Ormåsen .
- Veien til frihetens rike går gjennom et demokratisk diktatur for arbeiderklassen , skriver han videre .
Larsen nekter å svare på om noen Tjen Folket - aktiviteter er finansiert gjennom SOS Rasisme , men Ormåsen avviser dette .
Ormåsen avslutter eposten med et sitat fra sosiologen Alexander Zinoviev :
« Når jeg ser tilbake over dette århundre , kan jeg fastslå at Stalin var det største individet for dette århundret , det største politiske geniet . »
- Jeg merker ikke noe til at mange er med i Tjen Folket .
Vi snakker ikke partipolitikk i SOS Rasisme , sier landsstyrerepresentant Monica Hauge Skaten ( Ap ) fra Hordaland .
( Via Fr33 Agents and Drunkenatheist 2010 - 05 - 14 . )
Since the collapse of the Iron Curtain , it ’s fallen to the Western nations to take up the banner of the War on Photography , formerly a stereotypically East German sort of preoccupation for the Securitate … — GT 2010-01-01 : Friday Lazy Linking
A few days ago , in Allentown , Pennsylvania , the United States government ’s Marshals attacked , arrested , and imprisoned my friend George Donnelly , an Anarchist based out of Philadelphia .
They attacked him because he was filming the Marshals attacking somebody else , Julian Heicklen , who was peacefully distributing pamphlets about jury nullification in front of a federal courthouse .
When Marshals got up in Heicklen ’s face , he started arguing with them ; like most government cops , the Marshals are happy to gang up on old men , and like most government cops , they believe they have the right and duty to use physical violence in order to put an end to purely verbal arguments .
When the Marshals started attacking Heicklen , some of them went after George for filming what they were doing .
Since he would n’t stop filming or hand over his camera on command , the Marshals tackled him , planted a knee on his face and pried the camera out of his hands .
Then they arrested him for resisting arrest , and forced into a Federal jail for about 2 days before he was finally released , after a concerted effort by George ’s friends at Fr33 Agents to make calls demanding his release .
He is safe at home for now with his wife and child .
But the bullshit charges are still pending .
Here ’s George :
Thank you so much to everyone who noted my disappearing by federal agents and took steps to aid me .
I am blessed and grateful to have such dear friends and comrades .
Thank you .
I will post more when I can .
I ’m currently recuperating from the relatively mild torture tactics deployed against me ( and many other peaceful individuals I had the pleasure of meeting ) in the local federal prison .
I ’m currently seeking a criminal defense attorney who can assist in defending me against the federal onslaught .
I am infinitely grateful for any assistance you can render .
Thank you .
— George Donnelly ( 2010 -05 - 14 ) : A Million Thankyous
Here ’s Vicki Moore ’s call for solidarity with George .
I could n’t agree more .
As you can imagine , the next few months ( or years , however the hell long it is for him ) are going to be rough for George and his family .
It ’s hard enough being in a he said - she said case against a regular person ; imagine being in a he said - she said against the government with only two libertarians backing you up !
He is going to be under a crazy amount of stress until these charges are ( hopefully ! ) dismissed .
This is where your help is needed .
George needs a good criminal defense attorney who is well versed in first amendment cases and does n’t mind taking on the federal government .
He will also need a legal defense fund ; he ’s got a wife and a young son at home , let ’s try to help ease the financial pressure on them .
As of right now ( Friday , May 14th , 2:46 am EST ) , George is taking donations through his paypal account ( link located here ) .
I will update if I find out anything else regarding a legal defense fund for him .
I know that the internet regularly sucks my will to live , but incidences like these are one of the few times I feel like I can have faith in the ‘ tubes .
This whole situation kills me .
Admittedly , it ’s in part because even though we have n’t met ( yet ) , George and I run in some of the same circles and have several shared acquaintances / irl friends .
Please help him in whatever way you can ; even if you ca n’t donate money right now , just spread the info around and maybe you know someone who can .
— Drunkenatheist 2010 - 05 - 14 : Move it along , sir !
She also has a good round - up of links to the reporting on the police riot at the courthouse .
I do n’t have much to add , except my best wishes and solidarity for George and his family , and my hope that y’all will spread the word about this police assault and what we can do to help George get through this .
Solidarity with George Donnelly !
Free all political prisoners !
See also :
Arab and Muslim members of the United Nations , led by Malaysia , are working toward assembling an emergency UN session to discuss Israel 's last month raid of a Gaza - bound flotilla , Haaretz learned late Tuesday .
Open gallery view The Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty Review Conference at the United Nations Headquarters May 3 , 2010 .
Credit : Reuters
The resolutions reached at an emergency UN session do not bear immediate practical consequences , and are considered recommendations .
However , the representatives of dozens of member states could be allowed to speak at such a session , a fact that could turn the debate into a massive diplomatic assault against Israel , which , in turn , could add to international pressure on Israel to lift the blockade on Gaza .
Diplomatic sources said that recent efforts were triggered by the Arab and Muslim nations ' dissatisfaction with the results of a UN Security Council session concerning the May 31 raid , which took place just days after the maritime operation , and which culminated with a presidential denouncement of Israel and a demand for a thorough inquiry .
The sources also told Haaretz that the push for a special UN session was led by Malaysia , who sources said had been inspired by similar efforts by Syria and Iran to place the aftermath of the flotilla raid high on the international agenda .
Malaysia 's parliament , which is already known for its extreme anti-Israel stance , had already adopted a resolution calling for steps to be taken against Israel in response to the flotilla incident .
The official website of the country 's Foreign Ministry even quoted Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak as saying that the flotilla raid " opened the eyes of the people of Malaysia and the rest of the world to the atrocities of the Zionist regime towards the people of Palestine which hitherto we have read about and seen on television , " as well as other anti-Israel remarks .
Sources said that Malaysia was interested in being considered a leading country in the push as a means to advocate its candidacy to the UNSC next year .
It ’s no secret that Microsoft is hot - to - trot for augmented reality ( AR ) , and starting today the company ’s offering up two new Windows - based AR developer kits for pre-order to everyone – Acer ’s Windows Mixed Reality Headset Developer Edition for $ 649 and HP ’s Windows Mixed Reality Headset Developer Edition for $ 599 .
But while those pre-orders are open from today , customers will still to wait until October 17 this year before they can expect their wearables to be shipped , however .
Prospective buyer ’s should n’t be thrown off by the “ Mixed Reality ” or “ Developer ” tags either – you do n’t technically need to be a developer to be able to use the wearables , and ‘ mixed reality ’ is essentially just Microsoft - speak for augmented reality .
Both the Acer and the HP headsets are similar in form and function to Microsoft ’s own HoloLens , just without the four - figure price tag .
Both new headsets headset feature 1440 x 1440 LCD displays with a 95 - degree horizontal field of vision and 90 Hz refresh rates .
The Acer Mixed Reality Headset was first revealed at CES 2017 , and was shown off again at an event in New York in April , where we got to go hands on and give it a try .
Our reviewer found it to be pleasantly light , with pleasingly - sharp resolution .
Patrick Crayton still looking for a trade
After the Cowboys selected Dez Bryant in the first round of this past April ’s NFL draft , the depth chart at the wide receiver position in Dallas began to get a little crowded .
One player who is feeling the pinch is six - year veteran Patrick Crayton .
And despite the fact that he is scheduled to make $ 2 million in 2010 , Crayton wants out .
Per a report from Todd Archer of the Dallas Morning News , Crayton plans to stay away from the Cowboys ’ organized team activities this week in Valley Ranch as he continues to seek a trade .
The 31 - year - old from Northwestern Oklahoma State skipped last week ’s OTAs as well .
With Pro Bowler Miles Austin and the overpriced , underperforming Roy Williams already on the roster , Crayton would likely see his snaps decrease in 2010 as the Cowboys will also be working Bryant into the mix on Sundays as well .
However , its doubtful that Cowboys fans will even notice Crayton is gone .
In six years with the team , the wideout has only caught more than 39 passes in a season just one time ( 2007 ) and has never totaled more than 697 receiving yards .
Hit me up on Twitter : @ JoeFortenbaugh
Zapping Titan - Like Atmosphere with UV Creates Life Precursors
The nitrogen - dominated atmosphere of Saturn 's moon , Titan , may provide clues to the origins of life .
By Mari N. Jensen , College of Science
The first experimental evidence showing how atmospheric nitrogen can be incorporated into organic macromolecules is being reported by a University of Arizona team .
The finding indicates what organic molecules might be found on Titan , the moon of Saturn that scientists think is a model for the chemistry of pre-life Earth .
Earth and Titan are the only known planetary - sized bodies that have thick , predominantly nitrogen atmospheres , said Hiroshi Imanaka , who conducted the research while a member of UA 's chemistry and biochemistry department .
How complex organic molecules become nitrogenated in settings like early Earth or Titan 's atmosphere is a big mystery , Imanaka said .
" Titan is so interesting because its nitrogen - dominated atmosphere and organic chemistry might give us a clue to the origin of life on our Earth , " said Imanaka , now an assistant research scientist in the UA 's Lunar and Planetary Laboratory .
" Nitrogen is an essential element of life . "
However , not just any nitrogen will do .
Nitrogen gas must be converted to a more chemically active form of nitrogen that can drive the reactions that form the basis of biological systems .
Imanaka and Mark Smith converted a nitrogen - methane gas mixture similar to Titan 's atmosphere into a collection of nitrogen - containing organic molecules by irradiating the gas with high - energy UV rays .
The laboratory set - up was designed to mimic how solar radiation affects Titan 's atmosphere .
Most of the nitrogen moved directly into solid compounds , rather than gaseous ones , said Smith , a UA professor and head of chemistry and biochemistry .
Previous models predicted the nitrogen would move from gaseous compounds to solid ones in a lengthier stepwise process .
Titan looks orange in color because a smog of organic molecules envelops the planet .
The particles in the smog will eventually settle down to the surface and may be exposed to conditions that could create life , said Imanaka , who is also a principal investigator at the SETI Institute in Mountain View , Calif .
However , scientists do n't know whether Titan 's smog particles contain nitrogen .
If some of the particles are the same nitrogen - containing organic molecules the UA team created in the laboratory , conditions conducive to life are more likely , Smith said .
Laboratory observations such as these indicate what the next space missions should look for and what instruments should be developed to help in the search , Smith said .
Imanaka and Smith 's paper , " Formation of nitrogenated organic aerosols in the Titan upper atmosphere , " is scheduled for publication in the Early Online edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences the week of June 28 .
NASA provided funding for the research .
The UA researchers wanted to simulate conditions in Titan 's thin upper atmosphere because results from the Cassini Mission indicated " extreme UV " radiation hitting the atmosphere created complex organic molecules .
Therefore , Imanaka and Smith used the Advanced Light Source at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 's synchroton in Berkeley , Calif .
to shoot high - energy UV light into a stainless steel cylinder containing nitrogen - and - methane gas held at very low pressure .
The researchers used a mass spectrometer to analyze the chemicals that resulted from the radiation . Â
Simple though it sounds , setting up the experimental equipment is complicated .
The UV light itself must pass through a series of vacuum chambers on its way into the gas chamber .
Many researchers want to use the Advanced Light Source , so competition for time on the instrument is fierce .
Imanaka and Smith were allocated one or two time slots per year , each of which was for eight hours a day for only five to 10 days .
For each time slot , Imanaka and Smith had to pack all the experimental equipment into a van , drive to Berkeley , set up the delicate equipment and launch into an intense series of experiments .
They sometimes worked more than 48 hours straight to get the maximum out of their time on the Advanced Light Source .
Completing all the necessary experiments took years .
It was nerve - racking , Imanaka said : " If we miss just one screw , it messes up our beam time . "
At the beginning , he only analyzed the gases from the cylinder .
But he did n't detect any nitrogen - containing organic compounds .
Imanaka and Smith thought there was something wrong in the experimental set - up , so they tweaked the system .
But still no nitrogen .
" It was quite a mystery , " said Imanaka , the paper 's first author .
" Where did the nitrogen go ? "
Finally , the two researchers collected the bits of brown gunk that gathered on the cylinder wall and analyzed it with what Imanaka called " the most sophisticated mass spectrometer technique . "
Imanaka said , " Then I finally found the nitrogen ! "
Imanaka and Smith suspect that such compounds are formed in Titan 's upper atmosphere and eventually fall to Titan 's surface .
Once on the surface , they contribute to an environment that is conducive to the evolution of life .
This image taken by the Cassini orbiter on Oct. 15 , 2007 , shows Saturn 's A and F rings , the small moon Epimetheus and smog - enshrouded Titan , the planet 's largest moon .
The image is colorized to approximate the scene as it might appear to human eyes .
1 of 3 UA researcher Hiroshi Imanaka stands next to the experiment he and UA 's Mark Smith have set up inside the Advanced Light Source facility at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in Berkeley , Calif .
2 of 3
In an experiment to simulate what happens when sunlight hits Titan 's atmosphere , UA researchers put nitrogen and methane gas into a stainless steel cylinder and zapped it with high - energy UV light .
The nitrogen molecules emit blue light when zapped by the UV light .
The white in the picture surrounds the pinhole opening that is the source of the UV beam .
3 of 3 Previous Next
Share
Henry David
Thoreau once famously said that Americans lead lives of quiet desperation , that flitting circumstances cause our distraction and that , despite Christianity and candles , we sit in the dark .
There , in a nutshell , is the conundrum of the 19th - century American writer who frowned on the country ’s aesthetic lassitude , its getting and spending , its fundamental malaise — and yet wanted , above all , to create a language commensurate with a luminous , moral vision of national freedom ; what could be more American ?
“ The mind of this country , taught to aim at low objects , eats upon itself , ” Ralph Waldo Emerson , America ’s spiritual cheerleader , complained .
The writer , the American writer , would be different .
“ We will walk on our own feet ; we will work with our own hands , ” Emerson continued , “ we will speak our own minds . ”
But though Emerson ’s call for self - reliance is one of the common­places of American literature , not until I began systematically assembling material for my anthology of 19th - century American writers on writing did I understand how these authors , who frequently meditated on craft or style , also anguished about what self - reliance , to them as writers , truly meant .
Partly this is because they were trying to become masters in their own house ; and by the end of the 19th century , they mostly were .
Think of their range : the oratory of Emerson or of Sojourner Truth ; the lyrical prose of jingle - man Edgar Allan Poe ; the vatic humor of Herman Melville ; the cool ironies of Henry Adams ; the wit of Fanny Fern ; the buzzing epithets of William James ; the dialect verse of Frances Harper .
Yet though distinctive , these writers each had to figure out what self - reliance might mean for them individually — and in terms of a larger , national vocation .
One solution was recourse to the spread - eagle : “ The spirit of Literature and the spirit of Democracy are one , ” claimed John O’Sullivan , editor of the United States Magazine and Democratic Review , a political and literary journal .
In 1842 O’Sullivan and his contemporaries were still reeling from the insult hurled at them more than 20 years earlier , in 1820 , when the clever British clergyman Sydney Smith taunted Americans by asking , with a sneer , “ In the four quarters of the globe , who reads an American book ? ”
As it happens , American authors were asking the very same thing .
What ’s more , what is an American book , they wanted to know .
Typically conscientious and New Englandy , as Emily Dickinson would say , the Reverend William Ellery Channing rushed into the breech to define what this new national literature might be .
“ We mean the expression of a nation ’s mind in writing , ” Channing said .
But what is a nation ’s mind ?
A mind distinctly and uniquely identified as American ?
One democratic American mind for all ?
The language of Channing ’s entreaty , like that of Emerson ’s rousing “ American Scholar , ” which it anticipates , is romantic , heuristic , hopelessly nationalistic : “ In going down into the secrets of his own mind , ” says Emerson of the true American scholar , “ he has descended into the secrets of all minds . ”
In other words , Americans need only think for themselves to realize that , within themselves , they contained all the divinity , power , creativity , and imagination needed for any task , particularly writing .
“ If the single man plant himself indomitably on his instincts , and there abide , the huge world will come round to him .
Patience , — patience , ” Emerson counseled with confidence .
But his advice hints yet again at the rift in American 19th - century culture between the artist who creates and the selfsame public that sporadically and indifferently consumes those creations .
That the American mind cannot live on thought alone was made amply clear in Stephen Longfellow ’s advice to his son Henry , who confided to his father that he wanted to write for his career .
“ There is not wealth enough in this country to afford encouragement & patronage to merely literary men , ” the father replied .
“ And as you have not had the fortune ( I will not say whether good or ill ) to be born rich , you must adopt a profession which will afford you a subsistence as well as reputation . ”
Money .
American writers might sometimes have a room of their own — think of Thoreau ’s cabin in the woods — but money was a problem , sometimes even an obsession .
( Savvy creature that he was , Thoreau knew this and slyly called Walden ’s first chapter “ Economy . ” )
Making the writer ’s life even more difficult was the absence of international copyright .
Novelist John De Forest , who coined the nagging phrase “ the great American novel ” — nagging , because no one seemed able to write it — explained in 1868 that this great American novel “ will not soon be wrought unless more talent can be enlisted in the work , and we are sure that this sufficient talent can hardly be obtained without the encouragement of an international copyright . ”
In other words , without such a copyright , American publishers could , and did , effectively pirate British books , selling them far more cheaply than books written by Americans , who expected and needed to be paid .
It was n’t until 1891 that Congress enacted the International Copyright Act .
But as students of America know , Nature ( real and imagined ) quickly became the preferred refuge of the American artist , nature untrammeled and free and thus set apart from the new nation ’s materialistic passions .
Nature is America ’s back yard , vast and seemingly limitless , and if the 19th century is about anything , it ’s about making that back yard — those long and lovely democratic vistas of Walt Whitman — even bigger .
“ I take SPACE to be the central fact to man born in America , ” poet Charles Olson would later say .
Much of 19th - century American writing is the bravura literature of exploration .
Consider the great historians William H. Prescott and Francis Parkman , who interpret Cortéz and the Oregon trail , or Elisha Kent Kane , explorer of the Arctic and seeker of an open Polar sea , or later John Muir , who reads glaciers , avalanches , and torrents , which he calls “ the pens with which Nature produces written characters most like our own . ”
For these writers , Nature also comes to suggest the down - to - earth , the real , the concrete , and the unpretentious , which are presumably the most American .
“ The haughty soul of man has always scorned simplicity , ” declared a roundly democratic Lydia Maria Child .
Of course the shunning of affectation for the sake of effect is itself an affectation — and central to an American argot .
“ I do not pretend to write English — that is , I do not pretend to write what the English themselves call English , ” John Neal exclaimed .
“ I do not , and I hope to God . . . that I never shall write what is now worshipped under the name of classical English . ”
Instead , as Emerson succinctly put it , “ My book should smell of pines . ”
Many American writers ( though not all ) advocated what New England­ers had called the “ plain style ” and aspired to direct address and a clarity of language , although a few early American writers culled their style from the cadence of the religious sermon or the colloquialism of the southwestern humorists and the lingo of the frontier .
These writers were looking for an idiom elastic enough to represent each singular individual and yet , somehow , to include and symbolize all Americans .
“ What I assume you shall assume , ” Whitman sings .
“ For every atom belonging to me as good belongs to you . ”
In 1867 Thomas Wentworth Higginson , a Northern white man , published in The Atlantic Monthly the “ Negro Spirituals ” he had scrupulously transcribed while serving in South Carolina as the leader of the first federally authorized regiment of black troops .
“ The present writer has been a faithful student of the Scottish ballads , and had always envied Sir Walter the delight of tracing them out amid their own heather , ” Higginson wrote .
“ It was a strange enjoyment , therefore , to be suddenly brought into the midst of a kindred world . ”
Citing James Russell Lowell ’s cracker - barrel Biglow Papers as Yankee precedent , in case he needed one , Higginson sought to extend the language to include “ kindred ” worlds , for at stake was the question yet again not just of how to “ write ” American but of who might be one .
Both real and a pose — vide Emily Dickinson , who said candor was her only wile — sincerity is the hallmark of this style .
In myriad introductions to slave narratives where , like Harriet Jacobs , the author contends that she wrote her book herself , the author not only authenticates the veracity of her individual experience but offers something more broadly democratic : what I assume , you can assume ; what I write , even as a former slave , you can feel .
Oddly , though , it is Ulysses S. Grant ’s clearheaded and deeply moving Personal Memoirs that best epitomizes the plain style .
“ I have entered upon the task with the sincere desire to avoid doing injustice to any one , ” Grant said with typical understatement .
He wrote those memoirs when ill and far down on his luck , which brings us back to Stephen Longfellow ’s advice to his son , those books that smell of pine notwithstanding .
One writes to write ; but one needs to pay the bills .
The imposture of sincerity animates some of our most unusual fictional characters — and their creators .
Consider Natty Bumppo , a rough - and - ready and fundamentally anti-intellectual American wandering in an almost primeval New World forest as concocted by James Fenimore Cooper , America ’s first commercial author , who spent a good deal of energy figuring out how to compete ( often litigiously ) in the not very fictitious literary marketplace .
In this , Cooper anticipates Mark Twain .
Capitalist par excellence , Twain invents the youthful hero Huck Finn , who , dismayed by civilized life , seeks freedom in the form of an unbounded territory out west .
Thoreau , too : at Walden Pond he casts his line into the invisible , plumbing the depths of spirit and solitude , though he marches back to the village of Concord from his woodsy hut so his mother can wash his clothes .
And the consumptive , impoverished war correspondent Henry Timrod celebrates in his ode “ Ethnogenesis ” the fantasy of a new Confederate nation founded on nature — that is , cotton , or the “ snow of Southern summers ” — which will somehow rescue the agrarian South from the fanatical , industrial , moneygrubbing North .
“ What I feel most moved to write , that is banned , — it will not pay , ” Melville complained to Nathaniel Hawthorne .
“ Yet , altogether , write the other way I cannot .
So the product is a final hash , and all my books are botches . ”
The conflict between the wish to escape an increasingly bourgeois American life in nature and the necessity to make ends meet inevitably demoralized many 19th - century writers .
Knocking against an increasingly conventional market­place that demanded the predictable ( or those cheap British imports ) , Louisiana novelist George Washington Cable balked .
The artist “ shall stand before kings , ” he said ; “ he shall not stand before Sunday - school library committees . ”
Louisa May Alcott , who churned out successful popular stories , sharply satirized the public ’s demand for them .
Referring to Jo March , the writer - heroine of Little Women , Alcott notes that Jo’s “ story was as full of desperation and despair as her limited acquaintance with those uncomfortable emotions enabled her to make it , and having located it in Lisbon , she wound up with an earthquake , as a striking and appropriate denouement . ”
Earthquakes did n’t happen in sunny America .
But these writers , whatever their means , wished to influence public opinion ; they were , in effect , crusaders .
Literature is born of imagination , yes , but of ethics too .
Partly , this is the Puritan heritage of conscience , reflected equally in Thoreau ’s imperatives about writing and in those pronouncements of authors stylistically unlike him , such as Harriet Beecher Stowe , Helen Hunt Jackson , and Charles Chesnutt , who considered writing an endeavor steeped in high moral purpose .
What better way to assuage guilt , particularly if you were a genteel scribbling woman who was n’t supposed to write at all ?
“ It may be truly said that I write with my heart ’s blood , ” said Stowe , author of the wildly popular and influential Uncle Tom ’s Cabin .
“ This crushing of my own heart might enable me to work out some great good to others . ”
And the hopeful novelist Chesnutt , the son of free blacks , noted when he launched his career , that “ the object of my writings would be not so much the elevation of the colored people as the elevation of the whites . ”
At no time was the issue of moral purpose more pressing than in the years following the bloody Civil War , whose massive casualties included the idealism ( and messianism ) of the early part of the century .
Yet as the nation redefined itself , as democracy became theoretically more inclusive , up sprang the so - called realistic writing of Ambrose Bierce and Hamlin Garland and Bret Harte and even Henry James , authors committed to what the influential William Dean Howells demanded over and over : “ to do the best he can with the material he has chosen , to make the truest possible picture of life . ”
Realism was America ’s new signature .
Actually , realism hearkens back to the nitty - gritty of the captivity or the slave narrative — Hannah Duston braining her Indian captors , the beating of Frederick Douglass ’s aunt Hester — and certainly gimlet - eyed women writing before the war , like Fanny Fern or Rebecca Harding Davis , with her “ trespass vision ” ( Tillie Olsen ’s term ) , were nothing if not realists .
Nonetheless , after the war , a generation of writer for whom Howells was a powerful spokesperson yearned to write of what they saw , however small or everyday , as they saw it .
Nothing more .
That was democracy .
But ironically realism also springs from the increasingly Romantic notion that art evolves according to its own being , with the artist merely its medium or conduit .
As John Burroughs pointed out , “ Readers fancy that in the works of Thoreau or Jefferies some new charm or quality of nature is disclosed , that something hidden in field or wood is brought to light .
They do not see that what they are in love with is the mind or spirit of the writer himself .
Thoreau does not interpret nature , but nature interprets him . ”
And the work itself ?
“ Each novel has a law of its own , which it seems to create for itself , ” said Howells , who did not always practice what he preached .
“ Almost from the beginning it has its peculiar temperament and quality , and if you happen to be writing that novel you feel that you must respect its law . ”
Naturally , there were unbelievers such as sentimentalists committed to moral uplift like the popular F. Marion Crawford or “ naturalists ” like Frank Norris who labeled realism a buttoned - up , uncrafted approach to literature in which mechanical fidelity to life ’s trivia was its sole raison d’être .
Rejecting this paint - by - number realism , which undermined their devotion to and sense of their craft , writers like Kate Chopin , with a touch of annoyance , explained that picturesque subjects were not automatically the stuff of art .
“ I have been taken to spots supposed to be alive with local color .
I have been introduced to excruciating characters with frank permission to use them as I liked , but never , in any single instance , has such material been of the slightest service . ”
Chopin , Sarah Orne Jewett , Stephen Crane , Cable , Sidney Lanier , and Lafcadio Hearn concern themselves with not just imagination but its material counterpart , form .
“ I have had to rewrite pages 50 times , ” Hearn told a friend .
“ It is like a groping for something you know is inside the stuff , but the exact shape of which you do n’t know . ”
And when advising a friend , Jewett astutely remarked , “ I think we must know what good work is , before we can do good work of our own , and so I say , study work that the best judges have called good and see why it is good ; whether it is , in that particular story , the reticence or the bravery of speech , the power of suggestion that is in it , or the absolute clearness and finality of revelation ; whether it sets you thinking , or whether it makes you see a landscape with a live human figure living its life in the foreground . ”
“ Preaching is fatal to art in literature , ” said Crane .
To this group , even Thoreau begins to seem didactic .
“ Truth , ” Crane noted , was being true to one ’s own point of view .
“ I have tried to observe closely , and to set down what I have seen in the simplest and most concise way . ”
Sincerity now meant devotion to craft .
It also stood for integrity of vision — the ability to take what one sees and shape it into an expressive , formal whole .
When Henry James advised Edith Wharton to “ do New York , ” he was not talking about Zolaesque or photographic realism ; rather he was telling her to write what she knew as boldly , as capaciously , as creatively as she could .
After Emerson and Thoreau , probably no one in America meditated on the act of writing more than James , whose letters and essays and novels take composition as their perpetual subject .
And no one comes closer to healing the divide between craft and mission , or to what was bandied about as “ the novel with a purpose , ” than James .
To him , personal vision always trumps subject matter , whether one wrote about American forests or the peoples who lived there , whether about runaway slaves or huddled masses .
“ Therefore , if I should certainly say to a novice , ‘ Write from experience , and experience only , ’ ” he counseled in his essay “ The Art of Fiction . ”
“ I should feel that this was a rather tantalizing monition if I were not careful immediately to add , ‘ Try to be one of the people on whom nothing is lost ! ’ ”
It goes without saying that you will not write a good novel unless you possess the sense of reality ; but it will be difficult to give you a recipe for calling that sense into being .
Humanity is immense and reality has a myriad forms ; the most one can affirm is that some of the flowers of fiction have the odour of it , and others have not ; as for telling you in advance how your nosegay should be composed , that is another affair .
It is equally excellent and inconclusive to say that one must write from experience ; to our supposititious aspirant such a declaration might savour of mockery .
What kind of experience is intended , and where does it begin and end ?
Experience is never limited and it is never complete ; it is an immense sensibility , a kind of huge spider - web , of the finest silken threads , suspended in the chamber of consciousness and catching every air - borne particle in its tissue .
It is the very atmosphere of the mind ; and when the mind is imaginative — much more when it happens to be that of a man of genius — it takes to itself the faintest hints of life , it converts the very pulses of the air into revelations .
“ How slowly our literature grows up ! ” Hawthorne had groaned in 1845 .
Could he have read James , who read Hawthorne with such delight and profit , he might have felt that an American literature was , indeed , growing up and perhaps growing wise to boot .
Though naysayers accused James of denuding American literature , rendering it bloodlessly detached from the everyday , he actually broadened its definition much as his friend Howells and their friend Crane had tried to do , by making it alive to the possibilities of that mind on whom nothing is lost — not the struggle for survival , not the need for time and money — and which in the end makes literature a place far broader than the borders of nation .
As for the marketplace , it endured and trimmed the sales of far too many , including James , and many a writer groaned and groused about its philistine stranglehold .
But it could not curtail or stop an artist , not for very long .
True , Hearn left the country , as did Crane and Harold Frederic and James and Constance Fenimore Woolson and Wharton .
Nothing becomes America like the leaving of it ; and , said the American wit Thomas Gold Appleton , “ Good Americans , when they die , go to Paris . ”
Then again , American literature had always spoken the language of exploration .
Though realism itself became an embattled term in the second half of the 19th century , just as transcendentalism had before it , these are categories that , on final examination , have little relevance when we barge into the writer ’s study to listen to him or her talk about the act of getting words onto paper .
Writers write .
They search all day for a word , pull out their hair , rewrite what they ’d laboriously composed the night before ; they find and lose editors , publishers , money , loved ones , and sleep .
And if we eavesdropped on all their conversations about leaky pens and elusive readers , we would have a shelf of volumes .
All anthologies are quirky , and my anthology of 19th - century American writers will be no exception .
But as I read through these authors and pondered what they were saying , I realized that they were really talking to one another , and I wanted to include that conversation .
What we discover when we look at American writers are women and men imbued with a generosity of spirit ; they read one another , support one another , admire and criticize and urge one another forward .
The greatest instance of this is perhaps Melville ’s dedication of Moby - Dick to Hawthorne , but there are other examples : the literary friendships of Emerson and Margaret Fuller , Jewett and Willa Cather , Jackson and Dickinson , James and Wharton , Frederic and Crane , Twain and Grant , John Chapman and Emerson , and Howells and just about everyone .
This generosity of spirit extends to us .
American literature in the 19th century speaks in the 21st in terms we have not yet abandoned for all our sophistication , technology , globalism , and panache .
Like it or not , and despite their many varied voices , American writers cannot untangle those knotty , annoying questions about what it means to be an American , to feel American , to compose American , whether for oneself or for others , whether in America or not .
Doubtless for all our sakes , it ’s better that they cannot .
Here We Go Again
Too bad the jobs crisis , in a big way , has already left this bill in the dust .
Hundreds of thousands of people have exhausted their extended unemployment benefits .
In some states , laid - off workers can receive checks for 99 weeks -- and that 's all they 're going to get .
This bill is n't for the " 99ers " and there 's no proposal on deck to give them additional weeks of benefits .
" What 's frustrating is that our government does n't seem to think this is an important issue , " said Christy Blake , a 35 - year - old mother of two in Fruitland , Md. " We did n't put ourselves here .
It was n't our choice .
I have been diligently looking for work . "
Blake told HuffPost she received her last biweekly $ 618 unemployment check in February .
She said she lost her job as an accounting associate with the city of Fruitland in September 2008 ( jobless Marylanders can get 73 weeks of benefits ) .
She said she 's three months behind on rent and has no idea how she 'll pay the $ 205.63 electric bill that came with a May 28 cutoff warning .
She said she 's applied for jobs at Walmart , Target and McDonald 's without any luck .
She has no idea what to do .
We were looking this week for a discussion topic that would stir up both Yankees and Red Sox fans , as the two teams prepare to clash this week .
We think we found one .
In this current iteration of the Yankees - Red Sox rivalry , which started when both teams made the postseason in 1995 ( something that was n't possible before the wild card was instituted ) , which hitters and pitchers have played the biggest roles in their teams ' regular - season performance against each other ?
Alex Rodriguez has hit some big home runs at Fenway Park .
AP Photo / Amy Sancetta
Simply put , who has been more important : Manny Ramirez or Derek Jeter ?
Alex Rodriguez or David Ortiz ?
Pedro Martinez or Mariano Rivera ?
Feel free to discuss , cajole and argue , in whatever manner you wish .
But our plan is to offer a statistical take on the subject .
For that , we used a tool known as win probability added ( WPA ) , a stat devised by sabermetric whiz Tom Tango and tracked historically via the box scores provided on Baseball - Reference.com .
WPA provides a statistical answer to the question :
Whose pitching or hitting contributions were most important to their team 's chance to win ?
A player accumulates WPA based on situational performance .
For example :
On June 3 , 2007 , A - Rod came to bat against Red Sox closer Jonathan Papelbon in the top of the ninth inning with two men out , no one on base , and the two teams tied .
Baseball historians have charted games to determine that in that specific instance -- tie game , top of the ninth , two outs , nobody on -- the visiting team wins 38 percent of the time .
In the confrontation between the teams ' two stars , Rodriguez won .
He hit a dramatic go - ahead home run .
Now , a new situation :
The visiting team ( Yankees ) is ahead by one , with two outs and nobody on in the top of the ninth .
In that instance , the visiting team wins 78 percent of the time .
So Rodriguez gets a credit of 40 percentage points ( 0.40 ) to account for his home run .
Papelbon gets a debit of 40 percentage points ( minus - 0.40 ) to account for allowing the home run .
The 40 comes from looking at how much the Yankees ' chance to win increased ( from 38 to 78 percent ) after that plate appearance .
Take all of a player 's credits and debits for every plate appearance in the rivalry , and you get a number that tells you how many wins that player 's performance was " worth " to his team .
The beauty of WPA is that it separates the ninth - inning go - ahead hits from the home runs in 10 - 0 blowouts .
If you want to take the mathematics out of it , think of it this way : WPA will tell us whose hitting and pitching performances in the Yankees - Red Sox rivalry have been most meaningful .
Before we take a closer look , we should mention that we established some ground rules .
This is a regular - season evaluation .
The postseason is its own animal , and to compare the regular season to the postseason , or to mix the two in some manner , does a disservice to postseason play .
And we 're looking at only two elements of the game -- hitting and pitching .
Baserunning , defense and " intangible contributions " are non-factors .
As far as the games go , everything counts .
A Yankees - Red Sox game in April is as important as a game in September .
Fair or unfair , our system is such that every game carries the same weight .
The Yankees want to beat the Red Sox every time , and vice versa .
So it all means something .
Browse >
Home social media / Social Media is Just One Big Referral Network - Step Ahead Inc
Social Media is Just One Big Referral Network
Hop onto Twitter or Facebook pretty much any evening during prime time and you ’re almost certain to see some friends posting comments or tweeting about TV shows .
Who has n’t seen many a comment about Lost or Glee ?
In fact , I ’ve seen so many comments about Glee , I ’ve thought about watching it just to see what all the hype is about .
Those friend recommendations piqued my interest more than any TV commercial I saw about the show .
That ’s the power of social media .
And it ’s a power NBC is harnessing as it continues its “ Fan It ” initiative into the 2010 - 2011 TV season .
Fans signs up on the NBC website and then earn points for talking about NBC shows on Facebook , MySpace or Twitter .
Points are good for NBC merchandise ( wonder how many points I ’d need for an Office bobblehead ? ) or for entries into mega contests ( wonder how many points I ’d need to appear on Parks & Recreation ? ) .
In an Associated Press article last week , Adam Stotsky , president of NBC Entertainment Marketing , is quoted as saying , “ A recommendation from a friend is infinitely more powerful than any message we can put out through conventional marketing channels . ”
That ’s sums up nicely what social media is all about and why it ’s critical for businesses to be part of the landscape .
Social media has expanded the concept of word - of - mouth marketing beyond asking our neighbors to recommend a good plumber into a global network of referrals .
If your business is n’t paying attention to social media , it ’s missing an opportunity to reach potential customers , reward them for their business and respond to their questions or complaints .
Last week I asked on Twitter if anyone could recommend a good company to pressure wash my house .
I received a recommendation from a Twitter follower so plan to call that business this week .
What would have made that example even more powerful is if this particular pressure washing business was on Twitter and could have reached out to me directly , possibly offering a free estimate or a discount .
I applaud NBC for recognizing the massive referral system that is social media and hope it serves as an example to other businesses that engaging your customers , rewarding them for their efforts and thinking beyond conventional marketing channels has to be a part of your business plan .
So Sven was a Liverpool fan all along , was he ?
The clever chap kept his affections hidden during his six and a half years as England 's manager , he says , because he wanted to avoid being accused of favouritism .
Now that Rafael Benítez 's departure has created a vacancy , and Eriksson 's contract with Ivory Coast expires at the end of their participation in the World Cup , the time is clearly right for the Swede to declare an interest .
No doubt he will end up somewhere interesting and lucrative before the end of the summer .
But not , one imagines , at Liverpool .
No sentence containing the words " Eriksson " and " Anfield " can have the ring of plausibility – and that is to sidestep the fact that Liverpool 's current financial position hardly encourages the sort of team - building exercise in which Sven is expert , involving the outward flow of large sums of money .
For those hoping that the next manager will preside over a period of stability and measured growth , the announcement of Kenny Dalglish 's involvement as a headhunter provides considerable reassurance .
The hero of the Kop is not the sort of fellow to be seduced by the notion of appointing another foreign coach because that seems to be what everyone else is doing .
Benítez and his predecessor , Gérard Houllier , did a decent job for the club , both of them managing second - place finishes in the league during their six ‑year terms .
The Spaniard brought the European Cup back to Anfield while the Frenchman won an unprecedented five trophies in a single calendar year .
Each , however , left in unhappy circumstances , after losing the faith of the players and much of the crowd .
Dalglish and the members of Liverpool 's board will have to think very hard about their next appointment , particularly in the light of the possible departures of three or four of the club 's best players before the start of next season .
If I were a Liverpool fan , I would be accompanying my nightly Hail Marys with a prayer for the appointment of Roy Hodgson .
Having just completed an outstanding season with Fulham , only slightly marred by defeat in the Europa League final , the 62 - year - old Hodgson is likely to be attracted by the prospect of one last big challenge at the end of a career that has taken him to eight countries .
The potential benefit to Liverpool is obvious .
Together , Dalglish and Hodgson could re-establish a modern version of the unpretentious Boot Room strategy that served the club so well from the arrival of Bill Shankly , 50 years ago last December , to Dalglish 's decision to call time on his own six ‑year tenure in 1991 .
To draw Jamie Carragher , who has been busy taking his coaching badges , into the set - up would be a significant step ; to attract Steven Gerrard to stay at Anfield with the offer of a similar transition might be expecting a little too much , but it would be worth a try .
A root and branch reform of the club 's internal coaching structures would be more important , in the long run , than an immediate return to the Champions League .
The Liverpool academy , once a reliable source of talent , has been underperforming for a decade , and it should be a new regime 's absolute priority to ensure that it becomes attractive once again to young players needing to believe that they are on a fast track to the first team .
Existing starlets , such as the central defender Conor Coady , who recently captained England to success in the European Under - 17 Championship , should be made to feel that their careers will no longer be impeded by the arrival of second - rate imports .
Benítez made his exit with dignity – " I am very proud to have been your manager " was a genuinely touching valediction – and Martin Broughton , the club 's part - time chairman , was right to say that he will always have a place in the supporters ' hearts .
But this summer could see Liverpool taking the necessary steps towards re-establishing the granite foundations that made them for so long the dominant power in English football .
Seeking to harness some of the national uproar over Arizona ’s new immigration law , the state ’s likely Democratic candidate for governor this fall and the chairman of Arizona ’s Democratic Party visited New York last week .
The visit , paid for by the Arizona state party , was intended to cultivate political donors and to raise the profile of Terry Goddard , Arizona ’s attorney general and the presumed Democratic candidate for governor .
Mr. Goddard , a Navy veteran , Harvard graduate and former mayor of Phoenix , had private meetings and spoke at a luncheon on Friday at the Harvard Club of New York .
The audience of 45 included lawyers and bankers , some with roots in Arizona and others who said they were simply alarmed by political trends there .
Also attending were some prominent Democratic donors and fund - raisers , including Sarah and Victor Kovner of New York .
There 's a small stretch of battered concrete off Shoal Creek Boulevard .
On a section that 's not used as parking for Austin Independent School District 's House Park Athletics Facility at Shoal Creek and 12th , there 's an abandoned tennis court with a few old wooden ramps .
This is what passes for Austin 's only official Downtown skate park .
Next month , the city will break ground here on a state - of - the - art skateboard and BMX facility .
This is n't a case of " If you build it , they will come . "
The skaters and bikers are already here , and when it opens early next year , the new House Park facility will fill a longstanding gap in the city 's park inventory .
Parks Planning Department Project Coordinator Gary Gregson calls it " an important addition .
... I personally feel that skaters have been underserved , and we have a lot of skateboarders in the community that have been pushing for this for a long time . "
The new 27,000 - square - foot park , designed by Canadian firm New Line Skateparks , will combine a 7,000 - square - foot bowl with a 20,000 - square - foot street - style plaza .
There will be spectator seating , trees for shade , and , as part of the city 's Art in Public Places initiative , a skateable 12 - foot metallic wave designed by local sculptor / skater Chris Levack , which House Park advocate and Tekgnar skate store owner Laurie Pevey called " a metaphor for the motion of skateboarding . "
With the addition of trellises inspired by fossil trilobites found in the area , Pevey said the park will " really relate to Shoal Creek . "
For Austin 's action - sports enthusiasts , the park has been a long time coming .
Pevey recalled , " We started back in the late Nineties , back when [ former Mayor ] Will Wynn was a City Council member . "
She donated the current Downtown ramps as a stopgap while the city developed a plan for three parks within 10 years – a plan that has yet to fully materialize .
The first , a skate - only facility at Mabel Davis Park in South Austin , opened in 2005 .
While the Mabel Davis site is popular , Pevey described it as " cookie - cutter ... a traditional inground cement park . "
Even with council support for a park that she described as " unique to Austin , something Downtown where business people could be on their lunch and there 'd be skateboarding going on , " the House Park plan got caught in " a crazy bureaucratic process , " she said .
Voters approved the $ 1.5 million in construction bonds for the park , and it took another three years to finalize the design .
Even after the land was selected , Pevey said , " there were issues with the floodplain , issues with Austin Community College owning part of the property , issues with concerns raised by Heritage Society of Austin .
It was one group after the next , but finally they agreed that we 're going to go ahead and do it . "
Aside from serving the local community , a well - designed park could attract skateboarders and BMXers from around the nation .
Former professional BMX rider Joe Rich moved to Austin in 1997 to launch his Terrible One bike company and has seen facilities like the one planned for House Park pop up around the state while Austin lagged behind .
He 's optimistic that if it gets a good reputation , people will travel from around the state and beyond to use House Park .
" When cement is done right , there 's a flow to it , " he said .
" It 's kind of a combination of riding trails and riding ramps , but you get something that you do n't get from just one . "
What will make House Park different from Mabel Davis and most other urban facilities is that it will be for both skateboard and BMX use .
All too often , that 's an either / or situation because of tensions between the two communities .
While skaters and BMXers can use the same obstacles , Pevey said , " bicycles have sharp objects , they have pegs , and they destroy the concrete edges .
So the whole thing with Mabel [ Davis ] is that we were saying , ' Look , the bikes will be coming here and they 'll chip all this stuff up , ' and it happened . "
Rich described BMXers ' exclusion as more about policy than practicalities .
When new parks are built , he said , " a lot of times there 'll be a couple of skaters that go to the meetings , but once it gets approved there 'll be a hundred skaters saying , ' We got this done , this is ours , and you 're not allowed . ' "
The difference with House Park was that the BMX community got involved in the discussions early on and collaborated to get something they both wanted .
Rich said , " I was lucky that a couple of my friends who skate brought it to my attention that the bond was coming up before any of the meetings happened . "
Rich was also optimistic that improved park design and changes in bike construction will reduce the damage done .
" Plastic pedals are a perfectly normal thing now , and there are plastic pegs and plastic bar ends .
So if a bike falls , it 's not going to do any damage . "
The opening of the park is the second big gain for Downtown action - sports fans , coming after the recent change in policy over what bikers call the Ninth Street trails but what appears on city maps as Duncan Park .
Split in half by West Ninth Street , BMXers and off - road bikers built their own dirt ramps in the southern portion without city approval .
Project coordinator Gregson said , " At one point the Parks Department tried to eliminate that and close it down , but we ended up allowing them to stay . "
With the city 's adoption of the ramps and its February agreement to let the Texas Rollergirls ' flat - track Roller Derby league practice in existing parks , former competitive skateboarder Chip Wright applauded the improving relationship between skaters , skateboarders , bikers , and the Parks Department .
Currently a commentator for the Texas Rollergirls , Wright said , " Now the city is allowing [ action - sports enthusiasts ] to use parkland and parks areas that we had already been using without their authorization . "
Parks and Recreation Board President Linda Guerrero credited Parks and Recreation Department Director Sara Hensley for the new mood of collaboration .
Guerrero said , " She has created opportunities for stakeholders who have previously been unable to communicate with administrators on their needs . "
She added , " We have to look at the greater needs of Austin as it becomes more urban , and I really feel that the director 's leadership has helped foster a whole new direction in recreational sports . "
Wright proposed that the city should n't see this new development as a long - deferred promise fulfilled but as a first step .
If the long - awaited third park is built , Austin has other action - sports communities – street hockey , wheelchair rugby , and hardcourt bike polo – that could benefit from building a truly mixed - use facility .
" Austin has the opportunity to be number one for all things youth and extreme sports , " he said .
Both Wright and Rich suggested that , as well as building a third large park , the city could make existing and underused neighborhood facilities more skater - friendly by adding ramps and other skateable fixtures .
Plus , Rich added , such facilities can be a real bargain in tough budgetary times .
He said : " There 's not someone that needs to mow it or water it .
Once they 're built , they pretty much take care of themselves . "
The controversial Early Years Foundation Stage , which sets dozens of learning goals for children from their first year to the age of five , says that computers should be introduced from 22 months and that from 40 months children should be able to " perform simple ICT functions , such as select a channel on the TV remote control and use a mouse and keyboard to use age - appropriate software " .
Two Vancouver MPs are decrying a decision to support the extradition of marijuana activist Marc Emery to the United States .
In 2005 , Emery was arrested as part of a joint Canada - U.S. law enforcement effort on charges that relate to an alleged online marijuana seed - selling business based in Vancouver .
Emery had been out on bail for the past six months from the North Fraser Pretrial Centre .
With the period of his release set to expire , Emery surrendered himself to authorities this morning ( May 10 ) at the Vancouver courts to await a decision on extradition .
Emery ’s wife , Jodie , told the Straight earlier today that she had learned federal justice minister Robert Nicholson approved an extradition order .
The decision has now come under fire from NDP MP Libby Davies and Liberal MP Ujjal Dosanjh .
Both MPs tabled a 12,000 - signature petition earlier this year in the House of Commons that opposed Marc Emery ’s extradition .
“ It ’s about Canadian sovereignty , ” Davies , the MP for Vancouver East , told the Straight .
“ Why would we cart off a Canadian to serve time in America for something he would n’t have been charged with in Canada ?
Now what we ’re left with is trying to press that he at least be allowed to serve his time in Canada . ”
Dosanjh , the MP for Vancouver South , told the Straight that Emery faces a “ disproportionate sentence that he would n’t have received in Canada ” .
“ I believe in that case we as a country should ensure that he ’s at least able to serve his sentence in a Canadian prison , ” Dosanjh said .
“ He ’s not a dangerous offender . ”
The federal department of justice could not be reached for comment .
Once upon a time most hackers knew about the infamous IBM " Black Team " .
In case you do n't , I suggest you go read about them first , before you carry on here : The Black Team .
( That should open in a new window or tab - just close it when you 're done . )
So let me tell you a story involving a member of the Black Team .
This has come to me 13th hand , so I can't vouch for its veracity , but I can believe it .
Oh yes , I can believe it .
There was a programmer at IBM who was excited to get the job writing the driver / interface software for a brand spanking new tape - drive .
This was one of the fascinating machines - cabinet sized - that you so often see in movies from the 60s , 70s and beyond .
Reel to reel tape , running forward , then backwards , stopping , starting , no apparent reason for the direction , speed or duration .
Almost hypnotic .
Maybe I should write a simulator as a screen - saver .
Hmm ...
Anyway , our programmer was very excited by the idea of writing the software for this new piece of hardware , but also a little anxious .
After all , his work would attract the attention of the Black Team , something no programmer ever really wanted .
So he decided to thwart them .
There are two ways to write code : write code so simple there are obviously no bugs in it , or write code so complex that there are no obvious bugs in it .
- C.A.R. Hoare
He decided to write his code perfectly .
He decided to prove the code , formally .
He decided to write code that was so clean , so neat , so perfect , that nothing wrong could be found with it .
He worked really hard at getting this code perfect , and the time came for a member of the Black Team to inspect his code and test his software , they found no bugs .
None !
And they were annoyed .
They came back .
At first in twos and threes , but finally the entire team descended on him and his code to find the bugs they simply knew must be there , all to no avail .
So our programmer was happy , content , confident , and above all , smug .
So the day came when the hardware was to be unveiled and demonstrated to the world .
This sort of event was always a big one .
" New Hardware " was a big deal , and duly trumpeted .
Then , at the last minute before the demonstration began , a member of the Black Team hurried up to the console and began frantically typing in commands .
Our programmer was confident - he knew the code was perfect .
It was proven and tested .
Nothing could go wrong .
He was n't even perturbed when the tape started spinning at full speed and running right to the end .
It stopped before the end , as he knew it would .
It was safe , it was working , it was perfect .
The tape then started to rewind at full speed , but that was n't a problem either .
Again , it stopped just short of the end .
No problem .
Again and again the tape ran all the way to the end , then all the way to the start .
Again and again it stopped within tolerances .
Our programmer smirked , knowing the Black Team were beaten .
And then he saw it .
The cabinet had started to build up a gentle , rocking motion .
And it was growing .
What could be happening ?
The Black Team had found the fundamental frequency at which the cabinet would rock , and had programmed the tape to resonate .
In mounting horror , matching the mounting amplitude , the programmer watch as the cabinet at first subtly , then clearly , and finally unmistakably began rocking ever more violently , until finally , inevitably , it fell over .
In front of the World 's press .
History does n't relate what happened to the programmer , or to the product .
Despite the tale being utterly believable , I 've been able to find no record of it .
The greybeard who told me the story has moved on to a place where I can no longer ask questions , and so I 'm left with what might just be a tall tale .
Surely there would survive some report of this event , some record , somewhere .
Do you have a copy ?
HOW many times in life must we engage in self - description ?
Let us count the ways :
There ’s the anxiety of college applications .
The ignominy of Match.com dating .
The embroidery of a C.V. sent to prospective employers .
And , of course , there is Facebook .
The profile page of every Facebook acolyte has an enticing little Info tab , presenting the opportunity to demonstrate wit or wisdom , bravado or timidity , personal agenda or professional bona fides .
A few categories are suggested by default  Likes and Dislikes , Favorite Quotations  but there ’s a big yawning hole in the section labeled Bio .
There ’s no pull - down menu : the format is fill in the blank , every man for himself .
“ It ’s unnerving to sum yourself up and convey your personality , ” said Gretchen Rubin , a former lawyer in New York and author of “ The Happiness Project , ” who opted for tongue - in - cheek : Red -haired , left - handed , legally blind , massive consumer of Diet Coke .
“ I decided that if you do n’t go deep , you might as well go very surface , ” she said .
“ I wrote what I thought stuck out about me , although it does n’t say that I ’m a constant hair - twister . ”
When surveys other than ours have asked simple and direct questions , they have produced results similar to ours .
For example , in November , an ABC News / Washington Post survey found that 72 percent of respondents said the earth has been heating up , and a December poll by Ipsos / McClatchy found this proportion to be 70 percent .
Our surveys did reveal a small recent decline in the proportion of people who believe global warming has been happening , from 84 percent in 2007 to 80 percent in 2008 to 74 percent today .
Statistical analysis of our data revealed that this decline is attributable to perceptions of recent weather changes by the minority of Americans who have been skeptical about climate scientists .
In terms of average earth temperature , 2008 was the coldest year since 2000 .
Scientists say that such year - to - year fluctuations are uninformative , and people who trust scientists therefore ignore this information when forming opinions about global warming ’s existence .
Citizens who do not trust climate scientists , however , base their conclusions on their personal observations of nature .
These low - trust individuals were especially aware of the recent decline in average world temperatures ; they were the ones in our survey whose doubts about global warming have increased since 2007 .
This explanation is especially significant , because it suggests that the small recent decline in the proportion of people who believe in global warming is likely to be temporary .
If the earth ’s temperature begins to rise again , these individuals may reverse course and rejoin the large majority who still think warming is real .
Growing public skepticism has , in recent months , been attributed to news reports about e-mail messages hacked from the computer system at the University of East Anglia in Britain ( characterized as showing climate scientists colluding to silence unconvinced colleagues ) and by the discoveries of alleged flaws in reports by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
Our new survey discredited this claim in multiple ways .
First , we found no decline in Americans ’ trust in environmental scientists : 71 percent of respondents said they trust these scientists a moderate amount , a lot or completely , a figure that was 68 percent in 2008 and 70 percent in 2009 .
Only 9 percent said they knew about the East Anglia e-mail messages and believed they indicated that climate scientists should not be trusted , and only 13 percent of respondents said so about the I.P.C.C. reports ’ alleged flaws .
Interestingly , Americans are not alone in having their views portrayed inaccurately .
A February BBC
News survey asked Britons , “ From what you know and have heard , do you think that the earth ’s climate is changing and global warming is taking place ? ”
Seventy - five percent of respondents answered affirmatively , down a somewhat improbable eight percentage points from 83 percent in November .
A BBC headline blared , “ Climate Skepticism on the Rise , ” when it should have proclaimed that a huge majority of Britons still share common ground with one another and with Americans on this issue .
A gallery of boys dressed as girls , frequently looking rather more sexy and appealing than the actual females they are emulating , and each with a hidden surprise .
Most of these images were gathered by forum users – view the original discussion here .
The agreement underscored the rising confidence among Democrats and the Obama administration that Senate Republicans could not hold ranks against the bill for much longer , given the high - stakes election year and the widespread public outrage at Wall Street .
Officials from Goldman Sachs , including its chief executive , Lloyd C. Blankfein , are scheduled to testify at a Congressional hearing on Tuesday .
Regulators have accused Goldman of fraud , and Democrats plan to spotlight some of Wall Street ’s questionable business dealings and explore the company ’s role in the financial collapse .
Given the climate , both Republicans and Democrats have said they eventually expect Congress to approve the most sweeping overhaul of the financial regulatory system since the aftermath of the Great Depression , and new rules bringing greater transparency to the trading of derivatives are one of the bill ’s more crucial components .
But final passage of the measure would come later rather than sooner if Republicans have their way .
Senator Richard C. Shelby of Alabama said on Sunday that his party was still prepared to block debate of the bill as he fought for additional changes , including what he described as tight guarantees against future taxpayer bailouts of banks .
Mr. Shelby said that he was hopeful the two sides would reach an agreement but that he thought it unlikely that it would happen before the Monday vote .
“ Will we get a bill by tomorrow ?
I doubt it , ” Mr. Shelby said on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press . ”
But he added , “ I think we will get a bill . ”
Told that the two sides seemed close , Mr. Shelby said it was n’t clear .
“ Inches sometimes are miles , ” he said .
Image Senator Richard Shelby , the Republican from Alabama , appeared on “ Meet the Press ” in Washington on Sunday .
Credit ... William B. Plowman / Meet the Press , via Associated Press
Mr. Shelby , and the banking committee chairman , Christopher J. Dodd , Democrat of Connecticut , who appeared together on the show , are scheduled to meet Monday afternoon .
And some officials held out hope of a last - minute deal to move forward with floor debate .
Surgeons at Johns Hopkins have safely and effectively operated inside the brains of a dozen patients by making a small entry incision through the natural creases of an eyelid to reach the skull and deep brain .
They say access to the skull and brain through either lid , formally known as a transpalpebral orbitofrontal craniotomy , sharply contrasts with the more laborious , physically damaging and invasive , traditional means of entry used in brain surgery that requires opening the top half of the skull .
" Going through the eyelid offers a simpler , more direct route to the middle and front regions of the brain than traditional skull - based surgery , " says lead study investigator and facial plastic and reconstructive surgeon Kofi Boahene , M.D. " This minimally invasive approach also avoids the major head trauma typically associated with brain surgery . "
The new approach eliminates the need for shaving the patient 's hair , pulling up the scalp , opening the top half of the skull , and moving aside whole outer sections of the brain in order to operate on the organ 's delicate neurological tissue .
Writing in a pair of studies , one published in the June issue of the Journal of Otolaryngology -- Head and Neck Surgery and another set to appear in the July issue of Skull Base , the Johns Hopkins team describes what are believed to be the first published cases studies of the procedure , documenting how it was successfully used to repair brain fluid leaks , conduct tissue biopsy and remove tumors .
All are common surgeries , but were performed in patients whose complex illnesses made the traditional approach too risky or untenable .
The minicraniotomy through the eyelid requires surgeons to remove only a small , half - inch to one - inch - square section of skull bone right above the eyebrow , which is later replaced , to gain access to the body 's nervous system control center .
advertisement
Once access to the brain is secured , a microscope - and computer - guided endoscope , fitted with a camera , are used to precisely thread other surgical instruments into the soft tissue to perform the operation , using high - tech maps created by advanced CT and MRI scans of the brain .
Boahene says the new approach takes less time to perform , taking on average less than two hours in the operating room as opposed to the traditional four to eight hours ; poses less risk of possible infection due to the less - invasive amount of work in opening the skull ; and requires less time for recovery in hospital , usually an overnight stay instead of four days or longer in the hospital .
The only noticeable hints of any surgery having been performed , he says , are the dissolvable sutures across the eyelid .
By contrast , many brain surgeries require lengthy cuts of the skin ( with its subsequent scarring ) before the scalp can be pulled up .
" This new technique does not even leave a noticeable scar , as we are deliberately cutting across the natural creases in the eyelid , " says Boahene , an assistant professor at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine , who has performed 15 such procedures at Johns Hopkins since 2007 .
Before the procedure , surgeons check by drawing along the eyelid folds with a black marker , making sure the line is not visible when the patient 's eyes are open .
The minicraniotomy , Boahene says , does still require an anesthetic , which carries its own risks of complications , and ice packs around the eye to prevent swelling .
advertisement
Among the scenarios highlighted in the new reports for which eyelid entry proved useful was to mend a common postsurgical complication , a cerebrospinal spinal fluid leak into the sinus cavity that had resulted from a previous , more invasive skull surgery .
Surgeons were fearful that further swelling from additional skull trauma would hamper the patient 's recovery and instead opted for the less - invasive form of surgery to stem the flow .
In another instance included in the reports , surgeons were able to remove a potentially cancerous tumor in a baby whose skull and head size were deemed too small to endure the physical trauma associated with major brain surgery .
" The transpalpebral approach is a very viable and practical option for thousands of surgeries done each year in the United States that involve problems deeply seated behind the eyes or at the front of the brain , " says senior study investigator and neurosurgeon Alfredo Quinones - Hinojosa , M.D .
The minicraniotomy can also be used to correct deformities or skull bones broken by trauma and car accidents , says Quinones - Hinojosa , an associate professor at Johns Hopkins .
The team 's next steps , he adds , are to evaluate and expand the list of procedures for which a transpalpebral orbitofrontal craniotomy is best suited .
Under consideration by the group are brain aneurysm repair and removal of larger brain tumors that cannot be more easily reached by traditional skull surgery or by going through the nose and sinus cavities .
Funding support for this report was provided The Johns Hopkins Hospital .
Besides Boahene and Quinones - Hinojosa , other Hopkins researchers who participated in this study were Michael Lim , M.D. , and Eugene Chu , M.D .
AppengineJS is an open source JavaScript port of the Google App Engine Python SDK helpful to create web applications that can be deployed on GAE infrastructure accessing Google ’s persistent storage and services .
While AppengineJS is a JavaScript port of the App Engine Python API , it actually runs on Rhino , the Mozilla JavaScript engine which is written in Java .
So , JavaScript code using AppengineJS is actually deployed on JVM .
The authors have chosen this solution because they think “ the design of the Python API is closer to the JavaScript world . ”
The Python to JavaScript porting has been done using the JS naming conventions , namely the Python this_is_a_name identifier became this IsAName , and all delete ( ) functions have been renamed to remove ( ) to avoid collision with the delete keyword .
The following APIs have been ported so far :
The GitHub project contains the source code , a link to documentation , and links to two demo examples using AppengineJS : a JSGI application using the Datastore API ( tar.gz ) , and a blog powered by AppengineJS and Nitro ( tar.gz ) .
[ Updated , 4:26 p.m. ]
Officials now say at least three people were killed in the blast .
Four others were wounded , officials said .
Zalmai Ayoubi , spokesman for the Kandahar government , said three children were killed by the blast , and two police and two civilians were slightly wounded .
A spokesman for the Taliban , which claimed responsibility for the bombing , said 11 people were killed in the explosion .
" Today 's donkey cart bomb explosion was on foreign forces , which killed 11 foreigners and four were injured , " Taliban spokesman Qari Yousuf Ahmadi said .
Ahmadi said the bombing was in response to the planned U.S. - led offensive to oust Taliban fighters from the volatile Kandahar region this summer .
" Our message in this is to tell them we are present here and now we are showing our power , too , " Ahmadi said .
[ Published , 11:46 a.m. ]
A donkey covered with explosives and carrying a remote control detonator blew up at a police post Monday in the city of Kandahar , killing a boy and wounding four other people , officials said .
Zalmai Ayoubi , spokesman for the Kandahar government , said a young boy was killed by the blast and two police and two civilians were slightly injured .
The attack took place at the Fazladding Agha escort post of the Afghan National Police in Kandahar , said Mohammad Shah Khan , assistant police chief .
It is almost four months now since Vahid Halilhodzic was eased out of his job as coach of the Ivory Coast , but the pain evidently still lingers .
He holds out little hope for either Ivory Coast or any west African side at the World Cup , blaming corruption and egotistical players for the continued underperformance of African football at international level , and the impression he gives is of relief that his Ivorian adventure is over .
At the Africa Cup of Nations in Angola , Halilhodzic emerged with great credit amid the hysteria that followed the gun attack on the Togo team as they travelled to Cabinda .
Ivory Coast were based in the city and , as all around him panicked , Halilhodzic was the voice of calm , drawing ironic comparisons with the siege of Sarajevo , and ensuring early suggestions that certain players would quit the tournament never came to pass .
The problem , though , was his team .
Good enough in a 3 - 1 win over Ghana , they were flat in drawing 0 - 0 against Burkina Faso – a result that , for all the criticism , guaranteed their passage to the second phase as group winners – and then , having taken a 90th - minute lead in the quarter - final against a mediocre Algeria , they contrived to concede an equaliser before losing in extra-time .
It was Halilhodzic 's first defeat in almost two years in charge , and he was sacked a few days later .
" I 've had time to rest , " the urbane Bosnian said , " but there are some things left for me to absorb .
Everything happened in a blitz , and what I really needed was a vacation .
I have to admit that after everything I look at the offers I 've had , and at life generally , with different eyes .
A lot of things happened in Ivory Coast , and now I have to be much more careful .
Every lesson in life is expensive , and I paid mine . "
Yet Halilhodzic did n't go to Ivory Coast as an ingénu – as you fear Sven - Goran Eriksson , his replacement , has done .
Eriksson has no experience of football outside of Europe apart from his ineffective spell in charge of Mexico , whereas Halilhodzic led Raja Casablanca to the Moroccan title before winning the African Champions League in 1998 .
" Football has generally made a huge step forward since then , " Halilhodzic said .
" Of course , that progress is obvious in Africa as well .
They play far better than they used to , and the quality has certainly improved , but African football suffers from chronic organisational problems .
There , politicians are interfering in absolutely everything , especially football .
The reasons are obvious , football is very popular , particularly at national level , and some marginal political characters are using football to collect political points .
" Basically , what we have is organisational chaos , but corruption also plays its part .
I would say that one of biggest problems is the fact that most of the players are very narcissistic , individuality is first .
The personal has precedence over the team interest , so there is a lack of team spirit , and this makes it impossible to create winners .
" The socio- economic status in Africa plays a big role in football and is a problem of its own .
That is where that individualism comes from , everybody wants to assert themselves and create a chance to play in Europe .
That creates the huge influence of the so - called agents , fraudsters , who also want to interfere in the coach 's job .
That is why I think African football is unable to use the potential it has . "
He is clear too on the reasons for his own dismissal .
" Political influence was the biggest cause of my departure , as our defeat was exploited to create political points , " he said .
" But what was the reason for the failure ?
There were a lot of different things .
There was organisational chaos , and the players who came from Europe , after the terrorist attack in Cabinda , were practically shivering with fear .
" Besides that , there was huge pressure on our back .
But , what I honestly think is that the loss against Algeria brought us many positive things in preparation for the World Cup .
I learnt a lot from that match ; it gave me the answers to many unanswered questions , and I think that particular match would have helped us achieve great results in the World Cup .
That was our actual aim at the Cup of Nations .
Most of the players were thinking about the World Cup and their own clubs , so we were all focused on doing well in South Africa .
But , they did n't let me use what I learnt .
" I had huge plans with this team , and I was confident that we were about to achieve great results .
We studied our opponents and their good and bad sides , and my plan was to draw with Brazil and win against Portugal , which would have given us tail wind .
For Africans , that is very important , that self - confidence , because when they have it , when they believe in themselves , they can play above their real possibilities .
But , you know what happened and all I can say is that I wish them good luck . "
Eriksson , he says , will be the beneficiary .
" I do n't know much about his work , and can't give a proper comment on that , " he said .
" But I know that – in comparison with me – he has the easiest job in the world .
Everything is already prepared , the team is created , so is the plan and all he needs now is to collect points and build on the work that I have done .
Everything is already done ; is there an easier job ? "
Well , yes there is , as Halilhodzic admits , for he is pessimistic about the chances of the African sides .
" I wo n't say that is impossible [ one could do well ] , " he said , " because they really have great players and can achieve a lot .
They certainly do n't lack motivation , and for the first time they have the advantage when it comes to support , but do n't forget that such support entails greater expectations .
What 's most important is the psychological moment – that once they are playing they devote themselves to the team , and not to self - promotion . "
Halilhodzic is too diplomatic to name the player who so irked him , and who turned the politicians against him , but it probably does n't take a genius to work it out .
Eriksson has been warned .
The Shaved Bieber application , which users can add to their browser by saving it as a bookmark , covers up all instances of the words " Justin Bieber " and " Bieber " , as well as any photos that include Bieber in their file names .
B.C. Premier Gordon Campbell : ' I expect a full , detailed and substantial explanation . ' ( ( CBC ) )
B.C. Premier Gordon Campbell says allegations by the head of CSIS that some B.C. politicians and municipal officials are under the influence of foreign governments are shocking and irresponsible .
Campbell says Canadian Security Intelligence Service director Richard Fadden 's statements are unprofessional and call into question the inner workings of Canada 's spy agency .
" To cast aspersions and doubt on people in public office — we do n't know which cabinet ministers and which provinces he 's talking about — but to say that kind of thing at a public function and then release it to the media without talking to people directly involved is to me … I 'm frankly incredulous by it , " he said .
The B.C. government has never been approached by CSIS about politicians or officials being under the control of foreign governments , said Campbell .
Canada is an open and multicultural country and Canadians deserve a thorough explanation of Fadden 's comments , Campbell said .
He gave Fadden one day to explain himself and provide evidence to justify his statements .
" I expect a full , detailed and substantial explanation , " said Campbell .
Broad allegations create confusion
UBC professor and international security expert Allen Sens said Fadden 's comments appear to be only broad allegations and it is not clear what they mean for the country .
" Canadian government officials cultivate relationships with officials in other countries .
It 's just part of the day - to - day business of government and international politics , " he said .
" But where do you draw the line between that and cultivating networks that are designed to actually compromise the national security of a country or gain economic or security secrets ? "
Sens said Fadden did not make that line clear and he thinks that will leave many politicians and officials wondering what they can and cannot do .
CSIS head retreats
Meanwhile , Fadden appears to be backing away from his controversial comments .
He said in a press release Wednesday he realizes " the context of a special report by the CBC on CSIS have given rise to some concerns about foreign interference in Canada . "
" The service has been investigating and reporting on such threats for many years .
Foreign interference is a common occurrence in many countries around the world and has been for decades , " he said .
" At this point , CSIS has not deemed the cases to be of sufficient concern to bring them to the attention of provincial authorities . "
Allegations made in CBC interview
Fadden made the comments in an exclusive interview with CBC News earlier this week , saying Canada 's spy agency suspects that some municipal politicians and cabinet ministers in two provinces are swayed by their connections to foreign governments .
Fadden did not identify the cabinet ministers or the two provinces , but he said some public servants in British Columbia are also under suspicion .
In the interview , he described how a few foreign governments are seeking out Canadian politicians among immigrants from those countries and are offering free trips to their homelands or access to business contacts .
He suggested that as the relationship gets cozier , a politician in that situation starts making decisions that favour his or her homeland over Canada .
Fadden did not say which countries are suspected of being involved in the practice , but in his interview with CBC he pointed to a statement by former CSIS boss Jim Judd that the intelligence agency spends half its counter - espionage budget dealing with China .
The 3 - megajoule , 35 - kilogram module stores all that excess heat by melting a waxy phase - change material augmented by a variety of other thermal materials .
What exactly these materials are seems to be a trade secret at this point , but by allowing that heat energy to be consumed by melting that waxy substance , the device can pull 230 kilowatts of heat away from the primary weapon .
" To put it into perspective , it 's the equivalent of melting about 20 pounds of ice in 13 seconds , " said Dr. Paul Clark , a manager in Advanced Power Systems at General Atomics , in a press release .
Sid Meier ’s Civilization
V will be coming to the PC this fall , and with it comes a new Civilization experience .
Civilization fans are used to expecting major changes each time a new iteration of the game is released , but this time the major overhaul is taking place in the combat system — the one place where the franchise has stagnated since the original game .
As veteran players know , every Civ game has allowed combat to follow the same essential trends and strategies , which go like this : Build up an army of units , which sit only as defense in your cities , unless you wish to attack someone — at which point it ’s necessary to build a huge stack of units ( sometimes : “ stack of doom ” ) which move all together , space by space toward an enemy city .
When they arrive , they must be thrown against whatever units are stacked in that city until the attacker ’s stack or the defender ’s stack is depleted .
The winner is partly random , and partly dependent upon whose technology is higher , but the only way to have a good chance of successful attack is to have far overwhelming forces .
As I said , this aspect of Civilization has remained since the beginning , making combat in the game difficult to really have fun with .
Civ III attempted to deal with this problem by making military units prohibitively expensive , but all this did was make it more annoying , so that idea was dropped for Civ IV .
Finding a better fix for this issue was a major goal for the Civ V team , and they believe that they have found the answer .
The new game will only allow players to place one military unit on each map space , and no units will ever be allowed to reside inside of the cities .
Cities themselves will have a HP value which must be depleted before enemies can move in .
Additionally , some units will have range attacks , which can safely fire — even over other units — while others can gain attack strength when supported by flanking units .
Finally , the map spaces have been changed from squares to hexes , to stop units from exploiting diagonals to move between obstacles .
All of these changes mean that combat in the new game will be much more tactical , and the map spaces between cities become battlefields , the shape of which will be important to defense of the city .
Another new feature is that influence will now expand one hex at a time ( rather than in big jumps ) , and these individual spaces can even be obtained through gold expenditure , rather than only through culture points .
The AI has also been improved .
Each leader will now have a distinct personality and favorite strategies ( as opposed to only three or four personalities for everyone ) .
They will also recognize when they are failing , so that they may change strategy mid-game .
For example : Napoleon ’s favorite strategy is to overwhelm his opponents with massive foot - armies .
If , however , those armies fail too much ( or if the opponent is impractical to attack ) , he will choose to switch his focus to the space race .
Perhaps he may even pursue a diplomatic victory , choosing which one seems most likely to allow him to win .
This makes the AI more like a human player , and less like an AI drone .
There are also many detail improvements , like an easy to navigate tech tree and multiple graphical tile - sets , so that each continent in a random world can have a distinctive look .
Not many other details have been announced ( for instance , the only thing that we ’ve been told about multi- player is that it will have full Steamworks integration ) , but it ’s clear to see that a lot of work is going into it , and it ’s shaping up to be the best Civilization game yet .
Icrontic Viewpoint :
Rob Updegrove :
Civilization was a defining game for my development as a gamer .
I fondly remember the sense of discovery I felt every time I began a new game in the early years of the series .
Sadly , that feeling began to wane beginning with Civilization 3 .
I did n’t really feel that Civ 3 or 4 had anything really compelling to show that the series was anything other than more of the same with better graphics .
Civ 5 is going to change that for me .
As the Icrontic team sat for the Cilivization 5 demo in the 2 K games theater at E3 2010 , I felt that sense of wonder and discovery return .
The first time I ever sat down to play the first Civilization , I never opened the instruction manual .
Not realizing that units could stack or that multiple units could fortify a city , I laid out my armies in strong strategic defensive positions around my cities , one unit per tile .
My civlization was quickly taken apart by the computer players , as they plowed through my forces and easily into my cities with their stacks of doom .
Civilization 5 is going to allow me to play the game the way I ’ve always wanted to play it .
The combination of the hex tiles and one unit per tile rules are going to open up a new world of strategic capabilities during battle .
As the demonstrator said , the difference is truly night and day .
Bobby Miller :
To me , Civilization V was one of the best of show games .
I did n’t even see it coming .
It took me by complete surprise .
I ’ve always adored the Civilization series , and I knew Civ V would be fantastic , but I was n’t prepared for just how good it was shaping up to be .
Changing the tileset to a hex - based system , rather than square based , is literally going to change everything .
Movement on the maps looks significantly more natural now , and it improves the strategy of combat .
No longer will players need to push diagonally across the world to maximize movement while going directly East or West .
This is a change that Civiliazation has needed for a very long time .
Speaking of combat , I am positively thrilled that they have removed unit stacking .
The age old “ Stack of Doom ” was always a dumb combat mechanic to me .
The new system will make players think differently when they attack or defend , and that to me is single handedly one of the most important overhauls in the new game .
Finally , I am thrilled that Firaxis is dishing out a new , custom built graphics engine for Civ V .
The map itself is much more detailed than it has been in the previous incarnations .
Locations differ as new continents are discovered , which makes the entire map more believable .
The leaders themselves look fantastic , as we were assured that DirectX 11 was being used to the fullest extent to ensure top notch visuals .
Civilization V is going to be the end - all , be - all strategy game .
I cannot wait to buy this game .
Most everything associated with President Obama — his policy platform , his public style , his personal story — have become grist for intense partisan conflict .
I had thought that the one remaining uncontroversial scrap was his endorsement of fatherhood , which he has been doing periodically since he appeared on the public scene .
But even this can now spur outrage , at least by Ira Stoll , who has attracted a lot of attention with a column denouncing Obama 's fatherhood initiative :
President Obama interrupted my Father 's Day with an e-mail announcing the launch of " The President 's Fatherhood and Mentoring Initiative " ... So I ignored my children for a few minutes of Father 's Day and did what the president asked which was to check out the Web site , and especially the government 's " Tips for Parents . "
They were infuriating .
I 'm no technological wizard , so I am not sure how an email " interrupted Father 's Day . "
I have one of those email systems that you only read when you want to check email .
Perhaps Stoll has his email set up to buzz loudly every time a message arrives , and he has n't figured out how to disable the feature .
I would suggest that , if the arrival of an email is going to interrupt Father 's Day , try leaving your computer or smart phone off , or in a different room .
( I thought about emailing this suggestion to Stoll , but I worried the message might interrupt his sleep . )
Also , I 'm pretty sure that when Obama suggested readers check out the web site , the implication was that they should do so when they had some available time .
It was probably not meant to be read as a demand that readers check out the site right then .
But I blame the government for failing to spell this out .
The disclaimer should be made explicit , the way consumer products feature warnings like " Do not jab this product into your eye socket , " in order to account for the wide variety in reading comprehension levels of the American public .
So I can see why Stoll was upset that the government set off his email buzzer , and was further upset by a message that could easily be interpreted as a federal demand that he leave his children and look at a website immediately .
What I do n't understand is why he proceeded to ignore his children further by composing a column on Father 's Day .
Perhaps he did this as a collaborative activity with his children — which , come to think of it , would explain a lot .
Let us proceed to Stoll 's objections with the website :
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran will hand an official letter to the International Atomic Energy Agency chief on Monday about its nuclear fuel swap agreement with Brazil and Turkey , the official IRNA news agency reported on Friday .
Leaders of the three countries announced the agreement , under which Iran will send some of its enriched uranium to Turkey in exchange for fuel rods for a Tehran medical research reactor , on Monday .
U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon said in Istanbul on Friday he hoped the deal would open the way to a negotiated settlement of Iran ’s row with the West over its nuclear programme .
But the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council , after months of negotiations , agreed a draft resolution on a new set of sanctions against Iran that Washington handed to the Security Council on Tuesday .
“ After the joint announcement of Iran , Turkey and Brazil , Iran ’s permanent ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency announced the country ’s readiness to submit the letter to the agency , ” IRNA reported .
“ In a meeting with the agency ’s chief Yukiya Amano on Monday , Iran will hand over the letter , ” the news agency added .
Western powers fear that Iran is secretly trying to produce nuclear weapons , but Tehran denies this and says it is enriching uranium only to produce fuel for nuclear power stations .
Under the agreement , the first batch of Iran ’s uranium would arrive in Turkey within a month , in return for fuel rods to keep a Tehran medical research reactor running .
Such an arrangement was first mooted last October as a way to cut Iran ’s uranium stockpile below the minimum that would be needed for a nuclear weapon if enriched to a high fissile purity -- and buy time for more negotiations .
Turkey and Brazil -- both currently non-permanent members of the Security Council -- and Iran have urged a halt to talk of further sanctions because of the deal , but Western powers suspect it is an Iranian tactic to avert or delay sanctions .
The new , extended sanctions would target Iranian banks and call for inspection of vessels suspected of carrying cargo related to Iran ’s nuclear or missile programmes .
Iranian officials have dismissed the draft resolution as lacking legitimacy , and rejected international demands that it suspend enrichment .
As Americans prepare to honor fallen soldiers this Memorial Day , one former Oregon National Guard member is wondering why he ’s being charged more than $ 3,000 for military gear that was lost after he was shot .
Gary Pfleider , a six - year veteran of the Guard , received a Purple Heart after he was shot by a sniper in Iraq .
Some time later , he received a somewhat less gratifying award : A bill for $ 3,175 for military equipment that was lost when he was shipped out of Iraq for medical treatment .
ADVERTISEMENT
CBS affiliate KVAL in Eugene , Oregon , reports :
Pfleider feels disrespected by the charges .
He said he lost sight of the gear when he left Iraq and believes he should not be responsible for it now … .
Pfleider inventoried his belongings and discovered several personal items and military - issued gear , including clothing , canteens and grenades , were missing .
He believed the supervisors at his former unit in Albany had filed paperwork clearing him of the charges .
But in June 2009 , Pfleider received a bill for $ 3,175.88 .
Shortly afterward , the federal government began taking $ 120 out of his Social Security disability checks each month .
Pfleider said his state and federal tax returns were also frozen .
Pfleider says he can’t work because of his disability — he walks with a cane — and can now no longer afford to visit his daughters in Vancouver , Washington .
Capt .
Stephen Bomar , a spokesman for the Oregon Military Department , told KVAL that it ’s standard procedure for soldiers to be billed for unaccounted - for equipment for which they were responsible .
But he said there is a process in place that allows soldiers in situations like Pfleider ’s to file for reimbursement .
“ Pfleider provided KVAL News with a sworn statement he filed at the Albany Armory in February 2010 , ” the station reports .
The former soldier believes the military lost his paperwork .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I think it ’s just sitting somewhere on somebody ’s desk at Fort Lewis , and they just do n’t want to mess with it because they do n’t think it ’s a big enough issue , ” KVAL quoted him as saying .
Capt .
Bomar said if it turns it was a paperwork mishap on the military ’s part , Pfleider will be reimbursed .
The following was broadcast on KVAL channel 13 in Eugene , Oregon , May 28 , 2010 .
NO CANCER is pleasant , but some are worse than others .
On the scale of oncological nastiness , malignant melanoma is pretty close to the top .
If caught early , when it is still a small , visible tumour on the skin ( as illustrated above ) , melanoma can be excised completely .
Once cells have broken away from the original tumour , though , and colonised other parts of the body , the outlook is grim : death within months , and no effective treatment .
That is why specialists gathered in Chicago for the annual meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology were crowded into the presentation by Stephen O'Day , from the Angeles Clinic and Research Institute in Los Angeles , and Steven Hodi , of the Dana - Farber Cancer Institute in Boston .
These two researchers have been running a full - scale clinical trial of ipilimumab , an antibody that stimulates patients ' immune systems to kill tumours .
Their hope was that those tumours would include the secondaries spun off by melanoma .
And that hope was fulfilled .
Though the prolongation of life offered by the antibody was not huge — 3 ½ months , on average — it was real .
And it was a first .
Small - scale trials of other drugs have suggested such life extension .
This is the only time , though , that tests to the highest scientific standard , that of randomised double - blindness on several hundred people , have demonstrated it beyond doubt for advanced melanoma .
Nor was this the only good news from the meeting .
Another group , led by Bang Yung - jue of Seoul National University College of Medicine in Korea , showed that a drug aimed at a particular genetic mutation dramatically shrinks the tumours of people suffering from one type of lung cancer .
Two other studies , meanwhile , confirmed that a similar approach to chronic myelogenous leukaemia continues to bear fruit .
Taking off the brakes
To demonstrate that their new drug works , Dr O'Day and Dr Hodi randomly assigned 676 people with advanced melanoma to one of three treatments : ipilimumab alone , ipilimumab plus an experimental vaccine , or the experimental vaccine alone .
They discovered that those treated with ipilimumab or ipilimumab plus vaccine lived 50 % longer than those treated with the vaccine alone — surviving an average of ten months compared with 6 ½ .
That was , however , just an average .
Almost a quarter of those treated with ipilimumab were alive two years after treatment started .
That compared with 14 % of those treated just with the vaccine .
Ipilimumab is the first in a new class of drugs , called T - cell - targeted antibodies , that work by taking the brakes off the immune system and thus enabling the patient 's own body to destroy cancer cells .
Although some people experience serious — occasionally even fatal — autoimmune complications when this happens ( one reason why the brakes exist in the first place ) , physicians think such side - effects can be managed , now that they know what to look for .
The drug works by binding to , and disabling , a protein called CTLA4 , which is found on the surface of the immune system 's T - cells .
A second T - cell - related antibody , which binds to a different immune - suppressing protein , PD1 , is being tested in smaller clinical trials .
That antibody could eventually displace ipilimumab , if clinical trials show that it is equally effective and less toxic .
Or , more likely , it could be combined with ipilimumab in order to deliver a double punch .
Investigators also want to combine ipilimumab with drugs that attack the tumour directly .
The most promising is PLX4032 , a molecule which blocks the action of the protein produced by a specific mutation of a gene called B - RAF .
This mutation occurs in 60 % of melanomas .
Initial trials of PLX4032 suggest it may be as good as , or even better than , ipilimumab at improving sufferers ' survival .
A full - scale , double - blind trial is now under way .
A similar approach — of identifying one of the crucial mutations that has led to a cancer arising , and attacking it — is behind Dr Bang 's lung - cancer treatment .
The cancer concerned , known rather cryptically as non-small - cell lung cancer , is actually the most common form of the disease , accounting for about 80 % of cases .
In 2007 a group of researchers discovered that the fusion of two normally independent genes , EML4 and ALK , into one aberrant gene seems to drive the formation of tumours .
Since then it has been found that fused EML4 - ALK causes 3 - 5 % of all non-small - cell lung cancers ( about 10,000 cases a year in America alone ) .
A drug called crizotinib , which blocks the gene 's activity in test - tube experiments , was already in development .
At the meeting , Dr Bang reported the first clinical trial of crizotinib , on 82 patients whose tumours have the EML4 - ALK fusion gene .
Of those given the new drug , almost 90 % showed shrinkage of their tumours and more than half saw those tumours shrink by at least a third .
Moreover , three - quarters of those involved were still responding to treatment after six months .
Defusing cancer
That is significant , for one problem with cancer is that it is constantly changing .
New mutations arise that nullify the effect of existing drugs , and the thing takes off again .
Which is precisely what happens in the case of chronic myelogenous leukaemia .
There is already a targeted treatment for this disease .
Gleevec , probably the most remarkable anti-cancer drug of the past decade , disables the protein encoded by another fused gene , BCR - ABL .
But Gleevac , too , can be bypassed by further mutations of BCR - ABL which allow the tumour cells to grow in the presence of the drug .
By studying where exactly in the DNA sequence those mutations occur , and examining how Gleevec binds to the tumour - promoting protein that results , chemists have designed new compounds to avoid these problems .
Two of these compounds , Sprycel ( dasatinib ) and Tasigna ( nilotinib ) have been used for several years to treat patients whose disease has progressed even though they were taking Gleevec .
However trials reported at the meeting show that the newer drugs also work better than Gleevec in recently diagnosed patients .
Both induce faster and stronger responses than Gleevec does , though it is too early to say if the new agents actually prolong patients ' survival .
The ultimate goal , then , is obvious .
It is to block all of a tumour 's avenues of genetic escape by developing drugs that deal with all the mutations that would allow such a break out .
How many “ all ” is , is as yet unknown .
A project run by the International Cancer Genome Consortium is looking into the matter , by studying tissue from 500 people suffering from each of 50 types of cancer .
But if the escape routes really can be blocked then cancer , eventually , will have no hiding place and a diagnosis need not be the death - sentence it often is today .
Prior to official word from the White House about the fate of Gen. Stanley McChrystal , NBC News reported on Wednesday that the president “ has decided to relieve Gen. Stanley McChrystal of his command over all U.S. military forces in Afghanistan . ”
–KA
MSNBC :
Obama is scheduled to make an official announcement shortly about the general , under fire over his blistering remarks about administration officials quoted in a magazine interview .
Meantime , the Associated Press reported that Obama has chosen Gen. David Petraeus to replace McChrystal as top Afghan commander .
Petraeus now oversees the wars in both Afghanistan and Iraq .
Earlier , McChrystal was seen leaving the West Wing and climbing into a van after his nearly half - hour private showdown with the president .
Read more
Bruno Mars does it again , bringing us another smashing track which is included on his Better If You Don’t Understand EP .
I ’d probably describe Count On Me as a Jack Johnson style track , but with more balls .
Anyway , I ’d love it if you guys could support Bruno , as we obviously have n’t even seen the peak of his talents yet .
If this EP does well in the charts , there is a greater chance that his record label will increase the support and investment they will put behind his full studio album .
No download link on this post I ’m afraid , instead there ’s an iTunes link where you can download the whole EP for a measly $ 3.96 .
A small sum in my opinion for a well crafted set of 4 songs .
Bruno Mars – Count On Me
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
A reader writes :
As a child , I spent many days in the " public " rooms of a Catholic rectory , where the priest had been a second father to my father .
My father 's parents had died in the flu epidemic in Boston in 1917 , and my father was raised by a spinster sister / brother combination , always under the supervision of Fr. ( later Msgr . )
Doolan .
Monsignor Doolan was a second father to him .
( I 've changed his name to ensure anonymity ) .
One summer , I must have been eight or nine years old , a new curate , let 's call him Father Callaghan , said he would take me to a Red Sox game to get me out of the gloomy rooms .
I was thrilled !
Fr. Callaghan was funny and friendly and full of vitality : not at all like a priest , I thought .
I ran to my parents to tell them of this magical intervention .
I 'll never forget old Msgr. Doolan , with his cigar - stained lips and dyspeptic expression , rising from his chair and shouting , " No ! "
No ?
Why , " No ! ? "
Senators could approve an amendment to reestablish the separation between banks ' commercial and investment operations , Sen. Mark Warner ( D - Va. ) suggested .
Warner , a member of the Senate Banking Committee who 's been closely involved in negotiations over a Wall Street reform bill , said that while he opposed such a measure , the Senate could get the votes to reimpose the Depression - era Glass Steagall law .
" It may have a chance , " Warner said during an appearance on C - SPAN's " Newsmakers " of the chances for passage of an amendment to reimpose the law , which was repealed by Congress in 1999 .
The Senate will begin voting on amendments next week to Democrats ' Wall Street reform bill in a bid to improve the legislation and win Republican support for the underlying bill .
Warner said that he expect that process to wrap up by the end of this month , when lawmakers break for a Memorial Day recess .
A bipartisan group of senators have pushed for the reinstatement of Glass - Steagall , which would force banks to separate their commercial and investment activities .
Other key amendments would seek to make more explicit that public funds cannot be used to bail out banks , limit the size of banks , audit the Federal Reserve , and more .
Warner said that he personally opposed the reimposition of Glass - Steagall , reasoning that it would put the U.S. financial services industry at a competitive disadvantage versus firms in other nations .
" I think that we can't unscramble those things .
A lot of senators wish they had their votes back in 1999 when they basically did away with the walls and the barriers between investment banking and banking that Glass - Steagall had in place , " Warner said .
" But the world has changed pretty dramatically . "
The first - term Virginia senator said that the council of regulators called for in the Senate legislation would address problems with the size and activities of firms in a better way than reimposing Glass - Steagall would .
" But let 's let them make that judgment in an orderly fashion , " Warner said of the council of regulators , " rather than potentially putting American firms at a competitive disadvantage to an increasingly interconnected financial world . "
We ’ve seen a huge increase in interest in DVCS and Bitbucket over the last year , and we ’ve decided it ’s time to bring in some more people to help us achieve all that we want to do with Bitbucket .
What we ’ve built so far is only the beginning , and we want you to help us to the next stage .
Specifically , we ’re looking for :
Python / Django programmers
Javascript engineers ( with an eye for design )
Web interface designers ( with Javascript skills )
High - performance , highly - scalable web infrastructure engineers
If you ’re passionate about DVCS , excited about transforming the way people develop software , and believe in Bitbucket , then come be part of our team !
Email your current resume and published work to jesper@bitbucket.org
Here is what needs to be addressed :
RISKY BUSINESS
It was never going to be easy to rein in the multitrillion - dollar market in unregulated derivatives .
The Senate bill went further than the House version in requiring most derivatives to be traded on exchanges and to be processed , or cleared , through a third party to guarantee payment in the case of default .
It still has a gaping loophole : regulators have no clear legal authority to stop or undo a derivatives deal that has not been properly cleared and exchange - traded .
The House bill gives regulators more authority , but a final bill needs clear rules , with clear enforcement .
The Senate bill also waters down the “ Volcker rule . ”
As proposed by President Obama , the rule would bar banks from making market trades for their own accounts and from owning hedge funds and private equity funds .
The Senate calls for a study and a needlessly long implementation process .
The House version — which was passed before the Volcker rule was proposed — only gives regulators the discretion to curb risky trading .
The final bill should implement the Volcker rule without delay .
TOO BIG TO FAIL Both the House and Senate bills establish “ resolution ” procedures for dismantling firms if their failure threatens the system .
The goal is to establish in law that stockholders and unsecured creditors — not taxpayers — will bear the losses of a failure .
The resolution power in the Senate bill is weaker than the House bill because it does not require banks to pay in advance to help cover the operational costs of dismantling a big institution .
( The House bill would create a $ 150 billion fund . )
By making banks pay for the risks they create , a resolution fund could also perform the important function of encouraging them to curtail their riskiest activities .
So British scientists have proved some bones found in Magdeburg Cathedral to be the remains of our Anglo - Saxon Princess Eadgyth .
At least , science helped .
Eadgyth was known to have been buried in Germany : in 2008 archaeologists there opened her tomb , and found a lead box containing bones from a woman of the right age , with an inscription saying they were her remains .
In a more innocent age , this might have been enough to settle the case .
But today we like science , the full CSI drama .
Yet before we get too cynical about Eadgyth ( the science showed that the woman in Magdeburg probably grew up in southern England ) , we should recognise that the technique used is transforming the way we think about our ancient and early historic past .
Something big is going on .
Most of Eadgyth 's skull was missing , but her upper jaw had survived .
This enabled scientists to examine strontium and oxygen isotopes in her teeth .
These are fixed in enamel as it grows , so the isotope signature reflects the source of these elements ( ingested through food and drink ) : and as different teeth grow at different ages , you can map changes through adolescence .
The significance of this is that the isotopes vary according to temperature , altitude , distance from the sea and local geology .
Match teeth with landscape , and you chart early residence and movements .
Fifty years ago , archaeologists ascribed every change in our ancient past to immigration : farming , metals , a new style of cook pot were seen as the marks of waves of invaders .
The subsequent backlash in our thinking saw invasions vanish , and our ancestors branded triumphant , if insular , inventors .
Tooth analysis has blown apart this simple polarity .
The turning point came in 2003 , when Carolyn Chenery and Jane Evans at the NERC Isotope Geoscience Laboratory near Nottingham analysed the remains of a man buried near Stonehenge in 2300 BC .
His grave contained an exceptional collection of artefacts : and his teeth showed he was born in central Europe .
There has since been a succession of revelations .
Recent examples include a Goth from the Black Sea area who died in Roman Bristol , an African on Hadrian 's Wall and a Viking woman in Yorkshire .
More than 50 brutally murdered young men buried in a pit outside Weymouth also turned out to be Vikings .
The science works with animals , too : cattle at a big settlement near Stonehenge had been driven there over huge distances .
This is adding up to a new view of how people in the past moved around .
The analysis of teeth supports neither extreme of migration or isolation , but rather a pattern where small groups or individuals travelled frequently across cultural and geographical divides .
This is about residence and mobility , not ethnicity .
Nonetheless , it seems that , in modern terms , Europe was always a multicultural place .
Mike Pitts is editor of British Archaeology
This is n't a cosplay per se .
It is a Snorlax dress .
Different !
Over on website Deviant Art , ~ bethanyagogo made this Snorlax pocket monster dress because her friend had a Pokémon - themed party .
Advertisement
" I made the dress out of fabric from two XXXL t- shirts [ one in dark teal and one in tan ] , " she writes .
" I screenprinted eyes and mouth , appliqued the tan pieces onto the teal fabric , and sewed it into a strapless bubble - hemmed dress . "
Snorlax dress [ Deviant Art via Albotas ]
It ’s long been assumed — correctly — that a Marine who experiences the psychological trauma of combat in Iraq or Afghanistan has an increased chance of getting into trouble when he comes home .
But two researchers at the Naval Health Research Center in San Diego have found another deployment experience that can be an even greater precursor of bad behavior later : boredom .
A survey of 1,543 Marines at Camp Pendleton , Twentynine Palms , Calif. , and the Marine base in Okinawa , Japan , found that the Marine most likely to disobey orders , get into physical confrontations , neglect his family or run afoul of the police is one who reports that his war zone deployment was marked by boredom .
Dr. Stephanie Booth - Kewley and Robyn Highfill - McRoy of the research center ’s behavioral sciences and epidemiology department reported on their study to the Navy and Marine Corps Combat & Operational Stress Conference this week in San Diego .
Their findings may later be published in the journal Aggressive Behavior .
Of the Marines surveyed , the researchers said , fully one - quarter had had repeated instances of misconduct / misbehavior in the months after returning from deployment ; 17.1 % screened positive for possible post - traumatic stress disorder .
For both PTSD and misbehavior , what the researchers called “ deployment - related stressors ” were a greater factor than combat .
Marines who said their deployment was marked by boredom , monotony , lack of privacy and lack of days off are three times more likely to engage in anti-social behavior than those with different experiences , the researchers found .
Other stressors include family worries , money problems and run-ins with deployed leadership .
The study also concluded that divorced Marines , younger Marines and those with mild traumatic brain injury are also more likely to display such behavior when they return .
The average age of the Marines in the survey was 26 years ; 46 % had been deployed multiple times .
Military boredom has been studied since World War II by a variety of researchers .
A common conclusion is that boredom leads to alienation , followed by resentment and anger .
The findings of the current study take on added significance given the “ non-kinetic ” nature of much of the Marines ’ counterinsurgency mission in Afghanistan .
Few troops will see active combat .
But nearly all will be assigned tasks — standing post , providing security for convoys , repairing vehicles or other equipment , manning communication gear , handling administrative chores — that are important , but lack the excitement that attracts young men and women to enlist in the Marine Corps .
The challenge , the researchers said , is for commanders to maintain troop morale by emphasizing the importance of the mission .
Navy Capt .
Paul Hammer , director of the Naval Center for Combat & Operational Stress Control at Naval Medical Center San Diego , said the findings are not altogether surprising .
“ What ’s the best way to stop being bored ? ” he asked , rhetorically .
“ Get into some trouble . ”
tony.perry@latimes.com
This should come as a surprise to absolutely no one .
For months the California Republican Party has been paying professional petition gatherers to get enough signatures to put up a ballot initiative to repeal AB 32 , California 's climate change legislation passed in 2006 .
At the eleventh hour , they succeeded .
Now that they 've succeeded , huge contributions are flowing into California to make sure the measure passes .
In the name of " corporate speech " , Tesoro has contributed $ 500,000 , Occidental Petroleum $ 300,000 and Valero Energy has contributed $ 1,000,000 .
Those are the ones we know about .
Then there 's the " Adam Smith Foundation . "
The Adam Smith Foundation is a Missouri 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) organization .
It was organized in 2007 .
The Board of Directors is a fairly unknown bunch : Kurt Killen , William Clark Hardin IV , and John Elliott .
John Elliott is a mid-level player and associate of former Missouri Governor Matt Blunt .
Matt Blunt is the son of Rep. Roy Blunt , who is closely linked to Jack Abramoff , Tom Delay , and the rest of the Republican graft gang .
Were it not for the Abramoff connection , Roy Blunt would be sitting in John Boehner 's minority leader seat today .
William Clark Hardin IV is another director .
You can read more about him here .
And then there 's Kurt Killen .
He 's the one who is most interesting to me .
Kurt Killen served in 2003 - 2004 as an officer of the Missouri Republican Party .
Mainstream , straight up Republican who loves Boy Scouts , libraries and ... Rep. Sam Graves , at least enough to donate to him .
In fact , Graves is the only candidate I see any donations going to from Killen in 2008 - 2010 .
Sam Graves is an interesting fellow .
He also has ties back to Abramoff and his Gang of College Republicans .
Major donors include the Busch family , Tony Rudy ( the convicted Abramoff crony ) , and Sheldon Adelson .
Oh , and Kurt Killen has been a member of the Citizens Club for Growth since 2004 .
In 2010 , Sam Graves has received four times as much in campaign contributions from corporate PACs as he has from individual donors .
But the donor who caught my eye is KochPAC .
To review , we have a 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) organization incorporated in Missouri .
Its stated purpose is to " promote conservative principles and individual liberties in Missouri . " ( 2008 990 filing )
On December 31 , 2008 , its net assets were $ 5,300 and 2008 contributions were $ 30,000 .
In April , 2010 this same organization cut a check for $ 498,000.00 to fight a California Ballot Initiative .
One of the directors is a member of the Club for Growth and other directors have ties back to the Missouri Blunt machine , Jack Abramoff , Tom DeLay , and KochPAC .
Who do YOU think wrote the check ?
Here are your choices :
Club for Growth Koch Industries Citizens United
All of the above
And even more ties that bind ... here .
Having a permissive open source policy is important if a company wants to recruit truly stellar programmers .
Or put another way : great programmers will be less inclined to work for you if you have a restrictive open source policy because being involved in open source projects is one of the best ways for a programmer to increase his market value .
Traditional methods for measuring programming ability are ineffective
The job market for programmers , especially the top programmers , is notoriously inefficient .
This inefficiency is due to employers lacking good methods for evaluating programmers .
The standard techniques used to evaluate programmers -- resumes , on - the - spot coding questions , take - home projects -- are at best crude approximations of a programmer 's ability , and none of them will be indicators of the truly visionary people .
Sure , there are other indicators like being involved in successful companies or having past impressive titles , but those are still indirect indicators of programming ability .
If you 're a programmer , this difficulty in measuring your skill means its really difficult to make a potential employer 's perceived value of you match your actual value .
Top programmers are n't differentiated from the next tier of programmers and get badly mispriced in the market .
Top programmers need better mechanisms to communicate their value so that they can be priced more fairly in the market .
Open source makes the market for an individual programmer more efficient
Open source is an equalizer .
An open source project shows how a programmer goes about solving real problems that did n't have serviceable solutions yet .
An open source project has much greater scope than anything that can be given to a programmer in a job interview and shows the kind of quality work a programmer produces from design to implementation to testing .
If you 're an awesome programmer , this means you can significantly reduce that gap between perceived and actual value and be priced more fairly in the job market .
The more mispriced a programmer , the more that programmer should desire being involved in open source to normalize his perceived value .
The most mispriced programmers are those at the high end , the so called " rock stars " and " ninjas " , so these programmers have the most to gain from open source .
A restrictive open source policy prevents stellar programmers from raising their market value
Since the best programmers have a strong incentive to build their open source portfolio , they should avoid working at companies with restrictive open source policies and prefer to work at companies with permissive open source policies .
This means that companies with restrictive open source policies are putting up a barrier to recruiting stellar engineers .
Companies may dislike open sourcing internal projects for a variety of reasons .
They may feel like they are giving code away to potential competitors .
They may not like the fact that they 're making their own employees more expensive by allowing them to normalize their values in the market .
They may feel that open source distracts the team from building out the products of the business .
These are the tradeoffs in having a permissive open source policy and are tradeoffs that must be made to have access to " rock stars " .
Companies receive other benefits from open sourcing projects .
Open source helps give the company a strong technology brand in the engineering community .
Additionally , open source can give the company access to speaking engagements at user groups and conferences which is a great way to get the company 's name out there and source candidates .
Finally , there 's the obvious benefit that the company can receive " free work " from outside contributions to their open source projects .
This knowledge is n't universal yet
A lot of programmers do n't yet realize the value of having an open source portfolio , and there are certainly great programmers working for companies with restrictive open source policies .
However , as more and more programmers realize how open source can increase their value , more and more companies will use a permissive open source policy as a recruitment tool .
For example , my company BackType has a very permissive open source policy , and we 're hiring .
Of course , it takes more than having a permissive open source policy to recruit the superstar programmers .
It 's just that not having a permissive policy will eventually become a barrier to recruiting those programmers at all .
You should follow me on Twitter here .
Space colouring pages to suit children of all ages , some are complicated and some very simple .
This page also has a mix of themes from space people to robots and rocket ships .
Added some new kids space drawings to this section and have been working on the new online space game where you can select from eight images and colour these in using your computer and once finished the final picture can be saved to your computer .
Also check out the robot colouring section filled with robot drawings
A former Washtenaw County sheriff ’s deputy who sued a woman for falsely claiming he raped her was awarded $ 1 million in damages after the woman failed to respond to the lawsuit , county court records show .
Washtenaw County Circuit Judge David Swartz entered an order of default judgment June 16 against Marianne Joseph , who was sued by Deputy Eric Kuhn , records show .
Kuhn testified about “ the effects the false accusations have had on him and his family , ” said his attorney , Rick Convertino .
Records show various attempts were made to serve Joseph with the lawsuit , including by a police officer hired by Convertino 's firm .
The officer visited Joseph 's home in Superior Township on three occasions after the suit was filed Jan. 14 .
According to an affidavit by the officer , he stopped by the home Jan. 21 and saw a woman believed to be Joseph look through the window , but she would n't come to the door .
Four days later , an older woman who said she was Joseph 's mother answered the door , but " advised she could not accept service of the complaint " on Joseph 's behalf , the affidavit says .
The officer stopped by again on Jan. 27 , but there was no answer , the affidavit says .
Other efforts were made to serve the complaint , including by mail , records show .
Joseph was sentenced June 17 , 2009 , to two years of probation after pleading guilty to filing a false police report in the case , records show .
According to the suit , Kuhn arrested Joseph on Oct. 20 , 2008 , after she ran from deputies following a traffic stop in Superior Township .
While Kuhn was driving Joseph to the Washtenaw County Jail , Joseph told him if he did n't loosen her handcuffs , she would claim he raped her , the suit says .
When they arrived at the jail , Joseph followed through with her threat , the suit says .
Kuhn has a federal lawsuit pending against Washtenaw County and sheriff 's Lt. James Anuszkiewicz , alleging Anuszkiewicz , who is white , persisted with an internal investigation into the rape allegation in " whole or in part " because Kuhn is black .
That suit claims Kuhn took medical leave in May 2009 due to " severe emotional stress , " and the county ended his employment after he requested an extension of unpaid leave beyond Jan .
3 .
Lee Higgins is a reporter for AnnArbor.com .
He can be reached by phone at ( 734 ) 623-2527 and email at leehiggins@annarbor.com .
The iPhone Dev Team has just updated PwnageTool to version 4.01 , bringing fix for iBooks on iPhone which was problematic on pwned and hacktivated iOS devices running iOS 4 .
Almost everything else remains the same except for this issue , and so it is recommended that you jailbreak your iPhone again if were having issues with the last release of PwnageTool .
Again , this PwnageTool 4.01 supports iPhone 3GS ( old bootrom and already jailbroken on 3.1.2 ) , iPhone 3G and iPod touch 2G ( non MC model ) .
Jailbreak instructions for PwnageTool 4.01 are exactly similar to the last release i.e. PwnageTool 4.0 .
Simply follow the guide posted here to jailbreak your iPhone 3GS , 3G or iPod touch 2G using iOS 4 custom firmware .
Once you are done with the jailbreak , you can unlock your iPhone ( on any baseband ) using Ultrasn0w 0.93 guide posted here .
Download PwnageTool 4.01
Download iTunes 9.2
Download iOS 4 for iPhone 3GS , 3G and iPod touch 2G
You may also like to check out :
You can follow me on twitter or join our facebook fanpage to keep yourself updated on all the latest jailbreaking and unlocking releases .
Related Stories
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Between April and June 1994 , an estimated 800,000 Rwandans were killed in the space of 100 days .
Thousands of women were also raped .
Sixteen years on from the genocide , Tim Whewell finds the horrors of those months have left their mark on a new generation .
Like 20,000 other Rwandan teenagers , Diane Kayirangwa was born out of the murderous chaos that killed so many in her country in 1994 .
Her father was an unknown member of the Interahamwe - the ethnic Hutu militia licensed by the extremist government then in power to eradicate the Tutsi minority .
Her mother , Anastasie , was one of the Tutsi women targeted .
She survived - but only just .
" I was raped on three occasions in different locations and by many different people , " Anastasie says .
" With the exception of one person , I did n't know who any of them were . "
There was n't even a moment when I did n't love her .
I 've loved her ever since she was born
Rape victim Anastasie , speaking about her daughter
To compound her trauma , Anastasie was forced to leave her native village after she was threatened by neighbours who had killed the rest of her family .
Since then , like many other rape victims , she has been unable to find a husband .
Instead , she provides for her daughter by buying and selling goods in her slum on the edge of the Rwandan capital Kigali .
But , despite all that she has endured , Anastasie says she has never regretted her decision 16 years ago to keep her daughter .
" There was n't even a moment when I did n't love her .
I 've loved her ever since she was born , " she says .
" My family gave her horrible nicknames like ' hyena ' .
But I 've never wanted anything bad to happen to her . "
A difficult bond
One of the most difficult moments , Anastasie recalls , was explaining to her daughter about the circumstances of her birth .
" Diane had already asked me .
I told her when she was about 12 years old .
She was grown up .
I told her when we were alone , " she says .
" It pained her .
She cried , she stood up and she moved here and there because of anger . "
I did n't see him as my child .
I did n't love him at all
The mother of a boy born of rape But Anastasie managed to convince her daughter that she loved her enough for two parents .
" [ Then ] she asked me if she was Hutu , " Anastasie continues .
" I told her that she was not Hutu , she was , rather , Tutsi because she was being cared for by me , because I was persecuted because of my tribe .
But today we are all Rwandans because the issue of tribes is over . "
For another mother and victim of rape , who does not want to be named , forming a bond with her child was not quite so easy .
After her son was delivered amid the squalor of a refugee camp , her first thought was to get rid of him down a latrine .
" I did n't see him as my child .
I did n't love him at all , " she says .
" In him , I saw the image of spears .
I saw machetes .
I saw very bad things , " she continues .
' I 've changed '
Like all children born of rape during the Rwandan genocide , her son will soon turn 16 .
But he does n't yet know the circumstances of his birth and knows nothing of his mother 's struggle .
Many women make ends meet by buying and selling goods
But now , thanks to the support of other survivors of rape , his mother has learned to separate her son from the hatred she feels for those who raped her .
" I saw him as a killer , a son of a killer - but , of course , he was innocent , it was n't him who did these things .
I found other women who had similar problems as me .
I did n't know that there were others who suffered the same .
I thought I was alone , " she says .
" So now I 've changed .
Now he sees that I 'm close to him .
We go out together .
We walk around in Kigali . "
However , she knows that one day she will have to tell her son about what happened .
But for now , she has great ambition for him .
" I would like to get a sponsor to help him to get education so that when he grows he will be able help himself and others , " she says .
Whether Rwanda 's children of rape are able to escape its stigma will be , perhaps , a measure of how far the country itself has managed to put its violent past behind it .
For her part , Anastasie is confident her daughter Diane will not be defined by the identity of her father .
" A proverb says , ' Upbringing is better than being born ' .
Besides , she is a child born in a different Rwanda .
I hope that her future will be good , " she says .
" Memories of 1994 are not brought back by Diane .
1994 is no longer prevailing in me .
Instead of remembering 1994 , I think what my children would eat - their education .
1994 is no longer in me . "
Watch Tim Whewell 's film in full on Newsnight on Wednesday 30 June 2010 at 10.30 pm on BBC Two , then afterwards on the BBC iPlayer and Newsnight website .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Meet the Profit - Maximizing DJ
Yale Fox , a professional DJ , has applied a more scientific approach to his job than most : he studies nightclub behavior and tries to respond in a profit - maximizing way .
His undergraduate thesis aimed to “ determine a format that provided maximal amount of customer satisfaction and highest bar ?
revenues . ”
So when he ’s working , Fox plays a carefully calculated mix of songs balancing genre , gender , and so on .
Check out his blog for more on the psychology of music , including a discussion of a paper on the “ Manilow Method — a technique used to deter local youths from late - night loitering and noise - making .
Essentially , a combination of Barry Manilow ’s greatest hits and classical music were blasted from a local parking lot that was typically overrun with loitering teens . ”
We blogged about this a while back ; for the most part , the Manilow Method worked .
[ % comments ]
all of the above plus an original sketch of one of the pages from the comic book with a copy of the actual finished page .
Limited to 11 from this comic book .
I also have three from the first comic book .
Less
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Untapped mineral deposits in Afghanistan may be worth more than $ 1 trillion , a finding that could reshape the country ’s economy and help U.S. efforts to bolster the war - battered government , Pentagon officials said on Monday .
An aerial view of Kandahar is seen from a blackhawk helicopter over Afghanistan , May 7 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
Afghanistan has significant deposits of copper , iron ore , niobium , cobalt , gold , molybdenum , silver and aluminum as well as sources of fluorspar , beryllium and lithium , among others , a task force studying the country ’s resources found .
“ It ’s certainly potentially good news , especially for Afghanistan , ” said Pentagon spokesman Colonel David Lapan .
“ If we can assist the Afghans in developing these resources , it certainly has the potential for adding a lot to their economy . ”
Deputy Undersecretary of Defense Paul Brinkley , who headed the task force , said the findings showed Afghanistan a path “ toward its own economically sovereign capability to finance its own human and security needs . ”
Experts cautioned the challenge to exploiting Afghanistan ’s mineral wealth was huge and could take decades to overcome .
The country has little mining infrastructure , is in the midst of a wrenching war and has a reputation for government corruption .
Mineral wealth in Afghanistan is scattered throughout the country , including along the border with Pakistan , where the Taliban - led insurgency is the most intense .
“ This is an uphill climb for Afghanistan , ” State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said , adding the United States was helping Afghan officials develop a system to fairly distribute future revenues .
“ We ’re not underestimating the challenges involved here . ”
The extent of Afghanistan ’s mineral wealth was identified by a task force that included members from the Pentagon , State Department and U.S. Geological Survey working in conjunction with officials from the Afghanistan Ministry of Mines .
A briefing paper released by the Pentagon said the main resources were iron ore with an estimated value of nearly $ 421 billion and copper deposits valued at $ 273 billion .
The minerals survey was part of a broader effort to identify the economic potential of Iraq and Afghanistan and help the governments develop the international business relations to exploit their resources .
“ This really is part and parcel of Gen. ( Stanley ) McChrystal ’s counterinsurgency strategy , ” Lapan said .
“ This is that whole economic arm that we talk about but gets very little attention . ”
The Afghan review was initially carried out in 2006 and 2007 , but the task force focused primarily on Iraq .
With the drawdown of U.S. forces in Iraq , the task force turned its attention back to Afghanistan and did a follow - up assessment .
The assessment concluded the scale of Afghanistan ’s mineral wealth “ was much bigger ” than initially realized , Lapan said .
An estimate based on mineral prices late last year concluded Afghanistan was sitting on mineral wealth of $ 1 trillion , a figure Afghan President Hamid Karzai mentioned at a news conference January 31 .
Lapan said that figure may be low .
“ There ’s ... an indication that even the trillion dollar figure underestimates what the true potential might be , ” Lapan told reporters at the Pentagon .
Officials said the trillion dollar figure did not include known oil and gas reserves or the value of expected deposits of minerals like lithium that have not been verified scientifically to the point of being able to estimate a value .
Brinkley said what was important was the mineral deposits were large enough to give Afghanistan its own economic sovereignty .
“ This is a country that has an $ 800 million annual budget , that depends on the international community for the vast majority for the cost of its security , its development , ” he said .
“ So what ’s relevant about the number ... is the Afghan people ... have a source of indigenous wealth that , properly developed , will enable them to be sovereign . ”
But resources are likely to pose challenges as well .
Robert Lamb , an expert in post - conflict reconstruction at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , said if the minerals were to help produce a positive outcome to the U.S. - led war in Afghanistan , their exploitation had to be managed carefully and ordinary Afghans needed to benefit .
“ This is one of those cases where U.S. interests are much more aligned with the interests of common Afghan citizens , ” he said .
“ Whatever system of revenue sharing is set up , people who live in the area where the mines are ... they should be seeing some of the financial benefits of those mines . ”
News of the country ’s untapped wealth is likely to intensify competition among regional players such as China , India and even Russia for a greater role in exploiting those resources .
Two Chinese firms have committed themselves to a $ 4 billion investment in the vast Aynak copper mine , south of Kabul , the biggest non-military foreign investment so far in the country .
Another big contract to mine an estimated 1.8 billion tons of high - quality iron ore in the remote mountainous region of Hajigak is expected to open for international bidding this year .
Firms from India and China are eyeing the contract , which the Afghan mines ministry says covers the largest unmined iron deposit in Asia .
by
In the past twenty years , the co nsumption of Japanese products in America has grown exponentially , and the consumption of its food is no exception .
However , it is not simply the food that is desired in the West – it is the aspect of Japanese “ cool ” that surrounds it .
In his article “ Japan ’s Gross National Cool , ” Douglas McGray writes that Japanese products are desirable because they contain a “ whiff of Japanese cool , ” meaning they have something novel , something “ Japanese , ” that makes them more attractive to the West .
This “ Japaneseness , ” whether authentic or not , is what is desired and paid for in the West as much as the food itself .
Through examining the way Japanese food - related products are marketed and perceived in the West , one may see that while the food may be delicious , it is the “ whiff of Japanese cool ” that strongly appeals to Western tastes .
The growth of Japanese cuisine ’s popularity in America can be easily tracked over the last few decades , with the surge of Japanese food in the West beginning near the crash of Japan ’s “ bubble economy ” in the early 1990s .
The loss of economic power was replaced with cultural dominance in other countries , and Japanese food in the West is an example of Japan ’s increased presence in foreign markets .
According to Ray Isle in his Food & Wine article “ Sushi in America , ” the number of sushi restaurants has quintupled in 1988 .
Benihana , one of the most well - known Japanese steakhouses in the United States , grew from twenty restaurants to eighty - eight since 1995 .
Benihana , a Japanese steakhouse chain founded in New York in 1964 by Tokyo - born Rocky Aoki , exemplifies the success of utilizing Japanese cool in the marketing of a product , even if the product may not be essentially Japanese .
On the company website , Benihana restaurants are called “ traditional Japanese hibachi steakhouses . ”
However , the first teppanyaki - style restaurant in Tokyo , Misono , was not founded until 1945 .
Even then , such steak houses in Japan were meant to cater to foreigners ( Steinberg 157 ) .
Currently , teppanyaki cooking in Japan is most often a “ do - it - yourself ” process in which the diner is responsible for cooking his or her own food .
Despite the lack of authenticity of Japanese steakhouses in general , Benihana places a strong focus on its roots in Japanese culture .
Customers are not simply paying for food – they are paying for the Benihana “ experience , ” which the company asserts is very Japanese .
The company has an entire section of its website devoted to the aspects of the restaurant that are seen as Japanese in nature , from its use of bamboo in its tables to the chopsticks offered to guests .
The over - the - top performances of their chefs are said to be inspired by “ the art of performance ” in Japan , with a paragraph about Kabuki following even though Kabuki has little to do with the spatula - swirling and onion volcanoes associated with the restaurant .
The attempt establish a sense of Japanese tradition extends even further , as one even sees Japanese steakhouse chefs being compared to samurai or ninjas , with various videoson Youtube promoting that image .
While the “ Japaneseness ” of these restaurants is often vague or even manufactured , such aspects are emphasized because they appeal to the consumer of Japanese cool .
The description of Japanese cooking in books and articles targeted towards Western audiences also contributes to this desirability of Japanese foods .
Traditional Japanese cooking is almost always presented as mysterious , beautiful , ancient and even spiritual in these texts , as exemplified in Byalan Brown ’s article “ Zen Palate . ”
He describes a trip to Kyoto , which he praises as a picturesque “ window to the past , ” with architecture , traditions and cuisine infused with the spirit of Zen Buddhism .
He focuses on the kaiseki , the multi-course meal served to tea ceremony attendants .
The cuisine and customs are regularly contrasted with the West – the portion sizes are tiny in comparison , Western dishes are dull and unimaginative compared to the seasonal Japanese ones , the slurping of tea is polite — all the while painting Japan as an exotic and novel place where food is characterized by exotic practices and spiritual traditions .
These exotic perceptions transfer over to the Western consumer , who may feel more tied to Japanese traditions when they pick up their chopsticks to eat sushi at a high - end restaurant .
Sushi , and to a lesser extent other traditional Japanese cuisine , has become associated with sophistication and a higher social class .
On the website Stuff White People Like , an entire section is devoted to poking fun at the “ yuppie ” culture ’s regard for sushi .
In the article , the food is described as exotic , expensive and only appealing to those who are educated enough to truly understand it .
An individual ’s taste in sushi places them in a sort of class hierarchy , with those who simply buy California rolls at Trader Joe ’s at the bottom and those who speak Japanese when they order at sushi bars at the top .
A large part of sushi’s appeal , as it is presented in the West , is that it can be enjoyed only by those worldly enough to comprehend its intricate nature and the culture that surrounds it .
Multiple books are devoted to teaching Westerners about sushi , claiming that upon finishing the work , the reader will be versed in the art of sushi to impress all their acquaintances with their extensive Japanese culinary knowledge .
Dave Lowry ’s
The Conoisseur ’s Guide to Sushi promises to take those truly interested in learning the mysteries of sushi and turn them into “ sushi snobs , ” people well versed in “ sushi lore ” who will impress even Japanese sushi chefs with their authority on the subject .
In his book , sushi is presented as too complex for the average Western consumer to eat without embarrassing themselves .
His tone may be comedic , but the sentiment remains — sushi is a sophisticated food , and it is only for the most sophisticated of consumers .
While sushi and more traditional Japanese foods may be perceived as fare for those of higher class seeking to be more worldly and refined , not all Japanese food is consumed in the West with that attitude .
Japanese snack food has experinced increased popularity in the West over the past few years , with its greatest audience being a younger generation more concerned with novelty and trendiness than class and sophistication .
The consumption of Japanese snacks has seen so much growth in the West that japanesesnacks.com , a website once dedicated to the sale of Japanese snack foods , expressed pride in being “ a pioneer in the Jsnack movement . ”
The site , which is no longer selling any product due to oversaturation of the market by copycat stores , mentions that its main customers were curious Americans .
A major marketing strategy for these snacks among Western audiences is the portrayal of these foods as strange , fun , and exotic .
There are several blogs , such as The Japanese Food Snack Review , that play into this perception as they focus solely on trying different Japanese snacks for the novelty of consuming something unknown and Japanese .
Japanesesnacks.com also mentions regular customers being “ hardcore hardcore fans of Japanese Animation , console games , and scifi entertainment . ”
The allure of Japanese cool thus encompasses multiple areas of consumption , as those who like anime and Japanese video games are inclined to become fans of Japanese cuisine .
Jbox.comgoes so far as to sell Japanese snacks and bento on the same site as Japanese DVDs and manga .
The true allure of Japanese cool in regards to food can possibly be seen best in the Western consumption of non-food items shaped like Japanese food .
There is a multitude of sushi- shaped products in America – one can find sushi ties , sushi staplers , sushi pillows , sushi earrings , and sushi earbuds on many Western websites .
The Japanese food craze is even visible in Hollywood , as the singer Katy Perry wore a leotard covered in sushi during her performance at the MTV Video Music Awards .
Even with the culinary draw of food gone , the “ Japanese cool ” remains and continues to appeal to Western consumers .
They are drawn to the food even when they can not eat it .
Are there certain aspects of Japanese cuisine that make it seem more exotic and desirable to Western consumers ?
What ways have you seen Japanese foods marketed , and have they contributed to this Western perception of Japanese cuisine as mysterious , novel , or intriguing ?
Is Japanese food more reflective of Japanese culture than the cuisine of other countries ?
Sources
McGray , Douglas .
“ Japan ’s Gross National Cool . ” Foreign Policy 45 .
Print .
Steinberg , Rafael .
The Cooking of Japan. 1st ed. New York , New York : Time - Life Books , 1969 .
157 . Print .
Entry contributed by Katie Johannes
Hanna - Barbaric
Posted May 27 , 2010 at 8:01 pm
It would seem that the Ghostly Pirate Ship was n't so supernatural after all .
This strip made me laugh , hard , while doing it .
So , really I 'm not too worried if anyone else thinks it 's funny because I got enough enjoyment out of it for everyone .
It 's good to make yourself laugh sometimes ... and with John and George leaping to conclusions ... I did just that .
President Barack Obama 's recent domestic and foreign policy accomplishments indicate that his ambitious agenda is coming to fruition .
By contrast , Senator John McCain , Obama 's opponent in the 2008 election , appears to be selling his political soul in an effort to survive a tough Republican primary challenge in Arizona .
Their dichotomous current realities are reflections of how they managed their respective presidential runs .
In the case of Obama , he began preparing himself to save the US economy even before he got to the White House .
During the last half of 2008 , when the US financial institutions were in freefall , the president - to - be consulted the country 's top economic decision - makers and other trusted advisers on a daily basis – sometimes for hours .
Today , although the recession is not over , Obama 's administration has arguably saved the country 's economy from total collapse – just like he said he would .
The president also achieved monumental legislative victories in his first 15 months in office .
He signed into law a bill reforming the US healthcare system and revamped the US federal student loan programme – just like he said he would .
In the foreign policy realm , the ink is still fresh on a new nuclear arms control treaty with Moscow – a big step toward " resetting " the US - Russian bilateral relationship – just like he said he would .
Earlier this month , Obama played host to 47 world leaders in Washington to discuss how the global community can secure the world from nuclear terrorism .
The Nuclear Security Summit was the largest meeting among world leaders since countries came together in San Francisco to discuss the founding of the United Nations in 1945 .
One of the outcomes was an agreement to secure or destroy hundreds of thousands of tonnes of weapons - grade nuclear fuel by the year 2014 .
Obama has also positively changed the tone on the international arena and sharply improved the US image around the world – just like he said he would .
Senator McCain , on the other hand , is on the verge of being ousted in his party 's primary election in Arizona this August .
McCain is facing a serious challenge from a former talk - show host , JD Hayworth , who charges that McCain is not conservative enough to represent the Grand Canyon state .
Hayworth calls himself the conservative candidate , a branding that seeks to win over the more passionate , more conservative , more - likely - to - go - to - the - polls voters .
These probable voters , many which associate themselves with the Tea Party movement , are part of the far right wing of the Republican party – the wing of the GOP that McCain despises .
Ironically , the rise of this far - right bloc in American politics , which now threatens the war hero 's political career , is partially McCain 's own fault .
McCain 's panicked last - minute decision to choose Sarah Palin to be his vice - presidential running mate is backfiring on McCain and other moderate Republicans .
The half - term Alaskan governor is not the founder of the Tea Party movement , but she fuels it with phony and uninformed slogans at the events .
McCain 's choice for vice - president may prove to be the biggest political blunder of his entire career – a decision made without proper vetting in a last - ditch attempt to revive a campaign lacking both money and message .
Choosing Palin was no doubt a bridge to nowhere for McCain , while it provided a radical , political near - nobody with a national platform during and beyond the election .
Palin has endorsed McCain 's re-election campaign , but the initial bump in the polls her support brought almost immediately levelled out .
And the senator is doing himself no favours by reversing his position on a slew of important policy issues and rejecting his status as an independent - minded political warrior .
His out - of - character behaviour has resulted in ridicule even from old admirers .
The Daily Show's Jon Stewart recently mocked McCain for changing his positions on the " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy of the US military , on redistribution of wealth and on embracing far right political figures that he previously denounced .
Stewart also questioned the state of McCain 's soul after Newsweek quoted the four - term Senator saying , " I never considered myself a Maverick . "
The ironic twist for McCain is unfortunate , coming after decades of admirable service , first in the US military and later as an elected official .
Throughout his political life , McCain was frequently the voice of reason across the political spectrum .
Now , however , he has pulled out all the stops to tailor his message to the ultra - conservative primary election voters – a group that he used to disagree with almost as much as he does with the left wing of the Democratic party .
At times , the 73 - year - old has even retreated to infantile tantrums .
After the end of the heated healthcare reform debate , McCain threatened that Obama should not expect any GOP co-operation for the rest of the year .
Such language is more in line with the partisan hacks , the very same from whom he spent his political career differentiating himself .
The trajectory between a winner and a loser in presidential politics will naturally differ .
McCain 's case is , however , tragic because he seems to have lost much more than an office in the process .
Early retirement , a shattered legacy and being partly responsible for the greatest radicalisation of American political discourse in recent history could ultimately be the result of McCain 's 2008 presidential attempt .
Obama 's presidency , on the other hand , continues to soar .
His current mission is to overhaul US financial regulations ; if successful , Obama will have accomplished another major objective on his ambitious agenda – just like he said he would .
Patti Smith rates damn near the top of our list of heroes .
We swooned over her graduation speech at Pratt last month .
Now , Boing Boing has uncovered a much less polished , but equally charming vintage video of Smith on a show called Kids Are People Too in 1979 .
Asked about the punk movement , an endearingly blunt Smith tells the show ’s host , “ The whole thing of punk rock is , like , newspapers and media have blown it out of proportion .
But the main thing of it is , rock ‘n roll is getting back in the hands of the people .
It belongs to the kids again , not the big business guys . ”
She admits that she may just be the female Mick Jagger and tells an ecstatic girl that she wanted to be a missionary as a kid .
And then , she sings a startlingly beautiful version of “ You Light Up My Life , ” dedicated to “ 1979 , the year of the child . ”
Wine Announcement
The Wine development release 1.2 - rc1 is now available .
This is the first release candidate for Wine 1.2 .
It marks the beginning of the code freeze period .
Please give this release a good testing to help us make 1.2 as good as possible .
What 's new in this release ( see below for details ) : - Many new toolbar icons .
- Support for alpha blending in image lists .
- Much more complete shader assembler .
- Support for Arabic font shaping and joining . - A number of fixes for video rendering .
- Font antialiasing configuration through fontconfig .
- Improved handling of desktop link files .
- Various bug fixes .
The source is available from the following locations : http://ibiblio.org/pub/linux/system/emulators/wine/wine-1.2-rc1.tar.bz2
http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/wine/wine-1.2-rc1.tar.bz2
Binary packages for various distributions will be available from : http://www.winehq.org/site/download
You will find documentation on http://www.winehq.org/site/documentation
You can also get the current source directly from the git repository .
Check http://www.winehq.org/site/git for details .
Wine is available thanks to the work of many people .
See the file AUTHORS in the distribution for the complete list .
----------------------------------------------------------------
Bugs fixed in 1.2-rc1 : 4654 ebase
Pro 2.12 does n't start properly -- missing plugin 4805 Direct music loader release 5616 Wanted : testing framework for bundled Winelib programs 6341 WEB .
DE Messenger crashes 6533
Type mismatch 13 Error shows up in a VB - App. 7594
Wine window scrolling is broken 7797 Knight Rider runs extremely slowly 7950 DirectX strange render window cutoff in Candytron both Party and Final version 8287 Custom toolbar skin makes Irfan View 4.00 crash at start up 9263 Guild Wars terribly slow 9958 OleLoadPicturePath ( ) should initialize COM apartment on its own if not previously done .
10583 Fonts : Subpixel hinting , No RGB or BGR 11892 GdipCreateBitmapFromFile & GdipCreateBitmapFromStream give upside down bitmap 11896 Civilization4.exe crashes because of unimplemented functions in msvcp71 12590 Yahoo widget engine 4.5 , blank box , not being able to do anything 12869 Rollcage Stage II demo crashes 13278 Qtracker crashes 13579 Adobe Acrobat Standard 7 -- using menus on first startup causes X to freeze 14079 Dungeon Siege installation impossible 14195 EINTR in WS_select 14262 Wordview bullet in doc is not the same 14710 OleLoadPicturePath loads image in windows but not in wine , could cause access violation in some circumstances 14861 SetDIBits crashes with overlapping src/dst rectangles on the same bitmap 14891 Bitmaps with offset bits do not display correctly 15329 Unable to install Sony Picture Utility , Failed to load DLL Localesetting 15928 EasyPlot does n't work 15969 Unsigned v1.2.1.93 installer crashes near the end of installation on first run 16602 Citrix ICA16 Client installer crashes after extraction 17058 Crayon Physics Deluxe - fullscreen does n't work properly 17113 Electronic dictionary application 17166 Implement BiDi mirroring 17712 Installshield does n't like spaces in uninstall shortcuts 17811 T - Online Browser : Bitmaps invisible ( GdipCloneBitmapAreaI is a stub ) 17860 Microsoft Office 2007 crashes on specific powerpoint file in gdi32 / enhmetafile 18059 Unity Indie Trial exits because attrib.exe is missing 18291 Quicktime uninstaller shortcut fails 18625 Everest Poker startup text slightly off - centre 18757 Album software Foto de Klijne crashes on startup 18982 Word 2007 tab stop selection is invisible 18993 Shadows and selection circles z - fight in World of Warcraft 19234 Emperor fails to change resolution or be fullscreen 19848 Arma 2 : Crash on startup 19877 Zeta Minibrowser crashes ( because of stubbed CreateHardLinkW ) 20204 enhanced metafile retrieval fails and crashes clipboard test 20210 Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 Expansions : Crashes to desktop while loading .
20533 Random black artifacts while playing The Settlers - 10th Anniversary - Demo 20676 winedbg minidumps can not be loaded by WinDbg 21287 Miranda appearance is broken in many ways 21376 The Bat ! - Access Violations on attachement view 21443 CryptSignHash ( ) fails when CryptCreateHash ( ) ALG_ID is set to CALG_SSL3 _SHAMD5 21829 Kurso3 hangs in the end of install 21978 Gestan does not install 22114 Supreme Commander 2 : User interfaces flickers and some UI elements are missing 22140 Unexpected bold font in CDBurnerXP Pro 3 22162 Knights of the Old Republic : Cursor Does n't Show 22211 HTML - Kit
Tools trial exits silently while displaying its splash screen 22252 Rhiannon installer hangs : possibly caused by a regression 22272 CDBurnerXP crashes if a data disc is inserted 22284 Osmos : mouse pointer disappears in the menus 22290 PlayOnline viewer can't be resized in windowed mode 22334 Hearts of Iron III - missing texture on initial window 22353 Application written in VB6 crashes when setting the .colwidth property of a msflexgrid 22356 Jedi Knight : Dark Forces II - weapons flicker 22435
Wine un-highlights selected text when right button is clicked 22443 AutoCAD 2008 : Icons have pinky background in " filter applied " drop down menu 22444 AutoCAD 2008 :
No icons in drop down menu 22453 Office 2007 text is not visibily highlighted 22455 Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic does not start 22457 Disabled toolbar icons are black 22463 mouse cursor display broken 22535 King 's Bounty Armored Princess graphics glitches 22543 winedbg crashes on startup in combination with crysis 22601 .
NET Framework 2.0 installer displays crash dialog , fails with " function failed " error message 22624 multithread app using GDI and directx may cause deadlock 22625
No card selector available for GL vendor 3 and card vendor 8086 22632 Blitzkrieg game crashes when using ' Save ' option 22646 Modern Warfare 2 : Fog and smoke rendered incorrectly 22650 Time of Defiance login attempt results in WSAIoctl unsupported WS_IOCTL cmd ( 9800000c ) 22653 Serif WebPlus X2 does not install 22657 3D Mark 2001se - Car Chase - High Detail shows black screen 22666 wine64 : does not create a proper WINEPREFIX when - O0 is used , breaks winetest 22676 Total Commander icons do not appear in the task bar 22694 Spiceworks crashes during install 22699 Swapchain_blit enhancement introduces y- axis inversion 22704 Dungeon Keeper 2 shows X - cursor 22709 crypt32 does n't support wildcard certificates with alternate name extension 22717 duplicate symbols in ldt . c ... bad inline asm 22735 Resize of PlayOnline viewer 's window makes it 's content upside down 22746 CDBurnerXP 3.0.x uses a wrong / invisible cursor on its mode selection screen 22750 ControlSpy message parameters listboxes do n't have frames 22755 Installer program of " de rouck " freezes 22758 MS Office 2007 : riched20 assertion failure in CDKey registration screen 22792 VLC Media Player crashes on first run ----------------------------------------------------------------
Changes since 1.1.44 : Aleksey Bragin ( 1 ) : winex11.drv : Fix SetCursor entry in the spec file .
Alexander N. Sørnes ( 2 ) : shell32 : Update Norwegian Bokmål translation .
wineboot : Update Norwegian Bokmål translation .
Alexandre Julliard ( 49 ) : include : Force inlining exported API functions to avoid duplicate definitions .
winex11 : Fix source / dest width mismatch in SetDIBits .
user32 : Fix checking of show count in ShowCursor .
winex11 : Take into account the cursor show count when setting the initial cursor for a window .
winex11 : Select for EnterNotify events on the desktop window in order to update the cursor .
winex11 : The startscan line is relative to the destination in SetDIBits .
comctl32 : Apply the imagelist mask when alpha blending .
server : Return the cursor information for a thread input , and use it for GetCursorInfo .
winex11 : Update the cursor also for events ignored by a hook .
ws2_32/tests : Fix non-portable syntax .
comctl32 : Make ImageList_AddMasked call ImageList_Add instead of duplicating the functionality .
comctl32 : Generate an alpha channel if necessary when adding images to a 32 - bit imagelist .
comctl32 : Also generate an alpha channel when replacing an image or icon in an imagelist .
comctl32 : Store an alpha channel present flag for each image in an imagelist .
comctl32 : Always alpha blend images for 32 - bpp imagelists .
Fix the bitmap info size computation when masks are present .
ntdll : Preserve registers in call_thread_entry_point on x86_64 . server :
Make sure a thread does n't get freed while it 's processing a request .
comctl32 / imagelist : Pre-multiply the colors by the alpha channel when storing an image with alpha .
comctl32 / imagelist : Generate the mask from the alpha channel if present .
comctl32 / imagelist : Fix the allocated size of the has_alpha array .
configure : Rename the 64 - bit loader to wine64 and keep wine always for the 32 - bit loader .
winedbg :
Do n't install the man page in a wow64 build .
ntdll : Avoid a compiler warning on NetBSD .
winex11 : Use the subpixel rendering configuration from fontconfig to override the registry options .
gdi32 : Pre-multiply RGB values by alpha for subpixel font rendering .
comctl32 / imagelist : Do n't pre-multiply the stored image , do it only at blending time .
winex11 : Force alpha channel to 0 when blitting to depth 32 from a lower depth .
krnl386.exe : Call the 32 - bit string functions that contain exception handlers .
winecfg : Do n't crash when DllOverrides contain invalid values .
winex11 : Make sure that all fontconfig support is properly #ifdef 'ed .
configure : Add a compatibility macro for AS_VAR_IF .
libwine : Generate Unicode data for Arabic shaping .
winex11 : Add some tracing to the fontconfig subpixel code .
comctl32 / imagelist : Clear pixels that fall outside the mask when generating an alpha channel .
user32 : Ignore the bitmap offset if it 's not set .
user32 : Define an explicit structure for storing the cursor data .
user32 : Store color and mask bitmaps in the cursor data .
user32 : Store a pre-computed alpha bitmap for 32 - bpp icons with an alpha channel .
user32 : Use the stored color and mask bitmaps instead of the raw bits in DrawIconEx .
user32 : Use the stored color and mask bitmaps instead of the raw bits in GetIconInfo .
winex11 : Fix a bitmap leak when setting the small icon hints .
winex11 : Move X11 locking inside the cursor creation functions .
winex11 : Retrieve the cursor info with GetIconInfo to create a color cursor .
winex11 : Reimplement creation of Xlib cursors to use the bitmaps returned by GetIconInfo .
winex11 : Create X11 cursors on demand when the cursor is set to a window .
user32 : Remove the CURSORICONINFO parameter in the CreateCursorIcon driver entry point .
user32 : No longer store the icon bits in the icon object .
user32 : Get rid of the CURSORICONINFO structure in icon objects .
Andrew Eikum ( 3 ) : user32 : Do n't use DLGTEMPLATE 's ExStyle when creating dialogs .
comctl32 / listview : Derive subitem rect from listview origin .
Revert " user32 : Do n't use DLGTEMPLATE 's ExStyle when creating dialogs . " .
Andrew Nguyen ( 9 ) : urlmon : Validate URL and output pointer in CreateURLMoniker .
urlmon/tests : Fix CoInternetCompareUrl failure message typos .
oleaut32 : Improve parameter validation in OleLoadPicturePath .
oleaut32 : Convert file URLs to DOS paths for special handling in OleLoadPicturePath .
oleaut32 : Implicitly initialize COM in OleLoadPicturePath .
oleaut32/tests : Update a comment about PNG support in OLE picture tests .
ole32 : Validate pointer parameters in MkParseDisplayName .
ole32/tests : Add tests for output parameters in MkParseDisplayName .
urlmon : Validate parameters in MkParseDisplayNameEx .
Andrey Turkin ( 8 ) : oleaut32 : Add handling of some more VARIANT types in typelibs .
oleaut32 : Implement ICreateTypeInfo2::SetCustData method .
oleaut32 : Implement ITypeInfo:: GetDocumentation .
oleaut32 : Fix ICreateTypeLib2::SetFuncAndParamNames .
oleaut32 : Implement ICreateTypeInfo2::SetFuncCustData .
oleaut32 : Distinguish between variables and functions in ICreateTypeInfo functions .
oleaut32 : Set flag for retval params in ICreateTypeInfo:: AddFuncDesc. kernel32 : Implement CreateHardLink .
André Hentschel ( 10 ) : oleaut32 : Check if the delimiter is a date delimiter .
winemaker : Check for more project files .
winemaker : Clean up target type handling .
winemaker : Add missing linefeed .
wordpad : Update German translation .
wmc : Remove 10 year old unmaintained file .
progman : Remove redundant license info .
progman : Remove redundant warranty info .
start : Update German translation .
msvidc32 : Be less picky with formats .
Aric Stewart ( 6 ) : usp10 / test : Initialize local structures .
usp10 : Add ETO_IGNORELANGUAGE
when calling ExtText
Out so we do not re-reverse already formated RTL strings inside of GDI .
gdi32 : Use usp10 to optionally generate glyphs for bidi strings .
usp10 : Add Arabic shaping .
usp10 : Attempt to do shaping via the font GSUB table first .
usp10 : Correct Left and Right confusions for Arabic joining and shaping .
Aurimas Fišeras ( 2 ) : msi : Update Lithuanian translation .
wordpad : Update Lithuanian translation .
Austin English ( 2 ) : include : Rename structs to fix compile with recent gcc. ntdll : Add stub for NtRaiseHardError .
Damjan Jovanovic ( 5 ) : winemenubuilder : Escape freedesktop exec keys properly .
winemenubuilder :
Fix a char / widechar typo in association . desktop paths .
winemenubuilder : associate .lnk files with wine .
wine .
desktop : Associate with winemenubuilder 's application / x- ms - shortcut .
winemenubuilder : Generate .png even for paletted icons .
Detlef Riekenberg ( 1 ) : kernel32 : Move a 16 bit related comment to krnl386 .
Dmitry Timoshkov ( 3 ) : user32 : Add BM_SETSTATE /BM_SETCHECK
message tests for a button , make them pass under Wine .
user32 : Paint button focus in the ODA_SELECT case too .
gdi32 : Do not use VDMX for mapping of negative font heights , based on a test case .
Dylan Smith ( 3 ) : richedit : Avoid notifying parent window in improper state .
richedit : Revert commit that caused a regression .
( Bug 22758 ) .
richedit : Send EN_SELCHANGE after wrapping but before EN_CHANGE .
Eric Pouech ( 1 ) : dbghelp : Protect PE 's COFF table reading against bogus values in NTHEADER .
Frédéric Delanoy ( 4 ) : wordpad : Update French translation .
msi : Update French translation .
winemaker : Fix typos in manpage .
winemaker : Add French translation .
Gerald Pfeifer ( 35 ) : gdi32/tests : Remove variable oldPen which is not really used from test_widenpath .
msi : Fix the return value of msi_copy_outval in the error case .
riched20 : Remove variable ys which is not really used from ME_ArrowPageDown .
riched20 : Remove variable pCell which is not really used from ME_StreamIn .
user.exe16 : Remove variable width which is not really used from listbox_proc16 .
comctl32/tests : Add tests for the return values of TreeView_SelectItem in test_select .
cmd : Remove variable copyFromDir which is not really used from WCMD_copy .
taskmgr : Remove variable idctrl which is not really used from TaskManagerWndProc.
gdi32/tests : Remove two variables which are not really used from test_clipping .
winefile : Remove variable hChildClass which is not really used from InitInstance .
shell32/tests : Remove variable res which is not really used from init_strings .
quartz : Remove variable keyframe which is not really used from AVISplitter_next_request .
winecfg : Remove variable drive which is not really used from DriveDlgProc.
d3dx9_36/tests : Remove variable scaling which is not really used from D3DXMatrixTest .
mountmgr.sys : Remove variable result which is not really used from update_symlink .
user32/tests : Remove SetShellWindowEx from test_shell_window.
oleaut32/tests : Remove variable changed which is not really used from test_SysReAllocStringLen. user32/tests : Remove variable atom which is not really used from test_Expose .
winmm / tests : Remove two unused variables ( and dead code ) from check_position .
shlwapi : Remove variable retval which is not really used from GetAcceptLanguagesW.
comctl32 : Remove unused parameter fwKeys from LISTVIEW_MouseHover .
comctl32 : Remove unused parameter bEnable from LISTVIEW_Enable .
comctl32/tests : Remove variable hwndheader which is not really used from test_redraw .
localspl /tests : Improve the tests in test_XcvDataPort_AddPort by properly checking return values and avoiding a duplicate test .
user32/tests : Make checks in test_LoadImageFile and test_LoadImage more comprehensive .
quartz : Remove unused variable pOutputPin from MPEGSplitter_process_sample .
comctl32 : Remove unused variable infoPtr from TVIEW_StyleChanging .
comctl32 : Remove document of ( already removed ) infoPtr from LISTVIEW_StyleChanged .
comctl32/tests : Remove some dead code from TaskManager_OnRestoreMainWindow .
comctl32/tests : Check for the outcome of the SendMessage calls in test_monthcal_size .
winecfg : Remove variable lRes which is not really used from configureAudioDriver .
quartz : Fix return value of DSoundRender_GetState .
oleaut32 : Remove variable rOk which is not really used from VarMod .
riched20 : Remove variables yprev and ys which are not really used from ME_ArrowPageUp.
rpcrt4 : Remove variable hr which is not really used from NdrInterfacePointerBufferSize .
Hans Leidekker ( 23 ) : msi :
Add a test to show that patches are not committed to the local package database .
msi :
Add more patch registration tests .
msi :
Add a test to show that the InstallSource property is unchanged after an upgrade .
msi :
Set install properties just once .
msi : Avoid A-> W conversions in msi_publish_install_properties .
msi :
Set the SourceDir property to the registered source if the product is installed .
msi : Store the disk id in the MSIFILE structure .
msi :
Only extract a file when its disk id matches the media disk id .
msi : Improve some traces .
winedump : Print the network share name in .lnk files .
winemenubuilder : Lower case the content type .
winemenubuilder : Expand environment strings in the shortcut path .
hnetcfg : Return success from fw_port_get_Enabled .
fltlib : Add stub implementations of FilterFindFirst and FilterFindClose .
winhttp : Support setting security flags on request handles .
ntdll : Add some tests for RtlIsTextUnicode .
msi : Fix memory leaks in deformat_string_internal .
msi : Release the package in MsiGetProductPropertyW. msi : Release the package in MsiGetMode and MsiSetMode .
msi : Consistently use the allocation macros .
msi : Fix some leaks in the tests .
msi :
Test the reference count on the installer object retrieved from a session object .
msi :
Add more tests for feature overrides .
Henri Verbeet ( 25 ) : wined3d : Handle depth / stencil surfaces in IWineD3DSurfaceImpl_LoadLocation ( ) .
wined3d : Remove some unused winetexturestates elements .
wined3d : Add support for ARB_shadow .
wined3d : Add support for shadow samplers .
d3d8/tests :
Add a shadow sampler test .
d3d9/tests :
Add a shadow sampler test .
wined3d : context_validate_onscreen_formats ( ) may modify context->render_offscreen . wined3d : Explicitly pass the depth / stencil surface to context_validate_onscreen_formats ( ) .
wined3d : Check for offscreen contexts inside context_validate_onscreen_formats ( ) itself .
wined3d : Correctly translate between coordinate systems in swapchain_blit ( ) .
wined3d : Make context_attach_surface_fbo( ) static .
wined3d : Explicitly pass the FBO target to context_clean_fbo_attachments ( ) .
wined3d : Use wine_dbgstr_rect ( ) for tracing the rectangle in IWine D3DSurfaceImpl_LockRect ( ) .
wined3d : Fix a comment .
user32 : Verify we got a valid window handle in GetDCEx ( ) .
wined3d : Check for a destination clipper in IWine D3DBaseSurfaceImpl_Blt ( ) .
wined3d : Split checking for " empty " source and destination rectangles in IWine D3DBaseSurfaceImpl_Blt ( ) .
wined3d : Merge source rectangle operations into a single block in IWine D3DBaseSurfaceImpl_Blt ( ) .
wined3d : Merge destination rectangle operations into a single block in IWine D3DBaseSurfaceImpl_Blt ( ) .
wined3d : Translate front buffer coordinates in surface_blt_to_drawable ( ) .
wined3d : Introduce a separate function for translating front buffer coordinates to GL coordinates .
wined3d : Set the buffer .c GLINFO_LOCATION to * gl_info. wined3d : Explicitly pass GL info to buffer_create_buffer_object ( ) .
wined3d : Explicitly pass GL info to buffer_get_sysmem ( ) .
wined3d : Set the device .c GLINFO_LOCATION to * gl_info .
Huw Davies ( 2 ) : oleaut32 : Set the font to dirty when loading a new data .
comctl32 : Fix an hfont leak .
Ilya Shpigor ( 1 ) : shdocvw : Added IDataObject stub implementation .
Jacek Caban ( 15 ) : mshtml : Check return value of SetText .
mshtml : Test return value of OnStateChange .
mshtml : Added IHTMLOptionElement :: selected property implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLTextAreaElement :: put_value implementation .
mshtml : Moved getting select 's option element by index to separated function .
mshtml : Added IHTMLSelectElement :: item implementation .
mshtml : Moved getting form 's elements by index to separated function .
mshtml : Added IHTMLFormElement :: item implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLFormElement ::action property implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLTextAreaElement::readOnly property implementation .
mshtml : Fixed test on some IEs .
mshtml : Fixed platform test on 64 - bit IE6 .
exdisp.idl : Added missing DWebBrowserEvents2 methods .
shobjidl.idl : Added NWMF declaration .
shdocvw : Added ITargetFrame2 stub implementation .
Joel Holdsworth ( 13 ) : msiexec : Reused appwiz.cpl icon in msiexec .
configure : Fix for icotool version checking regex .
configure : Added a check for ImageMagick v6.6 or newer in maintainer mode .
credui : Added a rendering hint to banner .
svg. tools : Modified the ICO render script to also render BMPs .
comctl32 : Replaced idb_view_small.bmp with a Tango compliant tool strip .
comctl32 : Replaced idb_view_large.bmp with a Tango compliant tool strip .
comctl32 : Replaced idb_std_small.bmp with a Tango compliant tool strip .
comctl32 : Replaced idb_std_large.bmp with a Tango compliant tool strip .
comctl32 : Replaced idb_hist_small.bmp with a Tango compliant tool strip .
comctl32 : Replaced idb_hist_large.bmp with a Tango compliant tool strip .
wordpad : Replaced toolbar.bmp with a Tango compliant tool strip .
wordpad : Replaced formatbar.bmp with a Tango compliant tool strip .
Juan Lang ( 17 ) : crypt32 : Add stub for CERT_STORE_CTRL_AUTO_RESYNC
of registry stores .
crypt32/tests : Test CertAddCertificateLinkToStore .
crypt32 : Validate add disposition before checking source certificate 's properties .
crypt32 : Prohibit adding links to collection stores .
crypt32 : Implement CertAddCertificateLinkToStore on top of CertAddCertificateContextToStore .
winhttp : Store security flags in netconn_t .
winhttp : Store a pointer to the netconn_t in the SSL context .
winhttp : Honor security flags when verifying a certificate .
wintrust / tests :
Fix test failures when not running as administrator .
crypt32 : Update definition of CERT_CHAIN_ENGINE_CONFIG.
crypt32 : Support hExclusiveRoot when creating a certificate chain engine .
crypt32/tests : Allow specifying a chain engine when creating a certificate chain .
crypt32/tests : Allow specifying a chain engine when verifying a chain policy .
crypt32/tests :
Test wildcards in subject alternative name .
crypt32 : Implement wildcard domain name matching in subject alternative names .
rsaenh : Add tests for CALG_SSL3 _SHAMD5 hashing .
rsaenh : Implement CALG_SSL3_SHAMD5 hashing .
Julius Schwartzenberg ( 1 ) : wined3d : Cope with the new Intel renderer string .
Jörg Höhle ( 7 ) : winealsa : Supply FFFFFFFF for midiOutGetVolume , no garbage .
winealsa : MOD_MIDIPORT has 0 voices and notes and FFFF ChannelMask .
imaadp32 : Refine size checks .
winmm : WAVE / MIDI_MAPPER
( - 1 ) is a 32 bit UINT , not 16 .
winmm : A NULL CALLBACK_FUNCTION is acceptable since w2 k. winmm : More MIDI boundary tests & fixes .
winmm : Have MCI drivers handle notification for MCI_OPEN .
Kai Blin ( 1 ) : ws2_32 : Stub out WS_SIO_UDP_CONNRESET
WSioctl . Katayama Hirofumi MZ ( 1 ) : wordpad : Add units ( in / inch / pt ) .
Louis Lenders ( 1 ) : samlib : Add stubbed samlib.dll .
Maarten Lankhorst ( 16 ) : includes : Fix typo .
quartz : Implement IBasicVideo get_AvgTimePerFrame .
quartz : Forward IMediaFilter to IMediaControl .
mciqtz32 : Add command table from mciavi32 .
mciqtz32 : Implement MCI_STATUS_LENGTH .
winmm :
Make timer keep a ref on winmm while it 's running .
mciqtz32 : Handle mciOpen better .
mciqtz32 : Add support for MCI_DGV_WHERE_SOURCE .
mciqtz32 : Add support for mciUpdate .
quartz :
Add support for windowstate in video renderer .
quartz : Support negative heights in video renderer .
quartz : Respect autoshow in video renderer .
quartz : Remove invalid check from put_WindowStyleEx in video renderer .
mciqtz32 : Handle window visibility better .
mciqtz32 : Add support for MCI_STATUS_TIME_FORMAT .
mciqtz32 : Add support for MCI_PAUSE .
Marcus Meissner ( 7 ) : ole32 : Fixed 2 uninitialized variable use ( Coverity ) .
wined3d : fixed a NULL deref in create_arb_blt_fragment_program ( Coverity ) .
ntdll : Reimplement qsort ( ) using generic mergesort .
ntdll : Rename mergesort to NTDLL_mergesort .
ntdll : Implement bsearch , lfind to use correct comparator functions .
msvcrt : Add some missing CDECL .
msvcrt : Check locale for NULL before freeing .
Matej Špindler ( 11 ) : winecfg : Update Slovenian translation .
shell32 : Update Slovenian translation .
wineboot : Update Slovenian translation .
notepad : Update Slovenian translation .
wordpad : Update Slovenian translation .
mapi32 : Add Slovenian translation .
wininet : Update Slovenian translation .
jscript : Add Slovenian translation .
winedbg : Add Slovenian translation .
oleacc : Add Slovenian translation .
taskmgr : Update Slovenian translation .
Matteo Bruni ( 19 ) : d3dx9 : Support some flow control instructions in the shader assembler .
d3dx9 : Add other flow control instructions in the shader assembler .
d3dx9 : Add predicate support to the shader assembler .
d3dx9 : Add output dcl instruction partial support to the shader assembler .
d3dx9 : Complete output dcl instruction support .
d3dx9 : Add input dcl instruction support to the shader assembler .
d3dx9 : Add sampler dcl instruction support to the shader assembler .
d3dx9 : Add DEF instruction support in the shader assembler .
d3dx9 : Add DEFI instruction support in the shader assembler .
d3dx9 : Add DEFB instruction support in the shader assembler .
d3dx9 : Add some version - specific checks in the shader assembler .
d3dx9 : Add ps_3_0 instructions parsing to the shader assembler .
d3dx9 : Shader assembler ps_3_0 support .
d3dx9 : Add missing texkill instruction parsing .
d3dx9 : Use separate opcodes for TEXLDP and TEXLDB .
d3dx9 : Check for oCx register number .
d3dx9 : Shader assembler vs_2_x support .
d3dx9 : Add some more tests on register number checking .
d3dx9 : Shader assembler ps_2_x support .
Michael Stefaniuc ( 41 ) : explorer : Remove unneeded UNICODE define .
oleaut32 : Avoid using long .
comctl32 : Update some ImageList comments .
qedit : Avoid using long .
mshtml/tests : Replace long with LONG .
oleview : Replace long with LONG .
secur32 : Avoid using long .
jscript : Avoid using long .
comdlg32 : The Dutch translation uses UTF - 8. winhttp : Remove redundant " not NULL " check for the " server " arg .
dmloader : Remove redundant " not NULL " check of the pDesc arg .
mshtml : Remove redundant " not NULL " check for the p arg ( coccicheck ) .
winhttp : Remove redundant " not 0 " test of argument len .
riched20 : Avoid using long .
mciavi32 : Remove redundant " not NULL " checks of the lpParms arg .
msvfw32 : Replace long with LONG .
rpcrt4 : Avoid using long .
taskmgr : Avoid using long .
shell32 : Remove redundant " not NULL " check of ppidl ( coccicheck ) .
user32 : Remove redundant not NULL check of variable item ( coccicheck ) .
ddraw : Remove redundant " not NULL " check of This ( coccicheck ) .
avifil32 : Remove some redundant " not NULL " checks ( coccicheck ) .
mciwave : Remove redundant " not NULL " checks of the variables lpParms .
winex11.drv : Remove redundant " not NULL " check of cfgs ( coccicheck ) .
cmdlgtst : Replace long with LONG .
dinput : Remove explicit cast to long as it happens implicitly .
user32 : Remove superfluous " not NULL " check of the atom variable .
ntdll : Remove superfluous " not NULL " check for the count arg .
qcap :
Use the proper types .
quartz : Avoid using the long type .
msxml3 : Remove redundant " not NULL " check of the punk arg .
wineoss.drv : Avoid a potential NULL pointer dereference in a TRACE .
rpcrt4 : Remove redundant " non NULL " check of var cred_dst ( coccicheck ) .
user32 : Avoid a potential NULL pointer dereference in a TRACE .
wininet : Remove redundant " not NULL/0 " checks ( coccicheck ) .
shlwapi : Remove redundant " not NULL " checks of the len arg ( coccicheck ) .
user32 : Avoid using long .
mcicda : Avoid using long .
winemp3.acm : Avoid using the long type .
mciwave : Avoid using long .
wined3d : Avoid using the long type .
Mike Kaplinskiy ( 12 ) : include : Add WSAID_WSASENDMSG
extension guid .
ws2_32 : Improve SIO_GET_EXTENSION_FUNCTION_POINTER
stub .
ws2_32/tests :
Add some socket event tests .
server : Set FD_READ in only 1 place ( cleanup ) .
server : Keep polling sockets after we got a 0 recv , but not for POLLIN .
server :
Use a less hackish approach to not POLLIN when we have a hung up socket .
server : Always treat POLLHUP as a hangup , just special case checking TCP sockets .
server : Get rid of sock_try_event .
ws 2_32/tests : fix test failures on wine and win98 .
server : Move socket async activation to sock_poll_event .
server :
Do n't poll for events when there are async operations queued .
server : Move async activation into separate function .
Nikolay Sivov ( 6 ) : kernel32 : Fix return code from LocalUnlock for pointer passed to it .
user32 : Fix selected brush color for caret bitmap creation .
ole32 : Use window property to store registered drop target .
comctl32 : Fix SysLink debug channel name , add a trace .
comctl32/ listview : Do n't forward WM_COMMAND to parent if we do n't have an Edit box .
shell32 : Add SHGetLocalizedName stub .
Octavian Voicu ( 1 ) : d3dx9_36 : Export D3DXCreateEffectEx stub .
Owen Rudge ( 2 ) : d3dx9 : Implement D3DXCreateEffectCompilerFromFile / Resource .
d3dx9 : Implement CreateEffectFromFile / Resource functions .
Paul Vriens ( 2 ) : winhttp / tests :
Show the correct error .
kernel32 : Return the correct processor arch and type in wow64 mode .
Piotr Caban ( 16 ) : include : Fix typo in shlwapi.h. shlwapi : Make UrlCanonicalizeW working with long urls ( > INTERNET_MAX_URL_LENGTH ) . shlwapi : Make UrlCanonicalizeA working with long urls ( > INTERNET_MAX_URL_LENGTH ) . shlwapi : Added more UrlCanonicalizeA tests .
wininet : Fix trace messages .
msvcrt : Fix strtod and wcstod implementation .
msvcrt : Partial fix for setlocale / create_locale .
msvcrt : Fix synonym handling in setlocale / create_locale .
wininet : Fix dwStatusInfoLength value in INTERNET_SendCallback .
wininet : Deal with reading over the end in NETCON_recv.
msvcrt : Added $ I10 _OUTPUT implementation .
wininet : Fix callbacks sent on connection error .
wininet : Added INTERNET_OPTION_ERROR_MASK
flag handling to InternetSetOptionW. wininet : Combine certificate errors in HTTP_OpenConnection .
msvcrt : Fix compilation error ( x86_64-pc- mingw32 ) .
wininet : Fix variables values after redirection in HTTP_HttpSendRequestW. Rico Schüller ( 1 ) : d3d10 : Add argument check to ID3D10 Effect::GetTechniqueByName ( ) .
Roderick Colenbrander ( 6 ) : wined3d : Use surface_prepare_texture for surface allocation in read_from_framebuffer_texture .
wined3d : Make sure wglFlush is not between ENTER_GL / LEAVE_GL .
opengl32 : Add 32 - bit bitmap rendering test .
wined3d : Set conversion flags for format descriptors having a convert function .
wined3d : Remove unneeded d3dfmt_get_conv conversion constants .
wined3d : Use BltFast in UpdateSurface when desc.convert is set .
Stefan Dösinger ( 8 ) : wined3d : Do n't use GL_ARB_map_buffer_range for now .
wined3d : Split up the " one " pixel shader helper constant .
wined3d : Store a positive 1.0 in the ARB 's vertex shader helper constant .
wined3d : Add a function for reading ( ps_ ) helper_const .
wined3d : Order the helper constants a bit better .
wined3d : Make the mova constant more generic for relative addressing .
wined3d : Handle length zero vectors in ARB's NRM .
wined3d : Catch RCP 0.0 in ARB .
Sven Baars ( 13 ) : xcopy : Fix Dutch translation .
wordpad : Fix Dutch translation .
wineconsole : Fix Dutch translation .
winecfg : Fix Dutch translation .
wineboot : Fix Dutch translation .
uninstaller : Fix Dutch translation .
wordpad : Update Dutch translation .
start : Update Dutch translation .
comdlg32 : Fix Dutch translation .
notepad : Fix Dutch translation .
wineps.drv : Fix Dutch translation .
setupapi : Fix Dutch translation .
shdoclc : Fix Dutch translation .
Thomas Mullaly ( 3 ) : urlmon / tests : Added a new test file for testing the IUri interface .
urlmon / tests : Fixed IUri tests so they fail gracefully on machines with IE < 7 . urlmon : CreateUri should return E_INVALIDARG for NULL args .
Vincent Povirk ( 10 ) : gdiplus : Implement GdipCreateHICONFromBitmap.
gdiplus : Quiet the GdipImageForceValidation fixme .
gdiplus : Implement bitmap color keying .
gdiplus : Implement GdipSetImageAttributesWrapMode .
gdiplus : Add test for GdipGetImageThumbnail .
gdiplus : Implement GdipGetImageThumbnail .
gdiplus : Implement GdipIsStyleAvailable .
gdiplus : Always treat out of range string sizes as INT_MAX .
ole32 : Use a temporary variable in TransactedSnapshotImpl_EnsureReadEntry .
shlwapi : Implement SHRegEnumUSValue .
Wolfram Sang ( 2 ) : user32 : Honor bfOffBits in BITMAP_Load . user32 : Apply sanity - check in BITMAP_Load . -- Alexandre Julliard julliard@winehq.org
' Do n't worry Sis , nobody will even notice I 'm there ' : Lady Gaga can't help but upstage sister at her graduation
Lady GaGa returned to her old convent high school to support her little sister Natali at her graduation yesterday , she ended up hogging the limelight herself .
Even though it was 18 - year - old Natali 's special day , the eccentric pop star stood out from the proud family members as she arrived in a typically flamboyant outfit .
Perhaps feeling headwear envy at her sister 's mortar board , GaGa hid her face under a black conical hat draped in a long lace scarf .
Standing out from the crowd : Lady Gaga wears a nude , lace bodysuit , black veil and platforms as she attends her sister 's high school graduation in New York
While the 24 - year - old was more covered up than normal , she still managed to show off a bit of flesh with a sheer , lace bodysuit and those famous heelless platforms .
GaGa , real name Stefani Germanotta , was spotted checking her mobile phone outside the Convent of the Sacred Heart in Manhattan 's prestigious Upper East Side yesterday before being whisked away in a chauffeur - driven car .
The singer , who grew in a duplex apartment nearby , attended the private Roman Catholic school until she was 17 .
Flamboyant : GaGa wore a risque nude and lace bodysuit at the formal event
Gaga 's younger sister Natali is hoping to follow her sister into the music world and has already starting lessons with a top vocal coach , paid for by her sister .
But their parents Joseph and Cynthia Germanotta have encouraged Natali to complete her education first .
Earlier this year , Natali made a cameo in the video to GaGa 's mega - hit Telephone , playing a prison inmate .
While GaGa is known for her eccentric fashion sense , fans can't expect Natali to follow suit .
Big day : GaGa visited her old high school , the private Convent of the Sacred Heart in Manhattan 's Upper East Side
Natali was spotted wearing a regular black dress as she celebrated her 18th birthday at the Sazon restaurant in Manhattan in March .
An onlooker told the New York Post : ' She dresses and acts nothing like Lady Gaga .
' Everyone stuck to soda because they were all under 21 .
They were all very polite . '
Family affair : Natali ( right ) played a prison inmate in the video for her sister Lady GaGa 's single Telephone
IF you kiss in public , forget to flush the toilet or wear a mask you may be surprised to find yourself in hot water in some countries .
Here are 15 lesser - known acts that may breach the etiquette rules of some of the most popular tourist detinations around the world .
Top tips : Travel advice
St. Louis , Missouri , US
Propriety is important in any city , and St Louis in no exception .
But girls , do n't get caught out without proper clothes on in a fire - it is actually illegal for firemen to rescue women who are still in their nightdresses or other various underwear attire .
Interestingly , it 's also illegal to sit on the curb of any city street and drink beer from a bucket - so no drunken tourist antics here , please .
United Arab Emirates
As the two Britons who were convicted for having sex on the beach near their hotel in Dubai in 2008 will tell you , public nudity is a criminal offence in the UAE .
It goes without saying , then , that if a kiss on the cheek can get you fined or imprisoned , having sex in public is an absolute no -no .
Denmark
This may sound crazy but it 's true - wearing a mask in Denmark could get you arrested .
Best keep those Halloween costumes in your suitcases .
Scotland
Guys , if you are gripped by the desire to don traditional Scottish dress in the form of a kilt , there are a couple of things you need to remember .
Whether you decide to wear underwear under your kilt or not is entirely up to you , and wearing nothing is actually completely acceptable .
What you need to remember is not to tell people about what you 've decided - or show it off - unless you are invited to !
Mexico
Aside from the great level of respect reserved for elders in Mexican society , there 's another important thing to know when travelling there , and it has to do with love .
If you fall for a Mexican on your travels , it 's actually the man 's parents who ask the woman 's parents for permission for their children to marry and be accepted into the family .
So really , the pressure 's off guys , and it 's up to your parents .
Singapore
Hygiene is a top priority in Singapore , and violation of any hygiene laws can land you with big fines .
Smoking in public can cost you $ 1000 ; littering up to $ 2000 ; and if you are caught not flushing the toilet , you can face a $ 75 fine .
Speaking of toilets , make sure you take your own paper , as many Singaporean public toilets do n't provide any .
England
English Pub Etiquette may sound unbelievable , but it there is such thing , and research has been done on it .
It 's not uncommon for heated arguments to erupt in your local English pub , but do n't be frightened or remain uninvolved - according to English anthropologists , this is known as ' Pub Talk ' , and if you join in , you 'll be part of the crowd in no time - especially if you shout the next round .
Thailand
In Thailand , never shake hands or offer anything with your left hand , as this is the ' unclean ' hand - the one you use to wipe your bottom with .
Also , make sure you do n't touch any Thai person on their head , including babies , as the head is seen as the most important part of the body and so touching it is disrespectful .
Also , criticism is seen as a form of violence , and openly expressing your anger attracts attention from evil spirits .
Afghanistan
During Ramadan all Muslims are required to fast , and while visitors to the country do n't need to participate in the fasting , it is absolutely unacceptable to eat , drink , smoke or even chew gum in public .
China
In China , symbolism is everything , and there are long lists of rules related to this .
The most important things to remember are to avoid white as this is the colour reserved for death , and steer clear of anything related to the number four , which is unlucky .
Also , when in conversation , try not to gesticulate too much - while this may seem silly to those having grown up doing it , Chinese people are very reserved with their emotions , and waving your hands around while trying to emphasise a point is quite offensive .
South Africa
The most important thing to remember when visiting South Africa is that the people there love to talk , and it 's important you engage in conversation too !
Do n't try to rush greetings , pleasantries or stories - just relax and let the conversation flow , else you 'll risk appearing rude and offending those you 're talking with .
Russia
The dreaded kiss - on - the - cheek scenario is always a confusing one .
When it comes to greeting etiquette in Russia , females kiss on the cheek three times , alternating cheeks and starting on the left .
For men , a handshake is acceptable , or a hug and pat on the back if you know them well .
When greeting someone of the opposite sex , a handshake is the safest move .
Austria
Austria has some very strict etiquette rules , especially when it comes to dining .
Always remain standing at the dinner table until you are asked to sit ; make sure you put your napkin on your lap ; do n't start eating until you are invited to ; finish all your food even if you 're full ; let the host do the first toast and , if you are a special guest , you are expected to toast too .
Oh , and it 's best to get dressed up at all times - dinner parties , out to the shops , everywhere .
It 's probably easier to just eat alone !
France
Contrary to popular belief , the French are very polite people , and expect the same from people visiting their country .
Do n't expect to find out a lot about any French people you meet , especially on your first meeting - they do n't hate you , they are a just very private people .
The good news is that once you 're a friend , you 're a friend for life , and a kiss on the left cheek followed by a kiss on the right is the correct greeting .
Remember the polite greetings ' bonjour ' ' bonsoir ' or 'au revoir ' when you 're in shops .
India
Gift giving is essential in Indian culture , as it helps with the transition into the next life .
Presents wrapped in yellow , green or red bring good luck , gifts of cash are perfectly acceptable in celebratory situations , but steer well clear of giving anyone ' funeral flowers ' ( white flowers or frangipanis ) .
Now you have no excuse if you get it wrong next time you head abroad .
Got any more etiquette tips ?
Share them below .
In - depth :
All the latest travel news
Follow our Twitter blog
A 13 - year - old Monroe County girl used a lead pencil to conduct a " home abortion " on herself then called her 30 - year - old boyfriend , who disposed of the deceased baby , police say .
Pennsylvania State Police at Lehighton say officials at Lehigh Valley Hospital called early Sunday morning to alert them that the teenager claimed she had performed a self - abortion and showed signs of a recent pregnancy .
The Polk Township girl , whose name was not released , told police she performed the abortion on herself Wednesday .
Over the next three days , she became violently ill , started having contractions and delivered the baby at her home , according to a police news release .
During labor , police say , the girl had been in contact with Michael James Lisk , of Kunkletown , who she believes was the father of the baby .
Lisk came to her home , placed the baby in a plastic shopping bag and buried the baby in a wooded area along Middle Creek Road , between their two homes .
Members of the Troop N Forensic Services
Unit later recovered the baby 's body .
A police investigation , which involved executing search warrants and seizing evidence from both homes , revealed Lisk and the 13 - year - old girl had been having a sexual relationship since June 2009 , according to the release .
Lisk was arraigned on charges of rape and concealing the death of a child and committed to Monroe County Prison in lieu of $ 50,000 bail .
The girl is still undergoing medical treatment and has not yet been charged with any offenses .
An autopsy on the baby is scheduled for Tuesday .
The investigation continues .
Of all the stories told on the fifth anniversary of the Iraq War , there is one important episode that took place during the build - up to the conflict that has gone largely unreported .
It concerns a young woman who was a witness to something so outrageous , something so contrary to the principles of diplomacy and international law , that in revealing it she believed war could be averted .
That woman was Katharine Gun , a 29 - year - old Mandarin translator at the Government Communications Headquarters ( GCHQ ) in Cheltenham .
On Friday 31 January 2003 she and many of her colleagues were forwarded a request from the US government for an intelligence " surge " at the United Nations ( with hindsight , an interesting choice of words ) .
In essence , the US was ordering the intensification of espionage at the UN headquarters in New York to help persuade the Security Council to authorise war in Iraq .
The aim , according to the email , was to give the United States " the edge " in negotiations for a crucial resolution to give international authorisation for the war .
Many believed that , without it , the war would be illegal .
The email was sent by a man with a name straight out of a Hollywood thriller , Frank Koza , who headed up the " regional targets " section of the National Security Agency , the US equivalent of GCHQ .
It named six nations to be targeted in the operation : Chile , Pakistan , Guinea , Angola , Cameroon and Bulgaria .
These six so - called " swing nations " were non-permanent members of the Security Council whose votes were crucial to getting the resolution through .
It later emerged that Mexico was also targeted because of its influence with Chile and other countries in Latin America , though it was not mentioned in the memo .
But the operation went far wider - in fact , only Britain was specifically named as a country to be exempt from the " surge " .
Koza insisted that he was looking for " insights " into how individual countries were reacting to the ongoing debate , " plans to vote on any related resolutions , what related policies / negotiating positions they may be considering , alliances / dependencies etc " .
In summary , he added : " The whole gamut of information that could give US policymakers the edge in obtaining results favourable to US goals or to head off surprises . "
The scope of the operation was vast : " Make sure they pay attention to existing non-UNSC member UN - related and domestic comms for anything useful related to the UNSC deliberations / debates / votes , " wrote Koza .
Gun was appalled by the email in two ways .
First by the seediness of the operation : she believed the clear message was that GCHQ was being asked to find personal information that would allow Britain and America to blackmail diplomats in New York .
But second and more importantly , she believed GCHQ was being asked to undermine the democratic pro cesses of the United Nations .
Secret email
Over the weekend after receiving the email , Gun decided to act .
On returning to work on 3 February she printed out the document and took it home with her .
She knew people involved with the anti-war movement and passed the email to a friend who was in contact with the media .
This individual in turn passed it to the former Fleet Street journalist Yvonne Ridley , who had become famous as the reporter captured by the Taliban in 2001 .
By this time Ridley was a prominent opponent of the war .
After first approaching the Mirror , which failed to verify the email , Ridley called me at the Observer , where I was working at the time , to ask if I would look at it .
The Koza memo presented me and my colleagues at the newspaper with a number of problems .
For a start , the Observer supported the war in Iraq .
Then there was the problem of verification .
The Koza memo consisted of simply the body of the text , with all identifying information from the email header ripped from the top .
In theory , anyone could have typed it .
Koza 's name was written on the back along with other clues to its veracity , but it could easily have been a hoax .
We were also hamstrung by the fact that Gun had not come directly to the newspaper , so there was no way of going back to the source of the leak to check the information .
Peter Beaumont , the Observer 's defence correspondent at the time , got his sources to confirm that the language used in the memo was consistent with the NSA and GCHQ .
But still there were doubts .
One intelligence contact suggested it could be a sophisticated Russian forgery and another raised the possibility that British spy chiefs had written it to flush out anti-war elements at GCHQ .
In the end , the paper 's then US correspondent , Ed Vulliamy , struck lucky .
After a string of " no comment " responses from the NSA , a phone call to the organisation 's headquarters in Maryland was by chance put through to the office of Koza himself .
This proved that he existed and we now felt confident that the email was genuine .
Despite the paper 's pro-war stance , the then editor , Roger Alton , would not have rejected a good story and on 2 March 2003 the Observer splashed on the tale of US dirty tricks at the United Nations .
The story was followed up around the world and caused fury in Chile , which had known its fair share of US dirty tricks during the 1970s .
Mexico was equally unhappy and both countries distanced themselves from a second resolution as a result of the revelations .
Other countries were less bold in the face of cajoling and bullying from the US , but it became clear in the weeks that followed the leak that a fresh UN resolution was never going to happen .
This was precisely what Katharine Gun had hoped for when she walked out of GCHQ with the document a month earlier .
What she could not have known , however , was that George W Bush was determined to go to war , with or without the support of the UN .
Within days of the Observer article , Gun was arrested under the Official Secrets Act and almost a year later she finally appeared at the Old Bailey to stand trial for leaking the NSA document .
But , in a dramatic retreat , the then attorney general , Lord Goldsmith , dropped the case at the last minute and despite her prima facie breach of the secrecy laws , Gun walked free .
What did she gain ?
She failed to stop a war that has now cost thousands of lives .
She gave up a secure career as an expert translator .
But she was one of the first to reveal the truth about the lies and dirty tricks that took us to war in 2003 .
Britain's role
Questions still remain about Britain 's involvement in the spying operation , which was the ultimate responsibility of the then prime minister , Tony Blair .
A full inquiry into the Iraq War has now been promised by the present Prime Minister , Gordon Brown , and , among other things , this should force the government to disclose the full extent of its knowledge of the 2003 intelligence " surge " .
Those who doubt whether Gun 's actions had lasting his torical significance should refer to the statement issued by the Crown Prosecution Service when the case was dropped on 26 February 2004 .
There was speculation that Lord Goldsmith backed down because Gun 's defence requested disclosure of his legal opinion on the legitimacy of the war .
As was later revealed , his legal opinion shifted as the prospects of a second UN resolution faded .
On this the CPS statement is clear : " This determination by the prosecution had nothing to do with advice given by the Attorney General to the government in connection with the legality of the Iraq War . "
Instead , the prosecution stated that " there was no longer a realistic prospect of convicting Katharine Gun " .
The reasons for this remain a mystery , especially considering that Gun had admitted to the crime of leaking the document .
Her only defence was the untried " defence of necessity " , under which her lawyers would have argued that her actions were designed to stop the imminent loss of human life .
The CPS statement contains the following intriguing paragraph : " The evidential deficiency related to the prosecution 's inability , with in the current statutory framework , to disprove the defence of necessity to be raised on the particular facts of this case . "
Read through the legalese , this is an astonishing admission from the government that Katharine Gun 's actions were entirely honourable .
She really had tried to stop a war .
Table of Contents
Preface
Chapter 1-- Motivation and Introduction
Chapter 2 -- Modeling the Student : An introduction to Cognitive Theory
Chapter 3 -- There 's More to Content to a Physics Course :
The hidden curriculum
Chapter 4 -- Extending our Assessments : Homework and Testing
Chapter 5 -- Evaluating our Instruction : Surveys and Diagnostic Tests
Chapter 6 -- Instructional Implications : Some Effective Teaching Methods
Chapter 7 -- Lecture - Based Methods
Chapter 8 -- Recitation and Laboratory - Based Methods
Chapter 9 -- Workshop and Studio Methods
Chapter 10 -- Using the Physics Suite
Bibliography
Teaching Physics with the Physics Suite is now available in
English
Japanese
Farsi ( Iranian )
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
The FIA World Motor Sport Council has fined US F1 and banned the team from participating in any FIA championship as a punishment for its failure to appear in the 2010 Formula 1 season .
The American project was set to be one of the four new teams in this year 's world championship , but admitted shortly before the season opener that it would not be ready in time .
A request to postpone its entry was denied by the FIA , which then announced it would consider whether to take punitive action against the Charlotte - based squad for breaking the terms of its entry by failing to race in the season opener .
In a hearing in Paris yesterday , US F1's representatives argued that its non-appearance had been a case of ' force majeure ' due to the period of uncertainty over the new Concorde Agreement and the proposed budget cap rules during mid-2009 .
It also suggested that negative comments about its chances of making the grid by Bernie Ecclestone had deterred potential sponsors .
However the FIA rejected this suggestion .
" The WMSC considered US F1 had cooperated fully with the FIA in its investigation , and had been entirely open in answering the questions of the Reporter , " said the FIA 's report from the hearing .
" The WMSC however did not consider events of ' force majeure ' were established in this case as there were no compelling supervening events but instead this was about a lack of funds .
" Nor did they accept statements from FOM [ Formula One Management ] had had any real material impact .
" Rather they considered that the team , whilst well - intentioned , had displayed poor financial management and had underestimated the requirement to present an F1 car for the 2010 season in the time and with the financial resources available to them .
" It was wholly unacceptable that the FIA was presented with only three weeks warning of the total non-appearance of the team at the Grand Prix in Bahrain and for the 2010 season , and WMSC members had real concerns about the impact on the championship , not least the deprivation of the opportunity for another team to have provided two cars to run in the championship in 2010 instead of US F1 . "
The FIA has fined US F1 309,000 euros , the equivalent of the championship entry fee and ordered it to pay the costs of the FIA disciplinary process , and disqualified the team , " which definitively deprives US F1 of the right to take part , in any way whatsoever , in any competition . "
The remaining assets of US F1 were recently sold off at auction .
COMMONWEALTH of VIRGINIA Office of the Attorney General Kenneth T. Cuccinelli , II Attorney General 900 East Main Street Richmond , Virginia 23219
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Virginia responds to feds ’ attempt to dismiss health care suit
RICHMOND ( June 7 , 2010 ) — Virginia has responded to the federal government ’s attempt to dismiss the state ’s lawsuit against the new federal health care law , Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli announced today .
In its motion to the court to dismiss Virginia ’s lawsuit , the federal government argued that Virginia lacks the standing to bring a suit , that the suit is premature , and that the federal government has the power under the U.S. Constitution ’s Commerce Clause to mandate that citizens must be covered by health insurance or pay a civil penalty .
The government also made alternative arguments based upon its taxing power and the Necessary and Proper Clause .
“ If the government prevails and Congress may use the Commerce Clause to order Americans to buy private health insurance , then Congress will have been granted a virtually unlimited power to order you to buy anything .
That would amount to the end of federalism and our more than 220 years of constitutional government , ” the attorney general said .
The oral arguments on the motion to dismiss are July 1 .
If Virginia ’s case is not dismissed and moves forward , a summary judgment hearing is scheduled for October 18 .
Here is a brief summary of some of the arguments for and against the motion to dismiss :
Federal government ’s arguments to dismiss the case Virginia ’s response Virginia is not injured by the federal health care law Because the federal health care law purports to invalidate a Virginia law ( the Health Care Freedom Act ) under the Constitution ’s Supremacy Clause , Virginia ’s sovereign interests have been injured Because the mandate does n’t take effect until 2014 , the case is not “ ripe ” 1 ) Based on several previous Supreme Court decisions , if a dispute is certain to occur in the future , this does not prohibit the suit from being brought in the present 2 ) Virginia has already been forced to make decisions regarding insurance exchanges under the act , as well as changes to Medicaid .
One of those decisions made the commonwealth forego more than $ 100 million in federal money .
Virginia ’s suit is barred by the Anti-Injunction Act The act does not apply to states under these circumstances , because Virginia ’s action falls within an exception to the act that has been recognized by the Supreme Court
The government has the power under the Constitution ’s Commerce Clause to mandate the purchase of individual health insurance 1 ) The federal government ’s argument is contrary to the text of the Constitution 2 )
The federal government ’s argument is contrary to the meaning of the words of the Commerce Clause as understood by the Founders 3 )
The federal government ’s argument is contrary to the historical context of the nation ’s founding .
When Great Britain instituted a tax on tea , the colonists ’ response was to boycott and to not buy tea .
Parliament had the power to regulate commerce , but even it did not attempt to force colonists to buy the taxed product .
4 ) The federal government ’s argument is contrary to the traditional uses of the Commerce Clause .
The clause has always been used to regulate economic activity ; never inactivity .
5 ) The federal government ’s argument is contrary to the precedent of the U.S. Supreme Court .
The Court has set outer limits to the reaches of the Commerce Clause , including in cases such as Lopez and Morrison , saying that the clause must have principled limits , otherwise the federal government essentially would have unlimited power , rather than the limited powers enumerated in the Constitution .
Even if refusing to buy insurance is not commerce , the government can still force people to buy health insurance using the Constitution ’s Necessary and Proper Clause .
1 ) Since 1819 , the Supreme Court has held that any use of the Necessary and Proper Clause must be consistent with both “ the letter and spirit ” of the Constitution .
Any interpretation that would destroy the federal form of government ( where federal power is limited only to those powers enumerated in the Constitution , with remaining powers reserved to the states and the people ) is not allowed under that standard .
2 ) In May , the Supreme Court decided Comstock .
The Court adopted a historical approach to the use of the Necessary and Proper Clause .
Because the mandate is utterly unprecedented , it is unlikely to be upheld under a historical approach .
Even if the government cannot win using the Commerce Clause and Necessary and Proper Clause arguments , the federal health insurance mandate can be justified under the government ’s taxing authority .
1 ) The penalty for not buying insurance is not a tax .
Congress called it a “ penalty ” and claimed authority to act only under the Commerce Clause .
To argue otherwise now ignores what Congress actually did .
2 ) A penalty for inaction is not a tax of any kind known to the Constitution , when judged historically .
You can find a copy of the brief and all its arguments online at
http://www.vaag.com/PRESS_RELEASES/Cuccinelli/PLAINTIFF’S%20-%20Mem%20in%20Opp%20to%20MTD%20-%20FINAL%206710%20-%20FILED.pdf
Hearing schedule
The following hearing schedule has been adopted :
Oral argument on Motion to Dismiss : July 1 , 2010 , at 10:00 a.m. U.S. Federal District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia , in Richmond .
If Virginia ’s case is not dismissed , a summary judgment hearing is scheduled for October 18 , 2010 , at 9:00 a.m .
Kathleen Swann has struggled with weight issues all of her life .
At one time or another , she ’s tried every fad diet , from cabbage soup to grapefruit to veganism to Atkins .
Nothing has worked .
Even her scale gave up , displaying “ OMG ” instead of a number .
Ms. Swann was working as a security screener when Homeland Security installed its controversial full body scanner at Traverse City ’s Cherry Capital Airport .
While the device has yet to catch any would - be terrorists , looking at nude scans of obese travelers helped her to drop the extra pounds for good .
A sign now warns vacationers that they may be used as motivational tools .
“ One day I saw this enormous man in the monitor and vowed then and there to change my eating habits , ” said Ms. Swann .
“ Now I just envision Paul Furkle naked and push the food away . ”
Regular readers of the Journal are familiar with Furkle ’s job as a professional bed warmer at the Dew Drop Motel .
“ I told Kathy that she did n’t have to thank me .
Those scanners were really there to stop Al Qaida .
She really should thank Osama . ”
Seeking to use his girth for the good of all mankind , Mr. Furkle is now modeling at the Chrislip YWCA for an art class limited to overweight women .
Participants report that when Paul disrobes , all desire for food leaves the room .
“ It ’s hard not to take their looks of disgust personally , ” admits Furkel .
“ I only ask that the ladies send me some of their ‘ after ’ photos . ”
Do we really need to spend £ 10 m on researching why our pollinators are dying out ?
There is no doubt that honeybees , hoverflies , wasps , bumblebees , moths and butterflies are all under threat .
Since the 1970s , there has been a 75 % decline in butterfly species in the UK , three species of bumblebees are now extinct , and honeybees have been having a pretty hard time for the last few years .
But is research into a variety of possible causes from land use , disease , environmental change and pesticides what is needed to save them ?
The nine projects that received a share of the £ 10 m funding announced today all sound incredibly interesting , especially the one that includes fitting tiny radio frequency ID tags to pollinators ( pdf ) to record when bees enter and leave the nest .
Funding for Warwick University to unravel the impact of the varroa mite on transmitting viruses in honeybees ( pdf ) will be particularly welcomed by beekeepers across the world as they grapple with trying to control the blood - sucking parasite that lives on most of our honeybees and is a major reason for their continual demise .
Anyone wanting to green their city and encourage urban beekeeping will be delighted that Jane Memmott at Bristol has been awarded a grant to answer the question " How can we make our cities more pollinator - friendly ? "
Yet the truth is that we already know the answer to many of the questions about why our pollinators are dying out .
As Claire Carvell at the Centre for Ecology and Hydrology says : " Bumblebees have declined worldwide , largely due to the loss of flowers and other habitats they need to survive in the countryside . "
For bumblebees , read hoverflies , wasps , moths and butterflies .
So rather than spend three years researching how far bumblebees go to forage and make their nests , would n't it be better if we reintroduced a more sustainable way of managing agricultural land right now ?
After all , we know that when the scientists have spent their research money , they will conclude what we knew all along : that we need to manage landscapes in a way that are more effective in conserving bumble populations .
When I researched A World Without Bees , I was surprised by how much scientific research had already been carried out , mainly in France and Italy , into the effects of pesticides on honeybees ' communication and navigation .
Despite this research , the pesticide companies maintained that the blame could n't be pinned on their products as there were too many other potential culprits .
The United States Department of Agriculture , which has been leading research into colony collapse disorder in the US , now acknowledges - four years after the strange phenomenon which leads to the disappearance of honeybees from their hives – that pesticides are part of the problem .
But guess what ?
The same pesticides are still being used by farmers .
So research on its own is not enough if we are serious about saving our pollinators .
We need action .
Action by governments to ban pollinator - toxic pesticides , to toughen the registration tests for pesticide approval so that in the case of honeybees their impact is measured not just on an adult bees but on the colony as a whole , and to develop more organic styles of farming that wean ourselves off the pesticides .
It is the pesticides that go hand - in - hand with the intensive , monoculture farming methods that are responsible for the loss of habitat and flowers that the scientists already know is causing the decline of our pollinators .
The UK has lost more than 3 m hectares of wildflower - rich habitat since the second world war , but farming wildlife schemes have only recreated 6,500 hectares .
The charity Buglife is calling on government to tackle the issue head - on and create a network of wildflower meadows now .
Its " B - lines " would be rivers of flowers in every county , one going east west and the other north - south .
The scheme would depend on a new " conservation credits " scheme that would require developers – and others who provide economic benefits but whose sector degrades wildlife – to purchase credits that would secure wildflower habitats .
I know where my £ 10 m would go .
Google Inc. is preparing to roll out a music download service tied to its search engine later this year , followed by an online subscription service in 2011 , according to people familiar with the Internet giant 's discussions with the music industry .
Google 's proposals are still vague , say these people , and it 's unclear whether it has struck any deals with record labels so far .
But Google has been stepping up conversations about offering new music services tied to phones running its Android operating system along with the broader ...
Edit Contest Details
NOTE : If you would like to change the " Company Name " Please contact support@logomyway.com
Company Name : BP
Our Slogan
What We Do
Redesign the BP logo .
The logo design community at LogoMyWay was very upset about how BP handled the oil spill disaster .
Before this eruption of oil , they had 17 violations .
It 's obvious this could have been prevented .
This is the biggest environmental disaster we have ever faced in this country .
I think the ( 20,000 ) creative logo designers at LogoMyWay should update the BP logo with a more suitable design and brand .
The design community and the general public will vote on the winner of the redesign of the NEW BP LOGO .
Do you want to create your own logo design ?
Try the LogoMyWay Logo Maker .
We have thousands of professional logo designs to select from .
You can design your own logo in less than 10 minutes .
Industry : Natural Resources
Things to Communicate Through Our Design
# 1
# 2
# 3
Target Audience
The world
We Like These Designs . ( fonts , colors , style )
The logo design community and the general public will vote on the winner of this logo contest .
Be creative and make sure your logo has a strong brand for BP .
Our Design Will Be Used On
Newcastle have written to the chairmen of all Premier League clubs calling for them to ban reporters from two newspapers following the Lord Triesman revelations .
The Magpies have banned the Mail on Sunday and sister paper the Daily Mail from all games and press conferences after the Sunday paper published comments made by Triesman which had been secretly recorded by a friend of his .
As a result Triesman resigned as chairman of the Football Association and England 's bid for the 2018 World Cup .
Newcastle had been considering a request from the Daily Mail for a previous ban to be revoked when the story was published last week .
The club said in a statement : " The Daily Mail have recently made approaches through the Association of Editors for the ban to be reviewed .
Newcastle United Football Club were considering that request when The Mail on Sunday decided to publish its disgraceful story about Lord Triesman .
" That story was not in the best interest of English football and has had enormous adverse repercussions already with regard to the 2018 World Cup bid .
" Newcastle United Football Club supports the stance taken by Gary Lineker who has ceased to provide a column for the newspaper and has been outspoken in his criticism .
I ’m sure it has n’t escaped anyone ’s notice that we have n’t resumed development or posted any news in quite some time .
The truth is , we experienced some uenxpected financial difficulties at the end of last year , and while we expected to have them solved quickly , this did not happen .
In fact , as it stands right now we do not have the money to continue developing Dawntide .
We ’re still working on finding new investors , but this will take time .
In the meanwhile , we have officially stopped all development .
We hope to be able to resume it in the not too distant future , but as of right now we cannot say when that will be or whether it indeed happen at all .
The website will remain online and we will update it should our financial status change .
I apologize for taking so long to post this announcement , but up until now we were genuinely expecting development to resume in February .
We all know there ’s a lot of blame to go around for the ongoing disaster in the gulf .
In the weeks since the Horizon rig first came unglued , all the principals in this mess have taken turns pointing fingers at one another .
Now , it ’s our turn .
We applied Grist ’s scientific , who ’s - fault - is - it - really , assessment method .
The results are now in .
And the proud winners are . . .
BP , 37 percent
Topped the chain of command on the Deepwater Horizon rig .
Took risks to lower costs .
Cut corners on testing cement .
Failed to implement safety measures like an acoustic switch .
Misled about its ability to prevent spills in deep water .
Overruled crew objections on day of explosion .
Grossly underestimated the rate of the spill .
Minerals Management Service , 11 percent
Long history of cozy relationship with oil and gas industry , including a busy revolving door .
A “ culture of ethical failure , ” [ PDF ] according to the Interior Department ’s inspector general , including scandals involving sex , drugs , and gifts from regulated corporations .
Allowed oil and gas companies to set safety standards and procedures .
Cut back number of safety inspections .
Regularly granted oil companies exemptions from environmental studies .
Top management overruled objections from staff biologists and engineers about safety and environmental impact .
Let oil companies evaluate own performance , and even turn in reports written in pencil that MMS staffers would then trace over in pen .
Failure to collect billions in royalties from oil companies — “ a jaw - dropping example of bureaucratic bungling , ” the inspector general says .
Read more about MMS corruption and incompetence .
Barack Obama , 9 percent
Failed to make sweeping changes across the Interior Department and at the Minerals Management Service specifically , though it was clear from that start of his tenure that the agencies badly needed reform .
( He ’s finally acting now . )
Too deferential to BP on estimates of the disaster ’s scale , on cleanup , and on use of dispersants .
Too slow in projecting a “ take charge ” image and getting cleanup moving .
Too slow in using the disaster to call for real reform of our energy system ( though he is now finally doing so ) .
George Bush & Dick Cheney , 9 percent
Pushed more , more , more drilling — offshore , onshore , everywhere .
Staffed MMS with industry - friendly cronies and allowed it to become a “ candy store ” for oil and gas companies .
Failed to reform MMS even when corruption scandals erupted .
Hacked away at regulatory structure across the board , clearing the way for industry to do what it pleases .
Congress , 5 percent
Weak oversight of regulatory agencies like MMS .
Failure to require cutting - edge safety measures , such as acoustic switches .
Ongoing support , including tax breaks and incentives , for offshore drilling .
Insufficient support for alternative sources of energy .
Failure to pass effective and meaningful legislation to reform energy system .
Transocean , 2 percent
In charge of operation of rig , meaning that failure of any equipment , including blowout prevents , was its responsibility .
Rig crew may have missed warning signals before explosion .
Has vague emergency procedures .
Halliburton , 3 percent
Possible contamination of cement used to seal well at Deepwater Horizon rig .
Possible leak of natural gas through cement seal .
The Rest of Us , 22 percent
We drive .
We fly .
We buy gizmos and food shipped long distances .
We consume petrochemicals via our clothes , furniture , gadgets , painkillers , cosmetics , magazines , meals .
And we do n’t fight hard enough to change the system .
Willy Jump ( right ) with her son Frank and Amy Ashworth , marching with PFLAG in the 1987 New York City Pride March .
Willy Jump was born Willy Broekveldt in Amsterdam , Netherlands , on August 2 , 1936 of Frisian origins .
Willy emigrated to the United States in 1958 to marry Harold Jump , whom she had met in Amsterdam while Jump was stationed in Germany during the Korean War a few years prior .
In the early 1970s , I came out to my parents and Willy pledged to help other parents cope with learning about their children ’s sexual orientation .
My mother first marched with me at the National March on Washington for Lesbian and Gay Rights in 1979 , for which I was part of the planning the year before in Philadelphia as a representative of Gay People at Queens College .
Amsterdam - born activist Mom succumbed to complication of COVID - 19
We went backstage to meet some of the parents from what was then called National Parents of Gays — and we met the New York City PFLAG co-chairs Amy and Dick Ashworth .
Willy was immediately drawn to Amy since they looked like sisters ( and later became as close as sisters ) and my mom heard a Dutch accent that they shared in common .
The following summer of 1980 was Willy ’s first of more than 20 consecutive years marching in the New York City Pride March with PFLAG .
Parents of Gays had briefly become POLAGM — Parents of Lesbians & Gay Men — before becoming PFLAG .
My suggestion to the PFLAG board one year to continue our course of ever greater inclusion in the organization ’s name was to call ourselves PFLABAGASTR — Parents & Friends of Lesbians & Bisexuals & Gays & Sometimes Transgenders .
They did n’t go for it .
In 1980 when the Pride Parade was still a “ march , ” I told my mom to meet me on the corner of Bedford & Christopher Streets an hour before the march actually began its lurch uptown toward Central Park — thinking it would n’t be that crowded yet .
So there I was looking for Willy amongst the throngs of leather queens , drag queens , dykes on bikes , and twinks , screaming , “ MOM ! MOM ? ” on a lamp post I had climbed .
Almost immediately this handsome older guy with an impish smile and a little space between his teeth came up to me and tugged at my pant leg , shouting over the din in an incredibly hoarse voice that seemed incongruous to his appearance — putting his fingernail up to his mouth to hide his incredulity —
“ You really are n’t looking for your MOM but some big queen you call MOM — right ? ”
“ No , I said , slowly realizing who it was that was inquiring .
“ I really am looking for my Mom . ”
Then in rapid - fire , breathy - dragon - voice that sputtered like a typewriter on steroids , he shouted , “ OH MY GOD !
If my mother would just even acknowledge my being gay let alone come march with me !
COME MARCH WITH ME ?
I could just die right now and go to heaven a happy drag queen .
Do you know how lucky you are ?
I have to meet this WOMAN !
MOM ! MOM ! MOM ! ”
And almost as soon as he had appeared , so did my mother .
“ Hi Frankie .
Who is your friend ? ”
“ This is the infamous Harvey Fierstein , ” I proudly exclaimed .
“ Points !
Points !
You are scoring here , ” Harvey raspily whispered .
“ And this is my mother , Willy Jump , ” I continued .
Harvey grabbed my mother around the neck and planted a wet one on her cheek .
Coincidentally , the two of them would run into each other for the next decade at LGBTQ events and panel discussions .
When I ran into Harvey repeatedly over the years — from his book signings to rides on the subway while he was going to the theater to perform “ Torch Song ” to spotting him on parade floats — he always gave me a warm greeting , “ HOW ’S YOUR MOTHER ? ”
Willy volunteered at PFLAG for more than 20 years , counseling parents of LGBTQ children and fundraising for the group ’s annual dinners .
Willy Jump and Amy Ashworth , marching together again in the 1992 Pride March .
On Facebook , on the day I announced my mother ’s death , my friend Jay Blotcher wrote , “ What a dynamo she was !
What joyous energy and awareness and defiance .
I ’m so sorry she has left us .
Willy was a perfect surrogate mother for a generation of ACT UP and LGBTQ people … her passing is a loss to the entire progressive community . ”
Willy Broekveldt Jump died on April 22 of complications related to COVID - 19 after a long battle with Alzheimer ’s Disease .
Donations in the name of Willy Jump can be made to :
PFLAG NYC
130 East 25th Street , Suite M1
New York , NY 10010
Make checks payable to PFLAG NYC .
Donations can also be made in memory of Willy Jump at pflagnyc.org / donate .
Frank Jump , who worked alongside his mother Willy Jump for many years in PFLAG and other LGBTQ rights activism , is an artist and educator and the author of “ Fading Ads of NYC ” ( History Press , 2011 ) .
https://www.gaycitynews.com/willy-jump-pflag-nyc-pioneer-dies-at-83/
Thank you Paul Schindler & Andy Humm
May 1 at 11:58 PM
·
Willy Jump , right in the photo , was the cool mom in PFLAG which she served as a parent advocate for 25 years .
Here her son , activist and teacher Frank Jump , pays moving tribute to her and their life of activism together going back to attending the first March on Washington for Lesbian and Gay Rights together in 1979 .
The other mom in this picture ( at left ) from a NYC Pride March is the late Amy Ashworth , like Willy from Holland and like Willy a tireless activist for LGBT rights and social justice for all .
Most have no idea how much these moms accomplished –from joining us on the front lines to speaking to school groups to going on TV to stick up for their kids to the essential work of PFLAG : helping parents accept their LGBT children .
Rest in power .
Rep . Dave Reichert ’s “ conscience - driven independent streak ” was on display once again last week in a closed - door meeting with 8th Congressional District Republican PCO ’s , where the three - term congressman attempted to defend the strategy behind his handful of pro-environmental votes .
But before speaking frankly , he had to make sure that he was amongst friends :
Now , first of all , are there any reporters in the room ?
Does anybody recognize … are there any people in here that you recognize as strangers ?
So we know that all of us in here are family , right ?
Well , apparently not , hence the leak of this secretly recorded audio from the meeting , which I now provide to you , totally unedited :
[ audio : http://horsesass.org/wp-content/uploads/ReichertEnvironment.mp3]
Are n’t full - featured smart phones wonderful ?
Rep .
Reichert goes on to explain the “ certain moves , chess pieces , strategies ” he must employ to hold his “ 50/50 district , ” even if it means breaking with his party , and his conscience , to occasionally cast a vote in favor of the environment .
Uh , I just wanted to be honest with you .
You know Jennifer Dunn was an environmentalist , uh , in her votes , too .
Uh , she was also pro-choice .
I do n’t know if most of you remember that now .
But , but , if you want to hold on to this district , there are certain , there are certain things that you must , uh , do .
This is a 50/50 district .
Notice how Reichert distinguishes between being an environmentalist , and being an environmentalist in one ’s votes .
That ’s kinda the whole theme here .
Now if you look at Senator Brown ’s race , uh , he took , in order for him to win that race in Massachusetts , it took 60 percent of the independent votes to win .
Now you may not get , if you watch Senator Brown ’s votes now over the next six years you might say , “ What the heck … why did we vote for him ? ” you know , Massachusetts people .
But he ’s going to be maybe 70/30 , maybe he ’s going to be an 80 / 20 , but at least you do n’t have a 99 percent / one .
You know 99 D , one percent R. Uh , you have a 70/30 , 80/20 .
You have got to pick your battles .
Hear that ?
You gotta pick your battles .
And while Reichert loves to regale his audiences with tales of being shot at , and staring the Green River Killer straight in the eyes ( indeed , at almost six and a half minutes , this may be the longest I ’ve ever heard Reichert go without mentioning his stint as sheriff ) , hell if he ’s gonna take on those scary , hemp - wearing , granola - crunching , tree - hugging environmentalists .
Uh , if you look at the Pombo race in California – all of you remember Mr. Pombo ?
– he was a 20 percent .
He had 20 percent victory in California .
He was a huge roadblock to the environmentalists .
They came in – was it two years ago we lost ?
– two or four years ago he lost .
The environmental groups came in with millions of dollars and flipped that 20 percent , 20 points , they flipped that district .
He lost .
And Reichert …?
I only have two to three percent to play with , every two years , and I have to raise three to four million dollars to stay in , to do it .
I am a 90/10. 90 to 10 , if you look at my votes .
All the TARP votes are no , all the stimulus package votes are no , the health care I ’ve been no all three times .
Let ’s be clear : Reichert is no environmental leader , and he sure as hell does n’t want to be perceived as one , at least not behind closed Republican doors .
He votes 90 % with his Republican leadership , and that other 10 % …?
Well , that ’s just what he needs to do in order to keep those big , bad environmentalists from kneecapping him the same way they did poor Rep. Pombo .
Wild Sky was a done deal .
It was already in its process .
It had been worked on for eight years before I even came to Congress .
Jennifer Dunn endorsed Wild Sky , and I followed in her footsteps per her advice . [ … ]
So , uh , you know , it , it , it , was it was a good vote .
It was a good move on my part to do that .
…
Because I ’ve only , I ’ve , supported Wild Sky , I ’ve supported Alpine Lakes , because of the reasons that I just laid out to you .
They are – what I ’ve done is taken out I ’ve taken them out of the game in this district .
They ’re out .
Hear that , Washington Conservation Voters and other environmental groups ?
Reichert has taken you “ out of the game ” in his district .
You ’re out .
So … how ’s it feel to be played by Dave Reichert ?
And it ’s not like we all did n’t have a heads up , for this is n’t the first time Reichert has publicly said a little more than he probably should ’ve about his brand of pragmatic politics … for example this 2006 speech before the Mainstream Republicans in which he insists on detailing the obvious :
And so when the leadership comes to me and says , “ Dave we need you to take a vote over here , because we want to protect you and keep this majority , ” I do it .
Of course , less surprising than Reichert ’s repeated admission that he blatantly panders to environmentalists in order to maintain his 90 % Republican voting record in his 50/50 district , is that the Seattle Times rewarded him for it by outrageously lauding him as a “ conscience - driven independent . ”
How embarrassing .
And not just for the Times .
For while environmental leaders may feel like they ’ve scored a strategic victory by strong - arming Reichert into compliance , their narrow focus on their own legislative agenda ends up hurting the broader agenda of the progressive community as a whole .
WA - 08 is a 50/50 district with a congressman who votes 90 / 10 , at least partially because environmental groups have failed to hold Reichert responsible for his hypocrisy .
Were he representing a more conservative district , that might be acceptable , but we could do much better than that in WA - 08 … if only environmental voters in his district would take Reichert at his word , rather than his vote .
Germany 's two - goal hero Thomas Mueller believes the " alpha - male " culture in the England team will hinder their chances of becoming successful .
Mueller scored twice for Germany in their 4 - 1 win over England on Sunday in the last - 16 stage of the World Cup .
" It is difficult to have so many ' alpha males ' and have them row in the same direction , " said the 20 - year - old .
" You do n't only need chiefs , you also need a few Indians .
You need people who are willing to do the hard work . "
He added : " It may be a problem with England that players are simply not mentally prepared to go that extra mile for their team - mates . "
Meanwhile , Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said that England were " killed by their own impatience " during their defeat to Germany .
The Frenchman believes England should have used their experience to stop Germany 's counter - attacking threat .
England pulled the score back to 2 - 1 and had a goal disallowed but were hit on the break when chasing an equaliser .
" England had taken over the game and I think they were killed by their impatience , " Wenger told Arsenal 's website .
" They came back in the second half to 2 - 1 and they controlled the game .
" What made me sad was that , with the experience they had , they were caught .
It was free - kick for England , goal for Germany .
" You do what they did with five minutes to go OK but not with 25 minutes left . "
606 : DEBATE
The Germans play a style of physical , go - forward football that we can relate to but they also have midfield players capable of holding on to the ball
johnb England 's disappointing performances in the tournament in South Africa has led to criticism of manager Fabio Capello , the players , the structure of the Premier League as well as increasing calls for a winter break .
However , Wenger believes the levels of expectation weighed heavily on the England camp .
" Many teams start slow in the group stage , " he said .
" I remember in 2006 , France were horrible in the group stage but they found momentum in the quarter - final and semi-final because they had no pressure any more .
" England suffered under pressure .
They did not look sharp .
" Also England did not seem to be at the level to use their main strength - the huge pace they put in the game .
" Was that physical fatigue or a mental reason ?
I do not know but you never found the sense of English football in there . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Getting enough sleep is something most of us take for granted .
But for some families the ability to have a good night 's rest could lie in their genes .
A neurological condition called Restless Leg Syndrome , or RLS , affects millions of people around the world .
It 's more common in women than men and researchers have now identified a genetic link .
The condition - which gets worse at rest and at night - has meant that Beverley Finn has n't had a good night 's sleep in 46 years .
She comes from a family of 6 sisters - all of whom are affected by RLS to a degree .
Although RLS mostly affects the limbs , in Beverley 's case it 's her stomach .
She has to get up and walk about to relieve her pain .
RLS usually occurs on its own , but it can occasionally be caused by a physical illness , such as iron and vitamin deficiencies , diabetes or kidney problems .
It can also happen in pregnancy .
Some people liken their RLS to having fizzy drinks running through their veins , or having ' itching bones ' .
Dr Adrian Williams , who 's a Consultant in Sleep at St Thomas ' hospital in London , says that understanding which genes are involved could point towards future therapies .
You ’re a veteran of the Iraq war and a former Navy submarine officer who ’s now a scholar of nuclear policy at Columbia University .
You ’re also among the newly emergent big - bang crowd that wants to blow up the leaking well in the Gulf of Mexico .
I advocate the demolition of the well .
It ’s feasible to use nuclear explosives .
The Russians did it four times with a 100 - percent success rate .
But I fear the mere mention of the nuclear option has only given opponents and unnamed oil engineers a straw man to attack .
I ’m sure you ’re aware that the energy secretary , Steven Chu , appears to be opposed to the idea of blowing up the well to bring it under control .
He seems to oppose using nuclear weapons .
The approach I favor is a conventional demolition , not nuclear .
Any combination of explosives that could be used to break the well and bury it under a lot of rock could be effective .
Why has n’t that been done ?
I ’m very skeptical about why we have n’t done it .
I think the reason is that when the oil companies are in charge of bringing the solutions to the table , they are going to advocate solutions that allow them to continue recovering the oil .
Why is the language of drilling so studded with macho jargon , as in “ top kill ” ?
I think people want to overdramatize the problem .
It ’s really an underwater - plumbing problem .
BIRMINGHAM , Ala . 
“ It ’s going to be cold , and some pressure , O.K. ? ”
The medical assistant guided the gelled ultrasound transducer across the pregnant woman ’s belly .
The patient , a 36 - year - old divorced woman named Laura , stared straight ahead , away from the grainy image on the screen to her side .
The technician told Laura she was at 11 weeks .
“ Do you want to see your ultrasound ? ” she asked .
“ I ’d rather not , ” Laura answered promptly .
Laura , who asked that her last name not be used , had come to the New Woman All Women Health Care clinic in Birmingham with her mind set on having an abortion .
And she felt that seeing the image of her bean - size fetus would only unleash her already hormonal emotions , without changing her mind .
“ It just would have added to the pain of what is already a difficult decision , ” she said later .
Over the last decade , ultrasound has quietly become a new front in the grinding state - by - state battle over abortion .
With backing from anti-abortion groups , which argue that sonograms can help persuade women to preserve pregnancies , 20 states have enacted laws that encourage or require the use of ultrasound .
Standing Up for Helen Thomas Long - time White House correspondent Helen Thomas was right to apologize for a stupid remark she made about Israeli Jews leaving Palestine , but another ugly part of this incident was how her “ mainstream ” colleagues quickly turned on this 89 - year - old icon .
Email
Printer friendly Washington Post media writer Howard Kurtz penned a retrospective on Thomas ’s apology and sudden retirement from journalism , giving Thomas ’s critics a free shot at denouncing her for a supposed lack of “ objectivity , ” a principle that has been as absent in the modern Washington press corps as frugality and common sense on Wall Street .
The simple truth is that the media ’s acceptable bias on the Middle East is almost entirely in the opposite direction .
Thomas , who is of Lebanese descent , has been one of the few Washington journalists who dared criticize Israeli mistreatment of Muslims in Palestine , Lebanon and elsewhere – and who views Arabs as people deserving of respect and human rights .
The dominant Washington media view , as articulated by the Washington Post ’s neoconservative editorial section , has been that Israel is always right , except for some possible tactical misjudgments , and that Muslim organizations and nations that oppose Israel are “ terrorists . ”
In recent years , Israel ’s disproportionate retaliation against people in Gaza , the West Bank and Lebanon has been defended as a proper response to Arab aggression .
Israel ’s own history of using terrorism , invading its neighbors and hiding a nuclear weapons arsenal is left outside the media frame .
The Washington press corps also has clambered eagerly onboard the bandwagon for U.S. military invasions of Muslim nations .
When President George W. Bush was justifying an unprovoked attack on Iraq in 2002 - 03 , the New York Times and other big news outlets happily took their seats next to the neocons driving for war .
After Bush ’s invasion toppled Saddam Hussein ’s regime , MSNBC host Chris Matthews ridiculed the war ’s critics and declared , “ we ’re all neocons now . ”
Then , several months after the invasion when the promised Iraqi WMD stockpiles had n’t materialized , Bush began revising the history in front of the White House press corps by claiming that Hussein had barred United Nations inspectors from Iraq , leaving Bush no choice but to invade .
On July 14 , 2003 , Bush told reporters , “ We gave him [ Saddam Hussein ] a chance to allow the inspectors in , and he would n’t let them in .
And , therefore , after a reasonable request , we decided to remove him from power . ”
Facing no direct contradiction of this lie , Bush continued repeating it again and again for the next five years .
The objective truth was that Hussein had let the inspectors examine any site of their choosing for months , and they were forced out not by Hussein but by Bush in the days before he launched his “ shock - and - awe ” invasion .
In those days , however , it was scary to challenge Bush .
Only One Helen Thomas
As the Iraq War claimed the lives of thousands of U.S. soldiers and hundreds of thousands of Iraqis , the key problem with the Washington press corps was n’t that it had one Helen Thomas , it was that it only had one Helen Thomas , someone willing to ask the impertinent but important question that pierced the conventional wisdom which dangerously restricts the capital ’s policy debates .
Thomas also had the integrity to refuse to allow her name and reputation to be used by South Korean theocrat ( and right - wing funder ) Sun Myung Moon when he took over United Press International in 2000 .
Then the best - known journalist at UPI , she resigned as an act of principle .
Though Moon was a notorious propagandist who had founded the Washington Times in 1982 as a vehicle for supporting some American politicians ( such as Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush ) and for tearing down others ( such as John Kerry , Bill Clinton and Al Gore ) , much of the “ objective ” Washington press corps tolerated and even promoted Moon ’s curious newspaper .
In the mid-1980s , after Moon ’s newspaper signed up for the Associated Press wire service , AP executives told AP staffers , including me , that we were no longer allowed to mention Moon ’s connection to the newspaper when we cited the Washington Times ’ reporting in AP copy .
That policy change meant that readers of AP stories around the world would n’t be alerted to the propaganda element of Moon ’s operation .
Other respected Washington news figures , such as C - SPAN ’s Brian Lamb , actively promoted Moon ’s newspaper by hoisting up its articles before viewers , many of whom had no idea that the Times ’ owner was a religious cult leader with mysterious ties to foreign intelligence services and to international crime syndicates .
[ For details , see Robert Parry ’s Secrecy & Privilege . ]
So , while Moon ’s newspaper was influencing the U.S. political debate with propagandistic articles – and while Moon was spreading around money for political and journalism conferences – Helen Thomas was one of the few prominent figures in the Washington press corps to object .
( After resigning from UPI , she took a job as a columnist for the Hearst newspapers . )
Nevertheless , Helen Thomas is now pilloried as the crazy , unprofessional one , as Kurtz made clear in his article .
“ She asked questions no hard - news reporter would ask , that carried an agenda and reflected her point of view and there were some reporters who felt that was inappropriate , ” CBS correspondent Mark Knoller was quoted as saying .
“ Sometimes her questions were embarrassing to others . ” ‘ Crazy Stuff ’
“ She ’s always said crazy stuff , ” added National Review Online columnist Jonah Goldberg , whose “ journalism ” career was launched as a defender of his mother , Lucianne Goldberg , after she advised disgruntled federal employee Linda Tripp to tape her conversations with President Bill Clinton ’s girlfriend Monica Lewinsky and to save the semen - stained blue dress .
“ I did my bit in the trenches of Clinton ’s trousers , ” Goldberg once wrote .
Goldberg is now a frequent guest on high - profile TV news shows , such as ABC ’s “ Good Morning America , ” “ Nightline , ” MSNBC ’s “ Hardball with Chris Matthews , ” CNN ’s “ Larry King Live , ” and , of course , many Fox News shows .
As examples of Helen Thomas ’s “ crazy stuff , ” Kurtz cited some of her questions as if the very words proved her unfitness to work as a national journalist .
For instance , he wrote : “ In 2002 , Thomas asked [ White House press secretary Ari ] Fleischer : ‘ Does the president think that the Palestinians have a right to resist 35 years of brutal military occupation and suppression ? ’ ”
Apparently , no further comment was needed for Washington Post readers to understand how outlandish such a question was .
Kurtz continued : “ Four years later , Thomas told Fleischer ’s successor , Tony Snow , that the United States ‘ could have stopped the bombardment of Lebanon ’ by Israel , but instead had ‘ gone for collective punishment against all of Lebanon and Palestine . ’
Snow tartly thanked her for ‘ the Hezbollah view . ’ ”
Kurtz praises some of Thomas ’s colleagues who alerted the world to the dangers of Helen Thomas earlier .
He wrote : “ A handful of journalists questioned her role over the years .
In a 2006 New Republic piece , Jonathan Chait accused Thomas of ‘ unhinged rants , ’ noting that she had asked such questions as : ‘ Why are we killing people in Iraq ?
Men , women , and children are being killed there …
It ’s outrageous . ’ ”
Again , Kurtz appears to believe that the absurdity of Thomas ’s statement is self - evident .
Pinning Obama
Even in the final months of her career , Thomas continued her role as a burr under the saddle of Official Washington .
At Obama ’s first press conference as president , Thomas tried to pierce one of the core hypocrisies of Washington – the double standard regarding Israel ’s rogue nuclear weapons arsenal – by asking Obama if he knew of any country in the Middle East that possessed nukes .
Obama stumbled in response , saying he did n’t want to “ speculate . ”
Her query , however , drew the predictable fury from the Right .
It was assuredly one of those inconvenient questions that made many of her press colleagues roll their eyes .
The pack behavior of the Washington press corps was on display again in the fury that followed Thomas ’s off - the - cuff response to a question on May 27 from a rabbi with a video - camera who asked her for “ any comments on Israel ? ”
Thomas responded by saying that Israeli Jews “ should get the hell out of Palestine ” and “ go home ” to Germany , Poland and the United States .
When the video went viral on the Internet and a firestorm ensued , Thomas abruptly quit her job as a Hearst columnist , ending a career that dated back to the Kennedy era when she was a trailblazing woman breaking into the Old Boys club of Washington journalism .
On Monday , Thomas issued a statement repudiating her May 27 comments , saying they “ do not reflect my heartfelt belief that peace will come to the Middle East only when all parties recognize the need for mutual respect and tolerance . ”
With that Thomas departed the scene and the thankful Washington press corps was finally freed from those periodic embarrassments of having to watch presidents squirm in reaction to Thomas ’s out - of - the - box questions .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Hitler used the 1936 Olympics as a propaganda tool , inadvertently creating the modern Games , complete with torch relays , grand stadiums , publicity films and screens set up outside to transmit the Games .
What the Nazis could n’t stage - manage were the outcomes , and wonderful story of Jesse Owens smashing Hitler ’s theories of racial superiority on the 100 m sprint is an oft repeated story .
( Enthusiastic crowd reaction on this clip suggests that the German people are less Aryan - obsessed than Hitler .
Although his coach warned Owens about a potentially hostile crowd , there were German cheers of “ Yesseh Oh- vens ” or just “ Oh- vens ” from the crowd .
Owens was a true celebrity in Berlin , mobbed by autograph seekers . )
It is oft mentioned that the Nazi leader refused to present Jesse Owens with his medal , shake his hand and subsequently stormed out of the stadium .
However , Hitler was not even in the stadium when Jesse Owens was securing his medals , and his absence was more to do with his row with the Olympic organizers than with Owens .
Hitler had congratulated German athletes on the first day , only to be informed by the IOC officials that he should congratulate all athletes or none , in order to show neutrality as the presiding head of state .
In a characteristic fit of petulance , Hitler refused congratulate anyone after the first day of the competition , not even the German athletes .
( Hitler did snub a black American athlete on the first day ; just before Cornelius Johnson was to be decorated , Hitler left the stadium . )
Jesse Owens tried his best to correct the myth - making that went on around him : he admitted that he received the greatest ovations of his career at Berlin .
he recalled : “ When I passed the Chancellor he arose , waved his hand at me , and I waved back at him .
I think the writers showed bad taste in criticizing [ Hitler ] ….
Hitler did n’t snub me — it was FDR who snubbed me .
The president did n’t even send me a telegram ” .
Such was an atmosphere of segregation back in the U.S. that Owens was never invited to the White House to be congratulated .
When there was a ticker - tape parade in New York in his honour , he had to attend the reception at the Waldorf - Astoria using the back elevator set aside for blacks .
( Even in Berlin , he was allowed to travel and stay together with whites ) .
As California 's public schools have increasingly poured attention and resources into the state 's struggling students , high academic learners - the so - called gifted students - have been getting the short shrift , a policy decision that some worry could leave the United States at a competitive disadvantage .
Critics see courses tailored for exceptional students as elitist and not much of an issue when compared with the vast number of students who are lagging grades behind their peers or dropping out of school .
But a growing chorus of parents and advocates is asking the contentious question :
What about the smart kids ?
" We have countries like India , Singapore , China , and they realize the future productivity of their country is an investment in their intellectual and creative resources , " said gifted education expert Joseph Renzulli .
By ignoring the needs of gifted students , the achievement gap separating the best students from the worst will be closed " by pulling it down from the top rather than jacking it up from the bottom , " he said .
Gifted and Talented Education ( GATE ) programs even in the best of economic times have gotten only a token nod in school budgets , but in recent years , funding for those programs has eroded further as school districts have grappled with ever - shrinking budgets .
Meanwhile , spending on programs to help the lowest - achieving students has increased with a boost from federal stimulus money and statewide efforts to target struggling schools .
At the federal level , $ 8 billion has been set aside this year to help the country 's worst schools , while the entire $ 7 million budgeted for GATE - the equivalent of about $ 140,000 for each of the 50 states - is on the chopping block .
At the same time , California set aside about $ 39.9 million for the state 's 490,000 gifted children .
That 's about 8 cents for every $ 100 spent on education - and down from $ 46.8 million in 2008 - 09 .
On top of that , a new state law allows local school districts to divert any or all of its GATE money to help cover budget shortfalls .
School districts have had to make tough decisions .
Earlier this year at Berkeley High School , for example , district officials proposed cutting extra science labs for honors and advanced placement students , citing a need to spread the funding out to meet the needs of a greater number of students .
Trying to cover shortfall
San Francisco schools have proposed siphoning off a third of that district 's GATE funding to cover a major budget shortfall over the next two years .
Officials hope to fill the void using grants and other sources of money , including 2004 's Proposition H funds designated for art , music and other student programs .
" It 's not a rosy time for gifted education , " said Renzulli , of the University of Connecticut Neag Center for Gifted Education and Talent Development .
With little funding for services , GATE supporters say gifted children are too often parked in the corner of classrooms and given busywork while their peers catch up .
' Bright kids told to wait '
" Literally , some teachers tell kids to stop reading a book because they 'll get too far ahead of their classmates , " said Jane Clarenbach , director of public education for the National Association for Gifted Children .
" Why are the bright kids told to wait for the others to catch up ?
Why ca n't we feed that passion ? "
Historically , GATE programs have identified and then served students who post high IQs or show an exceptional academic ability - children , for example , who show up on the first day of school already knowing a third to half of what they 'll be taught that year .
Because the criteria determining whether a student is qualified for the program are left to each school district , the percentage of children identified as gifted can range from 2 to 25 percent .
The National Association for Gifted Children believes about 6 percent of U.S. schoolchildren fall into the academically gifted category .
Advocates say supporting gifted students is n't just about creating a bright future for the nation ; it 's also a commitment to meet educational needs of exceptional students and just as valid as programs for low - achieving students .
But as the achievement gap widened between white , Asian or wealthy students and their black , Hispanic or low - income peers , education policymakers have set a laserlike focus on the poorest performing students in the past decade .
Under No Child Left Behind , schools have faced penalties for students who do n't reach proficiency , giving school districts little incentive to focus on their gifted students .
There is no legal obligation to serve exceptional students .
" It 's never been federally required , " said Pat O'Connell Johnson of the U.S. Department of Education .
A rare commitment
In the San Mateo - Foster City Elementary School District , officials say they are committed to meeting the needs of the brightest students , kids like Cate Stoehr .
Cate , 10 , calls herself just a regular kid - albeit one who ranks within the top 1 percent of the population when it comes to intelligence .
She 's one of 60 fourth - and fifth - grade students in the district 's special class for highly gifted students at College Park Elementary School .
In this class , teachers cover the state 's grade - level curriculum , but in a way that delves well past the basics .
A fourth - grade lesson on electricity and magnetism , for example , might include several days spent drawing a schematic and building an electrical device , said school Principal Diana Hallock .
Huddled over a worksheet filled with story problems related to the mathematical order of operations , Cate said her previous elementary school in the district was n't challenging enough and she struggled to fit in .
" Sometimes , I felt sort of embarrassed when I answered a question , " she said .
" A lot of the friends I found here were better .
They were nicer to me . "
Cate 's special day class - a term often associated with special education - is part of the district 's comprehensive GATE program , which includes separate classes and services at the elementary and middle school levels .
It 's a rare level of commitment to gifted and talented students .
The district gets about $ 65,000 in state GATE funding to administer the program , enough to pay for a part - time administrator , testing and identification of students , teacher training , parent orientations and some materials .
District officials say they vowed a long time ago to serve all students ' needs - struggling , gifted and everyone in between .
" Our district is not just for students who are n't proficient , " said Associate Superintendent Toni-Sue Passantino .
Too costly to ignore
Ignoring the needs of gifted children can be costly , experts say .
A bored child can have behavioral problems .
" A lot of gifted kids do n't look gifted in the classroom , they 're so tuned out , " said David Palmer , licensed educational psychologist and instructor with the UC Irvine Extension Education , which provides gifted education training to teachers .
" Not all gifted kids are high achievers . "
Some struggle with social or emotional problems and others are misdiagnosed with attention - deficit / hyperactivity disorder , autism or behavioral disorders , Palmer said .
Children in low - income communities have historically posted lower numbers of gifted students - the result of underidentification rather than student intelligence .
Districts like San Francisco and Oakland have made concerted efforts to find gifted children among all socio-economic levels .
In Oakland , district officials test every third - grader after getting parent permission .
The policy , implemented within the past three years , nearly doubled the number of gifted students in the city 's schools .
Last year , 4,145 students were identified as gifted - a rate of nearly 1 in 4 students .
With limited funds , Oakland decided to focus on training teachers in differential instruction - that is teaching the same topic in a way that will reach all spectrums of student achievement , including its most advanced learners .
In San Francisco , officials abandoned using IQ or standardized tests as the sole determinant of giftedness and evaluate students comprehensively looking for academic , musical , artistic or other indicators that qualify them for GATE .
But once students get into GATE , the programs vary wildly .
Some districts create special schools or classrooms like the one in San Mateo 's College Park .
Others , including Oakland , assign gifted students to once - a - week , special pullout classes where the pupils do hands - on projects .
Other students are given different classroom work from their peers , including advanced reading material or special homework .
Other GATE students are assigned to be teacher 's aides or peer tutors .
And in some schools and districts , students are increasingly given a gifted status attached to their permanent academic file , but are offered no services .
That 's inadequate , experts say .
" Children who could have a tremendous impact on our planet are shortchanged , " said Angela Jeantet , director of UC Irvine 's Extension Education .
GATE " is more like a bother because they have to focus on other things . "
Those close to House Minority Whip Eric Cantor do n't deny his ambitions , but even they are uncertain of his next move .
| John Shinkle / POLITICO
Cantor 's ambition raises concerns
House Minority Whip Eric Cantor has asked the ethics committee to greenlight a national book tour this August for a new GOP manifesto he ’s co-authoring with two younger members of Congress , according to sources familiar with the situation .
This is classic Cantor : a hyperambitious move to publish and push ideas he thinks will help rebrand the GOP , on his terms — and not necessarily those of his boss , Minority Leader John Boehner .
If this were an isolated incident , it would pass without a peep .
But it ’s not : Cantor is earning a reputation for pushing his ideas so hard and so often that some GOP colleagues are questioning his motives .
Is he guided by a burning desire to help the party — or to boost himself ?
Advertisement
“ Boehner is running 1994 all over again , ” a senior Republican lawmaker said , meaning Boehner wants to rely on a wave of voter anger with Democrats to ride into the majority .
“ Cantor and [ California Rep. Kevin McCarthy ] see it totally differently . ”
McCarthy serves as Cantor ’s top lieutenant in the whip organization and is one of the co-authors , along with Rep. Paul Ryan ( R - Wis. ) , of Cantor ’s new book , “ Young Guns . ”
Those close to Cantor do n’t deny his ambitions — but even they are uncertain of his next move .
If Republicans take control of the House in November , the 47 - year - old Cantor would become the youngest majority leader in more than 60 years .
That would put him next in line to become speaker if and when Boehner leaves .
The choice is tougher if the GOP falls short .
If it does , sources close to Cantor say he would have to decide very quickly whether to stay in the House — and hope for a Republican victory in 2012 — or turn his attention to running for the Senate or for governor .
At this point , those sources do n’t expect Cantor to both hold a top leadership job and prepare for a different office .
Running for higher offices would be a difficult call .
Lt. Gov. Bill Bolling is seen as the GOP front - runner for governor , and other Virginia Republicans , including former Sen.
George Allen , have their eye on the Senate race , too .
“ He ’ll be the first Jewish Republican something , ” a House GOP lawmaker said of Cantor .
The “ first Jewish Republican speaker , the first Jewish Republican vice president or first Jewish Republican president . ”
“ He could be any of those three , ” said Rep. Darrell Issa ( R - Calif . ) , who came to Capitol Hill with Cantor in 2001 .
“ He always has been fairly closemouthed about what he wants to be , but he could be any of those things . ”
That ’s the rub for some Republicans .
It is clear Cantor is restless , both in terms of his own political path and often the one charted by others , including Boehner .
Cantor declined to comment for this article — and Boehner offered a conventional we - get - along - just - fine response .
“ We have a good working relationship , ” Boehner told POLITICO .
“ Eric works extremely hard , and he brings an awful lot to the table . ”
Boehner , though , concedes the two men “ have very different styles . ”
POLITICO talked to numerous GOP lawmakers for this story , some on the condition their names would not be used , so they could speak candidly about a sensitive topic and relationship .
People inside the GOP leadership circle say there is rarely noticeable friction between the two men — rather , there are clear personal and stylistic differences and distance .
Boehner is a backslapper who loves golf and socializes with his friends after hours at an Italian restaurant on Capitol Hill .
Cantor is a serious wonk , hard to read and harder to really know well .
Boehner likes to joke around ; he has often mocked Cantor for wearing Gucci loafers .
Cantor is hyperactive , intensely focused and seemingly always in motion .
“ They ’re not going to be vacationing together anytime soon , but I think they get along OK , ” said a veteran GOP lawmaker .
The two did spar privately over the creation of America Speaking Out , Boehner ’s pet project for crafting a new agenda .
Cantor wanted the program run out of the National Republican Congressional Committee , which would have allowed party leaders to capture names and then hit those people up for cash and campaign help .
Cantor was familiar with the problems of mixing politics and policy .
He was forced to pull the plug on the National Council for a New America , after Democrats complained that it violated ethics laws , which prohibit mingling policy staff with political work .
It was an embarrassing flop for Cantor .
Boehner felt strongly his program should be housed inside the official GOP leadership structure , so he could use congressional employees and the appearance of officialdom to sell it .
The argument came to a head when Cantor and McCarthy had a heated exchange with Boehner chief of staff Barry Jackson , according to a source familiar with the situation .
Boehner ’s view prevailed , and ever since , Cantor has basically blown off the Boehner program to focus on his own initiatives .
All of this makes some Republicans uneasy about moves by Cantor that might otherwise seem innocuous , including his fundraising .
Cantor has given candidates more than $ 1 million directly from his leadership political action committee and plans to give $ 1 million more .
Some grouse that this gives Cantor control instead of directing his money through the NRCC .
“ It makes no sense for him to do it like that , ” a Republican serving on the NRCC ’s executive committee said of Cantor ’s fundraising efforts .
“ It ’s just a way of putting strings on everything he does . ”
Cantor ’s aggressive approach delights younger , more conservative Republicans , some of whom are uneasy with Boehner ’s steady - as - we - go attitude .
These members believe Republicans are mainly winning right now because they are the lesser of two evils .
To truly rebound , they want fresh ideas , fresh blood and a fresh approach to politics .
“ He ’s probably the hardest - working person in the [ Republican ] Conference , ” McCarthy said .
“ And he ’s probably one of the biggest team players I have ever been involved with in my career — not just in Congress but even before that . ”
In 2008 , when Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( R - Utah ) was elected to Congress , Cantor called him weekly until he arrived in Washington in January 2009 , the freshman said .
By the time the 111th Congress began , the two had “ a great working relationship . ”
“ If he was doing it with me , he was doing it with other people , ” Chaffetz told POLITICO .
“ He ’s got his finger on the pulse of the freshman class ; between him and McCarthy , nobody has a better working relationship with that class . ”
Cantor ’s allies in the GOP extend beyond Capitol Hill as well .
Former Florida Republican Gov. Jeb Bush called himself a “ big Eric Cantor fan , ” saying the two have worked closely on economic and job - creation ideas for the party .
Bush said that he and Cantor — whom he talks to frequently — have never discussed running for another office .
“ I have never had a conversation with him about the politics of politics , ” Bush said .
But Cantor ’s coziness with allies such as Bush — on top of the formidable fundraising operations he is building inside and out of Congress — makes the Virginia Republican a serious threat for higher office .
It ’s just not clear which one .
The Daily Alert newsletter sent by the Conference of Presidents of American Jewish Organizations is quite predictable .
The news sources it quotes are either the official statements of Israeli officials or media articles supportive of Israeli governmental policies .
In the days after the Israeli interception of the Gaza flotilla , Daily Alert bombarded its subscribers with so - called ‘ pro - Israel ’ articles by pundits like Michael Oren , Israel ’s ambassador to the United States , Elliot Abrams , George W. Bush ’s ‘ Special Assistant …on Arab / Israel relations , ’ and Sean Hannity , talk radio host and self - styled expert on Middle Eastern affairs .
American politicians from across the political spectrum are widely quoted in this daily report .
That Joe Leiberman wrote that “ Israel exercised her legitimate right of self - defense , ” is not terribly surprising ; that Joe Biden said that “ Israel has an absolute right to deal with its security interest , ” is perhaps a bit more so .
Or is it ?
For a steady diet of DA supports a worldview in which it is inconceivable that Israel ’s military , diplomatic , and political situation is the result of its own actions .
Rather , Israel seems to exist in a parallel dimension — one in which its actions are always justified , no matter what the actual circumstances are .
While this worldview may make sense to those who consider Israel a ‘ miracle ’ it makes little sense to most others ; especially to those Israelis , Arab and Jew , who dissent from their government ’s policies .
Twenty percent of Israel ’s citizenry is Arab , and the dissenting voices among them are heard in the United States even less frequently than those of their Jewish fellow - citizens .
Reading DA every day , one would get no sense that there are other Israeli voices , some of them highly critical of their government ’s actions .
Here I am not speaking of Israelis who are anti-Zionist or non-Zionist , but rather of loyal Israeli citizens who feel that the policies of their government endanger the welfare of the state .
A rich tradition of such loyal dissent has been part of the fabric of Israeli life since the 1948 establishment of the state , but one would be hard pressed to learn this in the United States .
One reason might be that we in the United States do n’t have as strong a tradition of public intellectual dissent as do other , older societies .
Within Israel , a younger state , there is a tradition of political engagement that its European founders brought with them to Palestine .
As in Europe and Latin America , Israel ’s most prominent writers are also public intellectuals , and some of them have voiced passionate objection to their government ’s actions ; most recently against the attack on the flotilla .
But the main reason we do n’t hear dissident Israeli voices is that there are many powerful forces who do n’t want us to .
Among them are Israel ’s friends on the American Christian Right , friends who consider the terms ‘ secular Israeli ’ or ‘ leftist Israeli ’ unfortunate locutions used to describe troublesome meddlers in God ’s affairs .
Among those ‘ meddlers ’ is Israeli novelist David Grossman .
In an article published in the Guardian , Grossman wrote :
How insecure , confused , and panicky a country must be , to act as Israel acted .
With a combination of excessive military force , and a fatal failure to anticipate the intensity of the reaction of those aboard the ship , it killed and wounded civilians , and did so — as if it were a band of pirates — outside its territorial waters .
This assessment does not imply agreement with the motives , overt or hidden , and often malicious , of some participants in the Gaza flotilla .
Not all its people are peace - loving humanitarians , and the declarations of some of them regarding the destruction of the state of Israel are criminal .
But these facts are simply not relevant at the moment : such opinions do not deserve the death penalty .
Israel ’s actions are but the natural continuation of the shameful , ongoing closure of Gaza , which in turn is the perpetuation of the heavy - handed and condescending approach of the Israeli government , which is prepared to embitter the lives of a million and a half innocent people in the Gaza Strip , in order to obtain the release of one imprisoned soldier , precious and beloved though he may be ; and this closure is the all - too - natural consequence of a clumsy and calcified policy , which again and again resorts by default to the use of massive and exaggerated force , at every decisive juncture , where wisdom and sensitivity and creative thinking are called for instead .
Why then have n’t we in the United States heard more about these oppositional voices ?
Because the reporting from Israel is highly selective .
And when oppositional voices are quoted they are often summarily dismissed .
I have already heard Grossman ’s article disregarded because the Guardian is ‘ anti-Israel . ’
In an even more outrageous argument , I have heard it said that the fact that David Grossman ’s son was killed in the Second Lebanon War has embittered him against the state .
In a New York Times op - ed , Israeli novelist Amos Oz was also critical of the attack , writing that :
For 2,000 years , the Jews knew the force of force only in the form of lashes to our own backs .
For several decades now , we have been able to wield force ourselves — and this power has , again and again , intoxicated us .
…
Israel ’s siege of the Gaza Strip and Monday ’s violent interception of civilian vessels carrying humanitarian aid there are the rank products of this mantra that what ca n’t be done by force can be done with even greater force .
This view originates in the mistaken assumption that Hamas ’ control of Gaza can be ended by force of arms or , in more general terms , that the Palestinian problem can be crushed instead of solved .
Israeli criticism of government policy is an old story , not a new one .
And the attempts by American organizations to suppress that criticism is an equally old story .
What is new here is that to a very large extent the American efforts are succeeding despite the so - called ‘ information revolution . ’
Particularly among the opinion makers in the ‘ official ’ Jewish establishment criticism of Israel is considered an attempt to ‘ deligitimize ’ the state .
Oz ’s critique of force as the commonly applied ‘ solution ’ to the political aspirations of the Palestinians hearkens back to the writings of Israel ’s most trenchant critic of the occupation , Professor Y. Leibowitz of the Hebrew University .
In the aftermath of the 1967 War , Leibowitz ’s was one of the few voices that called for a pragmatic approach to the Palestinian issue .
Here he angered many Israelis and many American Jews for whom the Israeli military victories had transformative political and or religious significance .
In the 1970s Leibowitz wrote that :
Israeli policy in the occupied territories is one of self - destruction of the Jewish state , and of relations with the Arabs based on perpetual terror .
There is no way out of this situation except withdrawal from the territories .
The Israeli philosopher saw two processes that would harm Israel .
One would occur within the West Bank and Gaza :
The colonizing situation will lead to the establishment of a political structure combining the horrors of Lebanon with those of Rhodesia — the state of a people possessing a common national heritage will turn into a system of imposed rule over two peoples , one ruling and the other ruled .
The second process was the worsening of Jewish - Arab relations within the borders of the State of Israel :
The occupation in the West Bank and Gaza will bring about solidarity of the half a million Israeli Arab citizens with their brothers in the occupied territories .
This will lead to a radical change in their state of mind .
Inevitably , they will no longer regard themselves as Arab citizens of the state of Israel , but rather as members of a people exploited by that state .
In such a situation , one must expect the constant incidence of terror and counter - terror .
While Leibowitz could be dismissed by American Jewish leaders as a mere ivory - tower liberal with no political or military experience , it was much more difficult ( though ultimately not impossible ) to dismiss the message conveyed in the mid 1980s by General Yehoshafat Harkabi , former head of Israeli military intelligence .
General Harkabi ’s books on the Arab - Israeli conflict , especially his 1972 work , Arab Attitudes Towards Israel , were sourcebooks on the seemingly implacable Arab hostility to the Jewish State .
The books were often quoted in Israeli government pronouncements , and by extension in American Jewish publications .
To this day , any suggestion that Israel might share responsibility for the political - military situation it is in is met by this rejoinder :
Have n’t you read Harkabi ’s books ?
Do n’t you know that the Arabs hate Israel ?
There is nothing Israel can do but harshly control them , and if necessary , fight them and defeat them .
The news that Harkabi ’s research of the ’70s and ’ 80s had led to a revision of his central thesis was not publicized in the United States .
According to Harkabi , in the 1980s “ Arab attitudes , ” as expressed in the aftermath of the 1967 War , were changing , and were far from monolithic .
If a settlement of the conflict was to take place , Israel ’s attitudes and actions would determine it .
In 1986 , Harkabi spoke critically of the Jewish settlers in the territories :
Some of the settlers will exploit Palestinian hostility to them to bring into being a system of extreme repression .
The greater the repression , the greater the Arab rebellion will be …
We wo n’t be able to turn the Arabs ’ lives into hell without our own lives turning into hell .
The harm to us will be both internal and external .
The international community will condemn us .
The First Intifada broke out a year later .
Of Sharon ’s policies in the West Bank and Gaza , Harkabi said that “ the settlements are an obstacle to peace , and they are a military liability , not an asset . ”
For Harkabi , self - criticism , not territorial expansion , was the key to Israel ’s political and military survival : “ Of course we are not wholly responsible for the worsening of our political - military situation , ” he wrote ,
But self - criticism is essential if we are to overcome a tendency to self - righteousness , a tendency which results from Jewish approaches to history , from our historical experience , and from the ‘ ethos ’ of self - righteousness as promoted by Prime Minister Begin .
In my opinion , there is no greater threat to our survival than this ethos of self - righteousness .
It renders us blind and unable to understand our situation — and it gives legitimacy to bad national leadership .
Both Harkabi and Leibowitz died in 1994 .
Toward the ends of their lives , each spoke in prophetic terms about Israel ’s political - military future , which they saw as bleak unless some “ fateful decisions ” ( Harkabi ’s term ) were made .
Among these decisions were the removal of the settler population from the West Bank and Gaza and the normalization of the political status of the Arab citizens of the Israel — and of the Arabs of the West Bank and Gaza .
Thus we can see that in the understanding of many of its best minds Israel ’s fixation on military force and the application of that force to the civilian populations of the West Bank and Gaza has turned Israel into a garrison state and an international pariah .
Millions of words about this have appeared in Israeli books , magazines , and Web sites — and all of it has been summarily dismissed by the leaders of the American Jewish establishment — the great majority of whom ca n’t read the Hebrew in which these books and articles were written .
Media watchers throughout a good part of the the world are aware of this selective reporting from Israel ; Americans less so .
This widespread American ignorance of the variety of political opinion within Israel is the result of a sustained decades - long campaign on the part of organizations represented in the Conference , a campaign which reflects the acute unease that dissident Israeli opinion generates in the United States .
One of the prime ‘ offenders ’ in the eyes of the self - appointed Jewish establishment is the Israeli newspaper of record , Haaretz .
In the late 1970s and early 1980s , when Haaretz was consistently critical of the settler movement and its supporters in the government , it was the target of much sniping from the movement ’s considerable US constituency .
Rabbi Arthur Hertzberg , prominent intellectual , Columbia University lecturer , and regular contributor to the New York Review of Books quipped at the time that “ if Haaretz was published in New York City , the local Jewish organizations would burn down the building in which it was published . ”
As it turned out , it was n’t necessary to burn any buildings .
As organized Jewish life became more focused on an idealized Israel — an Israel with no flaws and which had to be portrayed as a victim whatever the circumstances .
Dissident Israeli opinion was discounted , marginalized , and eventually vilified .
Israeli politicians on the right were acutely aware of this American tendency to idealize Israel in ways few Israelis could , and none more so than Ariel Sharon .
In 1982 , after the architect of Israel ’s War in Lebanon was forced to resign his post as Minister of Defense , he was welcomed as a hero by his American supporters .
On his return to Tel Aviv , Sharon was ‘ greeted ’ by angry demonstrators , among them parents of the over 500 Israeli soldiers who died in the Lebanon War .
Asked by a journalist from Haaretz whether he was bothered by the demonstration , Sharon said , “ It does n’t matter what they say in Tel Aviv ; what matters is what they say in Forest Hills . ”
Sharon was n’t referring to the fans at the US Open tennis tournament , but to his legion of supporters in the Queens neighborhood in which many supporters of the Israeli Right live .
Do most Israeli Jews agree with these critiques of their own government ?
Most definitely not .
Israeli opinion polls show that most support their government ’s actions — though many wish that the interception of the flotilla would have been carried out more effectively and that civilians would not have been killed .
The Israeli print and electronic media is almost unanimous in condemning the heavy - handed way the Netanyahu government has acted .
Do we in the United States need to know about these critiques and give them serious consideration — absolutely .
There are some American Jewish intellectuals , among them some rabbis , who are deeply disturbed by the latest Israeli actions and they ’ve been disturbed about similar actions for a long time .
Many of them , along with their Israeli counterparts , have taken to heart Harkabi ’s 1986 warning that “ self - criticism is essential if we are to overcome a tendency to self - righteousness . ”
Along with other activists they will be holding a memorial for the flotilla victims in front of the White House on Sunday June 13 .
Do n’t expect to read about it in Daily Alert .
At Eastercon over the weekend , Iain M. Banks announced he'd just finished his latest novel in the Culture series , to be called Surface Detail .
It will come out in February 2011 .
Advertisement
Dave H from the Iain Banks Fan Forum was at Eastercon and reports on the Banks news :
The first draft of Surface Detail was finished last week .
He did n't read from it as it needs to settle a bit and things might change .
So Ullapool does look like the first outing for it .
[ Not sure I will make it up there ]
The mainstream one after Surface Detail is going to be " short , sharp and shocking " probably aiming for 65,000 words like The Wasp Factory .
Surface Detail about three times that long . . .
He definitely has another Culture book in him - probably more .
A couple of parties interested in The Wasp Factory as a film .
Iain hopeful a deal might get done this year .
Advertisement
Early book blurbs describe Surface Detail like this :
It starts with a young woman being murdered .
Miraculously , a secret deal means she lives again within the Culture .
Now , she vows to return and kill her own murderer .
Meanwhile , a war in heaven is brewing .
Or rather a war between the Heavens .
Heavens are the network of uploaded consciousnesses - a cyber life after death .
But where there are Heavens , Hells soon follow .
Wars between these realms are formal digital affairs , but now there are rumors of secret factories building warships and all signs point to the factions of the long - dead and digitized .
One man holds the key to making this war manifest in the Real .
And a young woman wants her revenge on him .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
We may have to wait 10 months for this one , but it sounds pretty damn worth it .
Alan Moore's H.P. Lovecraft - inspired comic series Neonomicon is set to debut later this year , but series artist Jacen Burrows recently dropped some knowledge on the cyclopean horror that readers can expect .
Advertisement
Neonomicon has been in the works for a while , but Bleeding Cool talked with the Crossed illustrator about creating the visuals for Moore 's scripts .
Here 's Burrows ' synopsis of the series :
Way back in 1994 Alan Moore wrote a short prose story for The Starry Wisdom : A Tribute to H. P. Lovecraft .
In 2003 Antony Johnston and myself adapted the Courtyard for Avatar with Moore standing in as acting editor on the project .
Now here we are in 2010 and we are finally getting ready to release Neonomicon the sequel scripted by Alan Moore himself .
The story centers on an FBI team investigating a spree of grisly crimes that started at the end of the Courtyard .
The story features a brilliant deconstruction and modernization of the H.P. Lovecraft world as only Alan Moore could do it .
And believe me , Lovecraft channeled through Alan Moore is a dark , disturbing , mind warping thing .
Those unfamiliar with Lovecraft or the Courtyard should still find it an intensely affecting work of horror .
Advertisement
Of course , Moore has a lot on his plate at the moment ( including writing an opera with Gorillaz mavens Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlett and finishing up The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen : Century miniseries ) , but it 's heartening to see this project getting press .
Neonomicon will be published by Avatar Press .
Dell is in court accused of knowingly selling thousands of computers which it knew were likely to be faulty .
Documents seen by Ashlee Vance at the New York Times show Dell staff were aware that problems with capacitors from Nichicon were likely to hit at least 11.8 million OptiPlex machines shipped to customers between May 2003 and July 2005 .
An internal review by Dell itself found that 97 per cent of the machines were likely to fail over three years .
The problems got worse when Dell managed to replace the faulty motherboards with other faulty ones .
Staff were told not to warn customers proactively and to " emphasize the uncertainty " , the NYT reports .
Complaints from the University of Texas were fended off by Dell staff blaming the university for overloading the machines with difficult maths problems .
Even the law firm currently defending Dell got burned when the direct seller refused to fix 1,000 computers bought by the lawyers .
Dell , once the darling of the industry , has tried to put the problems behind it - settling this month with the SEC , and paying out $ 300 m in 2005 for problems with the OptiPlex desktops at the centre of the current lawsuit .
Dell 's model of tightly controlled inventory and Japanese " just - in - time " logistics was meant to provide a way to make a profit from turning out hardware and reduce the impact of this kind of failure .
The company lost its way in reacting to consumer demand and watched most of the rest of the industry mimic its supply chain .
Dell must now deal with a consumer lawsuit without sparking a larger class action case , or action from disappointed shareholders . ®
CHANGE OF CIRCUMSTANCES : Canterbury College of Natural Medicine students Shaan Hames , left , and Namiko Hickson have been left to ponder their futures .
Up to 130 Christchurch students will be left unsure of their future when the Canterbury College of Natural Medicine closes .
It is understood the college has been sold to a North Island tertiary institution and will close this month in a move which has taken staff and students by surprise .
Valmai Becker , a former owner and current tutor at the privately owned college , said most staff and students were told by email .
" At first [ I ] thought , maybe it 's a hoax , " Becker said .
" [ I ] just could n't believe it . "
The sale has been approved by the Qualifications Authority on the condition students are given a list of alternative institutions for completing their courses .
Students who expected to graduate at the end of this year were able to stay at the college until October to complete their final papers .
Becker had six students she was teaching as part of a certificate in herbal studies .
Only two would be able to complete their module .
Becker , a naturopath , started the college in 1993 .
It was bought in 2005 by Jenny Cookson and current director Di McCauley .
McCauley did not return calls .
Greek workers in fifth 24 - hour strike against austerity measures
By Robert Stevens
30 June 2010
Tens of thousands of workers protested in several cities and towns in Greece on Tuesday during the latest 24 - hour strike .
The stoppage , the fifth since December , was in response to the austerity measures being imposed by the Panhellenic Socialist Movement ( PASOK ) government of Prime Minister George Papandreou .
PASOK is imposing drastic attacks on the working population in exchange for a € 110 billion three - year loan from the European Union , International Monetary Fund and European Central Bank .
Under its terms , the government is planning to cut its budget deficit from 13.6 percent of gross domestic product to under 3 percent of GDP by 2014 .
The austerity measures will see hundreds of thousands of jobs lost , pay cuts of 20 percent or more imposed , and social services and pensions gutted .
On Friday , the PASOK cabinet approved legislation aimed at slashing pension rights , social benefits and pay , while vastly reducing workers ’ employment protection .
The attacks on pensions include increasing the number of contribution years from 37 to 40 and raising the retirement age for women from 60 to 65 .
The bill also freezes pensions in 2011 - 2013 and merges the many existing funds into just three .
The legislation implements as well financial penalties to prevent workers taking early retirement in jobs that are arduous .
The legislation will now be voted on in parliament with a debate scheduled to last more than a week , beginning on Tuesday .
Amid speculation that some PASOK deputies are considering opposing the measures , Papandreou has threatened to call early elections if the measures are not supported by all deputies .
The Greek government also warned Monday that it is to impose a three - year pay freeze for the lowest - paid workers in the private sector .
The employers ’ federation and the GSEE workers ’ confederation are currently involved in talks on a collective pay agreement for workers in the private sector .
PASOK spokesman George Petalotis said the pay freeze would be imposed without a settlement being reached .
“ This decision has been made ” , he said .
“ The way it ’s going to be carried out is an editorial matter . ”
The government is well aware that it can count on the trade union bureaucracy to sanction such draconian attacks .
In a recent interview , Yiannis Panagopoulos , the president of GSEE , said , “ If employers could guarantee me that there would be no retrenchments then I would go along — as hard as it would be — to accept a three - year wage freeze ” .
Tuesday ’s strike severely hit transport nationwide as workers employed by the state Hellenic Railways Organisation struck for 24 hours , whilst Piraeus - Kifissia urban electric railway , bus and trolley buses staff held partial stoppages .
Strikes by workers at the Athens airport led to the cancellation of around 100 domestic flights .
The air traffic controllers ’ union did not support the strike , and as a result , international flights were not affected by the action and operated as scheduled .
Most public services and schools closed , and hospitals operated with a skeleton staff .
Journalists began a 24 - hour stoppage , and as a result , no newspapers are to be published Wednesday .
News bulletins were also taken off the air .
On Monday , Public Power Corporation workers hung banners at the front of the company ’s headquarters in central Athens and staged a protest .
Up to 20,000 people demonstrated in Athens , chanting anti-government slogans before marching to the parliament building in Syntagma Square .
Riot police were again mobilised , attacking demonstrators with tear gas and stun grenades in the square .
According to an Associated Press report , the police claimed that 13 demonstrators were detained and 6 arrested .
In one case , AP reported , “ an AP photographer saw police detain one young man in a subway car , spraying him with pepper spray . ”
As with previous strikes , PAME , the trade union federation affiliated to the Stalinist Communist Party of Greece , held a separate march and rally from that of the GSEE / ADEDY in Athens .
Two seamen ’s unions belonging to PAME took strike action and staged blockades at the main port of Piraeus during the day in an attempt to prevent people from boarding ferries to the Aegean islands .
The action had been declared illegal the day before after the president of the Association of Greek Coastal Shipping Companies met with a Supreme Court prosecutor .
Last week , the two unions also blockaded the port , which proceeded despite being ruled illegal .
During that action , thousands of passengers were stranded at Piraeus .
The unions are part of the 14 - strong Panhellenic Seamen ’s Federation .
The other 12 unions did not support either strike .
The blockade affected several hundred passengers who were unable to board ferries .
The Civil Protection Ministry said that all ships scheduled to sail in the morning did leave the port .
The latest strike follows the visit to Athens by Poul Thomsen , the head of the IMF ’s Greek monitoring team .
In an interview with the Vima newspaper , he stressed his support for the government ’s “ ambitious ” austerity measures .
Thomsen said , “ Such an adjustment is not easy and often causes discontent , ” adding , “ The effort has begun vigorously and I firmly believe that Greece will succeed . ”
Opposition to the austerity programme is growing within Greece .
According to an opinion poll for the Proto Thema daily , 64.8 percent of those questioned said the pension restructuring would make the country ’s pension funds unviable .
Only 21.6 percent of respondents believed the pension changes would be beneficial .
The latest strike is once again a confirmation of the reactionary role of the Greek trade unions , which seek to ensure that the PASOK regime is able to remain in the saddle .
Since December , the unions have called these selective , token strikes and made a few statements feigning their opposition to this or that measure .
The strikes are called not as a means to mobilise the working class , but in order to allow workers ’ growing anger to be dissipated .
Speaking on Tuesday , GSEE head Panagopoulos claimed , “ It was a very large gathering and march and strike participation is higher than at other times . ”
He added , “ Naturally we will strike next Wednesday or Thursday again when the bills will be voted on in parliament ” ( emphasis added ) .
This sums up the role of the union bureaucracy in propping up PASOK .
Union leaders know very well that these sporadic , limited strikes have enabled the government to implement all its austerity measures over the past six months .
In ruling circles , those who follow Greek events are very conversant with the demobilising role of the trade union bureaucracy .
In a recent blog comment posted on The Source , a European news site of the Wall Street Journal , Nick Skrekas described Panagopoulos as “ not a hot head who fires off needless threats of industrial action ” .
He added that “ he is a realist and deep down probably acknowledges that the bulk of the changes will be implemented despite his protests , rallies and strikes . ”
Skrekas warned that the government ’s measures may result in protests involving a “ one- million - strong horde of unemployed people taking to the streets by the end of this year ” .
He continued , “ The union chief hints that his protests and strikes are a safety valve allowing some of the societal steam to be released before this potential explosion occurs .
It does n’t appear that he ’s convinced that his industrial action will make any difference other than at the margin of policy . ”
Every Google search to be logged and saved for two years under new Euro MP plan
Every Google web search could be stored for up to two years under a controversial new EU plan that has the backing of more than 300 Euro - MEPs .
' Written Declaration 29 ' is intended to be used as an early warning system to stop paedophiles by logging what they look for using search engines .
But civil liberty groups have hit out at the proposal which they say is a ' completely unjustifiable ' intrusion into citizens ' privacy .
And they claim that there is no evidence that it would even be effective in trapping paedophiles who would never use search engines like Google to look for child pornography .
Privacy fears :
The declaration would mean that every web users internet searches would be logged and stored for up to two years
The declaration , sponsored by an Italian and a Slovakian MEP , claims that it is 'essential to ensure that the internet continues to afford a high level of virtual democracy , which does not present any threat to women and children . '
The motion asks for Directive 2006 / 24 / EC to be extended to all web search engines , which would include Google , as part of a European early warning system for paedophiles .
The directive came into effect in the March following the 2005 London terror attacks and lets EU member states monitor and store personal emails and other internet activity for up to two years for counter - terrorism puposes .
Simon Davies , director of Privacy International which campaigns for tougher privacy laws , said : ' Most paedophiles operate through chatrooms and private communication rather than search engines like Google so they would not be affected , ' he added .
' The number of ‘ false positives ’ generated by the proposal would be very high , There would be 100 entirely reasonable searches thrown up for every genuinely suspicious one .
WHAT IS A WRITTEN DECLARATION ?
Written Declarations in the European Parliament work in a similar way to Early Day Motions in the UK ’s Parliament .
A group of up to five MEPs can submit a written declaration by presenting a text to be signed by their colleagues .
One is only adopted if more than half of MEPs sign up to it .
So far 324 MEPs have signed this declaration and only a further 45 names are required before it is formally adopted .
If the declaration is adopted it is forwarded to the President who will announce it in the EU Parliament
' It would pick up investigations being made by the authorities and the police themselves as well as academics .
It would create a lot of white noise which would effectively cripple the police having to look into everything .
' Once the proposal is in place , then governments and authorities will be able to use the information for any purpose they choose .
' It would also be unlawful from a privacy perspective .
We have well established laws in Europe that protect private communications .
The idea that governments can destroy that protection is unthinkable . '
Some MEPs have already complained that they were not told about any possible privacy issues and the implications of the declaration when they signed .
They point out that the declaration only refers to the directive by its number , 2006 / 24/ EC .
Swedish MEP Cecilia Wikström has complained that she was misled into signing and is urging her fellow MEPs to withdraw their names .
In an open letter to them , she wrote : ' The Written Declaration is supposed to be about an early - warning system for the protection of children .
‘ Long - term storage of citizens ’ data has clearly nothing to do with “ early warning ” for any purpose .
Anther Swedish MEP , Christian Engström , has also called on members of the public to contact their local MEP and explain that they had been misled before the declaration reaches the 369 name mark .
Sarah Gaskell , a spokeswoman for Open Europe , an independent think tank calling for EU reform , said the directive raised ' serious privacy concerns '
She said : ' MEPs should have a serious re-think before supporting this declaration which would open up even more of citizens ' personal data to monitoring and abuse .
' People already have serious concerns about the EU 's role in the erosion of their civil liberties and this declaration would only serve to reinforce those views .
' The Data Retention Directive has been very controversial with some member states refusing to even implement it .
Extending it to internet searches as well is very troubling , even it the purpose it is intended for is a good one . '
And Dylan Sharpe , Campaign Director of civil liberties pressure group Big Brother Watch , said : ' Monitoring every internet search is a completely unjustifiable and disproportionate intrusion on our privacy .
' The MEPs responsible for proposing this law under the guise of preventing paedophilia should be ashamed of themselves .
' With Data Retention Directive already in place , this latest move suggests that the EU Parliament is intent on controlling what we look at on the internet . '
One of the MEPs behind the motion , Anna Zaborska , sparked controversy in her native Slovakia after she was once quoted as saying that ‘ Aids is God 's punishment for homosexuality ’ .
She has also been attacked for her outspoken views on abortion after she said that she did not believe that women should have them even in rape cases .
The EU motion follows moves by the Home Office last year to use telecoms firms such as Orange and BT to build a database of everyone 's phone calls and emails .
Dubbed the ' snoopers charter ' , the £ 2bn Internet Modernisation Programme was kicked into the long grass by Labour after anger from civil liberty campaigners .
The coalition document released by the new Government last month was particularly vague about the programme and pledged only to ' end the storage of internet and email records without good reason ' .
And it comes after Google admitted earlier this year that its Streetview cars had been inadvertently logging information about people ’s online activity .
The internet giant was rapped by the Information Commissioner ’s Office which said Google had committed ‘ a breach of people 's personal data ’ .
# coding : utf - 8 ''' This module provides 2 classes and 4 functions to , obtain , check and convert IP and MAC addresses .
Class IP and MAC represent an IP respectively a MAC address .
Instances of IP and MAC classes are immutable .
The IP class provides properties to check whether the address is link - local , loopback , multicast , a network address or network mask , private ( non- routable ) , TEST - NET , THIS - HOST or THIS - NET .
Functions getIPs and getMACs collect the available IP respectively MAC addresses from the underlying system .
Both functions provide an optional argument to exclude specific IP or MAC instances .
Functions isIP and isMAC can be used to check an address .
The return value is an IP respectively MAC instance if the given address is valid .
None is returned otherwise .
The IPv6 format is not supported , only IPv4 .
For both , see module ipaddress ( Python 3 only ) at < https://docs.python.org/3/library/ipaddress.html>
Run python ipmac.py to see examples and the test results .
Use python ipmac.py - debug to include debug output .
The core code is copied from standard Python 2.6 and 3.1 module Lib/ uuid.py and then modified to : - use immutable classes IP and MAC like UUID , - handle any number of IP and MAC addresses , - collect IP and MAC addresses from several additional sources , - locate external programs only once , - use env and grep with ifconfig on * nixes , - support Python versions 2.4 thru 3.5 , both 32 - and 64 - bit .
Tested on CentOS 4 ( Intel ) , MacOS X 10.4.11 Tiger ( Intel ) , MacOS X 10.3.9 Panther ( PowerPC ) , RedHat 3 ( Opteron ) , Solaris 10 ( Opteron ) , Windows XP SP2 and SP3 and Windows Server 2003 R2 with 32 - bit Python 2.4 , 2.5 , 2.6 , 3.0 and / or 3.1 , on CentOS 4 and 5 ( Intel ) with 64 - bit Python 2.4 and 2.6 , on MacOS X 10.11.5 with 64 - bit Python 2.7.10 and 3.5.1 and on iOS 9.3.2 with 64 - bit Pythonista 2.1 ( on iPad ) .
This module does not support Python 2.3 and older and has not been tested on platforms other than the ones listed above . ''' import os import socket import struct import sys try : import ctypes except ImportError : ctypes = None __version__ = ' 16.07.07 ' # ' 10.4.22 ' __all__ = ( ' getIPs ' , ' IP ' , ' isIP ' , ' getMACs ' , ' MAC ' , ' isMAC ' ) if sys .
hexversion < 0 x3000000 : _byte = ord # 2.x chr to integer _ Ints = ( int , long )
_ Strs = basestring else : _byte = int # 3.x byte to integer _ Ints = int _ Strs = str # ( str , unicode ) ?
_b08 = 1 << 8 _b32 = 1 << 32 _b48 = 1 << 48 _debugf = None # or printf _exes = {} # executables cache _IPsep = '.'
_MACsep = ' :' def _bytes2int ( bytes , byte = _byte ) : # convert bytes to int. i = 0 for b in bytes : i = ( i << 8 ) + byte ( b ) return i def _hostname_ips ( ) : # get IP addresses from hostname .
h = socket .
gethostname ( ) try : for a in socket .
gethostbyname_ex ( h ) [ 2 ] : yield isIP ( a ) except AttributeError : # no gethostbyname_ex ( ) yield isIP ( socket .
gethostbyname ( h ) ) def _which ( exe , dirs ) : # return full path of an executable .
p = _exes .
get ( exe , None ) if p is None : for d in dirs : p = os .
path .
join ( d , exe ) if os .
access ( p , os .
X_OK ) : break else : p = '' # no such exe _exes [ exe ] = p if _debugf : _debugf ( ' _ which ( %r ) : %r ' , exe , p ) return p if sys .
platform .
startswith ( ' win ' ) : # On Windows prior to 2000 , UuidCreate gives a UUID containing # the MAC address .
On Windows 2000 and later , UuidCreate makes # a random UUID and UuidCreateSequential gives a UUID containing # the MAC address .
These routines are provided by the RPC runtime .
# NOTE : at least on Tim's WinXP Pro SP2 desktop box , while the last # 6 bytes returned by UuidCreateSequential are fixed , they do n't # appear to bear any relationship to the MAC address of any network # device on the box .
def _windll_macs ( ) : # get the MAC address from UuidCreate *.
try : b = ctypes .
windll .
rpcrt4 f = getattr ( b , ' UuidCreateSequential ' , getattr ( b , ' UuidCreate ' , None ) ) if f : b = ctypes .
create_string_buffer ( 16 ) if f ( b ) == 0 : yield MAC ( _bytes2int ( b . raw [ - 6 :] ) ) except ( AttributeError , TypeError , ValueError ) : pass def _netbios_macs ( ) : # get MAC addresses from NetBIOS .
See # < http://support.microsoft.com/kb/118623>.
try : import netbios from win32 wnet import Netbios ncb = netbios .
NCB ( ) ncb .
Command = netbios .
NCBENUM ncb .
Buffer = a = netbios .
LANA_ENUM ( ) a . _pack ( ) if Netbios ( ncb ) == 0 : a . _unpack ( ) for i in range ( a . length ) : ncb .
Reset ( ) ncb .
Command = netbios .
NCBRESET ncb .
Lana_num = _byte ( a . lana [ i ] ) if Netbios ( ncb ) == 0 : ncb .
Reset ( ) ncb .
Command = netbios .
NCBASTAT ncb .
Lana_num = _byte ( a . lana [ i ] ) ncb .
Callname = '*' . ljust ( 16 ) ncb .
Buffer = s = netbios .
ADAPTER_STATUS ( ) if Netbios ( ncb ) == 0 : s . _unpack ( ) yield isMAC ( _bytes2int ( s . adapter_address [ : 6 ] ) ) except ( ImportError , AttributeError ) : pass _dirs = None # ( ' c :\...' , ... ) def _ipconfig ( tag , Class ) : # get IP or MAC addresses from ipconfig / all.
global _dirs if _dirs is None : try : # check system directory first f = ctypes .
windll .
kernel32 .
GetSystemDirectoryA b = ctypes .
create_string_buffer ( 300 ) f ( b , 300 ) t = ( b . value .
decode ( ' mbcs ' ) , ) except ( ImportError , AttributeError ) : t = ( ) _dirs = t + ( r'c:\windows\system32 ' , r'c:\winnt\system32 ' , '' ) m , c = [ ] , _which ( ' ipconfig.exe ' , _dirs ) if c : for t in os .
popen ( c + ' / all ' ) : if tag in t : try : t = t . split ( ' :' , 1 ) [ 1 ] . strip ( ) m . append ( Class ( t ) ) except ( IndexError , TypeError , ValueError ) : pass return m def _ipconfig_ips ( ) : # get IP addresses from ipconfig .
return _ipconfig ( ' IP ' , IP ) _MACsep = ' -' def _ipconfig_macs ( ) : # get MAC addresses from ipconfig .
return _ipconfig ( _MACsep , MAC ) _all_ips = ( _hostname_ips , _ipconfig_ips ) _all_macs = ( _windll_macs , _netbios_macs , _ipconfig_macs ) else : # *nix _uuid_generate_time = None #
If ctypes is available , use it to find routines for # UUID generation ( making this module thread - UNsafe ! ) #
Thanks to Thomas Heller for ctypes and for his help # with its use here .
See Lib / uuid.py for more .
try : import ctypes.util #
The uuid_generate_ * routines are provided by # libuuid on at least Linux and FreeBSD and by # libc on MacOS X. for lib in ( ' uuid ' , ' c ' ) : try : lib = ctypes .
CDLL ( ctypes .
util .
find_library ( lib ) ) _uuid_generate_time = getattr ( lib , ' uuid_generate_time ' , _uuid_generate_time ) except ( TypeError , AttributeError ) : lib =
None del lib except ( AttributeError , ImportError ) : pass _bins = ( ' / bin ' , ' / usr / bin ' , '' ) _sbins = ( '/ sbin ' , ' / usr / sbin ' , '' ) def _run ( cmd , opts , tag , offset , Class , cut_addr_ = False ) : # get IP or MAC addresses from cmd output .
c = ' %s %s 2>/dev/null ' % ( cmd , opts ) e = _which ( 'env ' , _bins ) if e : # LC_ALL=C gets English output c = ' %s LC_ALL=C %s ' % ( e , c ) e = _which ( ' grep ' , _bins ) if e : # pipe to case - insensitve grep c = ' %s | %s - i %s ' % ( c , e , tag ) # tag.strip ( '( ) ' ) if _debugf : _debugf ( ' _run : %s ' , c ) m = [ ] for t in os .
popen ( c ) : t = t . lower ( ) . split ( ) try : t = t [ offset ( t . index ( tag ) ) ] # cut prefix from Linux inet addr : < IP > if cut_addr_ and t .
startswith ( ' addr : ' ) : t = t [ 5 :] m . append ( Class ( t ) ) except ( IndexError , TypeError , ValueError ) : pass return m def _ifconfig_ips ( ) : # get IP addresses from ifconfig on MacOS ( ' - a ' ) , Linux ( ' - a ' # or '' ) , Tru64 ( ' - av ' ) , Solaris ( ' - a ' ) but not all * nixes .
m , c = [ ] , _which ( ' ifconfig ' , _sbins ) if c : for a in ( ' - a ' , ' - av ' ) : m = _run ( c , a , ' inet ' , lambda i : i + 1 , IP , _cut_addr ) if m : break return m def _macs ( cmd , opts , tag , offset ) : if cmd : # get MAC addresses from cmd ... return _run ( cmd , opts , tag , offset , MAC , False ) return [ ] def _ifconfig_macs ( ) : # get MAC addresses from ifconfig on MacOS ( ' - a ' ) , Linux ( ' - a ' # or '' ) , Tru64 ( ' - av ' ) , but not all * nixes nor Solaris .
m , c = [ ] , _which ( ' ifconfig ' , _sbins ) for a , t in ( ( ' - a ' , ' ether ' ) , # MacOS ( ' - a ' , ' hwaddr ' ) , # Linux ( ' - av ' , ' ether ' ) , ( ' - av ' , ' hwaddr ' ) ) : m = _macs ( c , a , t , lambda i : i + 1 ) if m : break return m def _arp_macs ( ) : # get MAC addresses from arp on Solaris ( and MacOS ) .
m , c = [ ] , _which ( ' arp ' , _sbins ) for a in getIPs ( ) : # using ( c , ' - an ' , '( %s ) ' % a , lambda i : i+2 ) # works on MacOS X , but then replace tag with # tag.strip ( '( ) ' ) in the _grep format above m .
extend ( _macs ( c , '- an ' , a , lambda i : - 1 ) ) # PYCHOK false return m def _lanscan_macs ( ) : # this might get MAC addresses on HP - UX .
c = _which ( ' lanscan ' , _sbins ) return _macs ( c , '- ai ' , ' lan0 ' , lambda i : 0 ) # PYCHOK false def _uuid_macs ( ) : # If the system provides UUID generator (s ) , # use those to extract the MAC address .
# NOTE : the uuid 's returned by iOS 9.3.2 on # iPad / iPhone are not persistent and may or # may not reflect the device MAC address .
try : import uuid u = uuid .
uuid1 ( clock_seq = 0 ) yield isMAC ( _bytes2int ( u . bytes_le [ - 6 :] ) ) except ( AttributeError , ImportError ) : pass if _uuid_generate_time : b = ctypes .
create_string_buffer ( 16 ) if _uuid_generate_time ( b ) == 0 : yield isMAC ( _bytes2int ( b . raw [ - 6 :] ) ) try : # Linux ( and perhaps AIX , see < http://www.ibm.com/ # developerworks/aix/library/au-ioctl-socket.html > ) from fcntl import ioctl # see e.g.
CentOS 4 /usr / include / linux / sockios.h or # < http://www.kernel-api.org/docs/online/1.2.13/df/ # da2/sockios_8h-source.html >
_SIOCGIFADDR = 0 x8915 # PA address _SIOCGIHWADDR = 0 x8927 # hardware address def _ioctl_ ( SIOCG , Class ) : # see < http://code.activestate.com/recipes/439094
# - get -the-ip-address-associated -with-a-network-inter /> m , c = [ ] , 24 - Class .
size s = socket .
socket ( socket .
AF_INET , socket .
SOCK_DGRAM ) for d in range ( 32 ) : try : # Linux ( 'eth ' ) , MacOS ( 'en ' ) d = struct .
pack ( ' 256s ' , ' eth ' + str ( d ) ) b = ioctl ( s . fileno ( ) , SIOCG , d ) # 32 - bit IP addr is in bytes b [ 20:24 ] # in network byte order , get IP addr # str from socket.inet_ntoa( b[ 20:24 ] ) , # 48 - bit MAC addr is in bytes b [ 18:24 ] m . append ( Class ( _bytes2int ( b [ c : 24 ] ) ) ) except ( IOError , ValueError , TypeError ) : if m : break return m def _ioctl_ips ( ) : return _ioctl_ ( _SIOCGIFADDR , IP ) def _ioctl_macs ( ) : return _ioctl_ ( _SIOCGIHWADDR , MAC ) except ImportError : _ioctl_ips = _ioctl_macs = lambda : () _cut_addr =
False if sys .
platform .
startswith ( ' darwin ' ) : _all_ips = ( _hostname_ips , _ifconfig_ips ) _all_macs = ( _uuid_macs , _ifconfig_macs ) elif sys .
platform .
startswith ( ' iphone ' ) : _all_ips = ( _hostname_ips , ) _all_macs = ( _uuid_macs , ) elif sys .
platform .
startswith ( ' linux ' ) : _cut_addr = True _all_ips = ( _hostname_ips , _ioctl_ips , _ifconfig_ips ) _all_macs = ( _uuid_macs , _ioctl_macs , _ifconfig_macs ) elif sys .
platform .
startswith ( ' sunos ' ) : _all_ips = ( _hostname_ips , _ifconfig_ips ) _all_macs = ( _uuid_macs , _arp_macs ) else : # not tested !
_all_ips = ( _hostname_ips , _ifconfig_ips ) _all_macs = ( _uuid_macs , _ifconfig_macs , _lanscan_macs ) # see Python recipe < http://code.activestate.com/recipes/66517 # -ip-address-conversion-functions -with -the-builtin-s/?in=user-97991 > _NET = '! L ' # network byte order ( big- endian ) def _ip42int ( addr , * unused ) : # convert a dot - quad IP addr to an _NET int # ( raises socket.error for invalid addr ) return struct .
unpack ( _NET , socket .
inet_aton ( addr ) ) [ 0 ] def _ip42str ( ip ) : # convert an int to dot - quad IP string return socket .
inet_ntoa ( struct .
pack ( _ NET , ip ) ) def _ip4int ( ip ) : # check an int IP ( avoid the DeprecationWarning : # struct integer overflow masking is deprecated ) if 0 <= ip < _b32 : # IP return _ip42int ( _ip42str ( ip ) ) raise ValueError ( ' IP out of range : %r ' % ip ) def _ip4masks ( bits ) : # return an IP net and host mask if 0 < bits <= 32 : b = 1 << ( 32 - bits ) return ( _b32 - b ) , ( b - 1 ) raise ValueError ( ' invalid IP mask width : %r ' % ( bits , ) ) def _ip4isnet ( ip , net ) : # check whether an int IP is in the given net a , m , _ = _ip4netuple ( net ) return ( ip & m ) == a # and ip != a ?
_ip4nets = {} # IP net ( addr , mask ) cache # see RFCs and < http://code.google.com/p/ipaddr-py/>
_IP4NET_LINKLOCAL = ' 169.254.0.0/16 ' # RFC 3927 _IP4NET_LOOPBACK = ' 127.0.0.0/8 ' # RFC 5735 _IP4NET_MULTICAST
= ' 224.0.0.0/4 ' # RFC 3171 _IP4NET_PRIVATE_A = ' 10.0.0.0/8 ' # RFC 1918 _IP4NET_PRIVATE_B
= ' 172.16.0.0/12 ' # RFC 1918 _IP4NET_PRIVATE_C
= ' 192.168.0.0/16 ' # RFC 1918 _IP4NET_TEST_NET
= ' 192.0.2.0/24 ' # RFC 5735 _IP4NET_THIS_HOST
= ' 0.0.0.0/32 ' # RFC 5735 _IP4NET_THIS_NET
= ' 0.0.0.0/8 ' # RFC 5735 def _ip4isnet_ ( addr_mask_cast , ip ) : # check network addr , mask or cast match return ip in [ _ip4netuple ( n ) [ addr_mask_cast ] for n in ( _IP4NET_LINKLOCAL , _IP4NET_LOOPBACK , _IP4NET_MULTICAST , _IP4NET_PRIVATE_A , _IP4NET_PRIVATE_B , _IP4NET_PRIVATE_C , _IP4NET_TEST_NET
, _IP4NET_THIS_HOST , _IP4NET_THIS_NET
) ] def _ip4net ( ip ) : # return containing IP net or an empty string for n in ( _IP4NET_PRIVATE_A , _IP4NET_PRIVATE_B , _IP4NET_PRIVATE_C , _IP4NET_TEST_NET
, _IP4NET_LOOPBACK , _IP4NET_LINKLOCAL , _IP4NET_MULTICAST , _IP4NET_THIS_HOST , _IP4NET_THIS_NET ) : if _ip4isnet ( ip , n ) : return n return '' # no network def _ip4netuple ( net ) : # return an IP net addr , mask and cast t = _ip4nets .
get ( net , None ) if t is None : a , b = net .
split ( '/' ) m , b = _ip4masks ( int ( b ) ) a = _ip42int ( a ) & m t = a , m , ( a | b ) _ip4nets [ net ] = t if _debugf : _debugf ( ' _ip4nets [ %r ] : ( addr 0x %08x , mask 0x %08x , cast 0x %08x ) ' , net , * t ) return t def _mac2int ( addr , sep = _ MACsep ) : # convert a MAC str to an int h = addr .
split ( sep ) if len ( h ) > 4 : i = 0 for b in h : b = int ( b , 16 ) if 0 <= b < _b08 : i = ( i << 8 ) + b else : break # raise else : if 0 < i < _b48 : return i raise ValueError ( ' invalid MAC address : %r ' % ( addr , ) ) def _macint ( mac ) : # check an int MAC if 0 < mac < _b48 : return mac raise ValueError ( ' MAC out of range : %r ' % ( mac , ) ) class _ Base ( object ) : ''' Base class for IP and MAC classes . ''' _int = 0 # value as int def __init__ ( self , addr , addr2int , addrint ) : try : if isinstance ( addr , self .
__class__ ) : i = addr .
_int elif isinstance ( addr , _ Strs ) : if self .
sep in addr : # PYCHOK false i = addr2int ( addr , self . sep ) # PYCHOK false elif addr [ : 2 ] .
lower ( ) == ' 0 x ' : i = addrint ( int ( addr , 16 ) ) else : i = addrint ( int ( addr , 10 ) ) elif isinstance ( addr , _ Ints ) : i = addrint ( addr ) else : raise TypeError ( ' %s invalid : %s ' % ( self .
__class__ .
__name__ , type ( addr ) ) ) self .
__dict__ [ ' _int ' ] = i # immutable except ( socket .
error , ValueError ) : raise ValueError ( ' %s invalid : %r ' % ( self .
__class__ .
__name__ , addr ) ) if _debugf : _debugf ( ' _ Base ( %r ) : %r ' , addr , self ) # see Python 2.6 and 3.1 Lib / uuid.py def __cmp__ ( self , other ) : # 2.x if isinstance ( other , self .
__class__ ) : return cmp ( self .
_int , other .
_int ) return NotImplemented def __eq__ ( self , other ) : # 3.x if isinstance ( other , self .
__class__ ) : return self .
_int == other .
_int return NotImplemented def __ne__ ( self , other ) : # 3.x if isinstance ( other , self .
__class__ ) : return self .
_int != other .
_int return NotImplemented # Q . What 's the value of being able to sort UUIDs ? # A . Use them as keys in a B - Tree or similar mapping .
def __lt__ ( self , other ) : # 3.x if isinstance ( other , self .
__class__ ) : return self .
_int < other .
_int return NotImplemented def __gt__ ( self , other ) : # 3.x if isinstance ( other , self .
__class__ ) : return self .
_int > other .
_int return NotImplemented def __le__ ( self , other ) : # 3.x if isinstance ( other , self .
__class__ ) : return self .
_int <= other .
_int return NotImplemented def __ge__ ( self , other ) : # 3.x if isinstance ( other , self .
__class__ ) : return self .
_int >= other .
_int return NotImplemented def __hash__ ( self ) : return hash ( self .
_int ) def __hex__ ( self ) : # 2.6 + return self .
HEX % ( self .
_int ,) # PYCHOK false hex = property ( __hex__ , doc =
' This address as hexadecimal string , see the .HEX attribute . ' ) def __int__ ( self ) : # 2.6 + return self .
_int int = property ( __int__ , doc =
' This address as an int . ' ) def __repr__ ( self ) : return ' %s ( %r ) ' % ( self .
__class__ .
__name__ , str ( self ) ) def __setattr__ ( self , attr , value ) : # PYCHOK expected raise TypeError ( ' %s objects are immutable ' % ( self .
__class__ . __name__ , ) ) class IP ( _ Base ) : '' ' IP address class . ''' HEX = ' 0 x %08 x ' # hex format ( or ' % #010 x ' ) sep = _IPsep size = 4 # bytes def __init__ ( self , addr ) : ''' Construct an IP instance from a dot - quad string , a hexa / decimal string , an integer value or from another IP instance .
Raises a TypeError or ValueError for an invalid address . '''
_Base .
__init__ ( self , addr , _ip42int , _ip4int ) def __linklocal ( self ) : return _ip4isnet ( self .
_int , _IP4NET_LINKLOCAL ) islinklocal = property ( __linklocal , doc =
' True if an IP link - local address per RFC 3927 . ' ) def __loopback ( self ) : return _ip4isnet ( self .
_int , _IP4NET_LOOPBACK ) isloopback = property ( __loopback , doc = ' True if an IP loopback address per RFC 5735 . ' ) def __multicast ( self ) : return _ip4isnet ( self .
_int , _IP4NET_MULTICAST ) ismulticast = property ( __multicast , doc =
' True if an IP multicast ( class D ) address per RFC 3171 . ' ) def __netcast ( self ) : return _ip4isnet_ ( 2 , self .
_int ) isnetcast = property ( __netcast , doc = ' True if an IP network broadcast . ' ) def __netmask ( self ) : return _ip4isnet_ ( 1 , self .
_int ) isnetmask = property ( __netmask , doc = ' True if an IP network mask . ' ) def __network ( self ) : return _ip4isnet_ ( 0 , self .
_int ) isnetwork = property ( __network , doc = ' True if an IP network address . ' ) def __private ( self ) : return self .
isprivateA or \ self .
isprivateB or \ self .
isprivateC isprivate = property ( __private , doc =
' True if a private ( non-routable ) IP address per RFC 1918 . ' ) def __privateA ( self ) : return _ip4isnet ( self .
_int , _IP4NET_PRIVATE_A ) isprivateA = property ( __privateA , doc =
' True if a private ( class A ) IP address per RFC 1918 . ' ) def __privateB ( self ) : return _ip4isnet ( self .
_int , _IP4NET_PRIVATE_B ) isprivateB = property ( __privateB , doc =
' True if a private ( class B ) IP address per RFC 1918 . ' ) def __privateC ( self ) : return _ip4isnet ( self .
_int , _IP4NET_PRIVATE_C ) isprivateC = property ( __privateC , doc =
' True if a private ( class C ) IP address per RFC 1918 . ' ) def __reserved ( self ) : return self .
isloopback or \ self .
islinklocal or \ self .
ismulticast or \ self .
isnetmask or \ self .
isnetwork isreserved = property ( __reserved , doc =
' True if link - local , loopback , multicast , netmask or network . ' ) def __testnet ( self ) : return _ip4isnet ( self .
_int , _IP4NET_TEST_NET
) istestnet = property ( __testnet , doc =
' True if a TEST - NET ( class E ) IP address per RFC 5735 . ' ) def __thishost ( self ) : return _ip4isnet ( self .
_int , _IP4NET_THIS_HOST ) isthishost = property ( __thishost , doc =
' True if a THIS - HOST IP address per RFC 5735 . ' ) def __thisnet ( self ) : return _ip4isnet ( self .
_int , _IP4NET_THIS_NET
) isthisnet = property ( __thisnet , doc =
' True if a THIS - NET IP address per RFC 5735 . ' ) def __net ( self ) : return _ip4net ( self .
_int ) net = property ( __net , doc =
' The containing IP network or an empty string . ' ) def __str__ ( self ) : return _ip42str ( self .
_int ) str = property ( __str__ , doc =
' This IP address as a dot - quad string . ' ) def __ton ( self ) : return self .
_int # is in network byte order ton = property ( __ton , doc = ' This IP address as an int in network byte order . ' ) def __toh ( self ) : return socket .
ntohl ( self .
_int ) toh = property ( __toh , doc =
' This IP address as an int in host byte order . ' ) class MAC ( _ Base ) : '' ' MAC address class . ''' HEX = ' 0 x %012 x ' # hex format ( or ' % #014 x ' ) sep = _MACsep size = 6 # bytes def __init__ ( self , addr ) : ''' Construct a MAC instance from an address string , a hexa / decimal string , an integer value or from another MAC instance .
Raises a TypeError or ValueError for an invalid address . '''
_Base .
__init__ ( self , addr , _mac2int , _macint ) def __str__ ( self ) : h = ' %012 x ' % self .
_int return self .
sep .
join ( [ h [ d : d + 2 ] for d in range ( 0 , len ( h ) , 2 ) ] ) str = property ( __str__ , doc = ' '' This MAC address as a 12 - digit hexadecimal string , separated by the MAC. sep attribute .''' ) def _gets ( gens , exclude ) : ''' Return all IP or MAC addresses subject to exclude . ''' x = exclude if x is None : x = lambda _ : False # PYCHOK expected elif not hasattr ( x , ' __call__ ' ) : raise TypeError ( ' exclude not callable : %r ' % ( x , ) ) t = [ ] for g in gens : for a in g ( ) : if _debugf : _debugf ( ' %s yields : %r ' , g .
__name__ , a ) if a and a not in t and not x ( a ) : t . append ( a ) t = tuple ( t ) if _debugf : _debugf ( ' _gets ( exclude= %r ) : %r ' , exclude , t ) return t def getIPs ( exclude = lambda ip : ip . isreserved ) : ''' Get all unique IP addresses as a tuple of IP instances .
By default , all reserved IP addresses are excluded .
Set optional argument exclude =None to include all IP addresses or provide a callable returning True or False to exclude respectively include a given IP instance . ''' return _gets ( _all_ips , exclude ) def getMACs ( exclude = None ) : ''' Get all unique MAC addresses as a tuple of MAC instances .
By default , optional argument exclude =None to include all MAC addresses .
Provide a callable returning True or False to exclude respectively include a given MAC instance . ''' return _gets ( _all_macs , exclude ) def isIP ( addr ) : ''' Return an IP instance for a valid IP address , None otherwise . ''' try : return IP ( addr ) except ( TypeError , ValueError ) : return None def isMAC ( addr ) : ''' Return a MAC instance for a valid MAC address , None otherwise . ''' try : return MAC ( addr ) except ( TypeError , ValueError ) : return None if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : _argv0 = sys .
argv [ 0 ] + ' ' def printf ( fmt , * args ) : # Formatted print .
print ( _argv0 + fmt % args ) if sys .
argv [ - 1 ] in ( ' - debug ' , ' - d ' ) : _debugf = printf printf ( ' %s using Python %s on %s
' , __version__ , sys .
version . split ( ) [ 0 ] , sys .
platform ) def test ( Class , gets ) : n = Class .
__name__ global e , t e = t = 0 def check ( value , * expected ) : global e , t t += 1 if value not in expected : x = ' , ' . join ( [ repr ( x ) for x in expected ] ) printf ( ' %s error : %r , expected %s ' , n , value , x ) e += 1 s = gets ( ) printf ( ' get %s s( ) : %r ' , n , s ) check ( gets ( ) , s ) for a in s : # check immutable check ( a .
HEX , Class .
HEX ) check ( a . sep , Class . sep ) check ( a . size , Class . size ) try : a . size = 0 check ( a . size , TypeError .
__name__ ) except TypeError : check ( a . size , Class . size ) # check constructor check ( Class ( a ) , a ) check ( Class ( a . hex ) , a ) check ( Class ( a . int ) , a ) check ( Class ( str ( a ) ) , a ) check ( Class ( str ( a . int ) ) , a ) r = repr ( a ) printf ( ' %s .str : %r ' , r , a . str ) printf ( ' %s .hex : %r ' , r , a . hex ) printf ( ' %s .int : %x ( % % x ) ' , r , a . int ) printf ( ' %s .int : %d ( % % d ) ' , r , a . int ) if Class is IP : printf ( ' %s .ton : %x ( % % x ) ' , r , a . ton ) printf ( ' %s .toh : %x ( % % x ) ' , r , a . toh ) printf ( ' %s .net : %r ' , r , a . net ) for m in dir ( a ) : if m . startswith ( ' is ' ) : # check is ... properties p = getattr ( a , m ) printf ( ' %s .
%- 12s %r ' , r , m + ':' , p ) if m . startswith ( ' isprivate ' ) : check ( p , False , True ) else : check ( p , False ) # check immutability try : x = None setattr ( a , p , True ) except : x = sys . exc_info ( ) [ 0 ] check ( x , TypeError ) # check Errors for v , X in ( ( ' text ' , ValueError ) , ( None , TypeError ) , ( [ ] , TypeError ) , ( Class , TypeError ) ) : try : x = None Class ( v ) except : x = sys . exc_info ( ) [ 0 ] check ( x , X ) # check exclude
None case check ( gets ( None ) , gets ( None ) ) printf ( ' %s errors in %d tests
' , e or ' no ' , t ) return e e = test ( IP , getIPs ) + \ test ( MAC , getMACs ) printf ( ' %s errors in total ' , e or ' no ' )
A cougar , a guido and a nerd walk up to a bar . . .
And none got in .
At least not at the uber - hip Boom Boom Room .
To see which New York nightclub really lives up to its “ exclusive ” reputation , The Post hired six models to test the doors at six Meatpacking District clubs — dressing them as classic cool - killing stereotypes .
A Jersey girl , a Bill Gates nerd , a square suburban dad , a guido , a Samantha - esque older woman and a geekette all tried their luck against the city ’s toughest gatekeepers .
The night - life anthropological experiment started at the dance club Tenjune and ended at the bridge - and - tunnel destination Marquee , with four other clubs — Boom Boom Room , 1Oak , Avenue and Griffin — in between .
The results were surprising :
The suburban dad , who got into 5 out of the 6 clubs , had the best partying average , while the guido , shirtless with bulging ab muscles , and the nerdette , wearing a “ Little House on the Prairie ” - style dress , fared the worst , getting into only two clubs each — and only one each for free .
The hardest place to get in was the star - studded Boom Boom Room , where celebs like Madonna and Marc Jacobs get down .
The club denied all six of our characters .
The easiest was Marquee , known for its bottle service and lounge - like vibe .
It allowed all of our test subjects through its doors .
All six of our models heard the kiss - of - death words at least once , “ Can I help you ? ”
The Post found that once those words are uttered , there ’s no chance of getting in .
How did our group of clueless characters fare ?
GUIDO
Actor : Gregory Nalbone
Fresh from the “ Jersey Shore , ” Nalbone sported a wide - open Juicy Couture velour hoodie — revealing a tanned and chiseled chest with a huge blinged - out cross , spiked - up hair and tight white pants .
A bouncer at hot spot Griffin turned him away at the door , saying he needed a prior reservation and then joked to his buddies , “ Zip that s- – – all the way up and maybe I ’ll let you in . ”
When he approached Tenjune , they told him matter - of - factly , “ You need to be on the guest list , ” but when the suburban dad followed suit , he was let right in .
Nalbone received the nastiest treatment at Avenue .
“ I ’m not even addressing him , ” the doorman with the clipboard and leather gloves said .
As Nalbone stood at the entrance and waited , a bouncer picked on him .
“ Yo , dude , where ’s your shirt at ? ” he said as the four other bouncers laughed and pointed .
“ Go put a shirt on .
You need a shirt and a wad of money to get in here . ”
Although Nalbone was playing a character , he could n’t help but feel insulted .
“ I was hurt , mad and embarrassed .
It was hard not being good enough in someone ’s eyes , even if it ’s approval for being who you ’re only pretending to be , ” he said .
But 1 Oak got his confidence back .
Nalbone sidled up alongside a group of gazelle - like Eastern European models who towered over him .
Without a question , the doorman let him in .
At Marquee , his look was appreciated .
“ You look sexy , ” said one barely dressed woman .
Another guy pointed at his jeweled cross and said , “ Yo , bro , that s- – – is hot ! ”
The doorman let him in on one condition — that he buy a bottle for $ 375 .
Accepted : 1Oak
Accepted with cover charge : Marquee
Rejected : Boom Boom Room , Tenjune , Griffin , Avenue
BOTTOM LINE :
We ’ve got a Situation — dissed !
COUGAR
Actor : Belinda Johnson
In a sea of barely dressed girls half her age , the 40 - something cougar , outfitted in a skinny - strap dress , certainly should n’t belong .
But like any good cougar , she went on the prowl , sauntering into four of the six clubs , tying with the barely legal and scantily clad guidette .
The bouncers at Tenjune did n’t initially allow her in , but believed her when she dropped a few high - profile names and insisted that she was on the guest list .
At Avenue , the doorman , who had previously ignored the guidette , immediately unhinged the rope and said , “ Make the men happy , or better yet , make yourself happy . ”
Johnson was made to wait outside Griffin for five minutes as a drunken couple fought beside her , until one of the owners swooped in and waved her inside .
At Marquee , the bouncer gawked at her ID saying , “ Wow .
You look great for your age . ”
But she could n’t get past the line at the younger club 1Oak .
“ I guess I ’m just too old for this club , ” the jaded cougar said to the bouncer .
He looked at her with pity and nodded .
“ Do n’t beat yourself up about it , ” he said , removing the velvet rope for a group of long - limbed models .
The man making decisions , a young sloppily dressed guy in his late 20s , avoided eye contact with Johnson until she gave up and walked away .
“ I just feel like , as a mature woman , I should be shown a little bit more respect , ” Johnson said .
Accepted : Tenjune , Griffin , Avenue , Marquee
Rejected : Boom Boom Room , 1Oak
BOTTOM LINE : Rooowrr , this lioness still scores .
NERD
Actor : Andrew Sheed
Nerds and hipsters are sometimes hard to tell apart — but everything about Sheed , down to the high - waist pants , decade - old striped short - sleeve shirt and the masking - taped spectacles , screamed , “ The Steves [ Urkel and Jobs ] have got nothing on me ! ”
To try to get into the clubs , our nerd made the bouncer an offer he could refuse .
“ I work at a start - up , and if you let me in I ’ll give you some stock options , ” he said to the burly bouncer at Tenjune .
The bouncer asked for a card , then would n’t let him in .
At the Boom Boom Room , Sheed started name - dropping .
“ Who are you here with ? ” the female bouncer asked .
“ Madonna , ” he said nonchalantly .
“ She ’s not here tonight , ” she said with a distinct note of sheer repulsion .
“ Oh , sorry , I mean the guy from the Rolling Stones , ” he said .
The woman turned her back and pretended he was n’t there .
But at 1 Oak , the geekiness paid off .
Initially rejected by the huge doorman , he told them , “ But I ’m working on a paper about the mating habits of beautiful people , ” and a man dressed in a gray suit with a pocket square waved him in .
Like the guidette , he was allowed into Griffin on the condition that he reserved a table for $ 450 .
At Avenue , the bouncer first refused to talk to him , but when he started asking the bouncers , “ Is it the glasses ?
Jay - Z wears these glasses ! ”
The doorman quickly countered with , “ That ’s his problem . ”
Accepted : 1Oak , Marquee
Accepted with cover charge : Griffin
Rejected : Tenjune , Boom Boom Room , Avenue
BOTTOM LINE :
The nerd gets his revenge .
NERDETTE
Actor : Jen Hobbs
If the combination of the pink Converse sneakers and a floor - length peasant dress that could be right out of the show “ Big Love ” did n’t get her rejected on first glance , the grandma - style frames were sure to do it .
At Griffin , one of the two clubs she got into , she was made to pay a hefty premium — $ 450 to reserve a table .
No amount of money would get her into any of the other places .
At Tenjune , she was directed to the restaurant , where they had an open - door policy , because the club was “ guest - list only . ”
Yet , right after she walked away , bouncers let a group of women into the club without even checking their names .
At the Boom Boom Room , the snippy female bouncer told her to “ try the beer garden down the street .
They ’ll let you in . ”
Hobbs was a little bit hurt by the dismissive Boom Boom Room gatekeeper .
“ That was the only time I felt a little bit insulted because the woman I talked to just walked away mid-sentence , ” she said .
“ I felt a little bit taken aback by her attitude . ”
Every other club , with the exception of Marquee , which told her that they were far from booked , said they had a “ guest - list only ” policy for the night .
Accepted : Marquee
Accepted with cover charge : Griffin
Rejected : Tenjune , Boom Boom Room , 1Oak , Avenue
BOTTOM LINE : Clubs do n’t make passes at women with glasses .
SUBURBAN DAD
Actor : Jeff Knapp
With his noxious floral - patterned ’ 80s tie , beat - up briefcase and absent - minded professor - style tweed jacket , the suburban dad stuck out like a sore thumb in the Meatpacking District ’s land of hard - partying 20 - somethings .
When Knapp approached the androgynous bouncer at the Boom Boom Room , he was shot with a look of utter disgust .
“ Sorry , honey .
No , ” the bouncer sneered .
“ You can go hang out over there , ” he said , pointing to a public seating area .
“ There are plenty of women there . ”
But the doorman at 1 Oak clearly got a kick out of Knapp , who proudly boasted that he was “ off daddy duty for the night . ”
Without hesitation , the doorman lifted the velvet rope and invited him in .
At Avenue , he was let in but with a caveat and humiliation .
“ How are the Cosmos in here ? ” asked the hapless dad .
“ What are you from ‘ Sex and the City ’ ?
Are you Carrie Bradshaw ? ” the gatekeeper , who wore a pencil moustache and leather gloves in 80 - degree heat , shot back .
After a few moments of letting Knapp sweat , he finally said , “ If you ’re not on the guest list , I would need to set you up for a bar minimum , a $ 100 a person , credit card and an ID , good for a couple of cocktails . ”
At Marquee , the bouncer had a similar proposition : “ You can come in if you start a bar tab for $ 100 . ”
Accepted : Tenjune , 1Oak
Accepted with cover charge : Griffin , Avenue , Marquee
Rejected : Boom Boom Room
BOTTOM LINE : Father parties best — for a price
GUIDETTE
Actor : Joanna Sambucini
Outfitted with a sky - blue “ Jersey Girl ” baby - tee , butt - bearing jean short - shorts and a Dirty Jersey - designed hair pouf , our 23 - year - old sex - on - a - stick guidette was a big hit at most of the Meatpacking District clubs .
When Sambucini approached the raucous line in front of Tenjune , she was immediately pulled to the front of the line , where a doorman asked her for her digits and hit her with the tired pickup line , “ Are you a model ? ”
She was the life of the party at 1Oak , where five bouncers surrounded her , asking her where she was from .
“ Jersey Shore , duh ! ” she said , pointing to her shirt .
“ Oh , my God !
You are too much , ” the bouncer said and moved aside to let her into the club .
But she was passed over at the Boom Boom Room , where a cynical smoker commented , “ Is that girl really wearing a Jersey Girl T - shirt ? ”
Forget Avenue .
When she approached the doorman , he took her ID , looked at it flippantly and told her to wait by the gate .
But as the minutes went by , she approached again .
This time he ignored her , turned his back and walked away .
“ That guy was such a jerk , ” Sambucini said .
“ He actually made me feel bad ! ”
Accepted : Tenjune , Griffin , 1Oak , Marquee
Rejected : Boom Boom Room , Avenue
BOTTOM LINE : Snooki would be proud .
CLUBBED
How did our six plants fare at Avenue and other Meatpacking District hot spots ?
The results :
Boom Boom Room
Andre Balazs ’ swanky nightclub on the 18th floor of the Standard Hotel brings in the likes of Axl Rose and Scarlett — but no one else , apparently .
0 out of 6
Avenue Lounge
The one - year - old $ 2.5 million gastro - lounge ( sans dance floor ) regularly attracts the Hilton sisters .
2 out of 6
Tenjune
You ’ll see everyone from models to celebrities to the cast of the “ Jersey Shore ” at this small , zebra- printed , gold - encrusted and purple - velvet lounge .
3 out of 6
1Oak
The Yankees celebrated last year ’s World Series win at the lush dance - club spot .
4 out of 6
Griffin
At its May 2009 opening , Kate Hudson and Sting were spotted drinking bubbly .
5 out of 6
Marquee
The seven - year - old nightclub used to be the hottest place in town — now its crowded dance floors mainly attract bridge - and - tunnelers .
6 out of 6
JOHANNESBURG
And the winner is .
...
As the World Cup opens Friday amid a celebration of exceptional vibrancy with host South Africa playing Mexico , two countries float above the field of 32 teams : Spain and Brazil .
Yes , Africa is the host .
Yes , Asia is developing .
And , yes , there are dark horses  the gifted but erratic Argentines , the talented Dutch and the ever self - confident English among them .
But player for player , performance on performance , the Spanish and the Brazilian squads look to be the best .
And for both , anything less than victory at the final of this 64 - game soccer marathon , to be held here July 11 , will be a bitter disappointment .
Spain , which has never won the World Cup , has stolen the higher ground from Brazil , a five - time winner .
Not only are the Spaniards camped in a university town in the hills to the north , while Brazil ’s training is at a high school just outside the Johannesburg suburbs , but it is Spain that talks , and thinks , the Beautiful Game of individual creativity and sportsmanship within a team construct that was once Brazil ’s forte .
1912 : Alan Turing , who will go on to become one of the 20th century ’s greatest mathematicians , computer scientists and philosophers , is born .
Turing is probably best known to Wired readers as the inventor of the “ Turing test , ” a way of measuring a computer ’s ability to simulate intelligent human conversation .
But he ’s more significant as one of the most influential computer - science pioneers of the 20th century , the man who invented and formally described the concept of a universal computing device , now known as a Turing machine .
He ’s also a genuinely interesting figure , albeit a tragic one .
An eccentric who liked to bicycle while wearing a gas mask and who occasionally wore pajama tops underneath suit jackets , he was also a prodigious and eclectic genius .
He was elected a Fellow of King ’s College , Cambridge University , just four years after entering as an undergraduate .
Imagine enrolling at Harvard at 19 and becoming a faculty member in the mathematics department at 23 , and you ’ll have an idea how sharp he was .
A nearly Olympic - class marathon runner , Turing ’s best time was 2 hours , 46 minutes , 3 seconds ( by comparison , Delfo Cabrera won the 1948 Olympic marathon in 2:34:52 ) .
Yet , he was bookish , retiring and solitary in his study habits .
Turing was also a gay man in an era when homosexuality was not just taboo , but illegal .
He was punished for his homosexuality in 1952 under the same 1885 law that had brought down Oscar Wilde more than half a century before .
In lieu of a prison term , Turing was sentenced to a year of hormone “ therapy ” — basically , chemical castration with estrogen treatments aimed at curbing his sex drive .
Intellectually , Turing ’s work defies easy categorization .
He was influenced by Bertrand Russell and the circle of progressive intellectuals around John Maynard Keynes at Cambridge .
His earliest work was mathematical , extending Kurt Gödel ’s proofs that any mathematical system must necessarily be incomplete .
But in solving that problem , Turing invented the notion of a universal machine , a now - fundamental concept in computer science .
A Turing machine is a device with an infinitely long tape , which it can use to write , read and alter arbitrary symbols ( such as 1s and 0s ) .
Starting with a basic set of operations , even the simplest Turing machine can be used to compute anything that is computable , Turing proved .
Interestingly , Turing machines can be used to simulate the behavior of other Turing machines — much as emulators let today ’s Windows PCs play the same code that used to run on coin-operated Atari consoles in the 1980s .
After completing a Ph.D. at Princeton in just two years , Turing went on to play a pivotal role in the codebreaking work at Bletchley Park in England during World War II , cracking the code of the German “ Enigma ” cipher machine .
After the war , he designed an ambitious computer , but the machine was never built .
Unfortunately , Turing ’s work was n’t widely recognized during his lifetime , in part because so much of it was done as part of classified government work .
In the last years of his life was working on what would now be called computational biology , using a computer to model how an organism ’s genes manifest themselves in physical traits .
Turing died on June 7 , 1954 , in an apparent suicide .
An apple found by the side of his bed may have been laced with cyanide .
It took more than 50 years , but in 2009 , the British government apologized for the country ’s appalling treatment of one of its great intellectual and wartime heroes .
“ It is no exaggeration to say that , without his outstanding contribution , the history of World War II could well have been very different , ” then –Prime Minister Gordon Brown wrote .
“ So on behalf of the British government , and all those who live freely thanks to Alan ’s work , I am very proud to say :
We ’re sorry , you deserved so much better . ”
The Alan Turing Year will commemorate Turing ’s centennial in 2012 with a wide - ranging array of events .
For an accessible introduction to Turing , his concept of a Turing machine , and his contributions to artificial intelligence theory , check out the 4 - minute video below from BCS , a British nonprofit .
Information Pioneers : Alan Turing from Information Pioneers on Vimeo .
Source : Various
See Also :
LONDON ( Reuters ) - A week after one of his wells in the Gulf of Mexico began spewing crude into the sea , BP Chief Executive Tony Hayward visited the Reuters office in London .
BP CEO Tony Hayward delivers his opening statement about the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico at the House Energy and Commerce Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington , June 17 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Larry Downing / Files
Initially anxious , the CEO relaxed and grew in confidence as he outlined his plans to halt the leak , peppering his conversation with industry slang like “ mods ” , short for “ modifications ” .
His message over the lunch with senior journalists was clear : BP had one of the biggest engineering , logistical and financial problems the oil industry had ever faced , but the company was up to the challenge .
What the CEO failed to mention was that BP also faced a massive political problem , perhaps the biggest such crisis for an oil company operating in the United States since Teddy Roosevelt broke up John D. Rockefeller ’s Standard Oil .
It was a telling omission .
BP ’s failure to grasp the fact that its biggest challenge was in Washington , not the Gulf , has led to a series of gaffes and strategic communications errors that have inflamed public opinion , fanned the political firestorm and dragged the company ’s share price ever lower .
Most analysts expect the spill cleanup to cost under $ 30 billion , but BP ’s market capitalisation is down $ 100 billion , on expectations it will face fines of up to $ 30 billion as well as curbs on its business in the United States , its most important market .
It did n’t have to be this way .
“ BP ’s handling of the spill from a crisis management perspective will go down in history as one of the great examples of how to make a situation worse by bad communications , ” said Michael Gordon , of New York - based crisis PR firm Group Gordon Strategic Communications .
“ It was a combination of a lack of transparency , a lack of straight talking and a lack of sensitivity to the victims .
When you ’re managing an environmental disaster of this magnitude you not only have to manage the problem but also manage all the stakeholders ” .
SERIAL OFFENDER
From the start , BP adopted positions that fuelled suspicion .
Hayward repeatedly told reporters in the first days after the rig drilling the doomed well exploded that “ it was n’t our accident . ”
Instead , the CEO blamed Transocean , the company that operated the drilling rig .
“ In such an awful and public situation , to immediately blame someone else , even if you ’re right , is bad from a public relations standpoint , ” said Henry Sneath , First Vice - President with DRI , an association of U.S. corporate defence lawyers .
“ You immediately blacken your reputation and poison potential jurors that might ultimately rule on your faith . ”
The company also failed to tackle its image as a serial safety and environmental offender .
That was especially true in the United States where regulators had blamed both a 2005 refinery blast that killed 15 workers and pipeline leaks in Alaska in 2006 on cost - cutting .
When a Congressional Committee in mid-May highlighted this record , BP insisted it had changed .
But it could n’t say how .
“ BP ’s inability to precisely describe the improvements it has made in its safety and operational culture took us by surprise , ” UBS said in a research note after the hearing .
ESTIMATING THE DAMAGE
BP further weakened its credibility by underestimating the amount of oil leaking from its well .
Even when scientists challenged the Coast Guard ’s 5,000 barrel - per - day estimate of the flow rate , BP defended it robustly .
On May 14 , Bob Dudley , BP ’s director for the Americas , told MSNBC the 5,000 bpd figure was “ a good estimate ” and that calculations of up to 70,000 bpd were “ scaremongering ” .
On June 15 , a government panel said the flow rate was actually up to 60,000 bpd and internal BP documents released by a U.S. Congressman last week showed BP had itself calculated the well could flow at up to 100,000 bpd .
“ Once you ’ve lost trust and credibility , your ability to get your message across is critically hampered , ” said Jonathan Hemus , director of Insignia Communications .
Then there were Hayward ’s mistakes .
Telling interviewers the spill was “ relatively tiny ” and that the environmental impact was likely to be “ very , very modest ” was interpreted as a crude attempt to downplay the spill ’s impact .
Even worse was Hayward ’s comment on TV that he wanted his life back .
Predictably , wives of some of the 11 men who died in the rig blast responded that they ’d like their husbands back .
On June 25 , Hayward ’s boss , the BP Chairman , Carl - Henric Svanberg said Hayward was returning to the UK , admitting the CEO ’s remarks had “ upset people ” .
A day later , Hayward showed he could upset the U.S. public just as capably from the other of the Atlantic , when he was photographed aboard his yacht off the Isle of Wight as the oil spill confined fishermen in Louisiana to port .
“ I think we can all conclude that Tony Hayward is not going to have a second career in PR consulting , ” White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel told ABC news after the yachting incident .
LITTLE U.S. EXPERIENCE
What makes the mistakes even worse , is that BP should have been well placed to mount a world - class crisis PR effort .
The firm had almost unlimited resources .
Its chairman was a media - savvy former telecoms CEO .
And its head of public relations , Andrew Gowers , was a former editor of the Financial Times , and one - time Reuters reporter , with recent experience of crisis management : Gowers headed Lehman Brothers PR team during its collapse , although the rapidity and breadth of the banking meltdown was such that no amount of PR could have saved the bank .
Yet the oil giant had a key shortcoming .
BP ’s British CEO had never held a position in the United States , its Swedish chairman had limited U.S. experience , and Gowers ’ only stint working in the United States was his few months with Lehman .
Hayward exacerbated his lack of U.S. savvy by choosing another Briton , Alan Parker , head of the UK ’s largest financial PR agency , Brunswick , as his external PR adviser .
It was n’t until late May before the company appointed a heavy - hitting U.S. PR representative -- Dick Cheney ’s former spokeswoman , Anne Kolton .
The lack of local knowledge hurt BP in those first few weeks .
U.S. executives say that it is difficult for European executives , especially those who have n’t spent a long time working in the United States , to understand the combatative political landscape there .
“ In Europe , the attitude would be much more , ‘ the company is the only one who can solve the problem , so what do we need to do to help the company to get it sorted ? ’ ” said Patrick Dunleavy , a professor of political science at the London School of Economics .
“ The company did n’t adequately gauge how much backlash there would be and how quickly it would be ... that was a really bad piece of risk management , ” he added .
BP ’s managers were not alone in underestimating the political risks .
European investors continually shrugged off strongly worded comments from the White House , made after U.S. markets closed , only for American investors , who were more attuned to the significance of what was coming out of Washington , to hammer BP ’s New York - listed American Depositary Receipts when U.S. markets reopened .
For a graphic showing the performance in the London listing vs. ADR please click on r.reuters.com/tug39k
TOUGHER MEDIA
BP has also been caught out by a more hostile media than it is used to .
For long the UK ’s largest and most international business , BP ’s success is a source of pride for a former imperial power which agonises over its position in the world .
To many in Britain , the CEO of BP is the patron saint of British business -- someone whose pronouncements on matters even outside the energy space can make the front pages .
Even now , BP enjoys a reasonably positive press in Britain .
But the role of U.S. television in reporting the disaster in has been a challenge for a media team more geared toward dealing with financial reporters whose professional readers care less about snappy sound - bites .
BP would have faced public anger and political pressure no matter how slick its PR , of course .
The question is : could it have handled the situation better ?
Some analysts are doubtful .
“ PR is not the antidote to what ’s happening here .
Whenever something like this happens it is a 100 percent certainty that the public relations will be deemed to be botched , ” said Eric Dezenhall , a crisis PR specialist for almost 30 years ,
Washington - based Dezenhall said BP ’s communications efforts must be judged over the longer term .
“ All of these PR chestnuts that sound wonderful in a college class , about apologising and contrition , there is very , very weak data to show these cliches bear out in reality ” .
Image caption
The fine relates to energy output in Colorado
British oil firm BP has been fined $ 5.2 m ( £ 3.5 m ) by the US Interior Department .
The fine was imposed after the firm was accused of making " false , inaccurate , or misleading " reports regarding energy output on tribal lands in Colorado .
The fine was levied by the department 's Bureau of Ocean Energy Management , Regulation and Enforcement , formerly the Minerals Management Service .
The case is not related to the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
' Unacceptable '
In a written statement , the Interior Department said the case related to BP 's activities on Southern Ute Native American tribal lands in southwestern Colorado .
" It is simply unacceptable for companies to repeatedly misreport production , particularly when it interferes with the auditing process , " said Michael Bromwich , the director of BOEMRE .
BOEMRE said auditors found BP reported incorrect royalty rates and prices .
A woman died on the Bay Bridge early today in a fiery crash with a recycling truck , briefly shutting down eastbound traffic on the lower deck , authorities said .
The crash happened when the woman , driving a Volvo at high speed , ran into the back of a recycling truck in the eastbound direction in the Yerba Buena Island tunnel shortly before 3:50 a.m .
Photo : Hannah Whitaker
“ It ’s really , really simple , ” says Mark Ladner about his hundred - layer lasagne .
Yes , that ’s 100 layers : 50 practically transparent sheets of handmade pasta , alternating with 50 layers of sauce ( Bolognese , besciamella , and marinara ) .
Each 80 - portion pan has to go into the oven by 1:30 P.M. every day .
Otherwise , it does n’t have enough time to cool and coalesce by dinner and completely collapses when you try to slice it .
It takes three kitchen stations and many hands to put it together .
Skewers hold it in place while it sets .
You need a special spatuala to serve it .
Maybe “ simple ” is n’t the word .
Ladner debuted this lofty lasagne a few months ago on his $ 500 Collezione menu , a lavish , one - party - per- service immersion into the full Del Posto experience ( wine included ) , in which the 6 - foot - 4 chef serves each of the nine savory courses himself .
For the lasagne course , he carries a sizeable hunk into the dining room on a silver tray , places it on a gueridon , and proceeds to carve the thing tableside .
That ’s right , he carves the lasagne tableside , a technique perhaps never before performed on Garfield ’s favorite foodstuff .
Since then , the lasagne has become a bit of a word - of - mouth sensation , and it ’s no wonder .
If you stand well over six feet tall , and you dress yourself in chef ’s whites and a paper hat , and then you parade a titanic noodle casserole on a silver tray through Del Posto ’s marbled dining room and proceed to carve it as if it were a Thanksgiving turkey , the non-Collezione guests are bound to notice .
They start asking questions , and soon enough , word gets out .
Tom Colicchio tweets about it .
Rich Torrisi and Mario Carbone over at Torrisi Italian Specialties speak of it in low , reverent voices .
And then , Ladner , a man of the people , has no choice but to offer it to the lasagne - starved masses on the restaurant ’s $ 95 regular - folk tasting menu , as well as à la carte for anyone who knows to ask for it .
( It ’s even on the Mother ’s Day menu . )
At lunch , the hundred - layer lasagne takes an altogether different , but equally impressive form :
The prior day ’s casserole is sliced , each towering portion set on its side , seared in olive oil on the griddle until charred , then served with a splash of tomato sauce .
Ladner himself has been known to stick a skewer in it and eat it cold like a popsicle .
And yet , the question remains :
Why lasagne , why now , why at Del Posto ?
“ Well , we ’ve struggled to find an identity for this restaurant that made sense , ” says Ladner .
Inspired by the tortilla española at Casa Mono , he set out to channel lasagne ’s crowd - pleasing , ultratraditional essence into Del Posto ’s elevated approach to modern Italian cuisine .
You might say it ’s not unlike what Daniel Boulud did with the “ db ” burger or Thomas Keller with Bouchon ’s inimitable quiche .
Classic comfort food , refined and redefined .
But why 100 layers ?
“ Well , I started with twenty , and just kept going , ” says Ladner .
“ One hundred seemed like a nice even number . ”
FÁTIMA , Portugal — Pope Benedict XVI used a famous Portuguese shrine to the Virgin Mary on Thursday as a stage to denounce abortion and gay marriage , just days before Portugal is expected to join five European countries that have legalized same - sex weddings .
In a speech here to Catholic social service groups , Benedict called for initiatives aimed at protecting “ the family based on the indissoluble marriage between a man and a woman , help to respond to some of today ’s most insidious and dangerous threats to the common good . ”
He also said he expressed his “ deep appreciation for all those social and pastoral initiatives aimed at combating the socioeconomic and cultural mechanisms which lead to abortion , and are openly concerned to defend life and to promote the reconciliation and healing of those harmed by the tragedy of abortion . ”
The audience in a chapel at the shrine gave the pope a standing ovation .
The pope ’s remarks came on the third day of a four - day visit aimed at shoring up Christian belief in increasingly secular Europe , although it has been somewhat eclipsed by the sexual - abuse scandal confronting the Vatican in recent weeks .
Benedict also has used the visit to signal a more forceful tone in confronting the abuse , which he has called a “ sin inside the church . ”
It was supposed to be the most memorable performance in Glastonbury 's history , but Bono has been left " heartbroken " after U2 were forced to cancel their headline slot at this year 's festival following the singer 's back injury last week .
Organisers confirmed that U2 would have to pull out earlier today , saying : " We are just gutted , it is really terribly sad . "
The singer is following medical advice to cancel forthcoming performances after undergoing emergency surgery for severe compression of the sciatic nerve .
The injury occurred during rehearsals for their world tour last Friday .
The band then cancelled a string of live shows while the 50 - year - old singer recovered in hospital .
Bono released a statement through Glastonbury festival , saying : " I 'm heartbroken .
We really wanted to be there to do something really special – we even wrote a song especially for the festival . "
Glastonbury organiser Michael Eavis said : " It was obvious from our telephone conversation that U2 are hugely disappointed .
Clearly , they were looking forward to playing the Pyramid stage as much as we were looking forward to watching them .
At this point , we have no comment to make about possible replacements for U2's Friday night slot .
Instead , we would simply like to send Bono our very best wishes for a full and speedy recovery . "
A spokesperson for the festival responded to speculation about who would replace U2 : " We wo n't be making any comment about who will headline on Friday .
Bono has only just got out of hospital , he is not in a good way .
It would really be a bit crass if we start talking about who was to replace them . "
Following the announcement of U2's headline performance in November 2009 , Eavis said : " We 've been trying for years ...
And now we 've finally made it happen .
I 'm sure they will pull out all the stops to make next year 's Glastonbury the most memorable ever . "
U2 were in the middle of a world tour that has been described as the " biggest rock tour in history " , thanks to the sheer scope of its ambitious set design .
The tour had been projected to gross $ 750 m ( £ 524 m ) by the end of 2010 .
Forthcoming dates for U2's North American tour have been also been postponed .
The band have promised to reschedule all dates for 2011 .
The Guardian is the official media sponsor of Glastonbury festival , which takes place on 25 - 27 June .
Conservationists are in the Dominican Republic to save one of the world 's strangest and most ancient mammals - the Hispaniolan solenodon .
After days of searching , the team finally tracks down one of the bizarre beasts .
A shout from the forest sounds , bursting through the night chorus of frog tinks and cricket chirrups .
" They 've got one , they 've got one , " someone yells .
Image caption
At last , science reporter Rebecca Morelle gets to meet a solenodon
At last , science reporter Rebecca Morelle gets to meet a solenodon
On the trail of a ' living fossil ' A story of solenodon survival
It is the middle of the night , and local research assistants Nicolas Corona and Lleyo Espinal have been trawling the dense forest vegetation , attempting to track down the elusive Hispaniolan solenodon .
They need complete silence to find the animals : they pinpoint them by listening for the sounds of rustling leaves as the little creatures scuttle across the forest floor .
With anticipation building , we head towards them , our head torches illuminating the path ahead , all the while attracting a blur of insects drawn by the light .
The solenodon has been placed in a bag , which is the best way to keep it calm while it is temporarily captured .
As the bag is opened , a pungent , musty smell - the solenodon 's signature scent - seeps out .
It is carefully pulled out by its tail .
And while this looks uncomfortable , the researchers say this is the least stressful way to hold the animal .
Thick gloves are donned , essential for protection against the solenodon 's most ancient feature - it is the only mammal in the world that can inject venom through its teeth .
While the poison is not deadly to humans , it is far from ideal to get bitten - and this seems even more pertinent as the creature first tries to sink its sharp teeth into Dr Sam Turvey , and then , when it is my chance to hold it in my glove - covered hand , me .
At last , face to face with the animal , and it is easy to see why it has been dubbed one of the world 's oddest creatures - it looks like a cross between an ant - eater , a shrew and a rat .
It has a ginger - brown coat and is about the size of a rabbit .
It has a long , slender nose , which it is snuffling about with in the palm of my hand ; its super - sensitive whiskers are twitching around .
And every now and then , it has a little scratch with its huge clawed feet , all the while peering at the cooing crowd with its tiny , beady eyes .
Image caption
The animal has been around since the time of the dinosaurs
It is hard to believe that the animal I am holding would probably have looked more or less the same when it shared this land with the dinosaurs , 76 million years ago .
But while this creature has managed to survive through a whole series of major trials and tribulations - the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs , major changes to the climate and then the arrival of humans - today , the animal is under threat .
And this is the reason why we are here .
The team I am with , made up of scientists from Jersey 's Durrell Wildlife Conservation Trust , the Zoological Society of London ( ZSL ) , the Hispaniolan Ornithological Society ( SOH ) , have embarked on a project called The Last Survivors .
They say that this scheme , which is funded by the UK Government 's Darwin Initiative , and is supported by the Dominican Republic 's national zoo and environment ministry , could be our last chance to save the solenodon .
And from our few days in the Sierra de Bahoruco , a mountain range that straddles the border between the Dominican Republic and Haiti , some of the problems facing this mammal are plain to see .
Image caption Haiti has suffered from heavy deforestation , which has had a devastating impact on the country
As we drive along the aptly named international road - a bumpy track that at some points , marks the border between the two countries - the differences are clear .
Where the Dominican side is mostly lush , green and vegetation covered , Haiti is dry and brown , with barely a tree in sight .
And this does not just occur in the border area .
While about 25 % of the Dominican Republic is covered with forest , only 1 % of Haiti is .
Jorge Brocca , director of the SOH , says : " It 's probably impossible for the solenodons to survive in that kind of habitat . "
He says that in some ways , the problems caused by deforestation in Haiti , such as the soil degradation that has left the country flash flood - prone , serve as a stark warning to the Dominican Republic - and to the rest of the world .
Charcoal problems
But the Dominican part of this mountain range is still suffering problems .
As we trek through the dense vegetation , we frequently come across patches that have been cleared of trees , the wood burnt in a pit covered with earth to create charcoal .
The SOH's Pedro Martinez tells me : " This has always happened , but we 've been finding more and more of these since the earthquake in Haiti . "
Poor Haitians , displaced by the earthquake , he says , are coming across the border into the Dominican Republic 's tree - rich forests to make charcoal to take back Haiti to sell .
He explains : " They have no trees left in Haiti , so they come here . "
Image caption Cats have been caught on camera coming out of solendon burrows
But loss of habitat is not the only problem facing the solenodons .
Animals that have been introduced to the country over the last few hundred years are also causing problems .
Dr Richard Young , head of conservation science at Durrell , explains : " Invasive animals like rats , mongoose , cats and feral dogs have all been suggested to be major threats . "
Motion - sensitive camera traps that the team have been setting outside solenodon burrows are beginning to shed light on how much of an issue this might be .
Dr Young said : " We 've filmed cats and rats emerging from their burrows .
And this is really worrying . "
Wishful thinking
As our close encounter with the solenodon nears its end , the team record the GPS location where it has been found , measure the animal , and take some DNA samples by pulling out a tuft of hairs .
What we want to do is ensure the long term survival of this unique animal Dr Richard Young , Durrell
They are doing this to start to build up a clearer scientific picture of an animal that has , until now , been barely researched .
Dr Young says : " This is a mammal in a region of the world that is fairly well developed , it 's not that remote - but yet , still , we know next to nothing about it , which is really quite shocking . "
Over the next three years ,
The Last Survivors team wants to answer some of the really basic questions about solenodons - where they are found , how many there are , and how problems such as deforestation and invasive mammals might be affecting them .
And then , once they know that , says Dr Young , the conservation of the solenodon can really begin in earnest .
He says : " We are really laying the groundwork for the survival of the solenodon - what we want to do is ensure the long term survival of this unique animal . "
After the tests are complete , the little creature is finally released .
It scurries back into the forest - making a quick stop for an insect snack on the way .
And as it vanishes into the darkness of the night , I feel hopeful that this remarkable animal , which has managed to survive against all the odds for the last 76 million years , could somehow , with the help of these scientists , remain a weird and wonderful fixture in these forests for many more years to come .
PianoMan Profile Blog Joined September 2008 Pakistan 54 Posts Last Edited : 2009-03-28 12:14:30 #
1
KeyCraft : In Memoriam ...
Remapping Your Hotkeys
Hello TL.net -ers !
I recently went on a hunt out of interest to make sure that the method of remapping hotkeys had not been lost to the mists of time .
The old starcraftgamers ( now gosugamers ) article seems inaccessible at gosugamers.net , so I have decided to preserve the knowledge here , and hopefully a new generation of players can experience the joy of not hitting ' p ' instead of ' o ' when trying to siege .
KeyCraft ( the program pictured above ) stopped working long ago , so I am here to teach you how to do it the more difficult way .
Hello TL.net - ers !
I recently went on a hunt out of interest to make sure that the method of remapping hotkeys had not been lost to the mists of time .
The old starcraftgamers ( now gosugamers ) article seems inaccessible at gosugamers.net , so I have decided to preserve the knowledge here , and hopefully a new generation of players can experience the joy ofhitting ' p ' instead of ' o ' when trying to siege .
KeyCraft ( the program pictured above ) stopped working long ago , so I am here to teach you how to do it the more difficult way .
Fun Fact : KeyCraft had a bug where , if you did n't change Psionic Storm research 's hotkey , it would set it to ' a ' instead of ' p ' .
Thus , I now use ' a ' instead of ' p ' as my hotkey for that as I never bothered to change it back .
KeyCraft had a bug where , if you did n't change Psionic Storm research 's hotkey , it would set it to ' a ' instead of ' p ' .
Thus , I now use ' a ' instead of ' p ' as my hotkey for that as I never bothered to change it back .
The Programs
You will need only two programs to do this ( besides Starcraft , obviously ) .
WinMPQ
TblPad
WinMPQ and TblPad .
Find them
Warning
I do n't believe TblPad gracefully handles having east asian languages installed .
If you have them installed , you will have to a ) have someone else do it for you b) uninstall east asian languages temporarily or c ) [ recommended ] make use of
You will need only two programs to do this ( besides Starcraft , obviously ) .
WinMPQ and TblPad .
Find them here ( Ctrl + F for TblPad and then for WinMPQ and download them ) I do n't believe TblPad gracefully handles having east asian languages installed .
If you have them installed , you will have tohave someone else do it for youuninstall east asian languages temporarily or [ recommended ] make use of AppLocale The Method
Back up patch_rt.mpq ( located in c:\program files \starcraft or similar directory ) ( ctrl + c then ctrl + v in the folder will make a copy of it )
Open WinMPQ.exe
Go to File → Open and browse to patch_rt.mpq
Scroll down until you find rez\stat_txt .tbl .
This file contains hotkeys and tooltips for all things in Starcraft .
It is what you will be modifying .
You might notice that there are a whole bunch of them .
They are different languages .
English is ( at least for me , and probably for you ) the first one .
Right click it , and extract to somewhere where you will be able to find it .
.
This file contains hotkeys and tooltips for all things in Starcraft .
It is what you will be modifying .
You might notice that there are a whole bunch of them .
They are different languages .
English is ( at least for me , and probably for you ) the first one .
Right click it , and extract to somewhere where you will be able to find it .
Close WinMPQ for now ( or leave it open in the background , but we wo n't use it for a while )
Open up TblPad.exe .
Select File → Open and open up the stat_txt .
tbl you extracted .
You should now have a list of various things .
Remap hotkeys as you desire !
I 'm going to interrupt the steps for a second to walk you through remapping a hotkey .
In this example we will remap the Protoss Observer so that it is built by a ' g ' .
After all , who wants to go all the way to the 'o ' key on the right there !
Hit Search and type bserver ( without the O ! ) .
The reason is that the O in Observer is colored , so it will have markup around it .
Thus , searching for " Observer " would not find what we are looking for !
) .
The reason is that the O in Observer is colored , so it will have markup around it .
Thus , searching for " Observer " would not find what we are looking for !
The first result is : o< 1> Build < 3>O<1> bserver <0 > . the < # > tags are markup for coloring .
The first letter , o , is the hotkey .
< 1 > represents ' normal ' color , while < 3 > represents the yellow used to represent hotkeys .
Since we want our observer to be built with g , let 's make some changes !
. the < # > tags are markup for coloring .
The first letter , o , is the hotkey .
< 1 > represents ' normal ' color , while < 3 > represents the yellow used to represent hotkeys .
Since we want our observer to be built with g , let 's make some changes !
Did you figure out the changes ?
+
Show Spoiler [ PianoMan 's version ] + g< 1> Build Observer ( < 3 > G< 1 > ) <0 >
I did n't have a space between the second < 1 > and the ) , but smiley BBCode is killing my post .
And now , after you have done the remapping of hotkeys as you desire :
Hit File → Save and then File → Exit
Re-open WinMPQ and open patch_rt.mpq again .
Press Mpq → Add ... and select stat_txt.tbl
A box will come up asking you the folder !
type rez\
Press File → Exit
Open StarCraft and try your changes out !
I 'm going to interrupt the steps for a second to walk you through remapping a hotkey .
In this example we will remap the Protoss Observer so that it is built by a ' g ' .
After all , who wants to go all the way to the 'o ' key on the right there !
And now , after you have done the remapping of hotkeys as you desire : FAQ
Q : You 're a cheating asshole
A : I do n't really think so .
If it bothers you , do n't play with me and do n't use it .
There have been extensive discussions over this in the past ( do a search on TL for Keycraft ) and arguing over this is not my purpose here .
I will ignore any people attempting to argue about whether or not this is cheating or hacking or whatever .
Q : I do n't use English language BW .
Help !
A : I do n't have any non-English BW versions available to me .
I would n't be surprised if it works as long as you extract the correct language version from the MPQ ( you can make sure you get the right one by opening it up and seeing if it's in your language ) .
If it does n't , tough luck , sorry , but I have no idea how to help you .
Q : Is it compatible with xyz program ?
A : Yes , it works with absolutely everything from what I know : bwlauncher , maphacks , chaos launcher , iccup , and so on .
Q : Can you be banned for cheating ?
A : By Blizzard ?
Maybe , but I 've been using it for around 5 years and have n't been banned .
If you do get banned , sorry , but it 's not my problem and I will do absolutely nothing to help you about it .
By competitions ?
In person , sure , you probably can't use it at something like WCG .
Online , they have absolutely no way of knowing , so they can't really ban you for it .
It 's not a hack and there have never been rules set for it , although some argue that it 's against the spirit of it or somesuch .
Q : Any hotkey recommendations ?
A : Remap scourge to ' c ' or something like that -- prevents you from spamming 's ' once too many times when selecting larvae and making scourge when you desperately need lings .
Remap hotkeys to your left hand -- it 's much easier to hit the appropriate hotkeys that way .
Remap siege mode / mines to ' d ' or some similarly easy to hit key .
Etc. etc.!
Q : JPG compression sucks and your images should have been PNG
A : Yeah , I guess you 're right .
I do n't feel like re-taking the screenshots though .
Q : Something else
A : Post in the thread , that 's why it 's here !
Q : The programs wo n't run for me .
Help !
On March 28 2009 02:46 r3dox wrote :
for everybody with trouble running the tools you need this file
http://download.microsoft.com/download/vb40ent/sample27/1/w9xnt4/en-us/vb4run.exe
extract it and copy the 2 dll files into C:\windows \system for everybody with trouble running the tools you need this fileextract it and copy the 2 dll files into C:\windows\system
Q : I use a foreign language version !
On March 28 2009 16:24 Bajadulce wrote :
1 . For foreign language stat_txt. tbls simply add them by using the options tab in WinMPQ and changing the locale ID .
This sometimes is n't so obvious .
2 . Not all strings follow the same pattern .
There are rules for different types of strings such as unit training , upgrades , research etc .
Details here for those interested :
http://www.staredit.net/wiki/TBLPad_Hotkey_String_Format
1 . For foreign language stat_txt. tbls simply add them by using the options tab in WinMPQ and changing the locale ID .
This sometimes is n't so obvious .
2 . Not all strings follow the same pattern .
There are rules for different types of strings such as unit training , upgrades , research etc .
Details here for those interested :
On March 28 2009 17:24 Catyoul wrote :
Here is some info in addition to the guide ( feel free to add them to the OP ) :
- if you get a list of files unknownblabla instead of the real names , get
- There are several rez\stat_txt . tbl in the list , they correspond to different languages .
Here are the locale IDs :
0 Neutral ( English )
1031 German
1033 English
1034 Spanish
1036 French
1040 Italian
1046 Portugese
Extract the one that fits the locale you want to change .
- If you want to change a different locale than English , before adding stat_txt .
tbl back into the mpq , go to options and input the right one in the " Locale ID for adding files " field .
Here is some info in addition to the guide ( feel free to add them to the OP ) :- if you get a list of files unknownblabla instead of the real names , get patch_rt.mpq.txt .
In WinMPQ , go to options , then File lists , then Add File list with that file . -
There are several rez\stat_txt .
tbl in the list , they correspond to different languages .
Here are the locale IDs :0 Neutral ( English ) 1031 German1033 English1034 Spanish1036 French1040 Italian1046
PortugeseExtract the one that fits the locale you want to change . -
If you want to change a different locale than English , before adding stat_txt .
tbl back into the mpq , go to options and input the right one in the " Locale ID for adding files " field .
P i a n o M a n
P i a n o M a n Az the Donkey
PrinceOfControl Profile Blog Joined September 2004 Norway 159 Posts # 2 L2P
Look forward , but think back ..
PianoMan Profile Blog Joined September 2008 Pakistan 54 Posts Last Edited : 2009-03-27 11:06:59 #
3
OK , the layout should be fine now .
----
I see that I broke the layout a bit .
I will reupload the images and use thumbnails .
OK , the layout should be fine now .
---- On March 27 2009 19:44 PrinceOfControl wrote :
L2P
L2P
+ Show Spoiler +
The P means Post
P i a n o M a n L2PP i a n o M a n Az the Donkey
dnastyx Profile Blog Joined January 2009 United States 1448 Posts # 4
Although I probably wo n't use this , it 's a well written , helpful guide .
May I suggest you put the FAQ slightly higher up ?
That way , it 's more likely you 'll get less posts likr PrinceofControl's .
PianoMan Profile Blog Joined September 2008 Pakistan 54 Posts Last Edited : 2009-03-27 11:03:20 # 5
On March 27 2009 19:52 dnastyx wrote :
Although I probably wo n't use this , it 's a well written , helpful guide .
May I suggest you put the FAQ slightly higher up ?
That way , it 's more likely you 'll get less posts likr PrinceofControl's .
Thanks
Where would you suggest putting it ?
Putting the FAQ before the method itself would seem a little strange to me because it would be talking about things that do not yet make sense .
P i a n o M a n Thanks Where would you suggest putting it ?
Putting the FAQ before the method itself would seem a little strange to me because it would be talking about things that do not yet make sense .
P i a n o M a n Az the Donkey
Yaqoob Profile Blog Joined March 2005 Canada 3252 Posts Last Edited : 2009-03-27 11:04:07 #6
This is banned in any competitive tournament so I find its pretty stupid and it gives an unfair advantage online .
Q : Can you be banned for cheating ?
A : By Blizzard ?
Maybe , but I 've been using it for around 5 years and have n't been banned .
If you do get banned , sorry , but it 's not my problem and I will do absolutely nothing to help you about it .
By competitions ?
In person , sure , you probably can't use it at something like WCG .
Online , they have absolutely no way of knowing , so they can't really ban you for it .
Pretty sad imo 김택용 Fighting !
janenba56 Profile Joined March 2009 Korea ( South ) 57 Posts # 7 cheating is using 3rd party programs to give someone an advantage over another person .
respect for the amount of effort you put into this but at its core this is cheating asdf
-orb- Profile Blog Joined September 2007 United States 5718 Posts # 8
First off , this is n't allowed and is cheating ...
I mean you 're even editing game files .
Pretty obvious .
Secondly , you do n't need to put " P i a n o M a n " at the end of all your posts ... we can see your name very clearly at the top of your posts .
' life of lively to live to life of full life thx to shield battery '
how sad that sc2 has no shield battery :(
PianoMan Profile Blog Joined September 2008 Pakistan 54 Posts Last Edited : 2009-03-27 11:17:37 #9
Anyone else brave enough to step up to admit to using modified hotkeys ?
The ones I use are ( maybe some others I can't think of at the moment , but I think this is all ) :
Protoss :
Dark Templar - f
Observer - g
Corsair - d
Cybernetics Core - z
Observatory - g
Research Psionic Storm - a
Terran :
Marine - z
Siege Mode - d
Spider Mines - d
Zerg :
Scourge - c
Funnily enough , I just found the original article at gosugamers .
net ( not through the search link , but rather from a post at teamliquid .
net as I was looking at different topics here with regards to it ) .
You can find it here .
I 'm leaving my version up anyway though , but if you find my instructions confusing or stupid you can use theirs !
Anyone else brave enough to step up to admit to using modified hotkeys ?
The ones I use are ( maybe some others I can't think of at the moment , but I think this is all ) : Protoss : Dark Templar - fObserver - gCorsair - dCybernetics Core - zObservatory - g Research Psionic Storm - aTerran : Marine - z Siege Mode - dSpider Mines - dZerg : Scourge - c On March 27 2009 20:14 - orb- wrote :
Secondly , you do n't need to put " P i a n o M a n " at the end of all your posts ... we can see your name very clearly at the top of your posts .
True enough , I guess .
It 's a habit .
P i a n o M a n True enough , I guess .
It 's a habit .
P i a n o M a n Az the Donkey
WhuazGoodJaggah Profile Blog Joined January 2009 Lesotho 777 Posts Last Edited : 2009-03-27 11:23:02 # 10 On March 27 2009 20:03 Yaqoob wrote :
This is banned in any competitive tournament so I find its pretty stupid and it gives an unfair advantage online .
no it does NOT give you an unfair advantage .
you wont suddenly beat bisu because you have superior hotkeys .
its unfair the other way arround , because f.e. in the german version you send medics with e instead of a and that fucking sucks to press 1 a2a3e my medics often fall behind because of this .
as you are canadian you may get it like this better : if in the NHL only 1 size of hockeysticks would be allowed wouldnt that be fucking unfair the the ppll not falling into the norm ?
or even better , 1 size skates , wouldnt that be amazing , no more unfair advantages for ppl with big foots and therefor a better stance ?
just like with hotkeys , its idiotic to not have customizable settings .
ppl with small fingers or not freaky alien finger who spread like crazy have an UNFAIR disadvantage .
so all plz stop crying about such minor advantage who are surely not UNFAIR , but enjoy the increased funfactor gained by customizing your hotkeys .
no it does NOT give you an unfair advantage .
you wont suddenly beat bisu because you have superior hotkeys .
its unfair the other way arround , because f.e. in the german version you send medics with e instead of a and that fucking sucks to press 1 a2a3e my medics often fall behind because of this .as you are canadian you may get it like this better : if in the NHL only 1 size of hockeysticks would be allowed wouldnt that be fucking unfair the the ppll not falling into the norm ?
or even better , 1 size skates , wouldnt that be amazing , no more unfair advantages for ppl with big foots and therefor a better stance ?
just like with hotkeys , its idiotic to not have customizable settings .
ppl with small fingers or not freaky alien finger who spread like crazy have an UNFAIR disadvantage .
so all plz stop crying about such minor advantage who are surely not UNFAIR , but enjoy the increased funfactor gained by customizing your hotkeys .
small dicks have great firepower
SnowFantasy Profile Blog Joined September 2006 4147 Posts # 11 Meh it 's cheating and I 'll skip using it .
S n o w F a n t a s y .
Diomedes Profile Joined March 2009 464 Posts Last Edited : 2009-03-27 11:37:15 # 12 On March 27 2009 20:17 WhuazGoodNjaggah wrote :
You wont suddenly beat bisu because you have superior hotkeys .
I wo n't suddenly beat Bisu if I have maphack either .
I wo n't suddenly beat Bisu if I have maphack either .
as you are canadian you may get it like this better : if in the NHL only 1 size of hockeysticks would be allowed wouldnt that be fucking unfair the the ppll not falling into the norm ?
or even better , 1 size skates , wouldnt that be amazing , no more unfair advantages for ppl with big foots and therefor a better stance ?
just like with hotkeys , its idiotic to not have customizable settings .
ppl with small fingers or not freaky alien finger who spread like crazy have an UNFAIR disadvantage .
But if there is a rule against , like in SC , it would be cheating .
There 's tons of sports where some equipment is banned .
Like in cycling or F1 .
Same is true in SC .
Some things you are not allowed to use .
And yeah , its unfair .
Since if you were to use the normal way to play you would be a lot worse .
So the difference between the normal hotkeys and the way you hack the game is quite big , I assume .
Why else make so much effort to break the rules .
Also , cheaters are banned on TL.net .
Pianoman basically made a guide to cheating .
It 's not just banned in WCG and any other tournament .
It 's also considered cheating on iccup , where most people reading here play .
Not to mention third party programs are n't allowed on bnet .
Not even chaos launcher is technically allowed .
' Cheating ' is defined as breaking the rules .
Just because you think it's ok to break a rule does n't mean it 's not cheating .
Just because you wo n't be caught breaking the rule does n't mean it 's not cheating .
If you want to cheat like this , fine .
You are right , it 's not that a big deal .
Many people wo n't really care .
But cheating it is .
Of course no harm is meant by all this .
But that 's all besides the point .
All those WC3 people that claim SC is easy and then go and remap the keys greatly annoy me .
It 's almost like me playing them in WC3 and turning off auto rally and smart cast for them .
But if there is a rule against , like in SC , it would be cheating .
There 's tons of sports where some equipment is banned .
Like in cycling or F1 .
Same is true in SC .
Some things you are not allowed to use .
And yeah , its unfair .
Since if you were to use the normal way to play you would be a lot worse .
So the difference between the normal hotkeys and the way you hack the game is quite big , I assume .
Why else make so much effort to break the rules .
Also , cheaters are banned on TL.net .
Pianoman basically made a guide to cheating .
It 's not just banned in WCG and any other tournament .
It 's also considered cheating on iccup , where most people reading here play .
Not to mention third party programs are n't allowed on bnet .
Not even chaos launcher is technically allowed .' Cheating ' is defined as breaking the rules .
Just because you think it's ok to break a rule does n't mean it 's not cheating .
Just because you wo n't be caught breaking the rule does n't mean it 's not cheating .
If you want to cheat like this , fine .
You are right , it 's not that a big deal .
Many people wo n't really care .
But cheating it is .
Of course no harm is meant by all this .
But that 's all besides the point .
All those WC3 people that claim SC is easy and then go and remap the keys greatly annoy me .
It 's almost like me playing them in WC3 and turning off auto rally and smart cast for them .
pandabearguy Profile Joined June 2008 United States 252 Posts # 13 thanks for the hard work .
P a n d a b e a r g u y Yes , it 's cheating , yes it 's illegal , and yes , it 's a well put - together guidethanks for the hard work .
P a n d a b e a r g u y aka [ ucr ] pandabearg .
much <3
floor exercise Profile Blog Joined August 2008 Canada 5629 Posts # 14
It 's only regarded as cheating by most people because it 's not widely known .
Include keycraft in the iccup launcher or something like that and it is no longer cheating , it 's just another addition to improve the game by those great individuals in the community .
As long as everyone has equal ability to edit their keys , it is n't cheating imo .
Also to use the reason " it 's editing files " to call it cheating , chaos launcher , penguinplug etc , use injection methods identical to map hacks .
I had no idea keycraft stopped working , it was n't that long that I used it ( 2 years or so )
The more people using it the better .
Scooge Profile Joined December 2008 Iceland 144 Posts # 15
What 's the difference between this and a hack that allows multiple building selection ?
It 's just a convenience for casual players right ?
L2P the game the way it was designed and with its shortcomings and stop trying to get an advantage over people .
floor exercise Profile Blog Joined August 2008 Canada 5629 Posts # 16
Well the difference is that all around the world different versions of BW have different hotkeys , whereas the amount of units you can select is universal .
So pretending like everyone is on even footing to begin with is n't correct .
Second there are already programs like chaos coach , and apm alert that are advantageous for one player to have at a certain skill level if his opponent does n't have it .
So this is n't some new precedent , people have been using non hack 3rd party modifications of BW for their own benefit for a long time .
Third it stops being an advantage if everyone has the opportunity to do it .
If everyone who ran the ICCUP launcher also had the ability to change their hotkeys there would be no advantage .
If instead of resisting it for some reason when probably 75 % of the people here do n't even play BW anyway , you focused on spreading the knowledge .
then it would n't be a shortcoming of SC we'd have to live with anymore , would it ?
Also , I just ran core .
exe from keycraft and it patched my patch_rt fine , so I think it still works
meathook Profile Joined December 2007 1288 Posts Last Edited : 2009-03-27 12:43:44 # 17
On March 27 2009 20:17 WhuazGoodNjaggah wrote :
Show nested quote +
On March 27 2009 20:03 Yaqoob wrote :
This is banned in any competitive tournament so I find its pretty stupid and it gives an unfair advantage online .
no it does NOT give you an unfair advantage .
you wont suddenly beat bisu because you have superior hotkeys .
its unfair the other way arround , because f.e. in the german version you send medics with e instead of a and that fucking sucks to press 1 a2a3e my medics often fall behind because of this .
no it does NOT give you an unfair advantage .
you wont suddenly beat bisu because you have superior hotkeys .
its unfair the other way arround , because f.e. in the german version you send medics with e instead of a and that fucking sucks to press 1 a2a3e my medics often fall behind because of this .
Well , it 's your own fault for using fucking stupid german version of SC .
Everyone plays with the english keys , learn to do so aswell .
EDIT : Actually , Blizz should 've set the same hotkey for all versions .. but you should not complain , you chose to play that version , you either get used to the hotkeys that are there or switch over to english version .
No one is forcing you to use the german version and using keycraft is not an option , imo .
This is considered cheating .. mods should lock this , imo .
TL does not have guides on how to use oblivion , and this should be no different .
Actually , Blizz should 've set the same hotkey for all versions .. but you should not complain , you chose to play that version , you either get used to the hotkeys that are there or switch over to english version .
No one is forcing you to use the german version and using keycraft is not an option , imo .
its idiotic to not have customizable settings .
ppl with small fingers or not freaky alien finger who spread like crazy have an UNFAIR disadvantage .
Lolwut ?
M e a t h o o k
Lolwut ?
M e a t h o o k An ugly planet .
A bug planet .
Biff The Understudy Profile Blog Joined February 2008 France 6858 Posts Last Edited : 2009-03-27 12:53:47 # 18 On March 27 2009 20:12 janenba56 wrote :
cheating is using 3rd party programs to give someone an advantage over another person .
respect for the amount of effort you put into this but at its core this is cheating
I 'm using a french keyboard azerty
OMFG , I DON'T PRESS THE SAME KEYS THAN YOU IMO BAN ALL FRENCH PLAYERS !!
But there is worse ...
I used a french version of the game for ages !
OMFFFFFG BAN ALL PEOPLE WHO HAVE DIFFERENT VERSION OF THE GAME STORM ON T IS FUCKING IMBA !!
That 's silly .
I used that program log time ago to hotkey p my comsat .
0s 9s is far and I 'm too lazy .
It 's nowhere in IcCup rules that you can't do that .
Nor in bnet rules .
So fuck that .
Obviously , if you go for an msl , you wo n't be allowed to change your computer , but otherwise whatever ?
People are just fucking stupid with this competitive stuff .
I play for fun , I find the game more confortable with a lightly customized keyboard , what 's wrong with that ??
And if you really are that stupid , why do n't you complain that people are using different keyboard ?
Should I cry because I play on a laptop which is way harder to master than a desktop keyboard ?
So wtf , guys , seriously ?
I 'm using a french keyboard azertyOMFG , I DON'T PRESS THE SAME KEYS THAN YOU IMO BAN ALL FRENCH PLAYERS !!
But there is worse ...
I used a french version of the game for ages !
OMFFFFFG BAN ALL PEOPLE WHO HAVE DIFFERENT VERSION OF THE GAME STORM ON T IS FUCKING IMBA !!
That 's silly .
I used that program log time ago to hotkey p my comsat .
0s 9s is far and I 'm too lazy .
It 's nowhere in IcCup rules that you can't do that .
Nor in bnet rules .
So fuck that .
Obviously , if you go for an msl , you wo n't be allowed to change your computer , but otherwise whatever ?
People are just fucking stupid with this competitive stuff .
I play for fun , I find the game more confortable with a lightly customized keyboard , what 's wrong with that ??
And if you really are that stupid , why do n't you complain that people are using different keyboard ?
Should I cry because I play on a laptop which is way harder to master than a desktop keyboard ?
So wtf , guys , seriously ?
Beware of the dreams of others , because if you are caught in their dream , you are screwed .
Dreams are terrifying will to power .
~ Gilles Deleuze
WhuazGoodJaggah Profile Blog Joined January 2009 Lesotho 777 Posts # 19 On March 27 2009 20:33 Diomedes wrote :
Show nested quote +
On March 27 2009 20:17 WhuazGoodNjaggah wrote :
You wont suddenly beat bisu because you have superior hotkeys .
I wo n't suddenly beat Bisu if I have maphack either .
I wo n't suddenly beat Bisu if I have maphack either .
if you had half a brain you would put that statement into relation .
i would own my clanmate hard if i turned mh on , but when i change medic key from e to a i wont suddenly win more vs him , the only thing changed is , that i wont miss my medics in a fight that often .
i could also change the version to english everytime i play a TvZ , then the medic key would be changed too .
wouldnt that be an amazing way to play the game ?
especially because it makes it impossible for me to play random , what if i suddenly have to play TvZ ?
Show nested quote +
as you are canadian you may get it like this better : if in the NHL only 1 size of hockeysticks would be allowed wouldnt that be fucking unfair the the ppll not falling into the norm ?
or even better , 1 size skates , wouldnt that be amazing , no more unfair advantages for ppl with big foots and therefor a better stance ?
just like with hotkeys , its idiotic to not have customizable settings .
ppl with small fingers or not freaky alien finger who spread like crazy have an UNFAIR disadvantage .
But if there is a rule against , like in SC , it would be cheating .
There 's tons of sports where some equipment is banned .
Like in cycling or F1 .
Same is true in SC .
Some things you are not allowed to use .
But if there is a rule against , like in SC , it would be cheating .
There 's tons of sports where some equipment is banned .
Like in cycling or F1 .
Same is true in SC .
Some things you are not allowed to use .
yes and we as community make the rules .
its not like different tires are banned in cycling , its not different skate sizes which are banned in icehockey its not different shoecolor thats banned in football .
its fucking ridiculous to ban such things which make no big difference especially if there IS already different things of that .
we as community shouldnt cry about things like keycraft we should cry because of maphacks and queue hacks and multi select and multi command and drop warnings and shit like this .
if you had half a brain you would put that statement into relation .
i would own my clanmate hard if i turned mh on , but when i change medic key from e to a i wont suddenly win more vs him , the only thing changed is , that i wont miss my medics in a fight that often .
i could also change the version to english everytime i play a TvZ , then the medic key would be changed too .
wouldnt that be an amazing way to play the game ?
especially because it makes it impossible for me to play random , what if i suddenly have to play TvZ? yes and we as community make the rules .
its not like different tires are banned in cycling , its not different skate sizes which are banned in icehockey its not different shoecolor thats banned in football .
its fucking ridiculous to ban such things which make no big difference especially if there IS already different things of that .
we as community shouldnt cry about things like keycraft we should cry because of maphacks and queue hacks and multi select and multi command and drop warnings and shit like this .
And yeah , its unfair .
Since if you were to use the normal way to play you would be a lot worse .
So the difference between the normal hotkeys and the way you hack the game is quite big , I assume .
Why else make so much effort to break the rules .
ok , i underlined and bolded the shit you spit .
you dont even know how much different it is , yet you dare to talk about it like you are wisdom itself .
i am currently playing with normal settings as im simply to lazy to change it , why ?
BECAUSE IT DOESNT MAKE A HUGE DIFFERENCE ! f.e. i played a TvZ vs my clanmate , we are about equal me a bit better than him ( like i win 4 out of 7 ) .
this TvZ took like 50 mins , i won but i was fucking angry after the game , because i left my medics like 2 or 3 times behind , it was just unecessary but it didnt decide the game .
he didnt win the game because i have a fucked up key setting , but it significantly lowered the fun for me to play TvZ and i love to play TvZ .
ok , i underlined and bolded the shit you spit .
you dont even know how much different it is , yet you dare to talk about it like you are wisdom itself .
i am currently playing with normal settings as im simply to lazy to change it , why ?
BECAUSE IT DOESNT MAKE A HUGE DIFFERENCE ! f.e. i played a TvZ vs my clanmate , we are about equal me a bit better than him ( like i win 4 out of 7 ) .
this TvZ took like 50 mins , i won but i was fucking angry after the game , because i left my medics like 2 or 3 times behind , it was just unecessary but it didnt decide the game .
he didnt win the game because i have a fucked up key setting , but it significantly lowered the fun for me to play TvZ and i love to play TvZ .
Also , cheaters are banned on TL.net .
Pianoman basically made a guide to cheating .
It 's not just banned in WCG and any other tournament .
It 's also considered cheating on iccup , where most people reading here play .
Not to mention third party programs are n't allowed on bnet .
Not even chaos launcher is technically allowed .
why you say chaos launcher ( actually its plugins ) is TECHNICALLY not allowed ?
its against the rules = its cheating = dont fucking treat it different .
if you name it dont lower the fact just say it plain and correct .
ChaosLauncher plugins = cheat / against the rules PERIOD !
why you say chaos launcher ( actually its plugins ) is TECHNICALLY not allowed ?
its against the rules = its cheating = dont fucking treat it different .
if you name it dont lower the fact just say it plain and correct .
ChaosLauncher plugins = cheat / against the rules PERIOD !
Of course no harm is meant by all this .
But that 's all besides the point .
All those WC3 people that claim SC is easy and then go and remap the keys greatly annoy me .
It 's almost like me playing them in WC3 and turning off auto rally and smart cast for them .
wow your really ignorant .
as if the skill in bw relies in the hotkey setup .
wow your really ignorant .
as if the skill in bw relies in the hotkey setup .
On March 27 2009 21:24
Scooge wrote :
What 's the difference between this and a hack that allows multiple building selection ?
It 's just a convenience for casual players right ?
L2P the game the way it was designed and with its shortcomings and stop trying to get an advantage over people .
you like hard numbers ?
i can tell you the difference .
to make 10 zealots i can do it like this
1b2b3b4b5b6b7b8b9b0b b=build zealot
or i can do it like this
1z2z3z4z5z6z7z8z9z0z
this takes almost the same ammount of time , BUT with multiple buildings you do this :
1z
thats 10 times less as actions as the other 2 . dont make fucking shit comparings .
its like comparing murder to stealing a chewing gum .
also im not trying to get an advantage over someone when i adjust my hotkeys i just want to have the SAME as my opponent .
my opponent can send his medics with a , i want to send my medics with a aswell , is that so much of an advantage i get ?
you like hard numbers ?
i can tell you the difference .
to make 10 zealots i can do it like this 1b2b3b4b5b6b7b8b9b0 b b=build zealotor i can do it like this 1z2z3z4z5z6z7z8z9z0 zthis takes almost the same ammount of time , BUT with multiple buildings you do this : 1zthats 10 times less as actions as the other 2 . dont make fucking shit comparings .
its like comparing murder to stealing a chewing gum.
also im not trying to get an advantage over someone when i adjust my hotkeys i just want to have the SAME as my opponent .
my opponent can send his medics with a , i want to send my medics with a aswell , is that so much of an advantage i get ?
On March 27 2009 21:39 meathook wrote :
This is considered cheating .. mods should lock this , imo .
TL does not have guides on how to use oblivion , and this should be no different .
then lock all the chaos launcher threads , advloader threads , apmlive threads , bwchart threads too , ok ?
they have about the same relation to oblivion like hacks as KeyCraft has .
Show nested quote +
On March 27 2009 20:17 WhuazGoodNjaggah wrote :
On March 27 2009 20:03 Yaqoob wrote :
This is banned in any competitive tournament so I find its pretty stupid and it gives an unfair advantage online .
no it does NOT give you an unfair advantage .
you wont suddenly beat bisu because you have superior hotkeys .
its unfair the other way arround , because f.e. in the german version you send medics with e instead of a and that fucking sucks to press 1 a2a3e my medics often fall behind because of this .
no it does NOT give you an unfair advantage .
you wont suddenly beat bisu because you have superior hotkeys .
its unfair the other way arround , because f.e. in the german version you send medics with e instead of a and that fucking sucks to press 1 a2a3e my medics often fall behind because of this .
Well , it 's your own fault for using fucking stupid german version of SC .
Everyone plays with the english keys , learn to do so aswell .
EDIT : Actually , Blizz should 've set the same hotkey for all versions .. but you should not complain , you chose to play that version , you either get used to the hotkeys that are there or switch over to english version .
No one is forcing you to use the german version and using keycraft is not an option , imo .
Actually , Blizz should 've set the same hotkey for all versions .. but you should not complain , you chose to play that version , you either get used to the hotkeys that are there or switch over to english version .
No one is forcing you to use the german version and using keycraft is not an option , imo .
noone is forcing me to use german version ?
in my country i can only buy either french or german version of starcraft .
only because some mind crippled idiot like you tell me i cant play a game how i feel convinient without getting an unfair advantage i should buy another version of starcraft ?
oh and plz all the whiners , dont play maps like bluestorm , because they are all made with 3rd party programs and therefor violate the EULA .
then lock all the chaos launcher threads , advloader threads , apmlive threads , bwchart threads too , ok ?
they have about the same relation to oblivion like hacks as KeyCraft has .
noone is forcing me to use german version ?
in my country i can only buy either french or german version of starcraft .
only because some mind crippled idiot like you tell me i cant play a game how i feel convinient without getting an unfair advantage i should buy another version of starcraft?oh and plz all the whiners , dont play maps like bluestorm , because they are all made with 3rd party programs and therefor violate the EULA .
small dicks have great firepower
StylishVODs Profile Joined December 2005 Sweden 5331 Posts # 20 I dont see how this can be considered cheating .
If i want to use other hotkeys its ok for me to buy the german starcraft cd and play with those hotkeys ?
Or maybe ill buy a russian one ... hmm or maybe chinese startcraft fits me better .
Hotkeys are n't the same everywhere .
According to Reach , he is the fastest learner he has ever seen .
He start bw only like 2/3 years ago .
Infact , his bw history knowledge is so limited , he did n't even know what the map Guillotine was .
1 2 3 4 5 7 8 9 Next All
Financial elite covered - up imminent global housing collapse year before it happened
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , June 14 , 2010
New revelations concerning how the Irish Central Bank hid data in a 2006 report indicating that a housing market crash was imminent underscores once again how financial elites covered - up signs of the coming economic turmoil in order to exploit the crisis at the expense of the people .
Months before the Irish housing market started to crumble in early 2007 , which was followed by a wider collapse in the UK property market , the Irish Central Bank buried data from a crucial report which suggested that a 15 per cent fall in house prices was around the corner .
“ It was decided in 2006 to exclude from the main text of the report data and references to a likely 15 per cent house price overvaluation that was contained in a themed research paper , ” states Professor Patrick Honohan ’s report .
The Central Bank refused to release the minutes of the meeting where the report was discussed but then “ deliberately ” left out of the final review document .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The story mimics elements of how Goldman Sachs were secretly betting against the U.S. housing market in 2006 and 2007 while peddling to its clients more than $ 40 billion in securities backed by at least 200,000 risky home mortgages .
As Greg Gordon of McClatchy Newspapers reported last year , the clandestine move , ” enabled the nation ’s premier investment bank to pass most of its potential losses to others before a flood of mortgage defaults staggered the U.S. and global economies . ”
According to a report by the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations , Goldman Sachs made billions betting on a housing market collapse , not just through its short positions against the mortgage market , but “ also against securities that Goldman Sachs had assembled and marketed to its customers ” .
The Goldman cover -up , allied with new revelations of how the Irish Central Bank similarly conducted itself , goes right to the heart of how financial elites were aware of the imminent economic crisis and positioned themselves fully to exploit it while leaving millions of unwitting homeowners to pick up the tab as the value of their assets shrunk and their houses entered negative equity .
This article was posted : Monday , June 14 , 2010 at 4:46 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
May 24 , 2010  -- Whoa .
What a finale .
More than two - and - a - half hours after the epic battle between good and evil on " Lost " squared off for the final showdown , the fate of the Oceanic Flight 815 passengers was revealed .
Spoiler alert :
This article contains information included in Sunday night 's " Lost " finale .
As the six - year series closed , along with Jack 's eye -- nice book - ending , producers -- we learn that the flash - sideways world we 've delved into throughout most of the final season was a kind of limbo , or purgatory , until the survivors could be reunited one last time .
The general consensus across America in the moments after the credits rolled was a resounding " Wait ... what ? "
Click HERE to watch the executive producers share their thoughts on the final episode with Diane Sawyer .
The series ' final moments made it clear that Jack Shepherd had died on the island and reunited with his finally proud papa Christian .
But the epilogue of the rest of the cast remained up for debate on the Internet this morning .
Some people believe all aboard Oceanic Flight 815 died when the plane broke apart over the Pacific and slammed into the island in pieces .
But faithful watchers will know this -- the island was real .
Their adventures , the Others , the Dharma initiative , the mythology -- it was all real .
Sawyer , Kate and Claire made it off the island for good aboard the Ajira plane ( accompanied by Miles , Lapidus and by the finally - aging Richard . )
Hurley , Ben and Desmond stayed behind to protect the island .
Their fates will remain hidden , though we learn from the final gathering at the church that everyone eventually died , some before Jack , his father told him , and some a long time after .
Those who had previously died on the island -- Sun , Jin , Sayid , Shannon , Boone -- never got a second chance except in the afterlife .
And as the group gathered , both buoyed and amazed by the connections they remembered , they moved on together -- no longer stuck between worlds , able to finally find peace .
' Lost's ' Mysteries : What Got Solved , What Will Remain Forever Hidden ?
While dozens of questions about the series remain unanswered , we did get some closure with the characters ' personal lives .
Kate chose Jack in the hours before he died .
Sawyer found Juliet , his true love , in purgatory .
Ben finally accepted his place on the island as No. 2 -- a role he took on with honor after decades spent fighting for something more .
Last week , ABCNews.com questioned several longstanding mysteries on the " Lost " island .
Below , we go back to find out what was solved and what remains up to the viewer to figure out .
' Lost ' Numbers : 4 8 15 16 23 42
It 's become common theory in the blogosphere that the meaning of the series of numbers , central to so many of the island 's events , was never revealed .
The numbers -- used by Hurley to win the lottery and Desmond to keep the hatch from exploding -- have popped up dozens , perhaps hundreds , of times over the course of the show .
Producers used them almost as a " Where 's Waldo " type of challenge for devoted Losties , sticking them on sports jerseys and bedside alarm clocks .
They even served as the flight number for the doomed plane itself .
But did we really learn their significance ?
Probably not .
Smoke Monster Death : How to Guide
Sure , we found out how Jacob and the Man in Black ( later to become the smoke monster ) came to live on the island -- shocker , they 're twins ! -- when a recent episode revealed they had been born to a shipwrecked young mother and raised by an all - knowing woman who bashed the mother 's head in shortly after she gave birth .
But when the young castaway questioned the island woman about where she came from , the woman simply brushed her off , saying , " Every question I answer will simply lead to another question . "
It almost seemed to be a message from " Lost " producers , straight into the living rooms of the show 's fans .
We never found out where Mother -- the woman who raised them -- wound up on the island or came to possess the power to protect it .
But as " Lost " ended , so did the epic battle between good and evil between Jacob and the Man in Black .
Jacob faded as soon as Jack accepted his new role as island protector .
And Jack made good on his promise to kill the Man in Black inhabiting John Locke 's body .
Once Desmond extinguished the light , taking the Man in Black 's powers along with it , Kate was able to shoot him in the back , followed by an assist over the cliff with Jack .
The only quibble with the finale ?
The Man in Black spent centuries trying to make it off the island , killing dozens and inspiring his twin brother to radically alter history for hundreds of people to keep him at bay .
And he 's killed by a gunshot and a fall off the cliff .
Seriously ?
Desmond and the White Light
We 've all known Desmond Hume was special from the very moment he came face to face with the survivors back in season one .
And not just for his mega - watt grin and swoon - worthy accent .
Once the hatch - keeper , whose sole reason for existence was to push a button every 108 minutes -- there are those numbers again -- Desmond can withstand enormous quantities of the island 's electromagnetic power even after others have died from the same exposure .
Charles Widmore , you know , before he was casually blown away by Ben , said Desmond was his " last resort . "
And indeed , he was the last resort to saving the island from the Man in Black .
It was Desmond 's ability to withstand the electromagnetic energy to disable the island 's powers long enough for the threat of evil to be extinguished .
Thanks , brutha .
The universe owes you one .
Deep Sea Adventures
This season 's opener introduced the flash sideways .
Because , you know , after years of figuring out flashbacks and flash forwards , viewers needed a little shake - up .
But as we got to see glimpses of a world we do n't yet understand , we were also treated to a very quick flash of the island in a flash - sideways world -- deep under the ocean with a Dharma - branded shark circling overhead .
It was referenced several times in the first hour when Fake Locke threatened to sink the island .
And after Desmond removed the cork from the well of light , we did indeed see portions of the cliffs plummet into the ocean .
But we now know that the ocean floor island was part of the castaways ' purgatory .
So did the island sink when they finally moved on ?
We 'll never know .
Shoes Off Everyone , Who 's Got Four Toes ?
Losties first got their glimpse of the giant four - toed statue watching over the island at the end of season two .
The statue in modern times is severed at the ankle , but flashbacks to the early Jacob days have included views of the back of the full statue .
It appears to be an Egyptian god , the most popular theory that it 's Sobek , a Nile god with the head of a crocodile .
It was revealed at the end of season five that Jacob lived inside the statue , but it was never revealed where it came from or why it watches over the island .
Where Did They Go? The Walt and Vincent Edition
The show relied heavily on Walt -- Michael 's young son who was being brought back to live with his father after years of estrangement .
When they crashed on Oceanic 815 , they crashed along with Vincent , Walt 's loyal yellow Labrador retriever .
Walt was supposed to have been special , to be able to do things and see things the others could n't , including teleporting while being held hostage by the Others .
But then his father took him off the island , and we saw little of him after that .
Michael ended blowing up along with Widmore 's freighter -- can we call being blown up pulling an Arzt ?
But Walt has n't been seen since a brief meeting with John Locke in season five 's " Life and Death of Jeremy Bentham . "
We never again saw Walt or Michael .
Not in the flash - sideways world and not in the church .
Could it be that Malcolm David Kelly , the actor who began playing young
Walt at the tender age of 12 , grew so much physically during the show 's run that his character no longer fit -- literally -- into the story ?
But we got lots of Vincent .
After a brief appearance in season five under the care of time - traveling Rose and Bernard , we found that 's where Oceanic Flight 815 's only canine survivor has been all this time .
As a mortally wounded Jack crawled into the bamboo to die , the faithful Vincent laid by his side , just as he had in the moments after the plane crash six years ago .
Good boy , Vincent .
Richard Alpert : Smokey 's Toss Can't Be the End
Oh , Richard .
Oh , sweet , loyal , conflicted Richard .
Rendered ageless by Jacob back in the days after Black Rock shipwrecked , Richard has formed alliances and dazzled us all with his naturally grown guy - liner .
We found out in the finale that the uber - gladiator toss inflicted by a really ticked off smoke monster did n't finish the old man off .
But curiously , once both Jacob and the Man in Black had died , Miles noticed a curious change in Richard : a grey hair .
We 'll take that to mean that Richard has finally been released from his lifelong sentence , free to leave the island after 150 years .
The Next Catastrophic Bubble to Pop Will Be Private Sector Debt
Much is said about the propensity of USA to pile on public debt to try and right the wrongs of the moronic lenders of yester - year …. and the risks that entails , but private sector debt is a much bigger “ Elephant ” in the Jacuzzi than public sector debt .
Seven point six times bigger to be precise , that ’s about the ratio that it reached in 1929 before dropping precipitously , over about ten years , to about 70 % of public debt .
In a rare moment of lucidity Alan Greenspan , once remarked that a country with the luxury of its very own fiat currency always has the option of printing more money to pay its debts .
That ’s why US Treasuries are rated AAA , because if you lend the US Government $ 10 today , you can be 99.99 % sure that in ten or twenty years time they will pay you back , plus interest .
Of course you wo n’t be able to buy much with that $ 10 in thirty years time , but that ’s another story .
Not so for private sector debt .
There is only one private sector entity that can “ legally ” print dollar bills in USA , and that ’s the Federal Reserve ( although some question exactly how “ legal ” that is , but that ’s another story too ) .
The “ problem ” of private sector debt :
Almost everyone agrees that there is too much private sector debt in USA ( and in a lot of other places actually ) , and that ’s a bit of a “ problem ” .
There are two reasons why that ’s a problem right now ; first the borrowers are having difficulties keeping up with the payments ( that ’s called “ debt service ” ) , and second , the collateral that was accepted by the lenders as security ( in case … ” horror ” … the borrowers defaulted ) , turns out to be worth a lot less ( today ) , than the amount of money that was lent .
The net result is that the aggregate quality of private sector debt ; is a lot less than AAA , despite what the rating agencies would have everyone believe .
So there is a crisis .
But “ no - worries ” , lots of clever schemes are being hatched to make the debt disappear .
There are three ways that “ too much ” debt can be made to “ disappear ” :
( A ) : The people who borrowed can pay it back with interest ( that ’s the traditional approach ) .
(B) They can decide to NOT pay it back ( or more to the point not pay the interest ) ; in which case it disappears by virtue of the collateral getting sold and the balance on the sale being written - off .
Of course it is possible to magically not write it off for some time , which is what the “ Stress Tests ” were all about ; helping orchestrate that sort of delusional deception in the financial system in general , is one of the “ vital ” public services performed by FDIC and FASB .
( C ) : The government can step in like a fairy godmother and wave a magic wand creating money out of thin air making everyone whole again .
It can do that either by raising taxes ( very unpopular ) , by borrowing itself ( i.e. selling Treasuries which is moderately unpopular ) , or by having its agent , the Fed , print money ( moderately popular except for retirees and anyone on a fixed income ) .
There is currently a BIG Debate going on about how much of the outstanding debt “ should ” get dealt with via option ( A ) or ( B ) or ( C ) , and in the case of ( C ) how much “ should ” simply be printed , and how much “ should ” be borrowed .
Regardless of how that one plays out ( sadly , in reality there is often a big disconnect between what the rocket - scientist economists think “ should ” happen , and what actually happens ) , what ’s pretty clear at this particular juncture is that the level of indebtedness of the private sector is likely to go down to a point at which the traditional way of dealing with it ( Option ( A ) : Paying it back ( plus interest ) ) , becomes a realistic option for borrowers .
So “ where is the “ magic ” optimal line where the private sector as a whole can be reliably expected to service its debt ? ”
Well seeing as the ability of a borrower to pay back debt is typically a function of how much money he or she makes ( or in the case of a corporation “ it ” ) , perhaps the total amount of money that is “ made ” in USA ( like the nominal GDP for example ) , could be a good starting point for thinking about that ?
Now let ’s suppose , just for sake of argument , that private sector debt can bubble , just like anything else ( that ’s the area shaded in red ) .
The way you create that bubble is by “ financial engineering ” which is a magically complicated system of communal self delusion practiced by bankers and central bankers from time to time .
If debt can be a “ bubble ” then according to the “ Seven Immutable Laws of Bubbles ” there ought to be a “ fundamental ” around which the level of indebtedness oscillates over a long period of time ( that ’s the green line ) .
( http://seekingalpha.com/.. ) .
So how can we find out where the “ green - line ” is ?
Well there is ONE clue from the past 150 years or so in USA that can perhaps provide some “ guidance ” .
Theoretically ( also according to the Seven Immutable Laws ) , the “ fundamental ” can be determined by taking the square root of the peak of a past bubble multiplied by the bottom of the trough that follows .
For the period 1920 to 1940 that put ’s the “ fundamental ” or optimal at about 134 % of GDP .
By that logic the level of private sector debt in USA which reached about 340 % of GDP , is now about 2.5 times the “ optimal ” , so according to the Seven Immutable Laws of Bubbles , at some point in the future it will go down , as night - follows day , to 134 % divided by 2.5 = 53 % or thereabouts .
That ’s because at some point all of what the “ Austrians ” call the “ malinvestments ” ( funded by foolish debt ) , need to be washed out of the system .
Or putting that another way , that ’s because ( also according to the Seven Immutable Laws ) , what goes up comes down and typically the period of time “ down ” ( that ’s the area shaded in blue ) , is roughly equal to the preceding period of time “ up ” .
That ’s another clue , notice how the period of “ up ” ( above the green - line ) starting in 1920 and ending in 1942 or so , is about equal to the period of “ down ” that followed .
Using that logic , if nominal GDP grows by 4 % over the next fifteen years , it ’s likely private sector debt will go down to somewhere in the vicinity of $ 15 trillion ( currently its $ 50 trillion ) .
Or putting that another way , the economy will need to grow in nominal terms ( inflation plus real ) , at a rate of 13.4 % a year ( could 134 be a magic number ? ) , for that debt to be serviced .
Me-thinks it will take a lot of helicopters to achieve that .
There is one caveat , which is that interest rates ( short and long ) are ( a bit ) lower than they were in 1930 / 1940 so the debt service will be less ( the straight green line ought to go up and down with interest rates ) .
So if interest rates are kept low for the next fifteen years ( a good way to do that would be to constrain nominal GDP growth so that long - term yields stay down ) , perhaps total private sector debt might go down to say 100 % of GDP .
Regardless of where the bottom is , either way that ’s a long drop .
There are signs that private sector debt has turned the corner and is starting to head down ( regardless of the efforts of FDIC and FASB to hide that from the public – in case they panic ) ; perhaps it ’s time to start to …Err…panic ?
What about public sector debt ?
Again , taking the precedent of ONE event in the past ( admittedly not a particularly reliable way of predicting the future but better than NONE ) , what ’s going to happen over the next fifteen years , is that public sector debt is going to go up to about 130 % of GDP .
That ’s as the government and its agent tries to “ manage ” things , and the well - connected get bailed out .
So if nominal GDP grows by 4 % a year , public sector debt will go up to $ 33 trillion , and if it grows at the “ magical ” 13.4 % , it will be $ 124 trillion .
Nonsense ?
This type of analysis is not exactly main - stream and it ’s only “ lunatics ” like George Soros and Marc Faber who think that bubbles have a dynamic which is predictable .
On the other hand , the track record of using this approach to anticipate where the market for things that “ bubble ” will go next ; is , with a few exceptions , pretty good .
http://seekingalpha.com/..
What next ?
If debt is indeed a bubble like any other ; and bubbles ( once started ) are predictable , then it ’s likely that countries with a lot of private sector debt will grow rather slowly until the private - sector debt re-sets to a more manageable level .
In that case :
1 : Inflation in the affected countries will be modest , forget about the quantity theory of money that assumes “ velocity ” is constant ; recent events have proven conclusively that it is n’t .
The reality is there is an output gap , there are no pressures on wages , and although there is plenty of money around to lend , there are not many credit - worthy individuals or enterprises who want to pile on more debt ; rather the opposite .
The only thing that can possibly cause inflation is imports ; there is an easy solution for that , buy less imported goods .
2 : Treasury yields will be constrained , regardless of how much the government borrows .
That ’s simply because demand for good quality debt ( by pension funds and insurance companies ) will be ( much ) more than supply ; it ’s worth remembering that the main driver for securitization which was creating $ 2 trillion of new debt in its heyday ; was an insatiable demand for AAA debt .
Even if you take out the arbitrage business , the demand is still there , just there is n’t any supply
3 : Companies that are currently under - leveraged ; will do better than ones that are leveraged ; equity will rule , and return on equity demanded by anyone who has some will go up , simply because the option of gearing will be less .
Equity – like real money , will command a premium , I remember the time when the “ stars ” of any project were the guys who could bring in the debt … no more .
4 : Cap rates on commercial real estate will stay low ( yields will be high ) , that ’s a double - whammy because revenues will stay low .
But it will be a while before there are bargains , because FDIC is allowing banks to “ extend and pretend ” , and it looks like they will be doing that for some time .
So what “ should ” the government do ?
Personally I ’m never very interested in what other people “ should ” do , I ’m much more interested in figuring out what they will do ( not the same thing at all ) , but I have a few remarks .
First of all I suspect that the $ 1..25 trillion that the Fed spent buying toxic garbage will end up costing them easily $ 500 billion ( but that ’s OK they can just print money to cover the loss ) .
I suspect that very little of the $ 1 trillion that ’s getting directed at Fannie and Freddie will come back , and in my opinion the practice of lending money to banks at 0 % so they can buy 10 - Year Treasuries at 3.5 % or whatever , is a criminal misuse of public funds and the perpetrators of that scam should be put on trial and sent to prison .
With regard to the Financial Reforms crafted by Tim Geither & Co , well talk about the Maginot Line re-visited .
It ’s all about being able to “ fire - fight ” the next time that the moronic banks manage to orchestrate a bubble .
Well here ’s some news , there was a bubble , it burst , the reality now is “ post - bubble ” , and all of that garbage needs to be washed away before there can be another one .
One thing that the government or the regulators or whoever can do which would be a positive step would be to clean up the securitization business which they have assiduously avoided even looking at ( I suspect that may have something to do with the fact that they do n’t understand it ) .
Right now there is almost no securitized debt being produced , even covered bonds ( the safer German / French variety that have stood the test of time for over a hundred years ) are hardly moving .
The reason for that is because there is no transparency , the buyers were not and are still not provided with the necessary general and specific information that they need to price or value those instruments .
Previously the idea was that the buyers could rely on the ratings , well that has been demonstrated quite conclusively to be moronically stupid .
But there has been no change in the system ; what you need to value securitized debt is line by line loan data , all of it , and not just of the security you are valuing , you need line by line historical data of every loan issued by the entity that is pooling its loans into the security .
That ’s a lot of data , but these days they have computers , all that ’s needed is ( a ) to specify a standard format ( b ) to legislate that anyone who wants to put loans into a pool , is obliged , under the law , to pass across the data , preferably post it ( with names and addresses deleted ) , on the Internet .
That ’s no different in principle from the disclosure principles that already exist for listed shares on a stock market – just it ’s a different type of data .
Do that and the landing will be softer , but it will still be a hard landing .
Regardless , throwing money at insolvent enterprises to “ ease the pain ” is just a waste of money , what ’s inevitable , is inevitable , like King Canute ’s tide .
By Andrew Butter
Twenty years doing market analysis and valuations for investors in the Middle East , USA , and Europe ; currently writing a book about BubbleOmics .
Andrew Butter is managing partner of ABMC , an investment advisory firm , based in Dubai ( hbutter@eim.ae ) , that he setup in 1999 , and is has been involved advising on large scale real estate investments , mainly in Dubai .
© 2010 Copyright Andrew Butter - All Rights Reserved
Disclaimer :
The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice .
Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilising methods believed to be reliable , but we cannot accept responsibility for any losses you may incur as a result of this analysis .
Individuals should consult with their personal financial advisors .
Andrew Butter Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
Ilyan Thomas
28 Jun 10 , 03:30 Private Debt - Tax it
I read this about private debt on on Market Oracle , I have probably previously proposed a Progressive Tax on Wealth as a correction for the misuse of Keynes .
Sound Tories could advocate that on a suffivient scale to restore the " Family Silver " and clear the National Debt .
That would avoid the ' internal contradiction in Capitalism ' .
These ridiculous level of interest rates in an inflation economy needs another tax .
A Tax on all debt .
At say twice the rate of inflation .
There is another tax that could be introduced to overcome the internal contradiction in Marx - A tax on Children .
It is rather late to avoid Mass Extinction by introducing those Taxes .
How is it possible for the Stock Market to rise with such a bleak outlook ?
In one scam , Sussex Police said he was able to access the email account and the password of everyone that had bought an item using BT Openzone , which enables people to access the internet wirelessly .
In nature , random signals often fall mysteriously in step .
Fireflies flashing sporadically in early evening soon flash together , and the same harmonic behavior can be seen in chirping crickets , firing neurons , swinging clock pendulums and now , it turns out , rupturing earthquake faults .
Scientists have well established that big earthquakes can trigger other big quakes by transferring stress along a single fault , as successive earthquakes in Turkey and Indonesia have shown .
But some powerful quakes can set off other big quakes on faults tens of kilometers away , with just a tiny nudge , says a new paper .
Christopher Scholz , a seismologist at Columbia University 's Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory , explains how : the faults are already synchronized , he says .
Scholz argues in the most recent issue of the Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America that when a fault breaks , it may sometimes gently prod a neighboring fault also on the verge of fracturing .
The paper finds evidence for synchronized , or " phase locked , " faults in southern California 's Mojave Desert , the mountains of central Nevada , and the south of Iceland .
Drawing on earthquake patterns as far back as 15,000 years , the paper identifies strings of related earthquakes , and explains the physics of how faults separated by up to 50 kilometers , and rupturing every few thousand years , might align themselves to rupture almost simultaneously .
A magnitude 7.3 quake in Landers , Calif. , in 1992 killed one person .
( Photo Credit : Southern California Earthquake Data Center . )
" All of a sudden bang , bang , bang , a whole bunch of faults break at the same time , " says Scholz .
" Now that we know that some faults may act in consort , our basic concept of seismic hazard changes .
When a large earthquake happens , it may no longer mean that the immediate future risk is lower , but higher . "
The idea of independent events synchronizing themselves goes back to the Age of Discovery and the pendulum clock , invented as scientists and navigators were searching for a device to measure longitude at sea .
In 1665 , Christiaan Huygens , the Dutch mathematician who invented the pendulum clock ( a dead end , it turned out , in solving the longitude problem ) first described how the pendulums of two clocks hanging from the same wall became synchronized .
Known as entrainment , or coupled oscillation , this phenomenon is caused by the motion of the two pendulums communicating through the beam supporting the clocks .
Entrainment can also happen when faults lie relatively close , between 10 and 50 kilometers apart , and are moving at comparable speeds , Scholz says .
As faults break successively over time , their cycles may eventually fall in sync , a process described in the paper by the mathematical " Kuramoto Model . "
The paper provides real - world examples from places where geologists and seismologists have compiled a long record of past quakes .
In the Mojave Desert , the Camp Rock fault , a secondary fault off the San Andreas , ruptured in 1992 , causing a magnitude 7.3 quake in the town of Landers , killing one child .
Seven years later , the Pisgah fault , 24 kilometers away , broke , causing a magnitude 7.1 quake at Hector Mine , inside the Twentynine Palms Marine Corps Base .
When a fault ruptures in a large earthquake , the movement releases stresses that may have built up over millennia .
But the movement also transfers a small amount of that stress , usually a fraction of a percent , to nearby faults .
In order for that tiny added stress to trigger a large earthquake on a nearby fault , that fault had to already be very near its breaking point , says Scholz .
For the two faults to have been simultaneously near their breaking points requires them to be synchronized in their seismic cycles .
Paleoseismology — that is , studies of the physical signs left by past earthquakes -- show that the Mojave faults rupture every 5,000 years or so , so the relatively short seven - year lag between the Landers and Hector Mine quakes suggested to Scholz the timing could not be random .
When he looked at the paleoseismological record , he saw that both faults had ruptured together before , at about 5,500 years ago and 10,000 years ago .
He noticed a similar trend with the nearby Lenwood and Helendale faults , which had ruptured together 1,000 years ago and 9,000 years ago .
And , the two fault pairs happened to be moving at virtually the same pace , 1 millimeter and .8 millimeter , respectively .
He noticed a similar trend in Nevada .
In the summer of 1954 , the Rainbow Mountain fault system was hit by five earthquakes ranging in magnitude from 5.5 to 6.8 .
The action culminated on Dec. 16 with a 7.1 quake on Fairview Peak and a 6.8 quake four minutes later on the Dixie Valley fault , 40 kilometers away .
Again , the triggering stress was a small fraction of a percent .
Paleoseismic evidence showed that similar groups of faults nearby had produced clusters of earthquakes every 3,000 years or so over the last 12,000 years .
The same pattern emerged in Iceland .
In June 2000 , two quakes -- magnitudes 6.5 and 6.4-- struck within four days of each other on parallel faults 14 kilometers apart .
In 1896 , five large quakes struck on different neighboring faults within 11 days of each other , with similar clusters occurring in 1784 , and from 1732 to 1734 .
Scholz says his hypothesis of synchronized faults could make it easier to assess some earthquake hazards by showing that faults moving at similar speeds , and within roughly 50 kilometers of each other , may break at similar times , while faults moving at greatly different speeds , and located relatively far apart , will not .
However , seismologists have yet to come up with a reliable method for predicting imminent earthquakes ; the best they can do so far is to identify dangerous areas , and roughly estimate how often quakes of certain sizes may strike .
Ross Stein , a geophysicist at the U.S. Geological Survey , who was not involved in the study , questioned the paper 's wider significance .
There is " good " evidence for historic earthquake sequences , and " possible " evidence for prehistoric sequences , he said , but those quakes make up a minority of earthquake events .
The Landers quake may have triggered another big quake , seven years later , at Hector Mine near Joshua Tree National Park .
( Photo Credit : University of California , San Diego . )
Source : The Earth Institute at Columbia University
Add to Your books
An edition of this book was published by Penguin Australia .
» Publisher information page
An edition of this book was published by University of California Press .
» Publisher information page
An edition of this book was published by Recorded Books .
» Publisher information page
Es posible que ya sepa que Instagram es un canal en crecimiento que permite a los individuos y a las empresas por igual expandir su marca .
Especialmente para las empresas , …
For a lot of people , the Vans Warped Tour is a mixed bag .
Though the idea of putting on an all - day rock music event at Cricket Wireless Pavilion sounds like a good time , there are a lot of different things that can put a damper on people 's good times .
The most obvious of which is the heat .
But there are also the high prices for food and beverages , long lines for bathrooms , and , of course , douchebags .
But that does n't mean there are n't steps you can take to ensure that you have a good time at Warped Tour .
After all , we do n't get too many of this type of event in Phoenix , so we have to make the best of it when we do .
Here are a few tips to help you beat the heat and avoid other Warped Tour related annoyances .
Stay hydrated :
The thing to remember about the Warped Tour is that it 's not so much an all - day music event as it is an endurance test .
But one of the keys to passing this particular endurance test is making sure you stay hydrated .
Keep in mind that staying hydrated does n't just mean drinking Red Bulls and Monsters or whatever gross energy drinks kids are drinking these days .
Drink lots of water and drink it often .
And if you 're of drinking age , make sure you throw in an occasional bottle of water between beers .
Speaking of beer , that leads us to our next tip .
Pace yourself :
Hey , we 're all here to have a good time with some friends and listen to some good music , right ?
What better way to have a good time than watching your favorite band and kicking back a few cold ones .
While that all sounds good in theory , just make sure that you are pacing yourself when it comes to the alcohol and you do n't go overboard .
You do n't want to be that guy or girl who gets so shitfaced two hours into the show that you become such a drunken , puking mess that your friends have to drag you home before they get to see their favorite band .
Your friends will thank you for this , fellow concert goers will thank you for this , and it'll save you a hangover in the morning .
Dress lightly :
It 's summer , it 's Arizona , and it 's going to be hot .
The easiest way to beat the heat is wear light clothing .
Though some people , usually young women , do n't seem to have a problem showing up in as little clothing as is legally allowed , there is always somebody whom you see wandering around that makes you shake your head in disbelief .
Sure , everyone applauds you for being " hardcore " and showing up in black pants , black shirt , black boots , and a black trench coat , but there is nothing hardcore about being carried away by EMTs because you passed out from heat exhaustion .
Be prepared :
If you 've already got tickets to Warped Tour , chances are you have an idea of a band or bands you want to see .
Still , if you have n't , it may be worth checking out the Warped Tour 's website for a full list of bands , just in case there is anyone there you were n't already aware of .
Also , being that the set times for bands change on a regular basis , it 's always a good idea to get to the venue early and check set times .
Stay in good spirits : Everybody is at the Warped Tour for the same reason : to have a good time .
Still , that does n't mean that things can't get frustrating -- and the heat does n't really help the situation .
But as long as you stay patient and keep a positive attitude , it will go a long way to making sure you and everyone around you has a good time .
Follow us on Twitter and friend us on Facebook
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Actor Kevin Costner told Congress that his company has developed a high - tech machine for separating oil and water that could slurp up as much as 200 gallons of oil every minute from the massive spill in the Gulf .
BP has already tested the technology and put ten machines to use in the water .
Sounds great !
How does it work ?
The company , Oil Therapy Solutions , explains the mechanics of the machine on its website .
If you want to read the description verbatim , it ’s at the end of the article . *
Greg Lowry , an associate professor of civil and environmental engineering at Carnegie Mellon University , helped me translate the jargon into simpler English .
“ It ’s basically a centrifuge , ” Lowry says , a machine that spins rapidly to separate fluids using centrifugal ( well , technically centripetal ) force .
Think about a washing machine in spin cycle .
If you open it up , you ’ll see the wet clothes flung against the side of the washer .
That ’s the same force Costner ’s machine employs .
It spins the oily water , flinging the denser liquid , water , away from the lighter liquid , oil ( which you know is lighter since you ’ve seen the picture of it floating on top of the Gulf ) .
It ’s the same technology beer companies use to spin the solid yeast particles of out their brew .
Oil - water separation devices exist , Lowry says , but many of them use holding ponds to drain the liquids .
The centrifuge is the new part of this solution , but from what he can tell , “ it ’s not exotic at all . ”
One challenge for the centrifuge in the Gulf is that the chemicals BP used to disperse the oil under water might complicate the cleaning .
” Think about it , ” Lowry says .
“ You ’re operating on phase [ liquid ] separation .
You want one phase to move in one direction and the other phase in another .
If small droplets are stuck in the water they might move with the water .
So those tiny droplets could hurt the efficiency of this process . ”
In his testimony in front of the House Energy and Environment subcommittee , Costner requested Congress to mandate the purchase of these oil vacuums for every oil company as “ insurance ” against the likelihood they might spill crude into the sea—kind of like a life vest for oil clean - ups .
Now that BP has employed at least ten of his most powerful centrifuges , we ’ll see if Costner ’s investment pays off .
* OTS describes the oil vacuum : “ Two mixed liquid phases , such as water and oil , are drawn into the annulus between the contacter body and the rotar .
Liquids gravitate downward in the annulus where rotational liquid motion is slowed by radial vanes in the bottom plate .
After entering a hole at the base of the rotar , the liquid phases are then centrifugally separated into a duel vortex because of the density difference between the two fluids .
In the case of water and oil , because of the density difference , heavier water exits the rotar from a hole at the top of the unit , while the lighter oil is recovered near the central shaft . ”
This post was produced by The Atlantic as part of the Climate Desk collaboration .
Der isländische Eyjafjalla - Vulkan zwingt den Flugverkehr in weiten Teilen Europas in die Knie .
Nach und nach werden alle Starts und Landungen in den skandinavischen Ländern und in Großbritannien einschließlich aller Londoner Flughäfen abgesagt .
Unklarheit herrscht über die Folgen für den deutschen Luftraum .
Anfangs waren die Eruptionen nicht so stark wie befürchtet , viele Touristen schauten sich das Spektakel an .
Dieser Mann in Belfast übt sich in Geduld .
In Oslo bleiben die Maschinen am Boden .
Am Flughafen in London ging nichts mehr .
Es gibt auch eine gute Nachricht : Der isländische Vulkan stößt weniger gefährliche Stoffe in die Atmosphäre und hat an Kraft verloren .
Der Flughafen in Frankfurt am Main war voller Reisender , die nicht weg konnten .
Anzeige
Die Aschewolke eines isländischen Vulkans wird den Luftverkehr im Nordwesten Deutschlands sowie in den Benelux - Ländern am Donnerstagnachmittag voraussichtlich stark behindern .
Die Störungen würden ab 16.00
Uhr erwartet , teilte das regionale Kontrollzentrum Eurocontrol im niederländischen Maastricht mit , das für diese Region zuständig ist .
Eine Schließung von Lufträumen sei nicht vorgesehen , sagte eine Sprecherin .
„ Es liegt allerdings bei den Fluggesellschaften zu entscheiden , ob sie Flüge annulieren oder nicht “ , sagte sie .
„ Wir haben sie über die Gefahren einer solchen Wolke informiert . “
Zuvor hatte Eurocontrol die Schließung von Teilen des deutschen Luftraums angekündigt .
Von 14
Uhr an beginne die Schließung über Belgien und den Niederlanden sowie über Teilen Deutschlands , sagte eine Behördensprecherin .
Eurocontrol kontrolliert Flüge über Belgien , die Niederlande , Luxemburg und ein Segment im Nordwesten Deutschlands .
Anzeige
„ Der deutsche Luftraum ist derzeit unbeeinträchtigt “ , sagte Sprecherin Ute Otterbein in Langen bei Frankfurt .
Es werde am Nachmittag aber weitere Besprechungen geben .
Von der Deutschen Lufthansa verlautete , dass bisher keine Angaben zu Sperrungen des deutschen Luftraums vorliegen .
Möglicherweise beträfen die Angaben von Eurocontrol nur kleine Teile Deutschlands , wovon Lufthansa nicht betroffen sei , sagte Sprecher Thomas Jachnow am Mittag .
Die Lufthansa hatte Flüge nach Großbritannien und Skandinavien wegen dortiger Sperrungen gestrichen .
Am Flughafen Düsseldorf waren bis zum Mittag 44 Flüge ausgefallen in Köln - Bonn neun .
Bei anderen Flughäfen fielen vereinzelt Verbindungen aus .
Von einer Sperrung des Luftraumes war bei den Flughäfen in Hamburg , Kiel und Frankfurt am Main bis zum Mittag nichts bekannt .
Anzeige
Die deutsche Fluggesellschaft Air Berlin hat bisher nur wenige Flüge streichen müssen .
Abgesagt wurden alle Flüge nach London , weil der dortige Flughafen gesperrt wurde , sagte eine Sprecherin von Air Berlin .
Das betreffe aber andere deutsche Standorte als Berlin , weil es von hier keinen Direktflug in die britische Hauptstadt gebe .
In Berlin selbst sei bis 12.30 Uhr nur der Flug nach Oslo und zurück gestrichen worden , weil Norwegen seinen Luftraum auf Island geschlossen habe .
Der größte deutsche Flughafen in Frankfurt wird voraussichtlich als einer der Ausweichflughäfen nach Schließung des Londoner Großflughafens Heathrow genutzt .
Dies sagte der Sprecher des Flughafenbetreibers Fraport , Thomas Uber .
Welche Airlines dann Frankfurt ansteuern würden , stehe noch nicht fest .
Am Vormittag waren am Frankfurter Flughafen 29 Flüge ausgefallen , weil der Luftraum in Teilen Großbritanniens und Skandinaviens wegen des Ausbruchs eines Vulkans auf Island gesperrt worden war .
Betroffen waren Flüge nach Oslo , Stavanger , London , Dublin und Manchester .
Anzeige
Dänemark schloss seinen Luftraum .
Wie die Flugaufsicht in Kopenhagen mitteilte , sollen ab 18.00 Uhr alle Starts und Landung von dänischen Flughäfen untersagt werden .
Am Flughafen Charles de Gaulles in Paris wurden alle Flüge nach Island , Großbritannien , Schweden , Dänemark und Norwegen gestrichen , wie der Flughafenbetreiber mitteilte .
Der isländische Vulkan unter dem Eyjafjalla - Gletscher hatte zuvor riesige Mengen Asche in die Luft ausgestoßen .
Von 12.00 bis mindestens 18.00 Uhr ( 19.00 Uhr ) dürften keine Maschinen mehr über Großbritannien fliegen , teilte die britische Flugüberwachung NATS auf ihrer Webseite mit .
Ausnahmen gebe es nur in Notfällen .
Alle Londoner Flughäfen wurden am Mittag geschlossen , darunter Heathrow , einer der wichtigsten Flughäfen der Welt und ein internationales Drehkreuz .
Schon am Morgen hatten alle Flughäfen in Schottland dicht gemacht , zahlreiche Flüge an anderen Airports fielen aus .
Der Billigflieger Ryanair strich von neun
Uhr morgens an alle Flüge von und nach Großbritannien .
Auch in den kommenden Tagen könnte es Behinderungen geben , hieß es .
Die Asche sei ein „ erhebliches Sicherheitsrisiko “ für die Maschinen , teilte die NATS mit .
Meteorologen glauben , dass sich die Asche erst in ein paar Tagen auflösen könnte .
Der Gletschervulkan Eyjafjalla war am Vortag ausgebrochen .
Die Asche kann Düsentriebwerke beschädigen .
Über die mögliche Dauer dieser Probleme sagte die Sprecherin der isländischen Luftfahrtbehörde ISAVIA , Hjördis Gudmundsdóttir , in Reykjavik : „ Das wissen nur die Wettergötter .
Es kann ein paar Tage dauern , aber auch ein paar Jahre . “
Sie erklärte weiter , dass der Wind genau wie am Mittwoch die Lavaasche in östlicher Richtung auf den europäischen Kontinent zutreibt .
Wegen dieser Windrichtung kann der internationale Flugverkehr von und nach Island über den Flughafen Keflavik weiter ohne Probleme abgewickelt werden .
From the beginning , though , Irisl has sought to outmaneuver its pursuers .
Just days after the United Nations enacted the 2008 inspection provision , for instance , an Irisl cargo ship bound for Turkey suddenly made a high - speed , high - seas dash up the Mediterranean to the port of Latakia , Syria .
The chase came after a NATO ship , which had been tipped off that the vessel might be carrying weapons , questioned its cargo , according to an account by government officials of the episode , which was previously unreported .
Next , Iran began using chartered ships from other countries , ones less likely to raise red flags .
But that tactic ultimately backfired when the non-Iranian crews cooperated with requests to inspect the cargo .
In three boardings , two by the United States Navy and one by Israeli commandos , authorities said they had discovered a virtual arms bazaar , including thousands of Katyusha rockets , grenades and mortar shells , believed to be intended for Hezbollah .
New Flags and Names
By the time the United States placed Irisl ’s fleet on its sanctions list , in the fall of 2008 , the company had already begun its corporate camouflage .
The first step , records show , was to replace the ships ’
Iranian flags , primarily with those of Germany , Hong Kong and Malta .
Over time , almost all got new , innocuous - sounding English names , like the Bluebell and the Angel .
One simply became the Alias .
Then , with the sanctions in place , three new Iranian companies suddenly appeared on the scene : Hafiz Darya Shipping Lines , Sapid Shipping and Soroush Sarzamin Asatir .
In January 2009 , it was announced that Hafiz Darya had taken over Irisl ’s container ship business in what the shipping trade media reported as a murky deal .
Irisl officials , while providing no financial or other details of the deal , insisted that Hafiz Darya was an independent entity , and that the move had been part of a larger government privatization effort .
Virtually overnight , Hafiz Darya took Irisl ’s spot as the world ’s 23rd largest container shipper , while Irisl disappeared from the top 100 .
Sapid , for its part , took over the operation of 39 blacklisted bulk carrier and general cargo ships , records show .
In paperwork they filed with IHS Fairplay , the ship - tracking group , Hafiz Darya and Sapid listed separate addresses in Tehran .
Visits to both places yielded no sign of them , though the address provided by Hafiz Darya was home to the “ Irisl Club ”  a closed - off compound of gardens , reception halls and restaurants for Irisl company use .
However , both Hafiz Darya and Sapid were discovered to be working out of the third floor of Irisl ’s Aseman Tower headquarters in uptown Tehran .
The address provided by Soroush , which manages the ships that Sapid now operates , turned out to be the Irisl Maritime Institute , also in Tehran .
JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley are expected to lead General Motor 's $ 10 billion IPO , according to reports .
NEW YORK (
The Street
) --
General Motors '
( GM ) - Get Report
coveted IPO will likely be assigned to
JPMorgan Chase
( JPM ) - Get Report
and
Morgan Stanley
( MS ) - Get Report
in the lead underwriting slots , according to several reports .
The IPO date , originally set for July 10 , has been delayed until at least the fourth quarter , Treasury Department officials said earlier this week .
The stock offering is expected to raise as much as $ 10 billion .
Still , the underwriting job is n't likely to be a lucrative one .
Citing an anonymous source ,
The Wall Street Journal
reported Friday that the banks garnering the assignment could make as little as 1 % total on the deal , a relatively small cut .
The U.S. Treasury , which owns about 61 % of General Motors as a result of the bailout , had recently said that it would mandate the fees paid to the IPO 's underwriters .
-- Written by Jeanine Poggi in New York .
Follow TheStreet.com on
Twitter
and become a fan on
Facebook .
( Newser ) – Charles Schumer said today he 's trying to get the federal government to prohibit airlines from charging a fee for carry - on baggage , calling it a " slap in the face to travelers . "
The Democratic senator from New York is making a personal plea to the Treasury Department to rule that carry - on bags are a necessity for travel , which would make them exempt from a separate fee outside the ticket price .
" Airline passengers have always had the right to bring a carry - on bag without having to worry about getting nickeled and dimed by an airline company , " Schumer said .
" This latest fee is a slap in the face to travelers . "
The fee , however , is legal .
The first airline to try it , Spirit Airlines , announced last week it would charge up to $ 45 for a carry - on , but that it was also reducing the cost of most tickets by $ 40 .
( Read more Charles Schumer stories . )
Turning abundance into scarcity June 23 , 2010
Posted by Summerspeaker in Technocracy
Few things throw me into such abject despair as contemplating the the human response to digital plenty .
Demonstrating a profound love of freedom and appreciation for justice , the Obama administration recently announced a massive piracy crackdown .
It ’s enough to make me fire up the old uTorrent and rob somebody .
Restricting the distribution of abundance at gunpoint to further enrich the elite is a classic case of doing it wrong .
If it were n’t for this bullshit , every book ever published would be freely and easily accessible to anyone with an internet connection .
The arts and sciences would flourish as never before .
Instead a handful of corporation get a little more money and the state holds another excuse to harass people .
Without a revolution , I fear the species will react to the advent of molecular manufacturing with even greater repression .
Get the Recipe Real - Deal Kung Pao Chicken
Real Deal Kung Pao Chicken
Spicy , numbing , and no-holds barred : Kung Pao Chicken as it 's meant to be is right this way ! »
Before we begin this tutorial , a quick rant about woks vs. skillets :
[ rant ]
I 've read in some otherwise reputable sources that using a wok is not the ideal way to stir - fry .
Indeed that on a Western range , using a 12 - inch skillet is actually better .
I 've even seen charts showing how 12 - inch skillets get hotter , retain heat better , and have larger surface areas .
I 've seen how a wok does n't sit right on a flat range and how it was designed for a much larger flame .
All of this is absolutely true .
What I have n't seen in print is anyone saying anything about how the food actually tastes , and I 'm certain it 's because the same folks conducting the tests did n't actually know how to use a wok properly .
Fortunately , I 've conducted blind taste tests myself on identical dishes prepared in a skillet and in a wok on the same range , and I can tell you with absolute certainty that stir fries cooked in a well - seasoned wok taste better than those cooked in a 12 - inch skillet .
I know you expect some kind of scientific answer for this , and I myself am annoyed that I can't prove why it should be so .
Perhaps it 's the seasoning in the pan that gives it that extra smokiness known as wok - hai .
Perhaps it 's the way the food flips up over the lip of the wok and gets a little direct hit from the flames .
It could be any number of reasons .
The important part is , if anyone ever tells you again that a wok has no place in a Western kitchen and as evidence offers only charts and graphs , tell them to put their money where their mouth is , throw out the charts , and taste the results side by side .
Additionally , I know about a billion Chinese people who'd disagree , and you know what ?
The vast majority of them are cooking on home ranges that are no more powerful than our own .
[ / rant ]
Phew !
With that out of the way , let 's move on to the basics of stir - frying .
Stir - frying is the quintessential weeknight supper .
It 's my go - to method when I have a fridge full of ingredients , and a half hour to put dinner on the table .
Because the actual cooking is so fast , it 's an ideal summer meal — no heating up the apartment with a hot oven or a long - simmering pot .
It 's also the ideal way to showcase all the beautiful spring and summer produce that 's around these days .
Vegetables retain their bright color and crunch — there 's no reason that stir - fries have to stick to traditional Chinese ingredients !
Asparagus , corn , summer squashes , string beans , peas , fava beans , all of them make for wonderful stir - fries .
The Components
The basic components of most stir fries are the same :
1. Oil Flavorings .
These ingredients include things like hot chiles and spices like Sichuan peppercorns .
.
These ingredients include things like hot chiles and spices like Sichuan peppercorns .
2 . Proteins .
In most Chinese dishes , either the protein or the vegetables are the star , and the other is used as a flavoring .
When the protein is the main element , it is usually marinated or brined before cooking in order to add flavor and moisture .
When used as a flavoring , it 's most often ground or finely chopped .
Proteins should be cut just large enough that they can develop a good sear without overcooking in the center .
Even sized - cutting leads to even cooking
.
In most Chinese dishes , either the protein or the vegetables are the star , and the other is used as a flavoring .
When the protein is the main element , it is usually marinated or brined before cooking in order to add flavor and moisture .
When used as a flavoring , it 's most often ground or finely chopped .
Proteins should be cut just large enough that they can develop a good sear without overcooking in the center .
Even sized - cutting leads to even cooking 3 . Vegetables .
Like proteins , vegetables should be cut into uniform pieces to promote even cooking .
Unless you are following a recipe that specifically calls for more vegetables , try to limit your vegetable selection to one or two carefully paired choices — otherwise you end up with what I call " food court syndrome " where there 's so much junk inside that it 's impossible to cook any one ingredient perfectly .
Avoid canned baby corn at all costs .
.
Like proteins , vegetables should be cut into uniform pieces to promote even cooking .
Unless you are following a recipe that specifically calls for more vegetables , try to limit your vegetable selection to one or two carefully paired choices — otherwise you end up with what I call " food court syndrome " where there 's so much junk inside that it 's impossible to cook any one ingredient perfectly .
Avoid canned baby corn at all costs .
4 . Additional ingredients .
These are kind of like the sprinkles on the ice cream cone — ingredients that do n't require you to cook them in the wok , but to simply stir in at the right time .
This is most often done with nuts like peanuts or cashews ( which must either be roasted or fried before you begin ) .
.
These are kind of like the sprinkles on the ice cream cone — ingredients that do n't require you to cook them in the wok , but to simply stir in at the right time .
This is most often done with nuts like peanuts or cashews ( which must either be roasted or fried before you begin ) .
5 . Aromatics .
Aromatics are ingredients that are chopped finely enough that they readily give up their flavor and distribute themselves evenly throughout the dish .
The most typical Chinese aromatics are garlic , ginger , and scallions , though it can include things like fresh chiles , lemongrass , herbs , or preserved and pickled vegetables .
.
Aromatics are ingredients that are chopped finely enough that they readily give up their flavor and distribute themselves evenly throughout the dish .
The most typical Chinese aromatics are garlic , ginger , and scallions , though it can include things like fresh chiles , lemongrass , herbs , or preserved and pickled vegetables .
6 . Sauce .
Often this will include things like broth , soy sauce , rice wine , vinegar , sugar , oyster sauce , or any number of prepared chili pastes , fermented bean pastes and the lot .
It is often thickened slightly with cornstarch or arrowroot .
The key is balance .
A great sauce will have punchy flavor without any one element dominating , be that sweetness , heat , saltiness , or acid .
Chinese - American food tends to be voluminous and thick — people around here like to have enough to put on their rice .
In most traditional dishes , the sauce is a little thinner , more strongly flavored , and there is just enough to coat the food .
That way , a meal is balanced between the bland rice , and the super - flavorful stir - fry .
.
Often this will include things like broth , soy sauce , rice wine , vinegar , sugar , oyster sauce , or any number of prepared chili pastes , fermented bean pastes and the lot .
It is often thickened slightly with cornstarch or arrowroot .
The key is balance .
A great sauce will have punchy flavor without any one element dominating , be that sweetness , heat , saltiness , or acid .
Chinese - American food tends to be voluminous and thick — people around here like to have enough to put on their rice .
In most traditional dishes , the sauce is a little thinner , more strongly flavored , and there is just enough to coat the food .
That way , a meal is balanced between the bland rice , and the super - flavorful stir - fry .
7 . Garnishes .
The final layer of flavor is added after the dish is removed from heat .
This can include ground toasted spices , thinly sliced vegetables , or herbs .
At a restaurant , a wok chef has two valves controlled by his knees .
One controls gas flow , while the other controls oxygen .
Together , they allow him to control the heat under the wok from a lighter - sized flame to an all - out , jet - engine - sized ring of fire .
Most cooking gets done under this extreme heat , which allows him to successively add ingredients to the wok without risking rapid temperature drop .
Try the same thing at home , and you 'll find yourself standing over a woeful wok-ful of pale , flaccid , steaming meat and vegetables .
To compensate for this , the key is to heat your wok until it is literally smoking hot , cook in batches , and allow your wok to reheat fully between each batch .
For a full breakdown of the stir - fry process , click through the slideshow at the top
Tips for Success
Stay organized .
With a quick multi-part cooking process like a stir - fry , organization is key .
Have all ingredients prepped in easy - to - reach - for bowls , and have all necessary utensils , bowls , and serving plates immediately on hand .
.
With a quick multi-part cooking process like a stir - fry , organization is key .
Have all ingredients prepped in easy - to - reach - for bowls , and have all necessary utensils , bowls , and serving plates immediately on hand .
Practice your knife skills .
.
The most important part of a stir - fry begins before you even pull out the wok .
Uniformly cut pieces of protein , vegetables , and aromatics will ensure even cooking .
Buy a good fan .
Good stir - fries require super high heat , and super high heat creates smoke .
There 's no way around it .
Open your windows , shut off your smoke alarm , and turn on all the fans before you begin cooking .
Alternatively , you can set your wok directly over a coal fire outdoors — it 's really the best way to stir - fry !
Continue here for Real Deal Kung Pao Chicken »
Get the Recipe Real - Deal Kung Pao Chicken View Recipe »
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
NASA Images Show Oil's Invasion Along Louisiana Coast
These images , acquired on May 24 , 2010 by the Multi-angle Imaging SpectroRadiometer ( MISR ) instrument aboard NASA 's Terra spacecraft , show the encroachment of oil from the former Deepwater Horizon rig into Louisiana 's wildlife habitats .
The source of the spill is located off the southeastern ( bottom right ) edge of the images .
Dark filaments of oil are seen approaching the shores of Blind Bay and Redfish Bay at the eastern edge of the Mississippi River delta , and also nearing Garden Island Bay and East Bay farther to the south .
These areas are home to many varieties of fish .
To the north , the arc - shaped pattern of land and runoff is associated with the Chandeleur Islands , which are part of the Breton National Wildlife Refuge .
This refuge is the second oldest in the United States and is a habitat for dozens of seabird , shorebird and waterfowl species .
Oil is reported to have reached the islands on May 6 .
Eighteen days later , this image shows filaments of oil crossing the island barrier -- which had been heavily eroded by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 -- and entering the Breton and Chandeleur Sounds .
The left - hand image contains data from MISR 's vertical - viewing camera .
It is shown in near - true color , except that data from the instrument 's near - infrared band , where vegetation appears bright , have been blended with the instrument 's green band to enhance the appearance of vegetation .
The Mississippi River delta is located below the image center .
The slick is seen approaching the delta from the lower right , and filaments of oil are also apparent farther to the north ( towards the top ) .
The oil is made visible by sun reflecting off the sea surface at the same angle from which the instrument is viewing it , a phenomenon known as sunglint .
Oil makes the surface look brighter under these viewing conditions than it would if no oil were present .
However , other factors can also cause enhanced glint , such as reduced surface wind speed .
To separate glint patterns due to oil from these other factors , additional information from MISR 's cameras is used in the right - hand image .
Previous MISR imagery of the spill shows that the contrast of the oil against the surroundings is enhanced by using a combination of vertical views and oblique - angle views .
The right - hand panel was constructed by combining data from several MISR channels .
In this false - color view , oil appears in shades of inky blue to black ; silt - laden water due to runoff from the Mississippi River shows up as orange , red and violet ; and land and clouds appear in shades of cyan .
The images cover an area measuring 110 by 119 kilometers ( 68 by 74 miles ) .
Alan Buis ( 818 ) 354-0474
Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
Alan.buis@jpl.nasa.gov
2010 - 188
Coffee Can Safe
Looks exactly like the real product .
Most burglars spend less than six minutes inside a victim 's home and only check the most obvious places for valuables .
These unique " safes " allow you to hide valuables in the last place a thief would think to look - inside common household products .
According to the Chicago Police , these units are better than a locked safe and a thousand times cheaper .
The brand of coffee may vary from the one pictured .
Manufacturer : Can Safes
THE Jefferson Parish Sheriff 's
Office says a man has been arrested for swimming in waters shut down because of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill .
WAFB - TV reported today that Grand Isle Police took 22 - year - old Jesus Mares , of College Station , Texas , into custody around 7.30 am ( local time ) after he was caught wading in the water just off the beach .
The state Department of Environmental Quality shut down the beach after it was declared hazardous and unsafe for swimming .
Authorities say because of contaminants on his body , Mares had to be taken to a decontamination unit on Grand Isle .
He was then booked with criminal trespassing and remaining after being forbidden .
Mares was later released on $ 200 bond .
Read more at the Miami Herald
Originally published as Jesus arrested for walking into oil slick
Cardiac Bypass , Angioplasty and Stenting
The following thirty nine medical studies compare invasive treatment with conservative treatment of coronary artery disease .
Invasive treatment with bypass surgery , stent or angioplasty is compared with conservative treatment with drugs .
These Thirty Nine Studies show that invasive treatment fails to reduce mortality or heart attacks , when compared to conservative medical treatment with drugs .
Brain Damage from Cardiac Bypass
Three studies in 1000 patients found that 50 % of patients having bypass surgery have brain damage with permanent loss of memory and mental function .
Economic Benefits Make it Popular
Invasive treatment with bypass and angioplasty may not be the best treatment , yet is more likely to be offered because of the economic benefits .
Limited Cases see Reduced Mortality with Cardiac Bypass
Coronary Bypass has been found to prolong life in the limited number of cases who have both left main coronary disease and reduced ejection fraction .
However , if Left Ventricular function is normal ( i.e. normal ejection fraction ) , then bypass does not affect over all mortality compared to medical treatment .
Left Image Cardiac Bypass courtesy of Wikimedia Commons
Recent Stent Era Trials
Acute MI is a special case
Stenting after thrombolysis for acute Myocardial Infarction found to reduce mortality :
Schiller 's study in Germany showed that immediate stenting after using clot busting drugs gave better mortality results when compared to delayed stenting .
Three more recent stent - era trials have shown favorable reduction in mortality with stenting .
However , this has not been consistently demonstrated .
However for multivessel coronary disease , no advantage over medical treatment seen with stenting .
Dr Richard Shemin writes in Circulation in 2008 , " Survival advantages of stent therapy for coronary artery disease over medical therapy have not been a consistent result in clinical trials . "
Compared to CABG , no advantage for stenting
A five year trial published in 2005 comparing stenting to CABG for multivessel disease shows no difference in mortality .
Medical Treatment for Heart Disease
Drugs used : Beta Blockers such as Inderal , calcium channel blockers include Cardizem , Procardia , and Norvasc .
Nitrates such as Isordil , Sorbitrate , Cardilate , Dilatrate , and Peritrate .
Nitroglycerine skin patches include Minitran , Nitro - Dur and Transderm - Nitro .
Diuretics and ACE inhibitors are used .
Why does medical therapy work ?
Medical therapy reduces the oxygen demand of the heart muscle and allows time for the heart to develop microscopic collateral vessels which provides blood flow around the blocked arteries .
Natural Thereapies to prevent and Reverse Heart Disease and For Related Content See :
Articles with Related Interest :
Reversing Heart Disease with DeToxMax Plus and Lipophos EDTA
Heart of the Matter , Maryanne Demasi , the Cholesterol Myth - Video Series
39 Reason to Avoid Stenting and Bypass
Choirboy Turns Disbeliever on Cholesterol Drugs
Vitamin E , Heart Disease and Tocotrienols
Calcium Tablets Cause Heart Disease
Familial Hypercholesterolemia
Saving Time Russert and George Carlin
Healthy Men Should Not Take Statin Drugs
Heart Disease Vitamin C and Linus Pauling
Getting Off Statin Drug Stories
How to Reverse Heart Disease with the Coronary Calcium Score ( part one )
Reversing Heart Disease Part Three
Cholesterol Lowering Drugs for the Elderly , Bad Idea
Cholesterol Lowering Statin Drugs for Women Just Say No
Thanks and credit for much of the information in this article is given to Howard H. Wayne , M.D .
Non-Q-wave Myocardial Infarction Following Thrombolytic Therapy
Percutaneous Transluminal Angioplasty Versus Medical Treatment For Non-Acute Coronary Heart Disease
An Invasive Strategy Reduced Death , Myocardial Infarction and Readmissions in Unstable Coronary Artery Disease
Intensive Medical Therapy Versus Coronary Angioplasty for Suppression of Myocardial Ischemia in Survivors of an Acute Myocardial Infarction
Outcome In Patients with Acute Non-Q Wave Myocardial Infarction Randomly Assigned to An Invasive As Compared with a Conservative Management Strategy
Twenty - two Year Follow - up in the VA Cooperative Study of Coronary artery bypass surgery for Stable Angina
A Prospective Randomized Trial of Triage Angiography in Acute Coronary Syndromes Ineligible for Trombolytic Therapy
Danish Multicenter Randomized Study of Invasive Versus Conservative Treatment In Patients With Inducible Ischemia After Thrombolysis In Acute Myocardial Infarction
Coronary Angioplasty Versus Medical Therapy For Angina
One Year Results of the Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction ( TIMI ) IIIB Clinical Trial
The Medicine , Angioplasty or Surgery Study ( MASS )
The TIMI IIIB Investigators
Two and Three Year Results of the Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction ( TIMI ) Phase II Clinical Trial
Randomized Trial of Late Angioplasty Versus Conservative Management For Patients with Residual Stenosis After Thrombolytic Treatment of Myocardial Infarction
A Comparison of Angioplasty With Medical Therapy in the Treatment of Single Vessel Coronary Artery Disease
SWIFT Trial of Delayed Elective Intervention v. Conservative Treatment After Thrombolysis With Anistreplase in Acute Myocardial Infarction
Comparison of Immediate Invasive , Delayed Invasive and Conservative Strategies After Tissue - Type Plasminogen Activator
Randomized Controlled Trial of Late In- Hospital Angiography and Angioplasty Versus Conservative Management After Treatment With Recombinant Tissue - Type Plasminogen Activator in Acute Myocardial Infarction
Comparison of Invasive and Conservative Strategies After Treatment With Intravenous Tissue Plasminogen Activator in Acute Myocardial Infarction
Thrombolysis With Tissue Plasminogen Activator in Acute Myocardial Infarction : No Additional Benefit From Immediate Percutaneous Coronary Angioplasty
Comparison of Medical and Surgical Treatment for Unstable Angina Pectoris
Racial Differences in the Use of Invasive Cardiac Procedures and 1 Year Clinical Outcomes for Non-Q-Wave Myocardial Infarction Patients Randomized to Invasive vs. Conservative Management
A Comparison of the Impact of Practice Patterns on Outcome of Patients With Acute Coronary Syndromes in the USA and Canada : Post Hoc Analysis of ESSENCE and TIMI IIB
Outcome Study of Two Large Populations With Different Rates of Cardiac Interventions
Piegas , IS , Flather , M , Pogue J. et al. for the OASIS Registry Investigators
Comparison of Medical Care and Survival of Hospitalized Patients with Acute Myocardial Infarction in Poland and the United States
Use of Coronary Angiography and Revascularization Procedures Following Acute Myocardial Infarction : A European perspective
Use of Cardiac Procedures and Outcomes in Elderly Patients with Myocardial Infarction in the United States and Canada
Variation in the Use of Cardiac Procedures After Acute Myocardial Infarction
A Comparison of Management Patterns After Acute Myocardial Infarction in Canada and in the United States
Differences in the Treatment of Myocardial Infarction in the United States and Canada .
A Comparison of Two University Hospitals
Comparison of Medical Care and One and 12 Month Mortality of Hospitalized patients with Acute Myocardial Infarction in Minneapolis - St. Paul , Minnesota , United States of America and Goteborg , Sweden
Longitudinal Assessment of Neurocognitive Function After Coronary Artery Bypass Surgery
Coronary Stenting or Percutaneous Transluminal Coronary Angioplasty Prior to Noncardiac Surgery Increases Adverse Events : The Evidence is Mounting
Catastrophic Outcomes of Noncardiac Surgery Soon After Coronary Stenting
Results of a Second - Opinion Trial Among Patients Recommended For Coronary Angiography
Two to Eight Year Survival Rates in Patients Who Refused Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting
Prognosis of Medically Treated Patients with Coronary Artery Disease With Profound ST - Segment Depression During Exercise Testing
Exercise Performance - Based Outcomes of Medically Treated Patients with Coronary Artery Disease and Profound ST Segment Depression
References
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB123146318996466585.html
Wall Street Journal Jan 2009
In 2006 , for example , according to data provided by the American Heart Association , 1.3 million coronary angioplasty procedures were performed at an average cost of $ 48,399 each , or more than $ 60 billion ; and 448,000 coronary bypass operations were performed at a cost of $ 99,743 each , or more than $ 44 billion .
In other words , Americans spent more than $ 100 billion in 2006 for these two procedures alone .
Despite these costs , a randomized controlled trial published in April 2007 in The New England Journal of Medicine found that angioplasties and stents do not prolong life or even prevent heart attacks in stable patients ( i.e. , 95 % of those who receive them ) .
Coronary bypass surgery prolongs life in less than 3 % of patients who receive it .
So , Medicare and other insurers and individuals pay billions for surgical procedures like angioplasty and bypass surgery that are usually dangerous , invasive , expensive and largely ineffective .
Yet they pay very little -- if any money at all -- for integrative medicine approaches that have been proven to reverse and prevent most chronic diseases that account for at least 75 % of health - care costs .
The INTERHEART study , published in September 2004 in The Lancet , followed 30,000 men and women on six continents and found that changing lifestyle could prevent at least 90 % of all heart disease .
http://www.drmcdougall.com/misc/2007nl/apr/fav5.htm
Angioplasty Fails Again and Again ( 8 out of 8 times )
Optimal Medical Therapy with or without PCI for Stable Coronary Disease by William Boden in the April 12 , 2007 issue of the New England Journal of Medicine found after studying 2287 patients , “ As an initial management strategy in patients with stable coronary artery disease , PCI ( angioplasty ) did not reduce the risk of death , myocardial infarction ,
or other major cardiovascular events when added to optimal medical therapy . ”
1
In 2004 , more than 1 million coronary stent procedures were performed in the United States , and recent registry data indicate that approximately 85 % of all PCI procedures are undertaken electively in patients with stable coronary artery disease .
1 ) http://content.nejm.org/cgi/content/short/NEJMoa070829
Boden WE , et al .
Optimal medical therapy with or without PCI for stable coronary disease .
N Engl J Med. 2007 Apr 12;356(15 ) :1503 - 16 .
2 ) http://www.bmj.com/cgi/content/full/334/7596/0-a
Loder E. Curbing Medical Enthusiasm .
BMJ 2007 , April 7 ; 334 : doi:10.1136/bmj.39175.409132.3A
3 ) http://content.nejm.org/cgi/content/abstract/NEJMoa066139
Hochman JS , Coronary intervention for persistent occlusion after myocardial infarction .
N Engl J Med. 2006 Dec 7;355(23):2395-407 .
4 ) http://content.nejm.org/cgi/content/extract/356/15/1572
Hochman JS , Steg PG .
Does preventive PCI work ?
N Engl J Med. 2007 Apr 12;356(15 ) :1572-4 .
The study I am now writing about in this newsletter brings the total to 8 studies reported to date that show angioplasty fails to save lives — there are no others showing otherwise .
http://content.nejm.org/cgi/content/short/NEJMoa070829
Optimal Medical Therapy with or without PCI for Stable Coronary Disease William E. Boden , M.D. , the COURAGE Trial Research Group
Background
In patients with stable coronary artery disease , it remains unclear whether an initial management strategy of percutaneous coronary intervention ( PCI ) with intensive pharmacologic therapy and lifestyle intervention ( optimal medical therapy ) is superior to optimal medical therapy alone in reducing the risk of cardiovascular events .
Methods
We conducted a randomized trial involving 2287 patients who had objective evidence of myocardial ischemia and significant coronary artery disease at 50 U.S. and Canadian centers .
Between 1999 and 2004 , we assigned 1149 patients to undergo PCI with optimal medical therapy ( PCI group ) and 1138 to receive optimal medical therapy alone ( medical - therapy group ) .
The primary outcome was death from any cause and nonfatal myocardial infarction during a follow - up period of 2.5 to 7.0 years ( median , 4.6 ) .
Results
There were 211 primary events in the PCI group and 202 events in the medical - therapy group .
The 4.6 - year cumulative primary - event rates were 19.0 % in the PCI group and 18.5 % in the medical - therapy group ( hazard ratio for the PCI group , 1.05 ; 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] , 0.87 to 1.27 ; P=0.62 ) .
There were no significant differences between the PCI group and the medical - therapy group in the composite of death , myocardial infarction , and stroke ( 20.0 % vs. 19.5 % ; hazard ratio , 1.05 ; 95 % CI , 0.87 to 1.27 ; P=0.62 ) ; hospitalization for acute coronary syndrome ( 12.4 % vs. 11.8 % ; hazard ratio , 1.07 ; 95 % CI , 0.84 to 1.37 ; P=0.56 ) ; or myocardial infarction ( 13.2 % vs. 12.3 % ; hazard ratio , 1.13 ; 95 % CI , 0.89 to 1.43 ; P=0.33 ) .
Conclusions
As an initial management strategy in patients with stable coronary artery disease , PCI did not reduce the risk of death , myocardial infarction , or other major cardiovascular events when added to optimal medical therapy .
( ClinicalTrials.gov number ,
http://content.nejm.org/cgi/content/abstract/297/12/621
Treatment of chronic stable angina .
NEJM Volume 297:621-627 September 22 , 1977 Number 12 .
A preliminary report of survival data of the randomized Veterans Administration cooperative study ML Murphy , HN Hultgren , K Detre , J Thomsen , and T Takaro
We evaluated the effect of saphenous - vein - bypass grafting on survival in patients with chronic stable angina by comparing medical and surgical treatment in a large - scale , prospective randomized study .
Excluding patients with left - main - coronary - artery disease who have already been reported , a total of 596 patients were entered into this study ; when randomized into a medical group ( 310 patients ) and a surgical group ( 286 patients ) , entry clinical and angiographic base lines were comparable .
Operative mortality at 30 days was 5.6 per cent .
At an average of one year after operation , 69 per cent of all grafts were patent , and 88 per cent of the surgical patients had atleast one patent graft .
There was no statistically significant difference in survival , at a minimal follow - up interval of 21 months , between patients treated medically and those treated with saphenous - vein - bypass grafting .
At 36 months , 87 per cent of the medical group and 88 per cent of the surgical group were alive .
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/6608052?dopt=Abstract
NEJM 1984 Mar 22;310 ( 12) :750-8
Myocardial infarction and mortality in the coronary artery surgery study ( CASS ) randomized trial .
The long - term benefit of coronary bypass surgery in terms of longevity and prevention of major ischemic events in patients who have mild angina is not well defined .
The randomized Coronary Artery Surgery Study ( CASS ) was designed to evaluate this issue ; it consists of 780 patients who were considered operable and who had mild stable angina pectoris or who were free of angina after infarction .
As a result of the randomization process there were no significant differences in base - line variables between patients randomly assigned to medical and to surgical therapy .
The likelihood of death in the five - year period after randomization was only 8 per cent in the medical cohort , as compared with 5 per cent in the surgical cohort ( not significant ) .
The likelihood of nonfatal Q - wave myocardial infarction was 11 and 14 per cent , respectively ( not significant ) .
The five - year probability of remaining alive and free of infarction was 82 per cent in the patients assigned to medical therapy and 83 per cent in the patients assigned to surgery ( not significant ) .
There were no statistically significant differences in the survival rate or in the myocardial - infarction rate between subgroups of patients randomly assigned to medical and to surgical therapy when they were analyzed according to initial group assignment , number of diseased vessels , or ejection fraction .
Therefore , as compared with medical therapy , coronary bypass surgery appears neither to prolong life nor to prevent myocardial infarction in patients who have mild angina or who are asymptomatic after infarction in the five - year period after coronary angiography .
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/6128492?dopt=Abstract
Lancet 1982 Nov 27;2( 8309 ) :1173-80 .
Long - term results of prospective randomised study of coronary artery bypass surgery in stable angina pectoris .
European Coronary Surgery Study Group .
This report presents the final results ( follow - up 5 - - 8 years ) of a prospective study in 768 men aged under 65 with mild to moderate angina , 50 % or greater stenosis in at least two major coronary arteries , and good left ventricular function .
395 were randomised to coronary artery bypass surgery , 373 to no treatment ; 1 patient in the surgery group was lost to follow - up .
These original groups were compared , whatever subsequently happened to the patients .
Survival was improved significantly by surgery in the total population , in patients with three - vessel disease , and in patients with stenosis in the proximal third of the left anterior descending artery constituting a component of either two or three vessel disease , and non-significantly in patients with left main coronary disease .
An abnormal electrocardiogram at rest , ST - segment depression greater than or equal to 1.5 mm during exercise , peripheral arterial disease , and increasing age independently point to a better chance of survival with surgery .
In the absence of these prognostic variables in patients with either two or three vessel disease the outlook is so good that early surgery is unlikely to increase the prospect of survival .
In terms of anginal attacks , use of beta - adrenergic blockers and nitrates , and exercise performance the surgical group did significantly better than the medical group throughout the 5 years of follow - up , but the difference between the two treatments tended to decrease .
http://www.heartprotect.com/comparison-studies.shtml
COMPARISON OF INVASIVE VS .
NONINVASIVE THERAPIES AND RELATED STUDIES
http://content.nejm.org/cgi/content/abstract/297/12/621
Treatment of chronic stable angina .
A preliminary report of survival data of the randomized Veterans Administration cooperative study ML Murphy , HN Hultgren , K Detre , J Thomsen , and T Takaro Abstract
We evaluated the effect of saphenous - vein - bypass grafting on survival in patients with chronic stable angina by comparing medical and surgical treatment in a large - scale , prospective randomized study .
Excluding patients with left - main - coronary - artery disease who have already been reported , a total of 596 patients were entered into this study ; when randomized into a medical group ( 310 patients ) and a surgical group ( 286 patients ) , entry clinical and angiographic base lines were comparable .
Operative mortality at 30 days was 5.6 per cent .
At an average of one year after operation , 69 per cent of all grafts were patent , and 88 per cent of the surgical patients had atleast one patent graft .
There was no statistically significant difference in survival , at a minimal follow - up interval of 21 months , between patients treated medically and those treated with saphenous - vein - bypass grafting .
At 36 months , 87 per cent of the medical group and 88 per cent of the surgical group were alive .
Volume 297:621-627 September 22 , 1977 Number 12
http://www.heartprotect.com/comparison-studies.shtml
COMPARISON OF INVASIVE VS .
NONINVASIVE THERAPIES AND RELATED STUDIES
(1) http://content.nejm.org/cgi/content/abstract/338/25/1785
Non-Q-wave Myocardial Infarction Following Thrombolytic
Therapy : A Comparison of Outcomes in Patients Randomized to Invasive or Conservative Post - Infarct Assessment Strategies in the Veterans Affairs Non-Q-Wave Infarction Strategies In- Hospital ( VANQWISH ) Trial ..
Wexler , LF , Blaustein , AS , Philip W. Lavori , PW , et al. Journal of the American College of Cardiology .
; 2001 ; 37 : 19 - 25 . ( Circulation .
1998;97:444-450 . )
Overall event rates ( death or recurrent nonfatal heart attack ) were considerably more with invasive strategies than in patients with conservative treatment following thrombolytic therapy .
Mortality rate in patients managed conservatively is low ( 3.5 % ) , and routine invasive management was associated with an increased risk of death .
(2) http://www.pubmedcentral.nih.gov/articlerender.fcgi?artid=27425
BMJ. 2000 July 8 ; 321(7253 ) : 73–77 .
Percutaneous Transluminal Angioplasty Versus Medical Treatment For Non-Acute Coronary Heart Disease .
The procedure may lead to an increase in coronary bypass grafting compared with medical treatment and is unlikely to reduce non-fatal myocardial infarction , death , or repeated angioplasty .
(3 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10892758
An Invasive Strategy Reduced Death , Myocardial Infarction and Readmissions in Unstable Coronary Artery Disease .
Wallentin L , Lagerqvist B , Husted E , et al. , for the FRISC II Investigators .
Lancet .
2000 ; 356 : 9 - 16 .
2,457 patients from 58 Scandinavian centers who had unstable symptomatic coronary artery disease were divided into 2 groups .
Group 1 consisted of 1222 patients who underwent an invasive strategy were compared to 1235 patients ( Group 2 ) who were treated noninvasively .
The mortality rate at the end of one year was 2.2 % in the invasive group compared to 3.9 % in the noninvasively treated group .
The 1.7 % difference between the 2 groups calculates out to 60 patients who would have to undergo an invasive form of treatment to benefit one patient .
Similarly , the frequency of a heart attack was 9 % in the invasive group vs. 12 % in the noninvasive group .
This calculates out to 35 patients that would have to be invasively treated to benefit one patient .
This is the only study that has shown any benefit from aggressive interventional treatment and the difference is too small to be considered clinically significant .
Certainly it would be hard to justify operating on 60 patients just to benefit one .
( 3A ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16980115
5 year outcomes in the FRISC - II randomised trial of an invasive versus a non-invasive strategy in non-ST - elevation acute coronary syndrome : a follow - up study .
Lagerqvist B , Husted S , Kontny F , Ståhle E , Swahn E , Wallentin L ; Fast Revascularisation during InStability in Coronary artery disease ( FRISC - II ) Investigators .
Department of Cardiology and Uppsala Clinical Research Center , University Hospital , S - 751 85 Uppsala , Sweden .
FINDINGS : At 5 years the groups differed in terms of the primary composite endpoint of death ,
myocardial infarction , or both ( invasive 217 , 19.9 % ; noninvasive 270 , 24.5 % ; risk ratio 0.81 ; 95 % CI 0.69-0.95 ; p=0.009 ) .
5 - year mortality was 117 ( 9.7 % ) in the invasive group compared with 124 ( 10.1 % ) in the noninvasive group ( 0.95 ; 0.75 - 1.21 ; p=0.693 ) .
Rates of myocardial infarction were 141 ( 12.9 % ) in the invasive and 195 ( 17.7 % ) in the non-invasive group ( 0.73 ; 0.60 - 0.89 ; p=0.002 ) .
The benefit of the invasive strategy was confined to male patients , non-smokers , and patients with two or more risk indicators .
INTERPRETATION :
The 5 - year outcome of this trial indicates sustained benefit of an early invasive strategy in patients with non-ST - elevation acute coronary syndrome at moderate to high risk .
(4 ) http://circ.ahajournals.org/cgi/content/full/98/19/2017
( Circulation .
1998;98:2017-2023 . )
Intensive Medical Therapy Versus Coronary Angioplasty for Suppression of Myocardial Ischemia in Survivors of an Acute Myocardial Infarction
(5 ) http://content.nejm.org/cgi/content/abstract/338/25/1785
Outcome In Patients with Acute Non-Q Wave Myocardial Infarction Randomly Assigned to An Invasive As Compared with a Conservative Management Strategy
William E. Boden , M.D. , Robert A. O'Rourke , M.D. , Michael H. Crawford , M.D. , Alvin S. Blaustein , M.D. , Prakash C. Deedwania , M.D. , Robert G. Zoble , M.D. , Ph.D. , Laura F. Wexler , M.D. , Robert E. Kleiger , M.D. , Carl J. Pepine , M.D. , David R. Ferry , M.D. , Bruce K. Chow , M.S. , Philip W. Lavori , Ph.D. , for The Veterans Affairs Non–Q - Wave Infarction Strategies in Hospital ( VANQWISH ) Trial Investigators
Conclusions
Most patients with non–Q - wave myocardial infarction do not benefit from routine , early invasive management consisting of coronary angiography and revascularization .
A conservative , ischemia - guided initial approach is both safe and effective .
Not only do most patients not benefit from aggressive invasive treatment after their heart attack , but it is harmful .
(6 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/9645886
Twenty - two Year Follow - up in the VA Cooperative Study of Coronary artery bypass surgery for Stable Angina
Am J Cardiol .
1998 Jun 15;81( 12 ) :1393 -
In total , there were twice as many bypass procedures performed in the group assigned to surgery without any long - term survival or symptomatic benefit
(7 ) http://content.onlinejacc.org/cgi/content/abstract/32/3/596
A Prospective Randomized Trial of Triage Angiography in Acute Coronary Syndromes Ineligible for Trombolytic Therapy .
Results of the Medicine Versus Angiography in Thrombolytic Exclusion ( MATE ) Trial .
McCullough PA , O'Neill WW , Graham M , et al. Journal of the American College of Cardiology .
1998 ; 32 : 596-605 .
The endpoint of a repeat heart attack or death at 21 months was seen in 14 % of those undergoing revascularization versus 12 % of the medically treated patients .
Long - term follow - up at a median of 21 months revealed no significant differences in the endpoints of late revascularization , recurrent myocardial infarction , or all - cause mortality .
Conclusions .
Despite more frequent early revascularization after triage angiography ,
we found no long - term benefit in cardiac outcomes compared
with conservative medical therapy with revascularization prompted by recurrent ischemia .
(8) http://circ.ahajournals.org/cgi/content/full/96/3/748
Danish Multicenter Randomized Study of Invasive Versus Conservative Treatment In Patients
With Inducible Ischemia After Thrombolysis In Acute Myocardial Infarction .
DANAMI ) Madsen JK , Grande P , Saunamaki K , et al. Circulation .
1997 ; 96 : 748-755 .
The aim of the DANish trial in Acute Myocardial Infarction ( DANAMI ) study was to compare an
invasive strategy of percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty ( PTCA )
or coronary artery bypass grafting ( CABG )
with a conservative strategy in patients
with inducible myocardial ischemia who received thrombolytic treatment
for a first acute myocardial infarction ( AMI ) .
At 2.4 years ' follow - up ( median ) , mortality was 3.6 % in the invasive treatment group and 4.4 % in the conservative treatment group ( not significant )
(9 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/9274581
Coronary Angioplasty Versus Medical Therapy For Angina :
The Second Randomized Intervention Treatment of Angina ( RITA - 2 ) Trial .
RITA - 2 Trial Participants .
Lancet .
1997 ; 350 : 461-468 .
Death or definite myocardial infarction occurred in 32 patients ( 6.3 % ) treated with PTCA
and in 17 patients ( 3.3 % ) with medical care ( absolute difference 3.0 % [ 95 % CI 0.4 - 5.7 % ] . p = 0.02 ) .
( 9A ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/14522473
Seven - year outcome in the RITA - 2 trial : coronary angioplasty versus medical therapy .
J Am Coll Cardiol .
2003 Oct 1;42(7) :1161-70 .
CONCLUSIONS : In RITA - 2 an initial strategy of PTCA did not influence the risk of death or MI ,
but it improved angina and exercise tolerance .
( 10 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/7594098
One Year Results of the Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction ( TIMI ) IIIB Clinical Trial .
A randomized Comparison of Tissue - Type Plasminogen Activator Versus Placebo and Early Invasive Versus Early Conservative Strategies in Unstable Angina and Non-Q Wave Myocardial Infarction .
Anderson HV , Cannon CP , Stone PH , et al. Journal of The American College of Cardiology .
1995 ; 26 : 1643-1650 .
The incidence of death or nonfatal infarction , or both , did not differ after 1 year by strategy assignment .
RESULTS .
The incidence of death or nonfatal infarction for the t- PA - and placebo - treated groups was similar after 1 year ( 12.4 % vs. 10.6 % , p = 0.24 ) .
The incidence of death or nonfatal infarction was also similar after 1 year for the early invasive and early conservative strategies ( 10.8 % vs. 12.2 % , p = 0.42 ) .
( 11 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/7594092
The Medicine , Angioplasty or Surgery Study ( MASS ) : A Prospective Randomized Trial of Medical Therapy , Balloon Angioplasty or Bypass Surgery for Single Proximal Left Anterior Descending Artery Stenosis .
Hueb WA , Bellotti G , Oliveira SA et al. Journal of the American College of Cardiology .
1995 ; 26 : 1600 -1605 .
At a single center , 214 patients with stable angina , normal ventricular function and a proximal stenosis of the left anterior descending coronary artery > 80 % were randomly assigned to undergo mammary bypass surgery ( n = 70 ) , balloon angioplasty ( n = 72 ) or medical therapy alone ( n = 72 ) .
However , all three strategies resulted in a similar incidence of death and infarction during an average follow - up period of 3 years .
( 11a )
http://circ.ahajournals.org/cgi/content/full/100/suppl_2/II-107
( Circulation .
1999 ;100:II - 107 . )
Five - Year Follow - Up of the Medicine , Angioplasty , or Surgery Study ( MASS )
A Prospective , Randomized Trial of Medical Therapy , Balloon Angioplasty , or Bypass Surgery for Single Proximal Left Anterior Descending Coronary Artery Stenosis
However , the 3 treatment regimens yielded a similar incidence of acute myocardial infarction and death .
( 12 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/8149520
The TIMI IIIB Investigators .
Effects of tissue plasminogen activator and a comparison of early invasive and conservative strategies in unstable angina and non-Q wave myocardial infarction .
Results of the TIMI IIIB Trial .
Circulation .
1994 ; 89 : 1545-1556 .
CONCLUSIONS :
In the overall trial , patients with unstable angina and NQMI were managed with low rates of mortality ( 2.4 % ) and myocardial infarction or reinfarction ( 6.3 % ) at the time of the 6 - week visit .
These results can be achieved using either an early conservative or early invasive strategy , the latter resulting in a reduced incidence of days of hospitalization and of rehospitalization and in the use of antianginal drugs .
The addition of a thrombolytic agent is not beneficial and may be harmful .
( 13 ) http://content.onlinejacc.org/cgi/content/abstract/22/7/1763
Two and Three Year Results of the Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction ( TIMI ) Phase II Clinical Trial .
Terrin ML , Williams DO , Kleiman , NS et al. Journal of the American College of Cardiology .
1993;22 ; 1763-1772 .
Patients enrolled in TIMI II were randomly assigned to an invasive ( 1,681 patients ) or a conservative ( 1,658 patients ) management strategy to follow receipt of intravenous recombinant tissue - type plasminogen activator for acute myocardial infarction .
RESULTS .
Complete 2 - year follow - up data are available for 3,187 patients ( 95.4 % ) .
Cumulative life - table rates of death or reinfarction were 17.6 % for the invasive strategy group and 17.9 % for the conservative strategy group ( p = NS ) and mortality was 8.9 % and 8.7 % ( p = NS ) , respectively .
( 14 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1423952
Randomized Trial of Late Angioplasty Versus Conservative Management For Patients with Residual Stenosis After Thrombolytic Treatment of Myocardial Infarction .
Ellis , SG , Mooney , MR .
George , BS , et al. Circulation .
1992 : 86 ; 1400 -1406 .
BACKGROUND .
After thrombolytic therapy for patients with acute myocardial infarction ( MI ) , percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty ( PTCA ) is frequently performed because of the presence of a " significant " infarct vessel stenosis demonstrated at predischarge coronary angiography .
Several studies have shown PTCA performed early after thrombolysis to be unnecessary or even harmful .
Actuarial 12 - month infarct - free survival was 97.8 % in the no-PTCA group and 90.5 % in the PTCA group ( p = 0.07 ) .
CONCLUSIONS .
There was no functional or clinical benefit from routine late PTCA after MI treated with thrombolytic therapy in this relatively low - risk cohort of patients .
These data strongly suggest that patients with an uncomplicated MI after thrombolytic therapy , even if they have a " significant " residual stenosis of the infarct vessel , should be treated medically if they are without evidence of ischemia on stress testing before hospital discharge .
( 15 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1345754
A Comparison of Angioplasty With Medical Therapy in the Treatment of Single Vessel Coronary Artery Disease .
Parisi AF , Folland ED , Hartigan P. New Engl J Med. 1992 ; 326 : 10 -16 .
CONCLUSIONS .
For patients with single - vessel coronary artery disease , PTCA offers earlier and more complete relief of angina than medical therapy and is associated with better performance on the exercise test .
However , PTCA initially costs more than medical treatment and is associated with a higher frequency of complications
Seven of the angioplasty treated patients had to undergo coronary artery bypass surgery during the study period versus none of the medically treated group while 19 repeat angioplasty procedures had to be performed in the angioplasty group .
Thus , overall angioplasty conveyed no benefit in this group of patients .
( 16 ) http://www.pubmedcentral.nih.gov/articlerender.fcgi?tool=pubmed&pubmedid=2021717
SWIFT Trial of Delayed Elective Intervention v. Conservative Treatment After Thrombolysis With Anistreplase in Acute Myocardial Infarction .
Should We Intervene Following Thrombolysis ?
SWIFT Study Group Trial Study Group .
British Medical Journal .
1991 : 302 : 555-560 .
By 12 months mortality ( 5.8 % ( 23 patients ) in the intervention group v 5.0 % ( 20 ) in the conservative care group ; p = 0.6 ) and rates of reinfarction ( 15.1 % ( 60 patients ) v 12.9 % ( 52 ) ; p = 0.4 ) were similar in the two groups .
No significant differences in rates of angina or rest pain were found at 12 months .
Left ventricular ejection fraction at three and 12 months was the same in both groups .
Both mortality and repeat heart attack were greater in the group receiving invasive treatment .
( 17 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/2110033
Comparison of Immediate Invasive , Delayed Invasive and Conservative Strategies After Tissue - Type Plasminogen Activator .
Rogers , WJ , Baim , DS , Gore , JM et al. Circulation .
1990 : 81 ; 1457-1476 .
At 1 - year follow - up , the three treatment groups had similar cumulative rates of mortality ( 8.7 % , pooled over all groups ) , fatal and nonfatal reinfarction ( 8.5 % ) , combined death and reinfarction ( 14.5 % ) , and CABG ( 17.2 % ) , although the cumulative performance rate of PTCA remained higher in the invasive groups
( immediate invasive strategy group , 75.8 % ; delayed invasive strategy group , 64.3 % ; and conservative strategy group , 23.9 % ; p less than 0.001 ) .
Thus , because conservative strategy achieves equally good short - and long - term outcome with less morbidity and a lower use of PTCA , it seems to be the preferred initial management strategy .
( 18 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/2118299
Randomized Controlled Trial of Late In- Hospital Angiography and Angioplasty Versus Conservative Management After Treatment With Recombinant Tissue - Type Plasminogen Activator in Acute Myocardial Infarction .
Barbash GI , Roth A , Hanoch H. , et al. American Journal of Cardiology .
1990 ; 66 : 538-545 .
Total mortality after a mean follow - up of 10 months was 8 of 97 in the invasive and 4 of 104 in the conservative groups ( p = 0.15 ) .
( 19 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/2563896
Comparison of Invasive and Conservative Strategies After Treatment With Intravenous Tissue Plasminogen Activator in Acute Myocardial Infarction .
The TIMI study Group .
N. Engl J Med 1989 ; 320 : 618-627 .
Angioplasty for patients having chest pain from a heart attack was of no benefit , and resulted in greater number of repeat heart attacks and higher death rate compared to medical treatment alone .
ANother complication : Clot busting drugs were associated with intra-cranial bleeding .
( 20 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/2893037
Lancet .
1988 Jan 30;1( 8579 ) :197-203
Thrombolysis with tissue plasminogen activator in acute myocardial infarction : no additional benefit from immediate percutaneous coronary angioplasty .
Simoons ML , Arnold AE , Betriu A , de Bono DP , Col J , Dougherty FC , von Essen R ,
Lambertz H , Lubsen J , Meier B , et al .
At 2 weeks , the mortality in the angioplasty group was 7 % compared to 3 % in the non-invasive treatment group .
Since immediate PTCA does not provide additional benefit there seems to be no need for immediate angiography and PTCA in patients with acute myocardial infarction treated with rTPA .
( 21 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/2882420
Comparison of Medical and Surgical Treatment for Unstable Angina Pectoris .
Luchi , RJ , Scott SM , Deupree RH , et al. N. Engl. J. Medicine 1987 ; 316 : 977-984 .
" We conclude that patients with unstable angina pectoris have a similar outcome after two years
whether they receive medical therapy alone or coronary bypass surgery plus medical therapy .
However , patients with reduced left ventricular ejection fractions may have a better two - year survival rate after coronary bypass surgery . "
( 22 )
Racial Differences in the Use of Invasive Cardiac Procedures and 1 Year Clinical Outcomes for Non-Q-Wave Myocardial Infarction Patients Randomized to Invasive vs. Conservative Management .
Samar H , Heggunje PS , Deedwania PC et al. Journal of the American College Cardiology , Supplement , 2001 ; 37 : 15A
( 23 ) A Comparison of the Impact of Practice Patterns on Outcome of Patients With Acute Coronary Syndromes in the USA and Canada : Post Hoc Analysis of ESSENCE and TIMI IIB .
Batchelor , WB , Radley D , Cohen M , et al. Journal of the American College Cardiology , Supplement , 2001 ; 37 : 359A
( 24 ) Outcome Study of Two Large Populations With Different Rates of Cardiac Interventions .
Mahrer , PR . Cardiovascular Reviews and Reports , December 2000 638-651
( 25 ) Piegas , IS , Flather , M , Pogue J. et al. for the OASIS Registry Investigators .
The Organization to Access Strategies for Ischemic Syndromes ( OASIS ) registry in patients with Unstable Angina .
Am J. of Cardiology .
1999 ; 84 ( suppl ) : 7M - 12 M .
( 26 ) Comparison of Medical Care and Survival of Hospitalized Patients with Acute Myocardial Infarction in Poland and the United States .
Rosamond W , Broda G , Kawalec E , et al.
American J. Cardiology 1999 ; 83 : 1180 -1185 .
( 27 ) Use of Coronary Angiography and Revascularization Procedures Following Acute Myocardial Infarction : A European perspective .
Woods , KL , Ketley D , Agusti , A , et al European Heart Journal .
1998 ; 19 ; 1348-1354 .
( 28 ) Use of Cardiac Procedures and Outcomes in Elderly Patients with Myocardial Infarction in the United States and Canada Tu JV , Pashos CL , Naylor Color Doppler , et al . N Engl J Med 1997 ; 336 : 1500 - 1505 .
( 29 ) Variation in the Use of Cardiac Procedures After Acute Myocardial Infarction .
Guadagnoli E , Hauptman BJ , Ayanian JZ , et al. N Engl J Med 1995 ; 333 : 573-578 .
( 30 ) A Comparison of Management Patterns After Acute Myocardial Infarction in Canada and in the United States Rouleau JL , Moye LA , Pfeffer , MA et al .
N Engl J Med 1993;328 : 779-784 .
( 31 ) Differences in the Treatment of Myocardial Infarction in the United States and Canada .
A Comparison of Two University Hospitals .
Pilote L , Racine N , Hlatky MA. Arch Intern Medication 1994 ; 154 : 1090 - 1096 .
( 32 ) Comparison of Medical Care and One and 12 Month Mortality of Hospitalized patients with Acute Myocardial Infarction in Minneapolis - St. Paul , Minnesota , United States of America and Goteborg , Sweden .
McGovern OG , Herlitz J , Pankow JS , et al. Am. J Cardiol .
1997 ; 80 : 557-562
( 33 ) Longitudinal Assessment of Neurocognitive Function After Coronary Artery Bypass Surgery .
Newman MF , Kirchner JL , Phillips - Bute B , et al. N Engl J Medication 2001 ; 344 : 395-402 .
( 34 ) Coronary Stenting or Percutaneous Transluminal Coronary Angioplasty Prior to Noncardiac Surgery Increases Adverse Events : The Evidence is Mounting , Van Norman GA , and Posner , K. Journal of the American College of Cardiology .
2000 ; 36 : 2351
( 35 ) Catastrophic Outcomes of Noncardiac Surgery Soon After Coronary Stenting .
Kaluza GL , Joseph J , Lee JR , et al. Journal of the American College of Cardiology .
2000 ; 35 : 1288-1294 .
( 36 ) Results of a Second - Opinion Trial Among Patients Recommended For Coronary Angiography .
Graboys TB , Biegelsen B , Lampert S , Blatt CM , Lown B. JAMA ; 1992 : 268 2537-2540 .
( 37 ) Two to Eight Year Survival Rates in Patients Who Refused Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting .
Hueb W , Bellotti G. Ramired J , et al. American Journal Cardiology .
1989;63 : 155-159 .
( 38 ) Prognosis of Medically Treated Patients with Coronary Artery Disease With Profound ST - Segment Depression During Exercise Testing .
Podrif , PD , Graboys , TB , Lown , B. N Engl J Med. 1981 ; 305:1111-1116 .
( 39 ) Exercise Performance - Based Outcomes of Medically Treated Patients with Coronary Artery Disease and Profound ST Segment Depression .
Thompson , CA , Jabbour S , Goldberg , RJ , et al. Journal of the American College of Cardiology .
2000 ; 36 : 2140-2145 .
From Harvard Medical School , the Lown Cardiovascular Research Foundation , and the University of Massachusetts Medical School
____________
more recent
http://circ.ahajournals.org/cgi/content/full/111/22/2906
Circulation .
2005;111:2906-2912 . )
Percutaneous Coronary Intervention Versus Conservative Therapy in Nonacute Coronary Artery Disease A Meta-Analysis Demosthenes G. Katritsis , MD , PhD ; John P.A. Ioannidis , MD
Conclusions —
In patients with chronic stable CAD , in the absence of a recent myocardial infarction , PCI does not offer any benefit in terms of death , myocardial infarction , or the need for subsequent revascularization compared with conservative medical treatment .
The present meta - analysis shows that compared with conservative medical treatment , PCI does not decrease mortality or the risk of MI during follow - up in patients with chronic CAD except in the context of a recent MI .
--------------------
Invasive approach for acute MI does not reduce mortality
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15846255
1 : Am Heart J. 2005 Feb ;149 ( 2) :194-9
Invasive versus noninvasive management of ST - elevation acute myocardial infarction : a review of clinical trials and observational studies .
Beck CA , Eisenberg MJ , Pilote L .
Division of Clinical Epidemiology , McGill University Health Centre , McGill University , Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
BACKGROUND : Despite decades of research , it is still unclear whether patients with uncomplicated ST - segment elevation acute myocardial infarction ( AMI ) should be managed with an invasive or a noninvasive approach after successful thrombolysis .
METHODS :
We reviewed randomized trials in which patients were randomized to a strategy of routine cardiac catheterization after thrombolysis ( invasive ) or a strategy whereby patients received cardiac catheterization only if they demonstrated reversible ischemia by noninvasive testing ( noninvasive ) .
RESULTS : Evidence to date suggests that invasive approach does not result in mortality or reinfarction benefits for patients with uncomplicated ST - segment elevation AMI .
-------------------------------------------------
Early invasive with stenting reduces mortality
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18760142
Am Heart J. 2008 Sep;156(3) :564-572 , 572.e1 - 2.
Epub 2008 Jun 30 .
An early invasive strategy versus ischemia - guided management after fibrinolytic therapy for ST - segment elevation myocardial infarction : a meta-analysis of contemporary randomized controlled trials .
Wijeysundera HC , et al .
BACKGROUND : Although the use of an early invasive strategy among patients with ST - segment elevation myocardial infarctions ( STEMI ) who are treated initially with fibrinolytic therapy is common , the safety and efficacy of this approach remains uncertain .
We performed a meta - analysis to best estimate the benefits and harms of an early invasive strategy in STEMI patients treated initially with full - dose intravenous fibrinolytic therapy , as compared to a traditional strategy of ischemia - guided management .
METHODS :
We included contemporary randomized controlled trials , defined a priori as those with > 50 % stent use during percutaneous coronary intervention ( PCI ) .
Outcomes extracted from the published results of eligible trials included all - cause mortality , reinfarction , stroke , and in - hospital major bleeding .
RESULTS : We identified 5 contemporary trials enrolling 1,235 patients who met our inclusion criteria .
Of the patients randomized to an early invasive strategy , 86 % underwent PCI with 87 % receiving stents .
Follow - up duration ranged from 30 days to 1 year .
An early invasive strategy was associated with significant reductions in mortality ( odds ratio [ OR ] 0.55 , 95 % CI 0.34-0.90 ) and reinfarction ( OR 0.53 , 95 % CI 0.33 - 0.86 ) compared with ischemia - guided management .
There were no significant differences in the risk of stroke ( OR 1.31 , 95 % CI 0.42-4.10 ) or major bleeding ( OR 1.41 , 95 % CI 0.74-2.69 ) .
CONCLUSIONS :
An early invasive strategy after fibrinolytic therapy is associated with significant reductions in mortality and reinfarction .
Our results suggest a potentially important role for this strategy in the management of STEMI patients but should be confirmed by large randomized trials .
-------------------------------------------------
3 stent era trials show improvement in mortality compared to medical treatment
http://www.pubmedcentral.nih.gov/articlerender.fcgi?tool=pubmed&pubmedid=16330637
CMAJ . 2005 December 6 ; 173( 12 ) : 1473 –1481 .
Immediate angioplasty after thrombolysis : a systematic review
Warren J. Cantor , Fabrice Brunet , Carolyn P. Ziegler , Alex Kiss , and Laurie J. Morrison
Results
We found 13 articles that were supportive of immediate or early PCI after thrombolysis and 16 that were neutral or provided evidence opposing it .
The largest randomized trials and
meta - analyses showed no benefit of routine PCI immediately or shortly after thrombolysis .
The studies that were supportive were generally more recent and more frequently involved coronary stents .
One large trial supported early PCI after thrombolysis for patients with
myocardial infarction complicated by cardiogenic shock .
Overall , the difference in mortality rates between the invasive strategy and conservative care was nonsignificant .
The 3 stent - era
trials showed a significantly lower mortality among patients randomly assigned to the invasive strategy ( 5.8 % v. 10.0 % , odds ratio 0.55 , 95 % confidence interval 0.32–0.92 ) .
Analysis of variance found a significant difference in treatment effect between stent - era and pre–stent - era trials .
" Overall , there were no statistically significant differences in mortality ( OR 0.89 , 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] 0.67 –1.19 ; Fig. 2 ) or in a composite of death and reinfarction ( OR 0.81 , 95 % CI 0.65 – 1.01 ; Fig. 3 ) within 12 months ( 6 mo , for SIAM - 321 ) between the “ invasive ” strategy ( immediate or early PCI after thrombolysis ) and the “ conservative , ” noninvasive strategy .
Similarly , among the 5 pre– stent - era trials there were no significant differences in mortality or in combined death and reinfarction within 12 months .
However , in the 3 stent - era trials , there were significantly lower rates of death ( OR 0.55 , 95 % CI 0.32–0.92 ; Fig. 2 ) and death or reinfarction ( OR 0.59 , 95 % CI 0.39 –0.89 ; Fig. 3 ) within 12 months for patients randomly assigned to the invasive strategy . "
____________________
Immediate stenting found to reduce mortality compared to delayed stenting
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12932593
J Am Coll Cardiol .
2003 Aug 20;42(4):634-41 .
Beneficial effects of immediate stenting after thrombolysis in acute myocardial infarction .
Scheller B , Hennen B , Hammer B , Walle J , Hofer C , Hilpert V , Winter H , Nickenig G , Böhm M ; SIAM III Study Group .
OBJECTIVES : The Southwest German Interventional Study in Acute Myocardial Infarction ( SIAM III ) investigated potentially beneficial effects of immediate stenting after thrombolysis as opposed to a more conservative treatment regimen .
BACKGROUND : Treatment of acute myocardial infarction ( AMI ) by thrombolysis is compromised by Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction ( TIMI ) 3 flow rates of only 60 % and high re-occlusion rates of the infarct - related artery ( IRA ) .
Older studies showed no benefit of coronary angioplasty after thrombolysis compared with thrombolytic therapy alone .
This observation has been challenged by the superiority of primary stenting over balloon angioplasty in AMI .
METHODS : The SIAM III study was a multicenter , randomized , prospective , controlled trial in patients receiving thrombolysis in AMI ( < 12 h ) .
Patients of group I were transferred within 6 h after thrombolysis for coronary angiography , including stenting of the IRA .
Group II received elective coronary angiography two weeks after thrombolysis with stenting of the IRA .
RESULTS : A total of 197 patients were randomized , 163 patients fulfilled the secondary ( angiographic ) inclusion criteria ( 82 in group I , 81 in group II ) .
Immediate stenting was associated with a significant reduction of the combined end point after six months ( ischemic events , death , reinfarction , target lesion revascularization 25.6 % vs. 50.6 % , p = 0.001 ) .
CONCLUSIONS : Immediate stenting after thrombolysis leads to a significant reduction of cardiac events compared with a more conservative approach including delayed stenting after two weeks .
Immediate stenting was associated with a significant reduction of the combined end point after six months ( ischemic events , death , reinfarction , target lesion revascularization 25.6 % vs. 50.6 % , p = 0.001 ) .
CONCLUSIONS : Immediate stenting after thrombolysis leads to a significant reduction of cardiac events compared with a more conservative approach including delayed stenting after two weeks .
CABG vs. Medical Treatment
__________________________
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1617765
Circulation .
1992 Jul ;86(1):121-30 .
Links
Eighteen - year follow - up in the Veterans Affairs Cooperative Study of Coronary Artery Bypass Surgery for stable angina .
The VA Coronary Artery Bypass Surgery Cooperative Study Group .
The 18 - year effect of bypass surgery compared with medical therapy on survival , incidence of myocardial infarction , and relief of angina was evaluated in 686 randomized patients with stable angina in the Veterans Affairs Cooperative Study of Coronary Artery Bypass Surgery .
Regardless of risk , surgery also did not reduce the incidence of myocardial infarction or the combined incidence of infarction or death .
===============================
http://kulwant.blog.co.in/2008/08/08/blockages-in-arteries-better-be-left-alone/
http://circ.ahajournals.org/cgi/content/full/118/23/2326
( Circulation .
2008;118:2326-2329 . )
Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting Versus Stenting for Unprotected Left Main Coronary Artery Disease Where Lies the Body of Proof ?
Richard J. Shemin , MD
Survival advantages of stent therapy for coronary artery disease over medical therapy have not been a consistent result in clinical trials .
Drug eluting stents found to increase mortality
http://www.usatoday.com/news/health/2007-09-04-1812171944_x.htm
International study shows stent risks
By Maria Cheng , AP Medical Writer
The study , presented Tuesday , showed that heart attack patients who received drug - coated stents in an emergency situation were five times more likely to die after two years than those who received bare metal stents .
http://content.onlinejacc.org/cgi/content/full/46/4/575
J Am Coll Cardiol , 2005 ; 46:575-581 ,
CLINICAL RESEARCH : CLINICAL TRIALS
Five - Year Outcomes After Coronary Stenting Versus Bypass Surgery for the Treatment of Multivessel Disease
The Final Analysis of the Arterial Revascularization Therapies Study ( ARTS ) Randomized Trial Patrick W. Serruys , MD
CONCLUSIONS :
At five years there was no difference in mortality between stenting and surgery for multivessel disease .
Furthermore , the incidence of stroke or myocardial infarction was not significantly different between the two groups .
Jeffrey Dach MD
A tale of rage and complicity
Nomad : From Islam to America .
A Personal Journey Through the Clash of Civilisations .
By Ayaan Hirsi Ali. Simon & Schuster ; 274 pages ; $ 27 and £ 12.99 .
Buy from Amazon.com , Amazon.co.uk
OBSERVED at a distance , traditional societies hold a great fascination for people who are raised in the secure world of middle - class modernity .
There is a keen appetite for memoirs and works of popular anthropology that offer some sense of what it is like to grow up in a setting where loyalty to the extended family , the faith , the tribe is unquestioned ; and where people 's self - worth depends on acting out rituals and roles inherited from distant ancestors .
When set against the atomised solitude of some forms of contemporary Western existence , life as an Ottoman imam , a tsarist peasant or an African warrior can appear romantic — even , somehow , whole and well - integrated where modern life is all too often fragmented and prolix .
For anyone who has ever felt a tinge of rose - tinted nostalgia for the traditional , Ayaan Hirsi Ali provides a bracing , and on the whole healthy , cold shower .
Having experienced traditional society from the inside — in the form of a Muslim Somali family headed by a well - known politician who practised polygamy and left a deeply troubled and dysfunctional progeny — she has no time for sentimentality .
As the world 's most famous ex-Muslim ( who became a politician in the Netherlands , then a public intellectual in America ) , she tells people who have grown up in countries shaped by the Enlightenment and the scientific revolution that they do n't know how lucky they are .
Her African upbringing , as she recounts the story , was dark , fearful , full of tedious labour , meaningless rituals and irrational cruelty of which female circumcision was only the most egregious example .
People succumbed to terrible diseases because they did not know the elementary facts about hygiene and health .
An obsessive concern with the hereafter sapped their will to take practical steps that could have made their lives more bearable .
With disarming frankness , she takes on her family one by one : her father ( a moderniser only by his tribe 's strict standards ) , her jealous , superstitious mother , her sisters , who suffer a range of tragic fates , her sad feckless brother , who fails in almost all his traditional duties , except that of beating his sisters .
To Ms Hirsi Ali's horror , one sister , whom she remembers as a playful , headstrong child , ends up in an East London housing estate , draped in a head - to - toe jilbab , a garment that seems to imply utter rejection of her host country and its values .
The author is indignant not just over her sister 's ultra- traditionalism , but over the fact that British society — in what appears to be a spirit of muddled multiculturalism — seems to tolerate or even encourage such backward - looking ways of living and dressing .
Each family member is held to epitomise some recurring problem which is , in Ms Hirsi Ali 's view , characteristic of patriarchal societies , especially when they are uprooted but trying desperately to cling to the old ways .
At times the clinical manner in which she dissects her family 's failings and pathologies seems a bit harsh .
Just as her forebears had very clear ideas on how everybody should behave , in accordance with their sex and position in the family , Ms Hirsi Ali has no hesitation in offering prescriptions of her own .
Nor does she have much time for the idea that there might be intermediate solutions to the dilemma faced by millions of young people all over the world : how to balance the demands of modern reality and the traditional values they have received from their parents .
Still , many will feel that Ms Hirsi Ali has the right to express strong feelings on these matters .
After fleeing the marriage that her father tried to arrange , she found happiness in the Netherlands but lost a close friend who was murdered by a Muslim zealot .
The Dutch government deprived her of her passport because of the fibs that she told immigration authorities .
Arriving in America , she felt a natural affinity with people on the ideological centre - right who believe the Western world should be more trenchant in defending its own values and less inclined to blame itself .
Her writing is at its best when it is honest and vulnerable rather than hectoring and prescriptive : when she admits , for example , that even she feels the loneliness of modern society at times , and yearns for the sense of belonging that life in the clan — however cruel and dysfunctional — can still provide .
And there are touching passages in which she bids farewell to various members of her family : first , in the literal sense , to her dying father ; to her sad , crotchety mother , with whom she re-establishes telephone contact after a long estrangement ; and to her late grandmother , to whom she addresses a rhetorical letter in which affection wins out , albeit marginally , over resentment .
Ms Hirsi
Ali is surely oversimplifying when she says that Islam 's problems are almost entirely self - inflicted , with the implication that all the West need do is repeat the Pharisees ' prayer ( thank heavens we are not like those people ) and go on fighting the good ideological fight .
On the other hand , she offers a powerful riposte to those who insist on the opposite : that the brewing clash of civilisations is all the fault of Western misdeeds , for which no apology will suffice .
But surely there is a more interesting possibility , which she does not consider : that Western misbehaviour , starting with Anglo - French colonial adventures in the Middle East and South Asia , reinforced some of the worst features of Islamic societies — creating a vicious circle which has yet to be broken .
( Natural News )
In response to recent bans on junk food advertising in the U.K. , junk food manufacturers like Fanta , which is part of Coca - Cola , have found a loophole to the restriction .
Producers are paying children the equivalent of roughly $ 40 a week to plug company products to their friends through social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter .
A recruitment site where thousands of kids as young as seven years old can take surveys to help companies formulate products is now luring them to promote brands and product lines to their friends in exchange for discount coupons and free samples .
The site is encouraging children to put up flyers for products , write endorsements on message boards and social networking sites , and even host product parties for their friends .
While there are some safeguards in place for younger children , including mandatory parental consent for children under 12 , many are concerned that the practice exploits children and promotes unhealthy food products that are causing widespread illness and obesity .
Social networking can be a powerful and useful tool for conducting business , but the practice of luring young children to promote questionable products is becoming increasingly problematic .
Many record labels are now employing the same tactic to get children to promote various pop stars and music groups .
Ed Mayo , co-author of , a book on children and marketing , is strongly against the practice of companies hiring " youth ambassadors " to promote their products .
" About 85 percent of children 's favorite websites collect some sort of personal information , " he explained , noting that more than half a million children have already been enrolled in some sort of online marketing program .
The U.K. Food Standards Agency ( FSA ) has indicated that it plans to utilize company databases to send messages to children about the importance of eating a healthy diet .
With more than a third of U.K. children being overweight and a great many deficient in vital minerals and nutrients , the agency hopes to exert some positive influence in response to the situation .
Authorities gave no indication that any action would be taken against the practice .
Though U.K. law has established restrictive limits on junk food advertising on television , there are no such restrictions for internet advertising .
Rather than demand ever - more government intervention to obstruct the market , parents can and should get more involved in their children 's lives to discourage participation in online marketing programs and teach them to eat better .
Sources for this story include :
This one 's been floating around for a while now and just spotted in the wild last week , but LG has finally come clean with its new LU2300 Android handset , albeit in a somewhat roundabout way on its official UK blog .
The biggest news is that LG has confirmed that the phone does indeed pack a 1GHz Snapdragon processor and Android 2.1 , along with some other fairly impressive specs to match , including a 3.5 - inch AMOLED capacitive display , a 5 - megapixel camera , built - in WiFi , DivX support and a DMB TV tuner -- that last feature of which likely indicates that this one wo n't be available over here anytime soon .
There 's also still no indication of a price or a firm release date , although it will apparently be available in Korea sometime this month or next .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A blue stork is proving to be a tourist attraction in a German village , puzzled bird watchers are unsure how it got its distinctive colour .
Imtiaz Tyab reports .
If you own an Unmanned Aerial Vehicle ( UAV ) , here 's piece of advice : do n't fly it near San Nicholas Island , California , or it could be blasted out of the sky – by a laser .
Two such vehicles were successfully shot down there on May 24th by a US Navy laser weapon .
According to the official press release , this marks " the first detect - thru - engage laser shoot - down of a threat representative target in an over - the - water , combat representative scenario . "
Members of the Naval Sea Systems Command ( NAVSEA ) utilized a laser shot through a beam director on a KINETO tracking mount , controlled by a MK 15 Phalanx Close In Weapon System ( CIWS ) .
The Navy 's Laser Weapon System ( LaWS ) has already shot down UAVs in other scenarios , bringing the total number of downed flying robots to seven .
" The success of this effort validates the military utility of DE&EWS ( Directed Energy and Electric Weapon Systems ) in a maritime environment , " said program manager Capt .
David Kiel .
" Further development and integration of increasingly more powerful lasers into Surface Navy LaWS will increase both the engagement range and target sets that can be successfully engaged and destroyed . "
The US Navy is interested in laser weapons because of their speed - of - light engagement time , and the cost savings realized by minimizing the use of missiles .
Laser weapons are also becoming a reality in the air .
In testing earlier this year , a modified Boeing 747 equipped with an airborne laser ( ABL ) shot down a ballistic missile off the central California coast .
Bangkok , Thailand ( CNN ) --
At least eight people have been killed as Thai security forces declared a " live firing zone " in downtown Bangkok on Saturday following days of deadly clashes with anti-government protesters .
Saturday 's fatality takes the total number of deaths to 25 since a government - backed clampdown on protesters exploded into violence on Thursday .
More than 150 people have been wounded , according to emergency officials .
In a televised address , Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva said a small group of protesters among the opposition " Red Shirts " was trying to foment civil war .
The prime minister urged the citizenry to understand and embrace the government 's stance .
The country could n't allow the rule of law to fail , he said , warning that the longer the protests continued , the higher the risk for the public .
" The government proposed a reconciliation plan but it was rejected , " Abhisit said .
" This benefits no one .
It only benefits a small group which wants to harm the country and lead it to civil war .
It is unbelieveble that they use peoples lives for political advantage . "
Thousands of Red Shirts , who support ousted former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra , have been occupying a central area of the city for weeks in a show of opposition to Abhisit .
The escalating unrest prompted the U.S. Embassy to issue a travel warning Saturday advising Americans to defer travel to Bangkok , spokeswoman Cynthia Brown told CNN .
Several other western embassies , including the UK , Japan , Canada , New Zealand and the Netherlands have also advised against travel to Bangkok .
Tensions remained high Saturday , with protesters yelling and screaming as they stood behind barricades of tires , spikes and bamboo poles .
i Report : Are you there ?
Send your images , video
But a military spokesman said security forces planned to put the protesters under more pressure Saturday as they cordoned off an area of several square kilometers , CNN's Sara Sidner reported .
" In the next few days , they will be stepping up their security measures , " said Panitan Wattanayagorn , the acting Thai government spokesman .
Security forces rolled out razor wire and erected warning signs as they surrounded the area where the protesters have been clustered , CNN's Dan Rivers reported .
He said Thai troops had also come under fire although it was unclear who was shooting at them .
" There 's been quite a fierce gunfight where we are in the northwest corner of this zone that they have tried to surround a Ratchaprarop Road which has been declared a live fire zone by the army , " said Rivers .
" There are signs up all along it warning residents to stay indoors , that there is live ammunition being used .
We 've been effectively pinned down while the army tries to deal with incoming fire .
We 're not sure who 's firing on them but it 's certainly been a very volatile situation with lots of explosions and gunfire going on . "
Sidner , a few kilometers away inside the security force 's cordon reported witnessing two people shot .
Both appeared to be unarmed she said .
Those present at the scene claimed rooftop snipers were responsible for the shootings , she said .
" The protesters clearly blame the army for the deadly force , " said Sidner .
" There is no way to know for sure who exactly is doing the shooting but neither of the people we saw injured were armed . "
On the scene : Bangkok at boiling point
The Thai capital has been in chaos since Thursday , beset by gunfire , tear gas and stone - throwing that boiled over after Thai authorities set a new deadline to seal off the Bangkok intersection where protesters have gathered by the thousands for the past month .
What are protests about ?
A government official said Thai forces were slowly getting control of the downtown area , with video footage showing soldiers shooting rounds toward the area with protesters .
Among those wounded on Friday was a journalist from a French television station who was shot in the leg .
The government said it was forced to take action after demonstrators disregarded an ultimatum by Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva to vacate the intersection by Wednesday .
Wattanayagorn said Friday that security forces who have been the objects of attacks have no choice but to respond .
He told reporters that forces have been dutifully following the rules of engagement , which allow them to use live ammunition to protect themselves and their comrades .
He assured Bangkok residents and foreigners that the forces have no intention of harming anyone .
The government , he said , is " very confident " it will be able to " stabilize the situation " and get it " under control very soon . "
Also , he said the prime minister is looking forward to working with others in hammering out reforms .
The United Front for Democracy , the formal name of the Red Shirt opposition , has been demanding that Abhisit dissolve the lower house of Parliament and call new elections .
The Red Shirts support former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a bloodless military coup .
Tensions ramped up when Maj. Gen. Khattiya Sawasdipol -- a renegade general better known as Seh Daeng , which means Red Commander -- was shot and wounded by a sniper 's bullet Thursday , leaving him in critical condition .
Brown , of the U.S. Embassy in Bangkok , said that family members of embassy personnel had been offered voluntary departure .
She said the embassy would remain closed on Monday and that staff were assessing the situation " day to day . "
CNN 's Dan Rivers and Sara Sidner contributed to this report .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Federal Judge Dresses Down O'Keefe , But Lets Him Avoid Trial for Tampering with Senator 's Phone "
( 28 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 5/20/2010 @ 3:13 pm PT ...
The New York Times is a truly despicable fascist rag in liberal clothing .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 5/20/2010 @ 3:32 pm PT ...
I had said early on this story had legs , daddy - long legs .
Guess they been chopped off .
Apparently whoever financed and organized the phone buggery and could pay for the " superstar " lawyers , had enough left over for the judge .
AAhhh , American justice .
The same deep pocket criminals were most likely pulling the strings behind the ACORN travesty .
Pimple faced punks do n't get Congress to jump to their tune like an organ grinder and his monkey .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Magginkat said on 5/20/2010 @ 3:44 pm PT ...
I am working from memory here but does n't that James O'Keefe bear a striking resemblence to Timothy McVeigh , the Oklahoma City bomber ???
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 5/20/2010 @ 3:49 pm PT ...
Magginkat @ comment # 3 Yes
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Mark E. Smith said on 5/20/2010 @ 4:04 pm PT ...
IOIYAR ( or a Democrat ) -- the culture of impunity .
Fifty years from now , if a judge tries to look into the war crimes of the Bush and Obama administrations or the dirty tricks of government and political party operatives , they 'll be removed like Judge Garzon was in Spain .
That 's why I 've been saying for years that it is n't enough to elect new and different representatives , we need a system in which we can hold representatives and anyone else accountable .
Without accountability , there is tyranny with impunity .
I 've got a little blog post over on Znet that I think explains the problems :
http://www.zcommunicatio...republic-by-mark-e-smith
And another one about voting : http://www.zcommunicatio...-consent-by-mark-e-smith
Strange that people keep consenting to be governed under a system where the powerful and those who work for them can get away with anything they want , but ordinary citizens can't even ensure that their votes are counted .
I 'm glad there 's plenty of outrage , but why keep consenting to an outrageous system ?
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Shortbus said on 5/20/2010 @ 5:52 pm PT ...
Gee , just a dressing down ?
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Steve Heller said on 5/20/2010 @ 7:09 pm PT ...
I knew nothing would come of it .
I knew he'd get away with it .
I said as much in comments on this site .
But still ...
God damn it .
God -fucking - damn it .
There is no justice in this country .
None .
God damn it to hell .
They 'll put a kid with a crack rock in his pocket in the state penn .
for years , but this like taint - licker just walks away clean .
God-FUCKING -Damn it !
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 5/20/2010 @ 7:34 pm PT ...
Did the judge give him a " stern frowning " , too ???
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 5/20/2010 @ 9:40 pm PT ...
Steve @ # 7 ~ ... or , they 'll charge a hero whistle - blower with three felonies for releasing documentation proving Diebold / Premiere lied to the State of CA and taxpayers by using un-certified software resulting in a multimillion dollar pay out and admission of guilt by the corp .
only to then prosecute said hero to the fullest extent of the law just for doing the right thing .
Same system that then lets a fellow Taint - licker off the hook , scott - free .
With something stern like words .
I
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 5/20/2010 @ 9:44 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 5/20/2010 @ 9:48 pm PT ...
.. what the ...oh !
I see what it 's not liking .
The rest went : " I love you , Steve Heller .
I 'm so glad you 're not a taint - licker .
Certainly there must be some dividends and treasures awaiting you somewheres for managing that now challenging feat ! "
( Sorry for the stutter . )
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... greydog said on 5/20/2010 @ 10:24 pm PT ...
RULE OF LAW ?
Not a chance for connected criminals .
America sucks .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 5/20/2010 @ 11:00 pm PT ...
I agree 100 % with Steve Heller above ... there are people serving far greater time for far less than the noxious crimes of James Okeefe .
Nevertheless , I had a feeling this would happen .
Okeefe is a wealthy brat tied in with political high - rollers ... a small imp among big monsters .
Having Flannagan ’s son at his side made a good buffer , but having the likes of Karl Rove or Peter Thiel paying his way makes all the difference .
All the same ...
BOOO !!!!
I am glad Duval made it clear that Okeefe was wrong , and I agree that James represents an “ unconscionable ” and irresponsible framework that makes everyone loose in the end .
But Duval does a great disservice to the very meaning of Justice by not seeing these charges through .
BOOO !!!
Here ’s the irony — ACORN was defamed and defunded on the basis of falsified internet video whose authors adamantly refused to provide their unedited “ evidence ” until forced by the promise of immunity from prosecution .
Without a second thought , congress and the mainstream media bought Okeefe 's lies hook , line and sinker , and impulsively acted upon that lie .
Without a fair trial , and solely on the basis of Okeefe ’s doctored videos , ACORN was convicted of crimes it never committed ( in the morbid hallucinations of the Tea Bag movement , that lie still lives . )
Despite its imperfections , ACORN did indeed do fine work serving lower income communities .
Meanwhile O’keefe , who never did a single thing to help his fellow human being , get ’s any number of shadey deals and under - the - table bargains to equivocate the very real crimes which he DID , in fact , commit .
FOR SHAME !!!!!
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... xxx said on 5/20/2010 @ 11:28 pm PT ...
hey brad ,
you left your cock ring under my bed last week .
the maid found it .
lol .
call me ,
m / f
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 5/21/2010 @ 1:42 am PT ...
wtf , that was probably mine , xxx , do n't worry about it , your mom said she would return it next week on our date .
Sorry about your sheets .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 5/21/2010 @ 1:49 am PT ...
At least you did n't change the subject , xxx , after all , we * were * talking about that cock - ring O'Keefe .
How could O'Keefe and his buddies not get in more trouble for this ?
There are terrorists running around , and they thought this was a great idea to pose as telephone repair men , and attempt to break into the phone system of a senator and do god knows what ?
And no one even goes to trial for anything ?
What a terrible precedent .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Dan said on 5/21/2010 @ 8:10 am PT ...
How about prosecuting him for willfully destroying US currency as shown above ?
Dan
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... James Stroud said on 5/21/2010 @ 12:09 pm PT ...
For those of us who are not experts in the CJS , I looked at the AP article .
They still face sentencing for their crimes .
The judge did not have to issue any sort of admonishment and could have left it procedural .
Waiving the right to hear the trial is not the same as dismissing the case .
A magistrate will do the sentencing , which probably would have been mitigated by a trial .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... James Stroud said on 5/21/2010 @ 12:13 pm PT ...
A case could be made for a very tough sentence .
Whether or not these guys were crusaders for righteousness , a weak sentencing will only encourage terrorists to attempt to gain access to federal buildings under false pretenses .
Terrorists could become emboldened by what they perceive is a weak criminal justice system in the US .
Even though these guys may have meant well , very harsh sentences must be given to protect the USA from terrorism .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 5/21/2010 @ 1:50 pm PT ...
Chris : comment # 14 - that 's O'Keefe talking to Breitbart in code .
Breitbart likes to be called " Brad " when Breitbart has conjugal visits with him .
" Maid " is code word for " prison guard " .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 5/21/2010 @ 1:54 pm PT ...
@ James Stroud #'s 18 & 19 , Hi James ,
You make a good point .
I honestly have but a partial understanding of the Criminal Justice Sytem , so I will admit that my own conclusions may have been too premature .
Nevertheless , it does seem like O'Keefe & co are being given too many breaks on this one .
Around 2006 , I read an article about an impoverished elderly woman who was whisked to jail for using the extra $ 90 in food stamps which the government had mistakenly sent her .
She used the money to feed the kids in her charge , and was convicted as a criminal for welfare fraud .
Again , not knowing all the in's and out 's of the legal system , I am all the same saddened that this women gets put away tout - suite , while people like James O’keefe ( who attempted , post 9 - 11 , to enter a federal building under false pretenses , and access its phone system ) get a slap on the wrist .
Nevertheless , I hope he meets some justice .
He should do his time .
And it might be fitting if he should be made to do community service among the impoverished Americans who are the real victims of his antics ( as per the moving statement from Mike Stark . )
At the same time , that would be like keeping a wolf among chickens .
I certainly believe that Okeefe and co deserve a very harsh sentence ... if only for being so lacking in awareness as to attempt this stunt in the post 9 - 11 world .
One would hope that a real “ investigative journalist ” might consider the basic context surrounding her / his own “ research method ” ... but O’keefe ’s not an investigator nor a journalist ... he ’s a paid liar , and a careless one at that .
At the same time , I am glad Duval leveled some pretty strong words at O’Keefe and his pals .
As light as the “ chiding ” was , it wont be something any of those 4 will live down any time soon .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 5/21/2010 @ 2:13 pm PT ...
@ James Stroud , Hi again James , I just wanted to share with you that I checked out the link to your website , and i REALLY LIKE it !!!!
Its super cool !!!!
Coincidently enough , i'm making enchiladas for a get - together this weekend , and I think I 'll give your tomatillo sauce a try !
Anyhow , have a wonderful spring !!3aa9 b
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 5/21/2010 @ 2:23 pm PT ...
@ Steve Heller # 7
Steve , I have just now learned about you through Jeanie 's youtube link .
I just want to say how humbled and inspired I am by your story , in addition to being shocked by what you have endured .
It is an honor to share this forum with you .
We cannot thank you enough for having strong ethics and a back - bone in an ungrateful world .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Casper D. Schtudly said on 5/21/2010 @ 3:38 pm PT ...
What do you notice about the photos of these four criminals ?
Of course it 's the unnaturally small distance from their eyes to the top of their head , much unlike normal , law - abiding people .
Very typical of subnormal intelligence criminal types .
I predict a long criminal future for these amoralists .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Steve Heller said on 5/21/2010 @ 6:34 pm PT ...
@Jeannie Dean , # 11 : Wow , love , eh? Nice .
What 's that get me ?
With you , pro'lly something very funny , and hopefully just a wee bit dirty .
@ SreeBee , # 23 : Thanks for your kind words .
If interested , more on my case here including a link to a great article about it written by our very own Brad Friedman for Hustler Magazine .
Having an article about me in Hustler is still just about the coolest , most kitschy thing that 's ever happened to me .
Brad Rules !
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... michael said on 5/23/2010 @ 7:20 pm PT ...
the freakin ' judge is gay too ?
ooooh very scary a good dressing down !
who got it off ?
did the judge cum down hard on o'keefy in his chambers ?
maybe a little spanky spanky from the silly judgee poo too .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Paul McCarthy said on 5/24/2010 @ 4:31 pm PT ...
I do n't get it .
The AP article does n't say that O'Keefe is getting off without a trial .
It just said that the judge did n't want to conduct the trial personally since it only involved misdemeanors , so he assigned the case to a magistrate .
There has n't been any " deal " yet .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... nikto said on 5/25/2010 @ 12:37 pm PT ...
Another community group , Detroit Declaration , has developed a land - use policy that proposes setting up urban farming and reducing the size of lots for building to encourage housing development known as in - fill .
Image Janet Jones , a bookstore owner , is cautious .
“ We have a lot of history of things being promised , land being taken , ” she said .
Credit ... Fabrizio Costantini for The New York Times
Yet another proposal has come from Mr. Ogden ’s group , Next Detroit Neighborhood Initiative , which calls for an intensive intervention to prop up the city ’s strongest areas , the city ’s tax base and community anchors , which are just starting to suffer after weathering decades of storms .
“ It ’s really about reorganizing our land to make a more livable city , ” said Tom Goddeeris , an architect who lives in the vibrant northwest part of the city and is a longtime advocate of rethinking Detroit .
“ I do n’t know that it ’s ever been done before on our scale , but we ’ve got to get started . ”
Despite the energy poured into rethinking the city by a half dozen groups , there are limits to how much those outside government can accomplish .
There are both political and financial obstacles to putting any of the plans into effect .
For instance , though many of the plans presented to the city for consideration aim to create density in viable neighborhoods by consolidating and relocating residents from dying or dead neighborhoods , most do not go so far as to say which areas they would choose for destruction .
Those decisions , group leaders said , are for the city to make .
“ What we believe is that it should be data driven , in collaboration with residents , ” said Anita Lane , director of programs at Community Development Advocates of Detroit .
Any process for redesigning the city , she said , “ needs to have all the stakeholders coming together to take ownership for this . ”
Thanks to recent developments in Nintendo 64 emulation a variety of texture - enhancement and replacement projects have sprung up .
The most active are ones related to the two Nintendo 64 Zelda titles .
These packs only work under emulation ( and only under 1964 and Project64 at that ) and will not work on a Nintendo 64 or GameCube .
The thumbnails do not do these graphics justice ; even at 1024x768 everything is still smooth ( the original game ran at 320x240 , but emulators can use any resolution your monitor supports ) .
However a much more powerful computer is required due to the vast increase in texture resolution .
For these packs to work with Master Quest the ROM will need to have the internal name THE LEGEND OF ZELDA .
European region ROMs ( which have the internal name ZELDA MASTER QUEST ) will not work .
Patches and tools exist to change the internal name if necessary .
High - Res Zelda Retexture Pack [ edit ]
Originally called Federelli's High - Res Texture Pack , this project contains contributions from many avid fans and is still under construction .
The aim is to replace every single graphic element with a faithful high - resolution equivalent .
Federelli has since handed over project management to KMan , and it continues to develop .
Version : unknown
Discuss : EmuTalk.net , see also this thread .
Even the title screen and its moon have been given spruce - ups .
The changes in quality of both text and world details is startling .
Emulation also allows for higher screen resolutions , or even widescreen as shown in this shot .
Djipi's Cel Zelda [ edit ]
Kakariko Village , with Navi showing off the new graphical elements
This graphics pack makes the game look as much like The Legend of Zelda : The Wind Waker as possible .
Because models cannot yet be replaced all changes are limited to textures only .
mdta & Community OoT Re-texturing in Twilight Princess Style [ edit ]
This new project aims to make the game look as much like The Legend of Zelda : Twilight Princess as possible .
A Government Minister is dimissing suggestions that there wo n't be enough money to pay social welfare benefits .
According to reports this morning , the fund from which social welfare payments are taken , has run dry for the first time in 13 years .
Minister for Social Protection Eamon O'Cuiv admits that there is no surplus now , like there was in the Celtic Tiger era , but he is adamant there is money there to meet payments .
Minister O'Cuiv said this is not the first time money has been pumped into this fund .
As Congress allows extended unemployment benefits to expire
Hewlett - Packard slashes 9,000 jobs
By Hiram Lee
2 June 2010
Hewlett - Packard will cut 9,000 jobs from its customer service sector and plans to spend up to $ 1 billion to increase automation of those services in order to remain competitive with IBM .
This is the latest wave of job cuts at Hewlett - Packard since Mark Hurd became the company ’s CEO in 2005 .
Since assuming that post , Hurd has announced plans to eliminate more than 48,000 jobs .
While Hurd claims his company cannot afford these workers if it is to remain competitive , he himself continues to rake in tens of millions of dollars as CEO .
Hurd ’s total pay in 2009 alone was $ 24,201,448 .
The thousands of workers laid off from Hewlett - Packard and other companies will now face greater difficulty in keeping their heads above water thanks to the expiration of extended unemployment benefits June 1 .
While the House of Representatives passed a bill May 28 to continue the program , the Senate left for a week - long vacation without taking any action on the legislation .
This is the third time Congress has left unemployed workers in the lurch this year .
Workers on extended benefits will have to wait until at least the week of June 7 , when the Senate resumes session , and there is no certainty that extended benefits will be restored , let alone made retroactive for the week already lost .
Under the Emergency Unemployment Compensation ( EUC ) program , there is a four - tier system put in place to regulate the payment of emergency benefits .
The first tier provides workers who have run out of ordinary unemployment benefits with emergency payments for up to 20 weeks .
A recipient of emergency benefits cannot move to the next tier under the program until he or she has exhausted all the emergency funds from the previous tier .
Because the Senate took no action on the House bill that voted to extend EUC funding , the program will expire this week , leaving hundreds of thousands of unemployed workers who have run out of funds and were awaiting transfer to the next tier with no income until the Senate returns from its vacation and votes on the bill .
While the jobs bill passed by the House will extend emergency unemployment benefits through November , it also eliminates essential programs aimed at relieving the financial burden on unemployed workers .
In preparing the bill for a vote , House leaders dropped an extension of subsidies for COBRA , the federal plan that assists newly unemployed workers in retaining the health insurance plans provided by their employers for several months after the loss of a job .
The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 reduced the premiums workers must pay under COBRA , offering 65 percent subsidies to aid newly unemployed workers in retaining health insurance benefits .
That subsidy has been eliminated under the new bill .
No worker laid off after May 31 will now be eligible for assistance with COBRA insurance payments .
Without these subsidies , many will lose their health insurance because they can no longer afford their premiums .
House leaders also removed from the bill a proposed $ 24 billion increase in federal subsidies to state Medicaid programs , a decision that will have a devastating impact on the ability of low - income families in the US to access quality health care .
Speaker Nancy Pelosi , Democrat from California , claimed that the House would return to COBRA and the aid to state governments when Congress returns from its current recess .
In the light of sharp opposition within the Democratic Party from so - called “ Blue Dog ” right - wingers to both measures , there is no reason to have confidence in Pelosi ’s assurances .
These cuts come at a time when there is no halt to joblessness , with layoffs continuing to mount and millions of workers finding themselves in need of assistance .
According to the Labor Department , 6.7 million workers in the US are suffering long - term unemployment , meaning they have been out of work for six months or longer .
The official unemployment rate in the US as a whole stands at 9.9 percent ; there are some 27 million people unemployed or underemployed .
A recent report on mass layoffs from the Bureau of Labor Statistics found that “ Employers took 1,856 mass layoff actions in April that resulted in the separation of 200,870 workers , seasonally adjusted , as measured by new filings for unemployment insurance benefits during the month . ”
Rather than expanding benefits available to workers , Congress is imposing austerity measures .
While the bill cuts significantly the funds that would assist unemployed workers in obtaining access to health care , it is generous in providing tax breaks to big business .
The bill sets aside $ 28.5 billion in subsidies and tax breaks for corporations and other special interest groups .
Workers wo n’t receive COBRA benefits , but NASCAR racetrack owners stand to receive nearly $ 40 million in tax write - offs .
The House and Senate , along with the Obama administration , have collectively demonstrated a callous indifference toward the fate of the unemployed .
With layoffs already at record numbers and still increasing , relief is nowhere to be found .
As of the 2008 elections , according to the Center for Responsive Politics , there were 238 millionaires in Congress , more than 44 percent of the total .
US Senators serving in 2008 had a median reportable worth of $ 1.79 million .
Enlarge Reading a high - concept book about surprising changes in the human brain would seem , by definition , to tax the brain .
Then add this twist :
The primary alteration in the brains of Internet users is the difficulty of concentrating on high - concept books from the first page to the final page .
So , imagine how much a reviewer ( me ) who uses the Internet often might struggle with a book like The Shallows : What the Internet Is Doing to Our Brains .
Well , I am pleased to report I made it to the final page , and I found the struggle worthwhile .
Nicholas Carr , a veteran writer about technology , is not sanguine about what he learned about his own Internet - infused brain , much less my brain .
" What can science tell us about the actual effects that Internet use is having on the way our minds work ? " he asks .
His answer , iterated throughout this often repetitive but otherwise excellent book : " The news is even more disturbing than I had suspected .
Dozens of studies by psychologists , neurobiologists , educators and Web designers point to the same conclusion :
When we go online , we enter an environment that promotes cursory reading , hurried and distracted thinking and superficial learning .
It 's possible to think deeply while surfing the Net , just like it 's possible to think shallowly while reading a book , but that 's not the type of thinking the technology encourages and rewards . "
Carr cites numerous studies to delineate not only the impact on the brain , but also the alterations in brain biology that lead to the impact .
It turns out the human brain is a shape shifter , the technical term being " neuroplasticity . "
The phenomenon is not easy to explain , but Carr is adept at explaining with as little jargon as possible .
" As particular circuits in our brain strengthen through the repetition of a physical or mental activity , they begin to transform that activity into a habit . "
It is not enough for Carr to explain the contemporary brain alterations linked to regular Internet use .
He puts neuroplasticity into historical context .
He explains how the evolution of a written alphabet , accompanied by development of a standardized syntax ( the order of words within a phrase or sentence ) altered the human brain .
A big difference exists neurologically , it seems , between hearing a story and reading a story on a page .
Reading became more efficient .
Readers became more attentive .
" To read a long book silently required an ability to concentrate intently over a long period of time , to ' lose oneself ' in the pages of a book , " according to Carr .
Developing that sort of discipline evolved slowly .
Because of the Internet , that evolution is halting and apparently reversing .
Sure , Internet users are literate , and highly developed literacy will not disappear .
But , Carr notes , in meshing hard science with his personal experience circa 2010 , " The world of the screen ... is a very different place from the world of the page .
A new intellectual ethic is taking hold .
The pathways in our brains are once again being rerouted . "
Readers do not need to accept Carr 's conclusions on faith .
The studies he mentions are available to anybody .
And not just in academic journals or books .
Many , probably most , of them show up somewhere online .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
However , it also pointed out that various countries in the euro area were particularly exposed to each other – both in terms of sovereign and private debt .
Banks headquartered in Britain had larger claims on Ireland ( $ 230 billion , £ 158 billion ) than banks based in any other country .
Britain has a $ 150 billion ( £ 103 billion ) exposure to Spain .
By Janos Racz
Science - fiction is a genre with endless possibilities .
The unpredictability of the future gives tremendous freedom to creative minds , so it ’s no wonder that many artists find this style so appealing .
So much so that most 3D galleries have a whole separate section for sci - fi scenes .
In this collection we ’ve brought you some interesting works on the Web .
Impressive spaceship designs and futuristic cities in many forms that show the endless possibilities of imagination and the diversity of this genre .
Make sure you also check out artist ’s portfolios for more gems !
Beautiful 3D Scenes
Future Station by Neil Maccormack
Far from the city by tredowski
Grand Space Opera Entry by Moritz Füllgrabe
Be All My Sins Remember ’d by Diston
The Hub by EStreet
ORBITALS by Edlo
Proto Pegasus by Diston
Atlantis City Daytime by Diston
Trenchtown by Stefan Morrell
The Clouds Will Soon Roll By by BWS
Sunset Soar by SgtHK
Frontier : The Customs by AlexWild
Chopper WIP4 – Geometry by kheng
Lost City IV by jfliesenborghs
The Mall by Frenic
Metropolis 2106 by Thmc
aircraft concept 01 by Kerko
Bon Voyage by ChristianBeyer
The Inevitable by Stefan Morrell
1st wave by EhsanA
Une Ville by sanfranguy
Grand Space Opera Winner by Alexander Preuss
About New Times by ChristianBeyer
Cosmo by George Arevshatov
Carrier Concept Final by Kheng
Cityscape by Stefan Morrell
Frontier : The Customs by AlexWild
Battles City by dIeGoHc
DSS : Diplomatic Mission by AlexWild
2263 : Chao Lu Spaceport by AlexWild
3001 by sanfranguy
Space Cruiser by Togman - Studio
Lost city III by jfliesenborghs
D.S.E. delta04 by MarkusVogt
Check out the first few lines in the hit song “ Breakeven ” by the band The Script :
I ’m still alive but I ’m barely breathin ’
Just prayed to a god that I do n’t believe in
‘ Cause I got time while she got freedom
‘ Cause when a heart breaks , no , it do n’t break even
Catchy .
Cute .
You get the gist of the song .
The guy is going through a breakup and he ’s having a hard time getting over the girl .
A few radio stations , however , have decided to use a different version of the song …
These are the first few lines of their version :
I ’m still alive but I ’m barely breathin ’
But no wise words gonna stop the bleedin ’
‘ Cause I got time while she got freedom
‘ Cause when a heart breaks , no , it do n’t break even
Umm … what happened to the line about “ a god you do n’t believe in ” ?
Apparently it ’s too blasphemous to play on air .
This woman is really mad about it :
Are you fucking kidding me ?
I mean , seriously ?
And what really gets me is that when the song first came out , it had the correct lyrics and then all of a sudden , I ’m singing along in the car and look like an even bigger douche than before singing the wrong words .
I mean right words .
So I can only imagine that some self - righteous asshole ( or a few of them ) took to the phones and complained about it .
What the hell is there to complain about ?
Who ’s religiosity did that phrase offend ?
He did n’t say that he does n’t believe in your God and even if he did , who gives a shit ?
Are you that insecure in your own beliefs that you feel the need for others to not have their own perceptions or that you have to fuck with song lyrics in a damn love pop rock ballad ?
Get a fucking life .
I like her .
She seems pleasant .
I ’m not sure if the band allowed this change or not — it ’s possible that the “ radio version ” of the song was rewritten this way to make it more mainstream and marketable .
Still , it seems absurd that the band ca n’t even mention not believing in god without offending someone ’s sensibilities .
I can’t find a copy of the revised radio version anywhere , but if you can get one , please let me know .
( Thanks to Claire for the link ! )
Gerald Rudolph Ford , jr. ( July 14 , 1913 - December 26 , 2006 ) :
Known to his friends as “ Jerry , ” President Ford was born Leslie King , Jr. on 14 July 1913 in Omaha , Nebraska .
After his parents divorced , his mother moved to Grand Rapids , Michigan , and married a prominent business man , Gerald R. Ford , who adopted him and gave him his name .
Gerald Ford , Jr. spent his childhood in Grand Rapids and graduated from the former South High School .
He later earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1935 from the University of Michigan where he was a member of the senior honor society Michigamua .
He received his law degree from Yale University Law School in 1941 , was admitted to the Michigan State Bar that same year , and was admitted to practice before the United States Supreme Court .
In 1965 , he was awarded the honorary degree of Doctor of Laws by Michigan State University and Albion , Aquinas and Spring Arbor Colleges ; in 1968 by Buena Vista and Grove City Colleges ; in 1972 by Belmont Abbey College ( North Carolina ) ; in 1973 by Western Michigan University ; and in 1975 by Southern Methodist University .
He received a Doctor of Public Administration degree from American International College in 1968 .
President Ford was an accomplished athlete .
He won all - city and all - state football honors in Grand Rapids during high school .
While earning three varsity letters , he was a member of the University of Michigan ’s undefeated national championship teams of 1932 and 1933 , and was named Michigan ’s most valuable player in 1934 , playing center .
On New Year ’s Day , 1935 , he participated in the Shrine East - West Crippled Children ’s Benefit Classic in San Francisco .
That August he played in the All - Star game against the Bears in Chicago .
While a
Yale law student , he was assistant varsity football coach .
In 1959 , he was selected by Sports Illustrated to receive its Silver Anniversary All - American Award as one of the 25 football players in the preceding quarter century who had contributed most to their fellow citizens .
In 1972 , he was awarded the National Football Foundation ’s gold medal for close association with the game .
Ford received a commision as ensign in the US Naval Reserve on 13 April 1942 and ultimately served 47 months on active duty during World War II .
His background as a coach and trainer made him a good candidate for instructor in the Navy 's V - 5 ( aviation cadet ) program .
On 20 April , he reported for active duty to the V - 5 instructor school at Annapolis , Maryland .
After one month of training , he went to Navy Preflight School in Chapel Hill , North Carolina , where he was one of 83 instructors and taught elementary seamanship , ordnance , gunnery , first aid , and military drill .
In addition , he coached in all nine sports that were offered , but mostly in swimming , boxing and football .
During the one year he was at the Preflight School , he was promoted to Lieutenant Junior Grade on 2 June 1942 and to Lieutenant on 1 March 1943 .
Applying for sea duty , Ford was sent in May 1943 to the pre-commissioning detachment for a new light aircraft carrier , USS Monterey ( CVL - 26 ) at New York Shipbuilding Corporation , Camden , New Jersey .
From the ship 's commissioning on 17 June 1943 until the end of December 1944 , Ford served as the assistant navigator , athletic officer , and anti-aircraft battery officer on board Monterey .
While he was on board , Monterey participated in many actions in the Pacific with the Third and Fifth Fleets during the fall of 1943 and in 1944 .
In 1943 , the carrier helped secure Makin Island in the Gilberts , and participated in carrier strikes against Kavieng , New Ireland in 1943 .
During the spring of 1944 , Monterey supported landings at Kwajalein and Eniwetok and participated in carrier strikes in the Marianas , Western Carolines , and northern New Guinea , as well as in the Battle of Philippine Sea .
After overhaul , from September to November 1944 , aircraft from Monterey launched strikes against Wake Island , participated in strikes in the Philippines and Ryukus , and supported the landings at Leyte and Mindoro .
Although the ship was not damaged by the Japanese forces , Monterey was one of several ships damaged by the typhoon , which hit Admiral Halsey 's Third Fleet on 18 - 19 December 1944 .
The Third Fleet lost three destroyers and over 800 men during the typhoon .
Monterey was damaged by a fire which was started by several of the ship 's aircarft tearing loose from their cables and colliding during the storm .
During the storm , Ford narrowly missed being a casualty himself .
As Ford headed for his battle station on the bridge of the ship in the early morning of 18 December , the ship rolled twenty - five degrees which caused Ford to lose his footing and slide toward the edge of the deck .
The two inch steel ridge around the edge of the carrier slowed him enough so he could roll and twist into the catwalk below the deck .
As he later stated , " I was lucky ; I could have easily gone overboard . "
After the fire , Monterey was declared unfit for service and the crippled carrier reached Ulithi on 21 December before preceding across the Pacific to Bremerton , Washington , where it underwent repairs .
On Christmas Eve 1944 at Ulithi , Ford was detached from the ship and sent to the Navy Pre-Flight School , St. Mary 's College , California , where he was assigned to the Athletic Department until April 1945 .
One of his duties was to coach football .
From the end of April 1945 to January 1946 , he was on the staff of the Naval Reserve Training Command , Naval Air Station , Glenview , Illinois , as the Staff Physical and Military Training Officer .
On 3 October 1945 , he was promoted to Lieutenant Commander .
In January 1946 , he was sent to the Separation Center , Great Lakes , Illinois , to be outprocessed .
He was released from active duty under honorable conditions on 23 February 1946 .
On 28 June 1963 , the Secretary of the Navy accepted Ford 's resignation from the Naval Reserve .
Returning to Grand Rapids after the war , Ford resumed law practice .
In 1948 , he received the Grand Rapids JayCees Distinguished Service Award for work in various community projects .
The following year he was named one of “ America ’s Ten Outstanding Young Men ” by the US Junior Chamber of Commerce and received its Distinguished Service Award .
On 15 October 1948 , he married Elizabeth Bloomer of Grand Rapids .
The Fords had four children : Michael Gerald ( born 15 March 1950 ) ; John Gardner ( 16 March 1952 ) ; Steven Meigs ( 19 May 1956 ) ; and Susan Elizabeth ( 6 July 1957 ) .
President Ford was a member of Grace Episcopal Church , Grand Rapids .
He maintained active membership in the American Legion , Veterans of Foreign Wars and AMVETS , and was a 33rd Degree Mason .
Congressional Service
During his first term , Congressman Ford was named to the House Public Works Committee .
In 1951 he was assigned to the Appropriations Committee where he served on the Army Civil Functions Subcommittee and the Emergency Agency Subcommittee .
During the 83rd and 84th Congresses , he was a member of the Subcommittees on Foreign Operations and the Department of Defense and was on the Army Panel serving as Panel chairman in the 83rd Congress .
During the 85th Congress , he was appointed to the Select Committee on Astronautics and Space Exploration .
Congressman Ford remained a member of both the Defense and Foreign Operations Subcommittees of the House Appropriations Committee throughout the 85th , 86th , 87th and 88th Congresses .
He was senior Republican on the Defense Subcommittee before becoming Minority Leader .
Congressman Ford served as a member of the Republican Leadership in Congress beginning in January 1963 ; was chairman of the Republican Conference of the House during the 88th Congress ( 1963 - 64 ) and had been a member of the House Republican Policy Committee for over nine years .
On 4 January 1965 he was chosen Minority Leader of the House of Representatives at the opening of the 89th Congress .
In November 1972 he was re-elected to his thirteenth consecutive term as a member of Congress , having served since 3 January 1949 , but he resigned 6 December 1973 to become Vice President .
He maintained an attendance record of over 90 percent throughout his 24 - year tenure .
Vice Presidency ( 6 December 1973 - 9 August 1974 )
Congressman Ford was nominated on 12 October 1973 to succeed Spiro T. Agnew as Vice President .
His nomination was confirmed by the Senate on 27 November 1973 by a vote of 92 to 3 and by the House on 6 December 1973 , by a vote of 387 to 35 .
He was sworn in as Vice President on 6 December 1973 , the first person to be so selected according to provisions of the 25th Amendment to the Constitution .
Presidency ( 9 August 1974 - 20 January 1977 )
When he entered the White House in 1974 , Gerald Rudolph Ford , Jr. became the fourth consecutive President to have served in the US Navy .
He was the first vice president in American history to succeed to the nation 's highest office because of the resignation of a president , and he was the first person to occupy the White House without being elected either president or vice president .
President Ford 's administration is notable for many events , the most controversial probably being the pardon of former President Richard M. Nixon .
On 8 September 1974 , only a month after being sworn in , President Ford signed Proclamation 4311 which granted " a full , free , and absolute pardon unto Richard Nixon for all offenses against the United States which he ... committed or may have committed or taken part in during the period from January 20 , 1969 through August 9 , 1974 . "
The pardon , which angered many Americans , ultimately contributed to national healing and reconciliation .
President Ford subsequently announced an amnesty program for draft dodgers and deserters of the Vietnam War era .
About one fifth of the approximately 106,000 men eligible applied for amnesty under the program .
The year 1975 brought new challenges to Ford 's presidency .
In April 1975 , the Vietnam War ended when the Republic of ( South ) Vietnam was conquered by the communist Democratic Republic of ( North ) Vietnam .
President Ford requested from Congress $ 700 million in emergency military aid for South Vietnam , but when his request was rejected he arranged for American assistance in evacuating American allies and other refugees from that country .
Nearly 100,000 refugees subsequently settled in the United States .
In May 1975 , an international incident occurred when the US merchant ship Mayagüez was seized by Cambodian communist Khmer Rouge forces in the Gulf of Thailand .
President Ford chose to respond aggressively to this communist challenge and 200 US Marines were landed on the island of Koh Tang .
After bloody fighting on the island between the Khmer Rouge and US Marines , all 39 crew members of Mayagüez were released .
President Ford survived two separate assassination attempts in California in September of 1975 .
In the 1976 election , President Ford narrowly won the Republican presidential nomination , having been challenged by former Governor Ronald Reagan of California .
His Democratic opponent was former Governor Jimmy Carter of Georgia .
For only the second time in US history , a series of debates between the presidential candidates was televised nationally .
Ultimately , Jimmy Carter defeated President Ford by 1.7 million votes and a narrow margin in the electoral college .
Living in Rancho Mirage , California , President Ford remained physically and socially active after leaving the White House .
He published his autobiography , A Time to Heal , in 1979 .
The Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library and Museum is located in Ann Arbor , Michigan .
President Ford died at his home on 26 December 2006 .
Notable honors
- In November 1963 was named by President Lyndon Johnson to the Warren Commission .
- Author ( with John R. Stiles ) of the book , Portrait of the Assassin ( 1965 ) .
- Served as permanent chairman of the 1968 and 1972 Republican National Conventions .
- As Minority House Leader delivered some 200 speeches annually throughout the country .
- Visited the People ’s Republic of China in late June and early July 1972 on behalf of the President .
- Lauded as a “ Congressman ’s Congressman ” by the American Political Science Association when it conferred on him its Distinguished Congressional Service Award in 1961 .
- Was presented the George Washington Award by the American Good Government Society in May 1966 .
- Chosen by the American Academy of Achievement to receive the Golden Plate Award as one of fifty “ giants of accomplishment , ” presented during the Academy ’s 10th annual Salute to Excellence in June 1971 .
- Selected to receive the AMVETS Silver Helmet Award , that group ’s highest recognition of Congressional service , at ceremonies in Washington in April 1971 .
Service Record
13 April 1942 : Commissioned Ensign , US Naval Reserves
20 April 1942 - May 1942 : Under instruction , US Naval Academy
May 1942 - May 1943 : US Navy Pre-Flight School , Chapel Hill , North Carolina
May 1943 - June 1943 : Outfitting and commissioning of USS Monterey ( CVL - 26 ) , New York Shipbuilding Corporation , Camden , New Jersey
June 1943 - December 1944 : Assistant Navigator on USS Monterey ( CVL - 26 )
December 1944 - April 1945 : Athletic Department of Navy Pre-Flight School , St. Mary 's College , California
April 1945 - January 1946 : Staff Physical and Military Training Officer , Naval Reserve Training Command , Naval Air Station , Glenview , Illinois
January 1946 - February 1946 : Separated at Great Lakes Naval Training Center , Great Lakes , Illinois
23 February 1946 : Date of release from the US Navy
28 June 1963 : Resigned
Medals and Awards
For his naval service in nine combat operations , Lieutenant Commander Ford earned the Asiatic - Pacific Campaign Medal with eight battle stars for actions in the Gilbert Islands , Bismarck Archipelago , Marshall Islands , Asiatic and Pacific carrier raids , Hollandia , Marianas , Western Carolines , Western New Guinea , and the Leyte Operation .
He also received the Philippine Liberation with two bronze stars for Leyte and Mindoro , as well as the American Campaign and World War II Victory Medals .
( source : US Naval Historical Center )
Thanks to a tweet from Tiago Charters de Azevedo , I learned today that Mozilla ’s CVS tree still contains the original implementation of Javascript written in Common Lisp .
I always found interesting to see examples of Lisp being used in places most people would n’t dream of ( even if later it ’s replaced by another language implementation ) .
The README states :
“ js / semantics contains experimental code used to generate LR ( 1 ) and LALR ( 1 ) grammars for JavaScript as well as compile and check formal semantics for JavaScript .
The semantics can be executed directly or printed into either HTML or Microsoft Word RTF formats .
This code is written in standard Common Lisp .
It ’s been used under Macintosh Common Lisp 4.0 , and Allegro Common Lisp 5.0.1 for Windows , but should also work under other Common Lisp implementations . ”
Now I need to take a look at this code more carefully , just for the fun of it !
Think of it as a kind of prehistoric Prada : Archaeologists have discovered what they say is the world ’s oldest known leather shoe .
Perfectly preserved under layers of sheep dung ( who needs cedar closets ? ) , the shoe , made of cowhide and tanned with oil from a plant or vegetable , is about 5,500 years old , older than Stonehenge and the Egyptian pyramids , scientists say .
Leather laces crisscross through numerous leather eyelets , and it was worn on the right foot ; there is no word on the left shoe .
While the shoe more closely resembles an L. L. Bean - type soft - soled walking shoe than anything by Jimmy Choo , “ these were probably quite expensive shoes , made of leather , very high quality , ” said one of the lead scientists , Gregory Areshian , of the Cotsen Institute of Archaeology at the University of California , Los Angeles .
It could have fit a small man or a teenager , but was most likely worn by a woman with roughly size 7 feet .
( According to the Web site www.celebrityshoesize.com, that would be slightly roomy for Sarah Jessica Parker , whose Manolo Blahniks are size 6 ½ , and a tad tight for Sarah Palin , who , during the 2008 campaign , wore red Double Dare pumps by Naughty Monkey , size 7 ½. )
A POPULAR social networking site has been shown to have some serious privacy issues - and this time it 's not Facebook .
ChatRoulette pairs random couples from across the globe in webcam conversations , which can be ended as soon as one loses interest and heads off in search of another random conversation .
If that happens to you , consider yourself " nexted " .
It was launched in November , and in just six short months , now claims nearly two million users and up to 50,000 people chatting at any one time .
Created by a 17 - year - old Russian student Andrey Ternovskiy , ChatRoulette has already created an impressive cast of celebrities and controversy ( nudity features heavily and according to one study , one in eight spins features something R- rated or worse ) .
But while its creators have taken some steps to stamp out offensive content , user privacy is now being questioned .
The site claims to keep its users anonymous , but one website - www.chatroulettemap.com - has found a way to capture users ' IP address .
Chatroulettemap does n't post that IP address on a map - anymore - but it will post your pic and a good enough idea of your location for you to be recognised .
If you want your image removed from Chatroulettemap , you have to email them the request along with a photo that matches that on the site .
Does Chatroulette care that its users are being recorded ?
Not according to Chatroulettemap , which claims Ternovskiy has contacted them and " finds the site enjoyable " .
The map is updated when Chatroulettemap decides the numbers are worth it .
Just what Chatroulettemap plans to do with all the information it is collecting is anyone 's guess , but at least one post in its FAQ section point to it using images in the future for a " rate - my - image " purpose .
Sanna Nyassi has seen difficult challenges before .
The prospect of staring across the field at his twin brother Sainey Nyassi and the New England Revolution on Saturday at Qwest Field is no daunting matter .
Especially when compared to battling a life - threatening disease while he was young .
The Sounders FC midfielder contracted malaria at 16 and battled the deadly disease for two weeks in his native Gambia .
It is a fatal disease in Africa , where upwards of 1 million people die from the mosquito - borne disease each year .
After infection , victims lose their appetite and vomit frequently .
For Nyassi , that meant a steady stream of support from his family , particularly his mother .
“ My mom was there for me day - in and day - out .
She took me to the hospital and forced me to eat and made sure I survived , ” Nyassi said , adding that his brother ’s support was important to his state of mind .
“ He was always beside me until I recovered . ”
That horrifying experience , which struck Nyassi twice and his brother once is why he has lent his support to the Nothing But Nets program ( www.nothingbutnets.net) to help prevent the spread of malaria by putting bed nets into every child ’s home in Africa .
“ I feel so proud , ” said Nyassi , 21 .
“ Having gone through the sickness , I know a lot about malaria – how it feels when you contract that disease .
I feel good working together with the Seattle community to help people back in Africa and fight against malaria . ”
His efforts thus far have earned him MLS Works Humanitarian of the Month honors for April and helped the Sounders FC raise over $ 23,000 for Nothing But Nets in 2009 .
On the field , Nyassi is showing improvement over his initial MLS campaign in 2009 .
Last season , he made 14 appearances and played 305 minutes .
Already this season , he has started in three of his eight appearances and notched 314 minutes .
He has yet to get on the scoreboard in league play , but in five US Open Cup matches last season he scored one goal and assisted two others as the Sounders won the Open Cup in their inaugural season .
The increased playing time is a testament to his work in the off - season and a bump in his confidence after playing for the first time with the Gambian National Team .
There , for the first time , he started alongside his brother Sainey and scored his first international goal in a friendly .
“ It was a good experience .
When we played on the U - 17 and U - 20 , he started and I came off the bench .
During the off - season it was the first time both of us started , ” he said .
That time on the international stage also added some versatility to his game .
Playing almost exclusively on the right side for his whole career , a move to the left wing opened up some playing time for him with Gambia and has added to his arsenal with the Sounders .
“ I feel more confident on the left , but it does n’t matter what side I ’m on , ” Nyassi said .
“ As long as I can get the ball at my feet I can do whatever I want to do with the ball . ”
This week Sanna Nyassi and the Sounders FC ( 3 - 5 - 3 , sixth in the West ) will host Sainey Nyassi and the New England Revolution ( 3 - 6 - 2 , fourth in the East ) in a 7:30 kickoff at Qwest Field .
It could mark the first time the twin brothers have lined up on opposite sides of the ball – and offers Sanna a chance at revenge on his brother .
“ Last year they came here and beat us .
We went there , they beat us .
He ’s still bragging about it .
He told me last night that they ’re just going to repeat the same thing , ” said Sanna , who did n’t play in either meeting .
“ I told him they are n’t going to get away with that this year . ”
This type of banter is not atypical for the duo .
Growing up , they frequently placed themselves on opposing teams in their pickup games on the streets of Bwiam in Gambia .
Those meetings hardened both players on the pitch and fueled their desire for competition .
“ Nobody wants to lose between us .
We are so competitive .
When we used to play in the streets we were always on separate teams and whoever loses gets mad , ” Sanna said .
“ It feels different because we are on different teams .
But if I have to tackle him , I will to help my team win . ”
A young man who was sitting inches from Oscar Grant when he was fatally shot by a former BART police officer said Monday that the officer , Johannes Mehserle , had blurted out a common term of shock .
" I remember Officer Mehserle saying , ' Oh s- , I shot him , ' " Carlos Reyes testified at Mehserle 's murder trial .
Grant , meanwhile , " kind of looked back and said , ' You shot me .
You shot me , ' " Reyes recalled .
On the third day of trial , jurors were taken as close as they have been to the shooting on Jan. 1 , 2009 , at BART 's Fruitvale Station in Oakland .
But they were given a picture open to interpretation , as both the prosecution and defense hope Reyes ' testimony helps them .
Reyes bolstered the prosecution 's central argument when he said that the unarmed Grant - his friend of about a decade - never resisted Mehserle , 28 , as he tried to handcuff him after a fight on a train .
At the same time , the defense believes Mehserle 's immediate reaction to the shooting proves their assertion that he meant to subdue Grant with a Taser when Grant would n't give up his hands .
Confused under pressure , Mehserle accidentally pulled out and fired his service pistol , the defense says .
Jurors also learned Monday that minutes before the shooting , Grant spoke to his girlfriend .
Although Grant and his friends had been detained , and were sitting against a station wall surrounded by officers , Grant picked up when Sophina Mesa called his cell phone .
' They 're beating us '
" He picked up my call and he said , ' They 're beating us up for no reason , I 'll call you back . '
And then he hung up , " Mesa testified .
She said Grant , with whom she was raising a daughter , had sounded scared .
Deputy District Attorney David Stein believes the phone call supports his contention that a fearful Grant , 22 , would not have resisted officers .
Defense attorney Michael Rains went after Mesa during cross-examination , saying her testimony - including her assertion that she and Grant had not gone to a party earlier in the night - did n't match independent evidence .
He displayed a log of calls from her phone to Grant 's early that New Year 's Day .
The log showed two calls , one at 2:05 a.m. and the other at 2:09 a.m. - two minutes before Mehserle shot Grant .
Mesa said she remembered one call .
Mesa had been on the Dublin - Pleasanton train with Grant , but had exited at Fruitvale and had gone downstairs before trying to call Grant , she told jurors .
She said she had tried to call Grant several times but that he had picked up only once .
She soon heard a gunshot , then saw Grant being loaded into an ambulance , she said .
Mesa also said Grant had told her several times on previous occasions that he never wanted to be shocked with a Taser again - this after a 2006 incident in which San Leandro police chased him and shocked him to subdue him .
A point seized upon
Rains seized on the detail .
Did Grant tell you , he asked , that he had been shocked only after fleeing and disobeying police orders ?
" No , " Mesa responded .
After Rains asked the question three different ways - more pointedly each time - Judge Robert Perry cut him off .
The prosecution also called witnesses to the shooting , including three women who were riding BART together that night as they returned home from San Francisco .
Each said she had seen no resistance before the shooting , either by Grant or his friends .
And they expressed disgust at the shooting and at what they called the aggressive approach of BART officers in detaining the young men .
Anthony Pirone , the former BART officer who detained Grant and made the decision to arrest him , was " very angry , very hostile and very mean , " said Pamela Caneva .
She said Pirone at one point asked Grant , " You f-ing taking a picture of me ? "
When he was shot , " It did n't seem like Grant was doing anything except laying there , " said Caneva 's friend , Lydia Clay .
However , Caneva also said Mehserle struggled to handcuff Grant .
" I thought , he must be strong , " Caneva said of Grant .
In 1984 , the Gillette Company launched a new series of TV commercials for its Dry Idea antiperspirants that introduced what eventually became one of the famous ad slogans of all time :
“ Never let them see you sweat . ”
According to the Gillette ’s trademark registration for the slogan , it was “ first used in commerce ” on June 7 , 1984 .
( Given as “ 19840607 ” in the official listing in the United States Patent and Trademark Office database . )
The TV commercials and companion magazine print ads featured celebrities who each mentioned three “ nevers ” for their profession — the last of which always included “ never let them see you sweat . ”
This highly catchy slogan is credited to veteran ad man Phil Slott .
Slott was especially hot at the time , having also recently coined the Navy recruiting ad slogan : “ It ’s not just a job , it ’s an adventure . ”
The Dry Idea commercials were memorable not only for their tagline , but also because they were witty and well - performed by the celebrities who were featured .
In case you missed them , here are the scripts for some of the commercials in the series that have been posted on YouTube ( click the links to view the ads ) ...
DONNA KARAN ( Fashion Designer ) : [ NOTE :
This ad is in the clip at about the 3 minute mark . ]
There are three nevers in fashion design .
Never confuse fad with fashion .
Never forget it ’s your name on every label .
And , when showing your lines to the press , never let them see you sweat .
ANNOUNCER : That ’s what new Dry Idea solid is all about .
Maximum control .
It keeps you drier than any other solid .
KARAN : Feeling tense is understandable .
Looking tense is unfashionable .
ANNOUNCER : Dry Idea .
Never let them see you sweat .
DAN REEVES ( Head Coach , Denver Broncos ) : I think there ’s three nevers to being a winning coach .
Never let the press pick your starting quarterback .
Never take a last place team lightly .
And , really , no matter what the score , never let ‘em see you sweat .
ANNOUNCER : That ’s what new Dry Idea aerosol is all about .
It keeps you drier than the leading aerosol .
REEVES : Everyone feels pressure .
Winners do n’t let it show .
ANNOUNCER : Dry Idea .
Never let them see you sweat .
LAUREN HUTTON ( Actress ) :
There are three nevers to getting older in Hollywood .
Never audition first thing in the morning .
Never try to play a character half your age .
And , even if your leading man is prettier than you are , never , never let ‘em see you sweat .
ANNOUNCER : When the spotlight ’s on , no other solid keeps you drier than Dry Idea solid .
HUTTON : Believe me , Dry Idea handles sweat a whole lot better than some people handle birthdays .
ANNOUNCER : Dry Idea .
Never let them see you sweat .
ELAINE BOOSLER ( Comedian ) :
Well , there are three nevers in comedy .
Never follow a better comedian .
Never give a heckler the last word .
And , no matter how bad a joke bombs , though it ’s never happened to me personally , never let ‘em see you sweat .
ANNOUNCER : When you 're center stage , new dry Idea roll - on is the best roll - on there is .
BOOSLER : In comedy , being nervous is natural .
And , looking nervous is deadly .
ANNOUNCER : Dry Idea .
Never let them see you sweat .
By mid-1990s , the ad series had run it ’s course .
Eventually , Gillette let its trademark for the famed slogan expire and sold the Dry Idea line to the Dial Corporation ( now a US division of the German consumer goods conglomerate , Henkel ) .
But the line “ Never let them see you sweat ” is still quoted , repurposed and parodied today .
* * * * * * * * * *
Comments ?
Corrections ?
Post them on the Famous Quotations Facebook page .
The Earth and Moon were thought to have been formed nearly 4,537 million years ago but new research suggests they were created much later .
The Earth and Moon were created as the result of a giant collision between two planets the size of Mars and Venus .
Until now it was thought to have happened when the solar system was 30 million years old .
But a study done by the Niels Bohr Institute shows that the Earth and Moon must have formed much later – perhaps up to 150 million years after the formation of the solar system .
The findings of the study appear in the journal , Earth and Planetary Science Letters .
“ We have determined the ages of the Earth and the Moon using tungsten isotopes , which can reveal whether the iron cores and their stone surfaces have been mixed together during the collision ” , said Tais W. Dahl , who did the research as his thesis project in geophysics at the Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen in collaboration with professor David J. Stevenson from the California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) .
The planets in the solar system were created by collisions between small dwarf planets orbiting the newborn sun .
In the collisions the small planets melted together and formed larger and larger planets .
The Earth and Moon are the result of a gigantic collision between two planets the size of Mars and Venus .
The two planets collided at a time when both had a core of metal ( iron ) and a surrounding mantle of silicates ( rock ) .
The collision took place in less than 24 hours and the temperature of the Earth was so high , that both rock and metal must have melted in the turbulent collision .
Until recently it was believed that the rock and iron mixed completely during the planet formation and so the conclusion was that the Moon was formed when the solar system was 30 million years old or approximately 4,537 million years ago .
But new research shows something completely different .
The age of the Earth and Moon can be dated by examining the presence of certain elements in the Earth ’s mantle .
Hafnium - 182 is a radioactive substance , which decays and is converted into the isotope tungsten - 182 .
The two elements have markedly different chemical properties and while the tungsten isotopes prefer to bond with metal , hafnium prefers to bond to silicates , i.e. rock .
It takes 50 - 60 million years for all hafnium to decay and be converted into tungsten , and during the Moon forming collision nearly all the metal sank into the Earth ’s core .
“ We have studied to what degree metal and rock mix together during the planet forming collisions .
Using dynamic model calculations of the turbulent mixing of the liquid rock and iron masses we have found that tungsten isotopes from the Earth ’s early formation remain in the rocky mantle ” , said Tais W. Dahl , Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen .
The new studies imply that the Moon forming collision occurred after all of the hafnium had decayed completely into tungsten .
“ Our results show that metal core and rock are unable to emulsify in these collisions between planets that are greater than 10 kilometres in diameter and therefore that most of the Earth ’s iron core ( 80 - 99 percent ) did not remove tungsten from the rocky material in the mantle during formation ” , said Tais W. Dahl .
This means that the Earth and the Moon must have been formed not 30 million years after the formation of the solar system 4,567 million years ago but perhaps up to 150 million years later .
Kozar Cool Blog
Tom Megginson of Change Marketing and Kandirra sent us a stunning example of the objectification of women in advertising .
It ’s a commercial for Rosgosstrakh , the largest insurance company in Russia , advertising their car insurance .
How do they do so ?
By painting pictures of vehicles on ( headless ) women ’s breasts and showing various hands fondling / smushing / jiggling them .
Reader lizardbreath pointed out that showing breasts on TV would n’t be as shocking in a lot of cultures as it would be in the U.S. , which I think is a valid point .
What makes it seem objectifying to both of us is n’t just the breasts themselves , but the headless women ( so you have disembodied breasts ) .
I also noticed that at one point a woman pushes the ( also disembodied ) male hands away , which implies she ’s being groped when she does n’t want to be .
Russian companies are on a roll .
Here ’s a commercial found at Copyranter for Avianova :
No phallic imagery there .
Nosiree .
And for the Altay Tire Company ( also from Copyranter ) :
Gwen Sharp is an associate professor of sociology at Nevada State College .
You can follow her on Twitter at @gwensharpnv .
I am glad that someone compiled a list of all of the unanswered questions that the Lost producers / writers left when the show ended .
I do n’t really care about the answers to most of these but watching it irritates me that they jerked us around with the Dharma / Others / Walt / 4 - toed statue crap when it did n’t matter at all .
Oh , and the fucking numbers and the whole ARG thing .
“ All of this matters ” , Jack ?
Uh , no .
Skip to comments .
Burgers go way of booze as US general Stanley McChrystal bans junk food
Timesonline ^ | March 30 , 2010 | Jerome Starkey , Kabul
Posted on by granite
First he banned booze in his Kabul headquarters .
Now the notoriously austere commander of US and Nato forces has a new target in his war on terror : ice cream and fast food .
General Stanley McChrystal , the former commander of Special Forces in Iraq , who runs eight miles a day , eats one meal and sleeps for only four hours a night , has given orders to close the junk food concessions on Nato bases .
No longer will the fighter pilots at Bagram or Kandahar airfields be able to ring Pizza Hut to deliver .
Once General McChrystal has his way , the Whoppers will be off the menu : Burger Kings at both locations are to close .
Even the newly opened TGI Fridays on the boardwalk in Kandahar is to close its doors once its contract expires .
 This is a war zone , not an amusement park ,  wrote Command Sergeant - Major Michael T. Hall in a military blog .
( Excerpt ) Read more at timesonline .co.uk ...
TOPICS :
Culture / Society
Extended News
Foreign Affairs
News / Current Events
KEYWORDS :
bhodod
fastfood
mcchrystal
militarybase
nannystate
nato
neoprohibition
To : granite
First he banned booze in his Kabul headquarters .
Was this out of sensitivity to Islamic law ?
To : granite
muslim rules
by 3 posted onby Carley ( Are you better off than you were four trillion dollars ago ? )
To : granite
What a fascist .
These guys are risking their lives out there , they ought to be able to have a pizza , burger , and beer at least .
The soldiers must hate him .
by 4 posted onby HerrBlucher ( END THE WAR ON LIBERTY ! )
To : granite
That ’s it .
Destroy one of the few perks our troops have when away from home .
by 5 posted onby DoughtyOne ( Il Douche ' and his Douche Baggers will save us ... )
To : granite
His personal habits , which made him an exceptional human being , are going to make him a bad leader .
The troops need and deserve their diversions .
To : a fool in paradise
Read the article .
In September General McChrystal banned alcohol at his headquarters after complaining that too many staff had hangovers .
To : HerrBlucher
 This is a war zone , not an amusement park , 
by 8 posted onby misterrob ( Have you tea bagged a liberal today ? )
To : granite
Stanley McChrystal :
To : granite
News Flash !
All female fighter pilots at Bagram will be required to wear the burkha on missions over Afghani soil out of respect for Islam .
How the hell you`re gonna wear your oxygen mask is your problem .
To : HerrBlucher
I am disappointed .
I think our troops should enjoy what few pleasures may be available , including beer , pizza & smokes .
My opinion of the good general is declining .
To : a fool in paradise
Was this out of sensitivity to Islamic law ?
Yes , let 's have a Kumbaya session in his office .
by 12 posted onby granite ( A government big enough to give you everything you want is strong enough to take everything you have )
To : elli1
If he was in Iraq he did n't ban the booze .
General Order # 1 did .
To : misterrob
Morale sir ?
No problem !
I told all the men to improve or I would throw them all in the brig !!!
Problem solved !!!
Someone take this frigging wingnut OUT of a joint command and sic him back on the snake eaters that love him .
What a total frigging MORON !!!
To : granite
It ’s a war zone , dammit
And the donut dollies will now be serving carrot sticks
by 15 posted onby silverleaf ( Karl Marx was NOT one of America 's Founding Fathers )
To : granite
Ban everything you want ......... but win the damn war !
Stand up to obama not burger king !
Kill the enemy bring the boys home !
Nuke a mountain range I do n't care but win this or end it !
by 16 posted onby Kakaze ( Exterminate Islamofacism and apologize for nothing ..... except not doing it sooner ! )
To : gov_bean_ counter
First he banned booze in his Kabul headquarters .
To : granite
I bet this a$ $hole ’s turds are only allowed to be excreted if they are a regulation five cm cube in shape and have the consistency of granite .
To : elli1
A general that demands that his men act like soldiers in a combat theater instead of being stationed in a peacetime base ?
The nerve ..... /s
by 19 posted onby misterrob ( Have you tea bagged a liberal today ? )
To : elli1
Sorry , been a long day .
Surprised Afghanistan is n’t also covered by GO # 1 .
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Introduction to Buddhism - Ven. Bhikkhu Bodhi
Ven. Bhikkhu Bodhi’s ( Bhikkhu Bodhi Interview ) popular 10 - lecture series an " Introduction to Buddhism " has been distributed on cassette tapes for over 20 years .
The program contains detailed lectures on the core , original teachings of the Buddha ...
In 1981 while residing at the Washington Buddhist Vihara , Bhante Gunaratana , then the President of the Buddhist Vihara Society , suggested he record the lectures so that the Vihara could distribute them as a set of cassette tapes .
Today , the lectures are considered " public domain " for anyone to copy and distribute freely .
We recommend that you first listen to them in their proper sequence ...
Talks are MP3 files - Free Download .
1 ) The Buddha - MP3 - 1:23 min - 19 MB
2 ) The Four Noble Truths - MP3 - 1:21 min - 18.6 MB
3 ) The Nature of Existence - MP3 - 1:18 min - 18 MB 4 ) Dependent Origination - MP3 - 1:15 min - 17.2 MB
5 ) Rebirth and Kamma - MP3 - 1:23 min - 19.1 MB
6 ) Nibbana - MP3 - 1:16 min - 17.5 MB
7 ) Eightfold Path - MP3 - 1:19 min - 18.1 MB
8 ) Meditation - MP3 - 1:23 min - 19 MB 9 ) Social Teachings of Buddha - MP3 - 1:17 min - 17.7 MB
10 ) The Sangha - MP3 - 1:18 min - 17.9 MB
___ ___ ___ ___ ___ The Nobel Eightfold Path
eBook - 122 Pages - ( 1.2 MB ) - Free Download
The Noble Eightfold Path — by Bhikkhu Bodhi Amazon.com - Reader Review :
This book really took me to the next level of my understanding of the Buddhist eightfold path .
Which is : Right View ( understanding ) , Right Intention ( Thought ) , Right Speech , Right Action , Right Livelihood , Right Effort , Right Mindfulness , Right Concentration .
It really explains what Buddhists mean by each of these stages based on the original language the Buddhist scriptures were written in .
I also like the authors translation of the first two into view and intention , a lot of times they are translated as understanding and thought .
These words brought me to a much better understanding .
The author also touched on the wisdom of dispensing with the false ego and understanding how the five aggregates are what we really are feelings , perceptions , consciousness , material form , and mind formations .
This book will probably be a little advanced for first time readers of Buddhist philosophy but if you have an understanding of the 4 noble truths and have read the Dhammapada and are ready for the next level , you can't get better than this condensed wisdom in 122 pages .
I am different now from having read it .
One of the best explanations of the Eightfold path in print today ...
The present book aims at contributing towards a proper understanding of the Noble Eightfold Path by investigating its eight factors and their components to determine exactly what they involve .
Bhikkhu Bodhi is concise , using as the framework for his exposition the Buddha 's own words in explanation of the path factors , as found in the Sutta Pitaka of the Pali Canon .
- The Nobel Eightfold Path / Free Download
___ ___ ___
Majjhima Nikaya @ Amazon.com Majjhima Nikaya - The Middle Length Discourses of the Buddha
Bhikkhu Bodhi's edition of Ven. Nanamoli's translation of the Majjhima Nikaya .
Amazon.com Reader Review : Hard work , diligent effort , and a commitment to share the Dharma , all combine into this one book .
This is an extensive piece of work .
Bhikkhu Bodhi has compiled the Middle Length Discourses of the Buddha into a fine reference guide for us all to enjoy .
The discourses , which are talks that the Buddha gave , were chanted for over a hundred years after the passing of the Buddha and were eventually written down .
They were written in the same form as the chants , which offer many repetitions , which like any song / chant , makes it easier to remember .
I would not suggest this to be the first book on Buddhism or the Buddha 's teachings for most people unless you are a scholarly type .
There are numerous wonderful books available that would benefit most people before delving into such a comprehensive book .
That being said , once you have done some reading and want to explore the teachings of the Buddha in more depth , this is the perfect book .
For me , I feel this is as close to the original teachings of the Buddha as we can get , now some 2,500 + years later .
I find myself returning to this book often .
Reading a discourse , and then contemplating and seeing how it applies in my life , brings much happiness and joy .
Audio Files in MP3 - Bhikkhu Bodlhi Teaching the Majjhima Nikaya - Free Download A Systematic Study of the Majjhima Nikāya / “ Exploring the Word of the Buddha ” / Taught by Bhikkhu Bodhi Download Page - Click Here - Listen online or download the MP3
This audio course delves into the direct teachings of the Buddha himself as preserved in some of the oldest records of his discourses .
As the themes of the Buddha ’s discourses are mutually implicative and closely interwoven , it will not take long for the earnest student to acquire a clear sense of the fundamental framework of the teachings .
The student is given a detailed overview of all the major teachings of Early Buddhism , including : * Life of the Buddha
* Fundamental Ethics
* Meditation and Mind - training
* Nature of True Wisdom ___ ___ ___
A Guide to the Tipitaka - The Majjhima Nikaya - by Professor Ko Lay The ' Majjhima Nikaya ' is a collection of medium length discourses made up of one hundred and fifty two suttas in three books known as pannasa .
The first book , Mulapannasa , deals with the first fifty suttas in five vaggas , the second book , Majjhimapannasa consists of the second fifty suttas in five vaggas too ; and the last fifty two suttas are dealt with in five vaggas of the third book , Uparipannasa , which means more than fifty .
The suttas in this Nikaya throw much light on the social ideas and institutions of those days , and also provide general information on the economic and political life .
I. Mulapariyaya Vagga ( 1 ) Mulapariyaya Sutta
The Buddha explained the basis of all phenomena , specifying twenty four categories such as the four elements ( earth , water , fire , wind ) ; sentient beings , devas ; the seen , the heard , the thought of , the known ; the oneness , the multiplicity , the whole ; and the reality of Nibbana .
The uninstructed worldling cannot perceive the true nature of these phenomena ; only the enlightened ones can see them in true perspective .
( 2 ) Sabbasava Sutta
In this discourse , mental intoxicants that beset the uninstructed worldling are defined , and seven practices for eradicating them are explained .
( 3 ) Dhammadayada sutta
This sutta contains two separate discourses , the first one given by the Buddha , the second by the Venerable Sariputta .
The Buddha urged the bhikkhus to receive as their legacy from him the Bodhipakkhiya Dhamma only , and not material things like the four requisites .
The Venerable Sariputta advised the bhikkhus to lead a solitary life for attainment of jhana and to strive for the attainment of Nibbana by abandoning greed , ill will , and delusion .
( 4 ) Bhayabherava Sutta
This discourse describes how a bhikkhu leading a solitary life in a secluded forest invites harm and danger to himself by his impure thoughts , words and deeds , and how the Buddha had lived a peaceful forest life harmlessly by cultivating pure thoughts , words and deeds which finally led him to enlightenment .
( 5 ) Anangana Sutta
In this discourse given on the request of the Venerable Maha Moggallana , the Venerable Sariputta explained four types of individuals : ( i ) an impure person who knows he is impure ; ( ii ) an impure person who does not know he is impure ; ( iii ) a pure person who knows his own purity ; ( iv ) a pure person who does not know his own purity .
( 6 ) Akankheyya Sutta
This sutta describes how a bhikkhu should develop sila , samadhi and panna , instead of hankering after gain and fame ; how he should restrain his faculties , seeing danger in the slightest fault .
( 7 ) Vattha Sutta
In this discourse the Buddha explained the difference between an impure mind and a pure mind by giving the example of dirty cloth and clean cloth .
Only the clear cloth will absorb dye ; so also only the pure mind will retain the dhamma .
( 8 ) Sallekha Sutta
In this discourse the Buddha explained to Maha Cunda how wrong views about atta and loka can be removed only by vipassana insight .
Jhanic practice is not the austerity practice that removes moral defilements ; jhanic practice only leads to a blissful existence .
Only refraining from forty - four kinds of bad deeds constitutes austerity practice for removing moral defilements .
The volition alone to do a good deed is enough to produce a good result ; when it is accompanied by the actual deed , the beneficial result accruing is immeasurable .
One immersed in the mire of sensuous impurities cannot rescue others immersed likewise in the mire .
( 9 ) Samma - ditthi Sutta
This discourse is an exposition on the right view delivered by the Venerable Sariputta at Savatthi .
When physical , verbal and mental actions are motivated by greed , hatred and delusion , they are deemed to be bad .
When they arise through non-greed , non-hatred and non-delusion , the actions are deemed to be good .
Right View is understanding what a good deed is and what a bad deed is ; it is the full comprehension of the Four Noble Truths and not holding on to eternity views concerning atta .
( 10 ) Mahasatipatthana Sutta
This discourse given at Kammasadhamma market town is the most important sutta which gives practical guidance for cultivation of mindfulness .
It describes the Four Methods of Steadfast Mindfulness , namely , contemplating the body , contemplating sensation , contemplating the mind , and contemplating the dhamma as the one and only way for the purification of beings , for the overcoming of sorrow and lamentation , for the complete destruction of pain and distress , for the attainment of the Noble Magga and for the realization of Nibbana .
II .
Sihanada Vagga ( 1 ) Culasinhanada Sutta
In this discourse , given at Savatthi , the Buddha made the bold statement that the four Categories of Ariyas , namely , the Stream - winner , the Once- returner , the Non-returner and the Arahat exist only in his Teaching and not in any other .
( 2 ) Mahasihanda Sutta
In this discourse , given at Vesali , the Venerable Sariputta reported to the Buddha about the disparagement of the Buddha 's virtues made by Sunakkhatta who had left the Teaching .
The Buddha said that Sunakkhatta was not intellectually equipped to have the faintest glimpse of the Buddha 's virtues such as the Ten Strengths , the four kinds of supreme Self - Confidence , the Non-decline of Sabbannuta Nana till the time of parinibbana .
He then described the five destinations and the actions which lead to them as well as the wrong beliefs and practices of the naked ascetics to whose camp Sunakkhatta now belonged .
( 3 ) Mahadukkhakkhandha Sutta
This discourse was given at Savatthi to refute the naked ascetics when they tried to make out that they followed the same path and taught the same dhammas the Buddha .
The Buddha also explained to the bhikkhus what the pleasures of the senses wore , what their faults and dangers were , and the way of escape from them .
The Buddha explained further that outside of his Teaching , these dhammas were not known and no one but the Buddha and his disciples could teach such dhamnas .
( 4 ) Culadukkhakkhandha Sutta
This discourse , given by the Buddha , at Kapilavatthu to the Sakyan Prince Mahanama to explain to him on his request , how greed , ill will and ignorance caused moral defilements and suffering .
( 5 ) Anumana Sutta
This discourse was given by the Venerable Maha Moggallana to many bhikkhus at Susumaragira in the country of Bhagga .
They were urged to see if they had purged themselves of sixteen kinds of stubbornness such as inordinate desire , humiliating others while praising oneself , wrathfulness , etc .
If these sixteen kinds of unwholesome dhammas were detected in oneself , a determined effort should bo made to get rid of them .
( 6 ) Cetokhila Sutta
This discourse , given by the Buddha at Savatthi , mentions the five kinds of mental thorns : doubt about the Buddha , doubt about the Dhamma , doubt about the Sahgha , doubt about the efficacy of the practice in sila , samadhi and panna , ill will and animosity towards fellow bhikkhus .
It also mentions the five fetters : attachment to sensual desires , attachment to oneself , attachment to material objects ; immoderation in eating and sleeping , and adopting the holy life with the limited objective of attaining to blissful existences only .
These mental thorns and fetters are obstacles to liberation from dukkha .
They should be removed and eradicated for realization of Nibbana .
( 7 ) Vanapattha Sutta
This discourse , given at Savatthi , is concerned with tha choice of a suitable place for a bhikkhu .
A bhikkhu has to depend on a forest glade or a village , or a town or an individual for his residence and support .
If he finds out any particular place is not satisfactory for his spiritual development or for material support , he should abandon that place at once .
If he finds it satisfactory with respect to material support , but not beneficial for spiritual development , he should abandon that place , too .
But when it proves beneficial for spiritual development , even if the material support is meagre , the bhikkhu should stay on in that place .
When conditions are satisfactory both for spiritual development and material support , he should live for the whole of his life in such a place .
( 8 ) Madhupindika Sutta A Sakyan Prince named Dandapani , once asked the Buddha at Kapilatthu what doctrine he taught .
The Buddha replied that his doctrtne was one which could not be grasped by any brahman nor by the Mara .
It is this : not living in discord with any one in the world ; not obsessed by sense impressions ( sanna ) ; not troubled by doubts ; and rot craving for any form of existence ( 9 ) Dvedavitakka Sutta
This discourse was given by the Buddha at Savatthi to explain two kinds of thinking : wholesome and unwholesome .
Bhikkhus should practise to see the advantages of engaging in wholesome thoughts and the dangers of unwholesome thoughts .
( 10 ) Vitakkasanthana Sutta
This discourse was given by the Buddha at Savatthi on how to combat the arising of unwholesome thoughts with wholesome thoughts .
For example , greed and sensuous thoughts should be banished by contemplating on unpleasentness and impermanency of the object of desire ; illwill and hatred must be countered by thoughts of loving - kindness ; and ignorance may be overcome by seeking illumination and guidance from the teacher .
III .
Opamna Vagga ( 1 ) Kakacupama Sutta
This discourse was given by the Buddha at Savatthi in connection with Bhikkhu Moliyaphagguna who was friendly with bhikkhunis .
When others censured him for being too friendly with bhikkhunis , he lost his temper and broke into quarrel with bhikkhus who criticized him .
When the Buddha admonished and advised him to keep away from bhikkhunis and to control his temper , he remained recalcitrant .
The Buddha showed the harmfulness of ill temper and advised other bhikkhus to keep a tight check on their temper , not losing it even when some one was sawing away their limbs into bits .
( 2 ) Alagaddupama Sutta
This discourse was given by the Buddha at Savatthi .
Bhikkhu Arittha misunderstood the Buddha 's Teaching and maintained that the Buddha showed how to enjoy sensuous pleasure without jeopardising one 's progress in the Path .
When the Buddha remonstrated with him for his wrong views he remained unrepentent .
The Buddha then spoke to the bhikkhus on the wrong way and the right way of learning the dhamma , giving the simile of a snake catcher , and the simile of the raft .
( 3 ) Vammika Sutta
This discourse was given by the Buddha at Savatthi .
Venerable Kumarakassapa was asked by a deva a set of fifteen questions which he brought to the Buddha for elucidation .
The Buddha explained to him the meaning of the questions and assisted him in their solution .
( 4 ) Rathavinita Sutta
This sutta recounts the dialogue between the Venerable Siriputta and the Venerable Punna at Savatthi on the seven stages of purity , such as purity of sila , purity of mind , purity of view etc. , that must be passed before attainment to Nibbana .
( 5 ) Nivapa Sutta
This discourse was given by the Buddha at Savatthi on the snares that waylay bhikkhus on their path , making use of the simile of the hunter , the hunter 's followers , the green pasture and four different herds of deer .
The hunter was likened to Mara , the hunter 's crowd to Mara 's followers , the green pasture he had set up to the sensuous pleasures , and four different herds of deer to four different types of recluses who left homelife .
( 6 ) Pasarasi Sutta
This sutta given by the Buddha at Savatthi is also known by the name of Ariyapariyesana Sutta .
The Buddha recounted his life from the time he was born in the human world as the son of King Suddhodana till the moment of the great discourse on the Turning of the Wheel of Dhamma , giving details of his renunciation , initial wrong practices of severe asceticism and final discovery of the Noble Path of Eight Constituents .
In particular , stress was laid on two different types of quests , the Noble and the Ignoble .
He explained that it was extremely unwise to go after sensual pleasures which subject one to ageing , disease and death .
The most noble quest was to seek out that which will liberate one from ageing , disease and death .
( 7 ) Culahatthipadopama Sutta
This sutta was given by the Buddha at Savatthi .
The Brahmin Janussoni asked the wandering ascetic Pilotika , who had just come back from the Buddha , whether he knew all the virtues and accomplishments of the Buddha .
The wandering ascetic replied that only a Buddha who could match another Buddha in attainments could know all the virtues of the other .
As for him , he could only exercise his imagination in this respect just as a hunter would judge the measurements of an elephant from the size of its footprints .
Later when the Brahmin Janussoni went to see the Buddha , and recounted his conversation with the wandering ascetic the buddha told him that the size of an elephant 's footprint might still be misleading .
Only when one followed the footprints , and the animal was seen grazing in the open , its true measurements could be accurately judged .
So also the virtues of the Buddha and his Teaching could be fully appreciated and understood only when one followed his Teaching and practised as taught by him until the final goal of Arahatship was reached .
( 8 ) Mahahatthipadopama Sutta
This discourse was given by the Venerable Sariputta to the bhikkhus at Savatthi using the simile of the elephant 's footprint .
He explained that just as the footprint of all animals could be contained within the footprint of an elephant , all wholesome dhammas were comprised in the Four Noble Truths .
( 9 ) Mahasaropama Sutta
This discourse was given by the Buddha at Rajagaha in connection with Devadatta who remained contened with gain and fame because of his attainment of supernormal powers and left the Teaching to cause schism in the Order .
The Buddha said that this Teaching was not for the purpose of gain and fame which were like the external shoots and branches of a tree ; nor just for the accomplishment in sila which may be likened to the outer crust of a tree ; nor for mere establishing of concentration to achieve supernormal powers which were like the bark of a tree .
The Dhamma was taught for the attainment of Arahatship , the noble liberation which alone resembled the inner path of a tree .
( 10 ) Culasaropama Sutta
This discourse was givenbythe Buddha at Savatthi in connection with the Brahmin Pingalakoccha who asked the Buddha whether all the six teachers claiming to be Buddhas were really enlightened .
The Buddha explained that the Brahmacariya practice taught by a Buddha led to Arahatship , not just to the achievement of gain and fame , or supernormal powers .
IV .
Mahayamaka Vagga ( 1 ) Culagosinga Sutta
The Venerable Anuruddha , the Venerable Nandiya and the Venerable Kimila were staying in the Gosinga Sal tree woodland .
The Buddha visited them and praised them on their way of living , practising the holy life with perfect harmony and concord amongst themselves , thus forming an adornment to the lovely woodland park .
( 2 ) Mahagosinga Sutta
Once while the Buddha was residing in the Gosinga Sal tree woodland , the Venerable Sariputta asked the Buddha , ' Who would most adorn this woodland park and enhance its beauty ? '
The discourse records the different answers provided by the Venerables Revata , Anuruddha , Maha Kassapa , Maha Moggallana , Sariputta and by the Buddha himself .
( 3 ) Mahagopalaka Sutta
This discourse , given by the Buddha at Savatthi , explains the conditions under which the Teaching would grow and prosper and the conditions under which it would decline and decay .
The example of a cowherd is given .
When a cowherd is equipped with eleven skills of managing and tending his cattle , there is progress and growth in his work .
So also when the bhikkhu is skilled and accomplished in eleven factors such as knowledge of truth about the khandhas , practice of sila , samadhi and panna , etc. , the Teaching will grow and prosper .
( 4 ) Culagopalaka Sutta
This discourse deals with eleven factors , the failure to fulfil which would contribute to the down fall and ruin of the Teaching .
Just as the cattle under the care of an unwise and unskilful cowherd crossed the river from a wrong quay on the bank and met with destruction instead of reaching the other shore , so also the followers of the teachers who were not accomplished in the knowledge of truth , khandhas , etc. , would end up only in disaster .
( 5 ) Culasaccaka Sutta
This discourse , given at Vesali , gives an account of the debate between the Buddha and Saccaka the wandering ascetic on the subject of atta .
Saccaka maintained that rupa , vedana , sanna , sankhara and vivvana were one 's atta .
It was atta which enjoyed the fruits of good deeds and suffered the consequences of bad deeds .
The Buddha refuted his theory , pointing out that none of the khandhas was atta each being subjected to the laws of anicca , dukkha , and anatta , and not amenable to anyone 's control .
Saccaka had to admit his defeat in the presence of his followers .
( 6 ) Mahasaccaka Sutta
The same Saccaka , the wandering ascetic , came again to the Buddha the next day and asked about the cultivation of mind and body .
He knew only the wrong methods of developing concentration .
The Buddha explained to Saccaka the various practices he himself had followed and mistakes he had made until he found the middle Path that finally led him to the realization of Nibbana .
( 7 ) Culatanhasankhaya Sutta
On enquiry by the king of devas how a disciple of the Buddha trained himself to realize Nibbana , the Buddha gave him a short description of how a house holder , after leaving his home , put himself on a course of training that gradually purified his mind of all moral defilements and led him to the final goal .
( 8 ) Mahatanhasankhaya Sutta
A disciple of the Buddha , Sati by name , held the view that the Buddha taught : " The same consciousness transmigrates and wanders about . . "
Other disciples tried to rid him of this wrong view but to no avail .
The Buddha told him that he never taught such wrong views .
He only taught " Consciousness arises out of conditions ; there is no arising of Consciousness without conditions . "
( 9 ) Maha- assapura Sutta
The people of Assapura , a market town of Anga country , were ardently devoted to the Buddha , the Dhamma and the Samgha , helping and assisting the members of the Order by offering them the bhikkhu requisites .
Out of gratitude for such support , the Buddha urged the bhikkhus to make strenuous efforts in their training and practice of Dhamma , gradually going up stage by stage : starting from avoiding evil deeds by restraint of physical and vocal actions , to proceed to mental restraint through meditation , then progressing towards attainment of four stages of jhana , and finally to the stage where all moral defilemsnts were eliminated and Nibbana was attained .
( 10 ) Cula - assapura Sutta
Out of gratitude for the support given by the lay devotees of Assapura , a market town in the country of Anga , the buddha urged the bhikkhus to be worthy of the name of samana and brahmana .
Samana means one who has stilled his passions ; brahmana one who has rid him self of defilements .
A bhikkhu should therefore subject himself to the course of discipline and practice as laid down by the Buddha until he had eliminated the twelve defilements such as envy , ill will , deceit , wrong views .
etc. V. Culayamaka Vagga ( 1 ) Saleyyaka Sutta
This exposition was given to villagers of Sala on ten demeritorious deeds that would lead to states of misery and woe and ten meritorious deeds that would give rise to rebirth in happy realms .
( 2 ) Veranjaka Sutta
This discourse was given to the householders of Veranja dealing with identical subjects as in the Saleyyaka Sutta .
( 3 ) Mahavedalla Sutta
The Venerable Mahakotthika asked many questions to the Venerable Sariputta at Savatthi regarding an Uninstructed , person with no panna , and instructed persons with panna ; many questions on vinnana and vedana , on the difference between panna and vinnana , and many other things .
The Venerable Sariputta obliged him with detailed answers .
( 4 ) Culavedalla Sutta Theri Dhammadinna was asked many questions by the householder Visakha about personality , Sakkaya , the origin of Sakkaya , the cessation of Sakkaya and the way leading to cessation of Sakkaya .
All the questions were satisfactorily answered by the Theri . ( 5 ) Culadhammasamadana Sutta
This sutta describes four practices involving : ( i ) happy living now , followed by dire consequences in the future ; ( ii ) unhappy living now , followed by dire consequences in the future ; ( iii ) unhappy living now , followed by a happy life in the future ; ( iv ) happy living now , followed by a happy life in the future .
( 6 ) Mahadhammasamadana Sutta
In this discourse , the four practices as described in Culadhammasamadana Sutta are explained with more details giving similes of poisoned fruit juice , delicious cordial and medicinal preparation of cow 's urine .
( 7 ) Vimamsaka Sutta
Any claim to Buddhahood may be put to acid tests as provided in this sutta .
A detailed procedure to scrutinize such claim is laid down here .
( 8 ) Kosambiya Sutta
This discourse on how loving - kindness should be the basis of their relations was given by the Buddha to the bhikkhus of Kosambi who were living in discord because of disagreement over trifling matters .
( 9 ) Brahmanimantanika Sutta
The Brahma Baka held the wrong view of eternity , believing in permanence , stability and endurance .
The Buddha showed him how wrong his belief was .
( 10 ) Maratajjaniya Sutta
This is an account given by the Venerable Maha Moggallana of how Mara once troubled him by causing pains and aches in the stomach .
He had to coax him to stop annoying him by telling him that he had been Marais uncle at the time of Kakusandha Buddha .
( b) Majjhima Pannasa Pali I. Gahapati Vagga ( 1 ) Kandaraka Sutta
This discourse was delivered at Campa in connection with Kandaraka , the wandering ascetic , and Pessa , son of elephant rider , who marvelled at the silence maintained by the huge congregation of bhikkhus , not making any sound , not even a sneeze nor a cough .
The Buddha explained that their silence was due to their accomplishments in samadhi and to their training on four Methods of Steadfast Mindfulness .
The Buddha also elucidated the four types of individuals engaged in meditation .
( 2 ) Atthakanagara Sutta
The householder Dasama of Attahaka wanted to know if there was a single dhamma which could cause liberation and realization of Nibbana .
The Venerable Ananda informed him there was a group of dhammas , eleven in number , namely , the four jhanas , the four Brahmavihara practices and Akasanankayatana , Vinnanancayatana , Akincannayatana .
Contemplating the impermanent nature of each of those dhammas would lead one to Nibbana .
( 3 ) Sekha Sutta
This discourse was given by the Venerable Ananda to the Sakyans headed by Prince Mahanama .
The Venerable Ananda explained the path consisting of three steps , sila , samadhi and panna to be followed by an aspirant to higher knowledge culminating in the knowledge of cessation of asava ( 4 ) Potaliya Sutta Potaliya had left worldly affairs behind with a view to lead the holy life .
When the Buddha saw him dressed in ordinary everyday attire , the Buddha addressed him as ' Gahapati ' , householder , which Potaliya resented .
The Buddha explained to him that in the vocabulary of the Vinaya one was said to have cut oneself off from the world only when one refrained from killing , stealing , telling lies , slandering , and only when one was abstemious , not conceited , and controlled in one 's temper .
( 5 ) Jivaka Sutta
This discourse was given at Rajagaha in connection with Jivaka , the great physician , who enquired whether it was true that the Buddha ate the meat of animals killed purposely for him .
The Buddha told him that he had made it a rule for the bhikkhus not to partake of any meat which they saw or heard or had reason to suspect to be especially prepared for them .
Further , a bhikkhu should not show eagerness for food nor be greedy in eating ; he should eat with reflection that he took the meal only to sustain the body in order to pur sue the path of liberation .
( 6 ) Upali Sutta
A prominent , wealthy lay disciple of Nigantha Nataputta was sent by his master to meet the Buddha and defeat him in argument on certain aspects of the Theory of Kamma .
Whereas the Nigantha stressed on the physical and vocal actions being more productive of resultant effects , the Buddha maintained that it was volition or mental action that was paramount .
By means of his discourse the Buddha converted Upali , and overwhelmed by intense wrath over the loss of his most prominent disciple , Nataputta died .
( 7 ) Kukkuravatika Sutta
This discourse , given by the Buddha to two naked ascetics named Punna and Seniya at the market town of Koliya , deals with four kinds of actions and four kinds of resultant effects arising therefrom : ( i ) black deed leading to black result , ( ii ) white deed leading to white result , ( iii ) deed which is both black and white leading to result which is both black and white and ( iv ) deed which is neither black nor white leading to result which is neither black nor white .
( 8 ) Abhayarajakumara Sutta Prince Abhayarajakumara was sent by Niganttha Nataputta to ask the Buddha whether he uttered unpleasant words about the destiny of Devadatta .
The Buddha enumerated six modes of utterances out of which he would make two modes of utterances : words which are true , profitable but not pleasant to others and words which are true , profitable and pleasant to others .
( 9 ) Bahuvedaniya Sutta
This discourse was given at Savatthi to explain the various kinds of vedana , which might be two in number : sukha and dukkha vedanas or three in number by including the upekkha vedana or five , six , eighteen or thirty six , or one hundred and eight , depending on the method of enumeration .
Ordinarily sensations that arise from pleasures of the senses are regarded as sukha , or happiness .
But the Buddha explains that the acme of happiness is attainment of nirodha samapatti .
( 10 ) Apannaka Sutta
This discourse was given by the Buddha to the villagers of Sala in the country of Kosala who had not yet accepted any of the teachings taught by leaders of the various sects visiting their village .
The Buddha showed them the right path which would not lead them astray .
The wrong views of the sectarians were contrasted against the right views propounded by the Buddha ; the disadvantages of wrong views , and the advantages of right views were explained .
II .
Bhikkhu Vagga ( 1 ) Abalatthikarahulovada Sutta
In this discourse , given at Rajagaha , the Buddha exhorted his son Rahu1a , a samanera aged seven , on the necessity of observing the fundamental noral precept of truthfulness , and of practising mindfulness , by giving the similes of the upturned water pot , the royal elephant and the mirror .
( 2 ) Maharahulovada Sutta
This discourse on the five khandhas , was given at Savatthi by the Buddha to Rahula at the age of eighteen .
The Venerable Sariputta also taught Rahula the meditation on anapana .
The Buddha further explained to him the advantages of Anapana meditation and gave him another discourse on the four great elements .
( 3 ) Culamalukya Sutta
This discourse was given at Savatthi to the bhikkhu Malukya .
Bhikkhu Malukya interrupted his meditation one afternoon , went to the Buddha and asked him the well known classical questions :
Is the universe eternal or not etc. ; is the soul the same as the body , is soul one thing and body another , etc. ; does life exist after death , or does it not exist after death .
The Buddha explained to him that the practice of the holy life did not dapend upon these views .
What ever view one may hold about them , there would still be birth , ageing , decay , death , sorrow , lamentation , pain , grief , distress .
The Buddha said that he taught only about dukkha , the cause of dukkha , the cessation of dukkha and the way leading to the cessation of dukkha .
( 4 ) Mahamalukya Sutta
This discourse was given to bhikkhu Malukya at Savatthi to explain the five fetters , namely , personality belief , doubt , attachment to wrong practice , sensual desires and ill will , which lead beings to lower destinations .
( 5 ) Bhaddali Sutta
This discourse , given at Savatthi , is an exhortation to bhikkhu Bhaddali who refused to obey the disciplinary rule of not eating after midday and in the evening ; the Buddha explained why bhikkhus in the Teaching should respect the disciplinary rules laid down by him .
( 6 ) Latukikopama Sutta
This discourse was given to the Venerable Udayi. in connection with observance of disciplinary rules and precepts .
When the five strengths ( balas ) , namely , faith , energy , mindfulness , concentration and insight are not well developed , the bhikkhu finds even a paltry restraint like refraining from eating meals in the afternoon and in the evening very irksome and onerous .
But when the five Balas are fully developed , even stringent rules can be observed without any difficulty or discomfort ( 7 ) Catuma Sutta
This discourse was given at Catuma to the disciples of the Venerable Sariputta and the Venerable Maha Moggallana , who came with five hundred bhikkhus to see the Buddha .
The five hundred bhikkhus made a lot of noise while settling down .
The Buddha refused to see them at first , but later relented and taught them the dangers in the life of a bhikkhu .
Just as there are dangers and hazards in a sea like stormy waves , crocodiles , whirlpools , and sharks , so also there are dangers against which the bhikkhu must be always on guard , namely , ill will against those who instruct them and guide them ; dissatisfaction with training rules such as those concerning taking of meals or dealing with womenfolk ; and pleasures of senses .
( 8 ) Nalakapana Sutta
This discourse was given to the Venerable Anuruddha and to the villagers of Nalakapana to explain that unless a bhikkhu had attained the higher stages of Magga and Phala , accomplishments in supernormal psychic powers may prove to be harmful to him .
The Buddha him self talked about the destinations of the departed persons not to earn praise and admiration but to arouse enthusiasm and faith in his disciples .
( 9 ) Goliyani Sutta
This discourse was given at Rajagaha by the Venerable Sariputta to Goliyani Bhikkhu concerning eighteen dhammas which a forest dwelling bhikkhu should observe .
( 10 ) Kitagiri Sutta
This discourse was given at the market town of Kitagiri on the advantages of taking meals only before noon and the disadvantages of eating in the evening .
III .
Paribbajaka Vagga ( 1 ) Tevijjavaccha Sutta Vacchagotta , the wandering ascetic , questioned the Buddha whether it would be true to say that Sabbannuta Nana was constantly and continuosly present to him all the time , while walking or standing , asleep or awake .
The Buddha replied that it would not be true to say so .
It would be true to say only that the Buddha was accomplished in the three kinds of knowledge , namely , knowledge of the past , power of divine seeing , and knowledge of liberation .
( 2 ) Aggivaccha Sutta
This discourse was given by the Buddha at Savatthi in connection with Vacchagotta who approached the Buddha quite often to ask many questions about atta .
On this occasion too he asked the Buddha whether there was atta , whether atta was permanent , etc .
The Buddha told him he held no theories about atta because he had seen the nature of things as they really were .
Then he explained to him the dhamma in some detail ..
( 3 ) Mahavaccha Sutta
This discourse was given by the Buddha toVaccha gotta at Rajagaha .
On his visit to the Buddha after a long interval , Vacchagotta no longer troubled the Buddha with his speculations about atta , loka etc. ; in stead , he requested to be taught on good and bad deeds ( Kusalakusalam Kammam ) in brief .
The Buddha explained to him the dhamma on good and bad deeds in brief as well as in detail .
Vacchagotta became a disciple of the Buddha and received admission into the Order .
Then practising the dhamms as instructed , he ultimately attained Arahatship , realizing Nibbana .
The problems of atta , loka etc. , no longer obsessed him .
( 4 ) Dighanakha Sutta
This important discourse was given by the Buddha in the Sukarakhata cave near Rajagaha , to Dighanakha , the wandering ascetic , a nephew of the Venera ble Sariputta , in order to remove his wrong views of annihilation .
As the Buddha taught him the dhamma on contemplation of the body and contemplation of sensation ( sukha , dukkha , adukkhamasukha ) , his uncle the Venerable Sariputta was standing behind the Buddha , fanning him .
It was only fifteen days ago that the Venerable Sariputta had been admitted into the Order by the Buddha .
While following the progress of the discourse , as though sharing the food prepared for another , the Venerable Sariputta advanced rapidly from the stage of a Sotapanna which he had already reached , and attained the perfect state of Arahatship with the fourfold Analytical Knowledge ( Patisambhida Nana ) .
At the end of the discourse his nephew , the wandering ascetic Dighanakha , became a Sotapanna .
( 5 ) Magandiya Sutta
This discourse was given by the Buddha at the market town of Kammasadhamma in the Kuru country in connection with Magandiya , the wandering ascetic , who resented the Buddha 's criticism of his wrong beliefs .
The Buddha exhorted him to practise control of the senses and sensuous thoughts .
He told the wandering ascetic the story of his renunciation , how he had left his luxurious palaces and how , on discovering the Truth , he found happiness in Arahattaphala which was far superior to any of the sensuous pleasures .
Magandiya gave up his wrong views to become a disciple of the Buddha .
( 6 ) Sandaka Sutta
This discourse was given at Kosambi to Sandaka , the wandering ascetic , and his followers by the Venerable Ananda .
The Venerable Ananda explained to them the four wrong views of sect - leaders who held there was no existence after death , that there was no evil nor good , no cause for any phenomena , and that there are only aggregate of seven elements .
Finally he taught the wandering ascetics the dhamma as expounded by the Buddha .
As a consequence of his teaching , Sandaka and his followers abandoned their wrong views and became disciples of the Buddha .
( 7 ) Mahasakuludayi Sutta
At one time the Buddha and his company of bhikkhus were residing at Rajagaha where six leaders of sects were also spending the rains with their respective followers .
Then Udayi , the wandering ascetic , who was visited by the Buddha , extolled the virtues of the Buddha saying that other leaders were sometimes criticised even by their followers , whereas the Buddha was the exception .
Even if the Buddha 's disciples left the Order , they did not find fault with the Buddha nor the Dhamma .
They only blamed themselves for not being able to follow his Teaching .
Udayi attributed this difference in reverential respect enjoyed by the Buddha to five aspects of his virtues .
The Buddha rejected Udayi 's enumeration of his virtues which were mostly attributed to ascetic practices , and explained to him the real cause of the total veneration bestowed on him by his followers .
( 8 ) Samanamundika Sutta
The wandering ascetic Uggahamana , son of Samana mundika , was teaching that any recluse who refrained from wrong deed , wrong word , wrong thought , and wrong livelihood was a fully accomplished Arahat .
The Buddha rejected his assertion , saying that in that case , even an infant sleeping innocently upon his bed could claim to Arahatship .
He then explained that it was only the Noble Path of Eight Constituents leading to Right Knowledge and Right Liberation that could bring about realization of Arahatship .
( 9 ) Culasakuludayi Sutta
This discourse was given at Rajagaha .
The wandering ascetic Sakuludayi asked the Buddha many questions about atta and sila , and the Buddha explained to him the practice in the Teaching beginning with the precept of not taking the life of a being and ending with the realization of Nibbana .
( 10 ) Vekhanasa Sutta
This discourse was given at Savatthi .
The Buddha explained to Vekhanasa , the wandering ascetic , how happiness accruing from spiritual attainments was superior to that derived from sensuous pleasures .
The Buddha also gave the assurance that any honest worker who would follow his instructions sincerely could enjoy the bliss of spiritual attainments .
IV .
Raja Vagga ( 1 ) Ghatikara Sutta
This discourse , given by the Buddha while journeying in Kosala , recounts the story of high devotion of Ghatikara , the potter , who looked after his blind parents and who at the same time attended upon Kassapa Buddha with utter reverence .
There was also the account of how Ghatikara forcibly pulled along his friend , young Jotipala , to where Kassapa Buddha was , to pay respect .
After hearing the dhamma discourses young Jotipala left the household life to be admitted into the Order by Kassapa Buddha .
This interesting ancient episode that had happened in Kassapa Buddha 's time many aeons ago was recounted to the Venerable Ananda by Gotama Buddha standing on the very spot where once stood , a long , long time ago , the house of Ghatikara , the potter .
The Buddha concluded his story by revealing that young Jotipala was none other than the present Gotama Buddha .
( 2 ) Ratthapala Sutta Ratthapala , the son of a wealthy brahmin obtained his parents ' permission with great difficulty to become a bhikkhu under the guidance of the Buddha .
After twelve years of strenuous endeavour , when he became a full - fledged Arahat , he visited his parents ' home .
His parents attempted to entice him with wealth and wife , back to household life but to no avail .
He taught his parents the law of impermanence , anicca ; he said he saw nothing alluring in the wealth and the wife .
( 3 ) Maghadeva Sutta
This discourse was given at the Royal mango grove at Mithila .
The Buddha told the Venerable Ananda about the noble tradition laid down by the righteous King Maghadeva .
When his hair began to turn white , he gave up the household life leaving his dominions to his eldest son .
This tradition was handed down from king to son for generations and generations , over thousands and thousands of years until the reign of King Nimi .
King Nimi had a son by the name of Kalarajanaka who did not go forth from home life into homelessness when the time came like his predecessors .
Kalarajanaka terminated the noble practice laid down by the tradition .
He thus became the last person of that tradition .
The Buddha revealed that he was the King Maghadeva of that ancient time laying down the noble tradition .
The Buddha said that that noble tradition did not lead to calm , to higher knowledge .
It only led to the realm of Brahmas .
But the noble practice which he was leading now as a Buddha certainly led to the disillusionment with the five khandhas , the abandonment of attachment and the cessation of dukkha ; to calm , higher knowledge , penetrative insight and realization of Nibbana .
The Buddha then exhorted , " Ananda , continue to follow this good practice which I have laid down .
Let you not be the person with whom my tradition ends . "
( 4 ) Madhura Sutta
This discourse was given by the Venerable Mahakaccana at Madhura , He refuted the brahmins ' claim that only brahmins were noble and superior , and that others were inferior .
He explained to King Madhura that it was one 's Morality , not birth that established one 's nobility .
Anyone whether Brahmin , Khattiya , Vessa or Sudda , committing a wrong deed would be born again in the states of woe ; anyone doing a good deed would be born again in a happy realm .
After this discourse by the Venerable Mahakaccana , King Madhura , formerly of another faith , took refuge in the Buddha , the Dhamma and the Samgha .
( 5 ) Bodhirajakumara Sutta
This discourse was given by the Buddha at Susumaragira in the country of Bhagga in connection with the statement made by Prince Bodhi that " sukha , happiness , cannot be attained through sukha ; sukha can be attained only through dukkha " .
The Buddha said he had also once thought in a similar manner , and recounted the whole story of his renunciation , his struggles with wrong practices , frantic search for the Truth , and ultimate enlightenment .
When asked by the prince how long would it take a bhikkhu to achieve , in this very lifetime , the supreme goal of the holy life , Arahatship , the Buddha stipulated five attributes for the aspiring bhikkhu .
If he was equipped with five attributes : faith , good health , integrity ( not being deceitful ) , unrelenting zeal , and sufficient intellect to understand the phenomena of ' arising and passing away ' , and having the Tathagata as his instructor and guide , a bhikkhu would achieve the Arahatship within seven years at most .
Under the most favourable circumstances he could become accomplished within half a day .
( 6 ) Angulimala Sutta
This discourse , given by the Buddha at Savatthi , describes how Angulimala , the notorious robber and murderer , was tamed by the Buddha , and how he took refuge in the Buddha , the Dhamma and the Samgha .
Although he had the name of Ahimsaka , Non-violence , he was formerly cruel and murderous and was called Angulimala by people .
Being tamed now by the Buddha , he ceased hurting anyone , and started living a life true to his name .
He had become an Arahat .
( 7 ) Piyajatika Sutta
A householder of Savatthi whose son had died went to see the Buddha who told him that dear beloved ones formed a source of sorrow as they brought pain and grief .
The householder was displeased with what the Buddha said .
Gamblers playing with dice just close by the Buddha 's monastery told him differently .
They said that loved ones surely brought joy and happiness .
King Pasenadi concurred with the gamblers but his queen Mallika maintained that only what the Buddha said must be true .
She justified her faith in the Buddha by giving many illustrations of the Buddha 's penetrating and illuminating wisdom .
King Pasenadi was finally won over to her view .
( 8 ) Bahitika Sutta
This discourse was given at Savatthi by the Venerable Ananda to King Pasenadi on the bank of the River Aciravati .
He dealt with unwholesome deeds , words and thoughts which were blameworthy and wholesome deeds , words and thoughts which were praiseworthy .
King Pasenadi was pleased with the discourse and made a gift of cloth from the country of Bahiti to the Venerable Ananda .
( 9 ) Dhammacetiya Sutta King Pasenadi of Kosala once came to see the Buddha .
Entering the dwelling where the Buddha was staying , he fell on his forehead at the feet of the Buddha .
When asked by the Buddha why he was showing such extreme humbleness and respect to the body of the Buddha , the king launched eloquently on a eulogy of the Buddha , praising his virtues .
The Buddha told his bhikkhus that the words uttered by the king constituted a memorial in honour of the Dhamma and urged them to learn this memorial and recite it frequently .
( 10 ) Kannakatthala Sutta
This discourse , given by the Buddha at Urunna , contains answers to King Pasenadi Kosala 's questions about four classes of people and their destinations after death , about Sabbannuta Nana , and about the great Brahma .
V. Brahmana Vagga ( 1 ) Brahmayu Sutta
The Brahmin Brahmayu was one hundred and twenty years old when he heard of the fame of the Buddha .
He sent his disciple Uttara who was well versed in Vedas to find out by examining the thirty two physical characteristics of a great man whether Gotama was indeed an Enlightened Buddha .
On Uttara 's good report testifying to the Buddha having the requisite characteristics of a Buddha , Brahmayu went himself to see the Buddha .
Fully satisfied , after hearing the graduated discourse , that Gotama was indeed an enlightened Buddha , he became a devoted disciple and , achieving the third stage of the Path and Fruition , an Anagami before he passed away .
( 2 ) Sela Sutta Sela was a brahmin of Apana market - town , who on hearing about the fame of the Buddha from Keniya the hermit went to see the Buddha accompanied by three hundred young brahmins .
After hearing a discourse from the Buddha he became fully convinced that he had indeed seen a truly enlightened Buddha .
All of them requested for and received permission from the Buddha to join the Order .
( 3 ) Assalayana Sutta
Some five hundred brahmins who had come to Savatthi on business attempted to challenge the Buddha on his views with regard to the purity and nobility of the four classes of people .
They sent Assalayana , a highly talented young man well - versed in the Vedas , to contest with the Buddha .
The young man 's meeting with the Buddha ended up in his conversion .
( 4 ) Ghotamukha Sutta A discussion took place between the Venerable Udena and a brahmin by the name of Ghotamukha on the subject of the practice of the holy life .
The Venerable Udena described four kinds of persons engaged in ascetic practices .
After the discourse the Brahmin became a disciple of the Venerable Udena and took his refuge in the Buddha , the Dhamma and the Samgha .
( 5 ) Canki Sutta Canki , a brahmin of Opasada Village , came to see the Buddha with a large crowd amongst whom was a young brahmin by the name of Kapatika .
The young man entered into a discussion with the Buddha about the ' Three Vedas ' which had been handed down from generation to generation in unbroken tradition .
The tradition which the brahmins believed to be the only Truth was likened by the Buddha to a line of blind man each one clinging on to the preceding one .
( 6 ) Esukari Sutta
This discourse was given at Savatthi in connection with a brahmin named Esukari .
In this sutta too the Buddha rejected the brahmin classification of society into four classes claiming the highest position for the brahmins .
It was not only the brahmins who could develop loving - kindness , free from enmity and ill will .
Members of other classes also could develop loving - kindness .
It was not birth but the practice of wholesome dhamma that made a person noble .
( 7 ) Dhananjani Sutta Dhananjani was an old devoted lay disciple of the Buddha .
After the death of his first wife who had great faith in the Buddha , the Dhamma and the Samgha , he was no longer diligent in and mindful of the practice of dhamma .
His second wife was without faith in the Teaching of the Buddha .
To maintain his family he resorted to wrongful means of livelihood .
The Venerable Sariputta put him back on the right path .
On his death bed , he sent for the Venerable Sariputta who solaced him with the dhamma .
This caused him on his death to be reborn in the Brahma world .
The Buddha asked the Venerable Sariputta why he had put the old brahmin only on the way to the inferior Brahma world when a higher attainment was possible for him .
( 8 ) Vasettha Sutta
A discussion had arisen between two brahmin youths , Vasettha and Bharadvaja on the origin of a brahmana .
Bharadvaja maintained it was birth , lineage and caste that made a person a brahmana .
Vasettha believed moral conduct and performance of customary duties were essential qualifications to be a brahmana .
They went to the Buddha for settlement of their dispute .
The Buddha told them that a person was not a brahmana just because of his birth if he was full of worldly attachments , or was harnessed to greed , ill will , craving , and ignorance .
A person became a brahmana whatever his birth , when he had cut off his fetters of defilements , removed the obstacles of ignorance and attained the knowledge of the Four Noble Truths .
The most perfect brahmana was an Arahat .
( 9 ) Subha Sutta
This discourse was given on account of Subha , son of the brahmin Todeyya , at Savatthi .
Like other brahmins , Subha believed that only householders could accomplish meritorious deeds in a right manner , not those who had gone forth from the household life .
The occupation of householders produced great benefits whereas the occupation of the recluse brought little benefits .
The Buddha removed his wrong views and Subha became a devoted disciple of the Buddha .
( 10 ) Sangarava Sutta Sangarava was a young brahmin who was full of pride with learning in the Vedas , entertaining wrong views of his birth .
He went to ask the Buddha whether the Buddha claimed , like some samanas and brahmanas , to have attained in this very life , special knowledge and vision , and reached the other shore .
The Buddha explained that there were three kinds of samanas and brahmanas who made such claims : those who made the claim through hearsay , having learnt things by hearsay only ; those who made the claim by mere reasoning and logic ; and finally those who made the claim by personally realizing the penetrative insight of the Dhamma unheard of before .
The Buddha told Sangarava that he was of this third type and recounted how he had become accomplished in the dhamma by practice and self - realization .
( c ) Uparipannasa Pali I. Devadaha Vagga ( 1 ) Devadaha Sutta
This discourse was given by the Buddha at Devadaha in the country of the Sakyans to refute the wrong views of the Niganthas .
The Niganthas believed that whatever a person experienced in this life was caused by former action .
They practised austerity as a penance to put an end to the result of former action .
The Buddha taught them the right path that would lead to the end of suffering .
( 2 ) Pancattaya Sutta
This discourse was given by the Buddha to bhikkhus at Savatthi to explain the wrong beliefs of other sects speculating on whether the world is finite or infinite , etc. ( 3 ) Kinti Sutta
This discourse was given by the Buddha at Pisinara .
The Buddha explained that he taught the dhamma not for the sake of gain , such as robes , alms - food , lodgings , etc. , nor in expectation of future happy existences .
His teachings , namely , the Four Methods of Steadfast Mindfulness , the Four Right Efforts , etc. , in short , the Thirty - seven Factors of Enlightenment were for the attainment of higher knowledge leading to the end of suffering .
Whenever there was a dispute over the doctrine with regard to meanings and words , it should be resolved strictly in accordance with these dhammas .
( 4 ) Samagama Sutta Nigantha Nataputta had recently died at Pava and his followers had split into two groups .
On being informed by Ananda that he was worried lest there be such a schism among the Order , after the passing away of the Buddha , the Buddha taught this discourse on imperfect and perfect teachers and disciples , on disputes and their origin , and on the essentials of his Teaching .
( 5 ) Sunakkhatta Sutta Bhikkhu Sunakkhatta , a former Licchavi prince , once enquired of the Buddha whether all the bhikkhus who came to the Buddha and declared their attainment of Arahatship actually attained it .
The Buddha said some of them actually did attain Arahatship whereas some deceived themselves ; again others claimed Arahatship , knowing full well that they were not entitled to it , simply to trouble him with unnecessary questions .
The Buddha then taught him the essential dhamma in which one must become accomplished before one could claim Arahatship .
( 6 ) Anenja - sappaya Sutta
This discourse was given by the Buddha while he was staying once at Kammasadhama , in the country of the Kurus .
The Buddha explained to the bhikkhus the dangers of enjoying sensual pleasures , which were transitory , empty and deceptive .
He said he had shown them the path leading to imperturbability ( Anenja - sappaya ) , to the realm of Nothingness , to the realm of Neither Consciousness nor Non-Consciousness , and ultimately to Nibbana .
He then urged the bhikkhus : " GO to the forest , to solitude .
Strive hard in meditation . "
( 7 ) Ganakamoggallana Sutta
The Buddha was once asked by the Brahmin Gankamoggallana whether there were systematic rules , practices and methods in his Teaching , just as there were training rules , manuals , guidances in various branches of worldly knowledge .
The Buddha told him about the Dhamma giving details about precepts to be observed , disciplinary rules to be followed , various concentrations to be developed and jhanas and pannas to be achieved step by step .
( 8 ) Gopakamoggallana Sutta
The leading brahmins of Rajagaha asked the Venerable Ananda whether the Buddha had appointed a particular thera to be the head of the Samgha after he passed away .
Ananda informed them there was no such person .
No person could substitute the Buddha .
They wanted to know then if the Samgha had agreed upon a certain bhikkhu to be their head .
When Ananda told them there was no such person , they wondered how the Samgha could remain in agreement and unity .
Ananda then explained to them that they had indeed refuge in the Dhamma and how the Samgha of each locality recited together the Patimokkha , the summary of disciplinary rules , every half month .
( 9 ) Mahapunnama Sutta
The Buddha was sitting in the midst of a large number of bhikkhus out in the open on a fullmoon night .
All the bhikkhus were intently engaged in meditation .
The silence of the night was broken by the oldest of the meditating bhikkhus who , with the permission of the Buddha , asked him about the five aggregates of grasping , how craving developed with respect to each aggregate , and how craving would cease .
The Buddha explained each point raised by the bhikkhu to the great benefit of the assembled Samgha .
( 10 ) Culapunnama Sutta
This discourse was given on how to differentiate between a good man and a bad man , with detailed description of the characteristics of good and bad man .
II .
Anupada Vagga ( 1 ) Anupada Sutta
This discourse was given at Savatthi .
The Buddha brought out in full detail the virtues of one of his two Chief Disciples , the Venerable Sariputta , extolling his wisdom which was extensive like the big earth , describing how , unlike other ordinary disciples who had attained arahatship , the Venerable Sariputta went through the practices for development of sila , samadhi and panna in a very thorough manner , step by step , contemplating very intensely on the minutest phenomenon of ' arising and perishing ' until he gained the highest goal of the holy life .
The Buddha explained also how the Venerable Sariputta was fully accomplished in the Dhamma to deserve the honour of being a Chief Disciple of the Buddha .
( 2 ) Chabbisodhana Sutta
The Buddha said that when any bhikkhu claimed to the attainment of Arahatship , his claim should not be admitted or rejected outright .
His claim should be carefully scrutinized according to the guiding principles provided in this discourse .
( 3 ) Sappurisa Sutta
This describes how a good , worthy man is to be distinguished from a bad , unworthy person enumerating twenty six characteristics by which each individual is to be judged .
( 4 ) Sevitabbasevitabba Sutta
This discourse was given briefly by the Buddha , and the Venerable Sariputta continued to expound it in more detail .
It deals with practices and actions which a bhikkhu should or should not resort to .
Whatever action or practice or object is conducive to one 's spiritual progress and development should be resorted to and made use of ; whatever is detrimental to one 's spiritual advancement should be rejected .
( 5 ) Bahudhatuka Sutta
This discourse is an analytical study of elements , dhatu ; bases , ayatana ; the law of dependent origination ; and the right or wrong causes .
Only the bhikkhu skilled in these studies may be reckoned as a wise person .
( 6 ) Isigili Sutta
This discourse was given by the Buddha at Isigili , one of the hills surrounding Rajagaha .
This is an account of why this hill was called by that name and of the many Paccekabuddhas who used to dwell there .
( 7 ) Mahacattarisaka Sutta
This discourse is a detailed exposition on Right Concentration which has its base in the other seven constituent parts of the Noble Path , on twenty meritorious dhammas and on twenty demeritorious dhammas .
( 8 ) Anapanassati Sutta Anapanassati as a method of meditation was explained to a large gathering of bhikkhus including nearly all well - known senior disciples such as the Venerable Sariputta , Maha Moggallana , Maha Kassapa , Anuruddha , Ananda etc. Development of mindfulness of respiration establishes a person in the Four Methods of Steadfest Mindfulness .
The Four Methods of Steadfast Mindfulness , being developed , establishes a person in the Seven Factors of Enlightenment .
The Seven Factors of Enlightenment , being developed , bring about Insight Knowledge and emancipation .
( 9 ) Kayagatasati Sutta
This discourse dcscribes the meditation practice involving contemplation on the thirty two parts of the body .
The practical steps in the method as well as its advantages are fully explained .
( 10 ) Sankharupapatti Sutta
This discourse explains how it is possible to have one 's wish fulfilled if one is well established in the five wholesome dhammas , namely , faith , moral conduct , learning , liberality and wisdom .
III .
Sunnata Vagga ( 1 ) Culasunnata Sutta
The Buddha once told Ananda that he often dwelt in the liberation of the void , Sunnata - vihara .
When requested by Ananda , he explained what liberation of the void meant - Liberation through Insight that discerns voidness of self .
( 2 ) Mahasunnata Sutta Seeing many bhikkhus living together in a crowded dwelling place , the Buddha told Ananda that a bhikkhu should not like living in company .
Solitude is most beneficial for a bhikkhu .
He urged bhikkhus to look upon him as a sincere friend who would repeatedly point out their faults to help correct them .
( 3 ) Acchariya - Abbhuta Sutta
This discourse is an account of the twenty marvellous attributes of the Buddha as extolled by the Venerable Ananda .
( 4 ) Bakula Sutta Bhikkhu Bakula , aged one hundred and sixty years , met his old friend , the naked ascetic Kassapa , after he had been in the Order of the Buddha for eighty years .
Kassapa asked him how often he had indulged in sexual intercourse during those eighty years .
Bakula told his friend the marvellous attributes he possessed as an Arahat , including the fact that he became an Arahat after seven days of strenuous endeavour , after which he was completely rid of moral defilements .
( 5 ) Dantabhumi Sutta
In this discourse the Buddha explained to the novice Aciravata how a young prince like Prince Jayasena , son of King Bimbisara , could not hope to know , to see , to realize such dhammas as concentration and jhanas , living as he did in the lap of luxury , surrounded by pleasures of senses , enjoying the pleasures of senses and consumed and overwhelmed by the flames of desires .
The Buddha pointed out the difference in out look between an Arahat and an ordinary uninstructed person giving the simile of a tamed elephant and a wild elephant of the forest .
( 6 ) Bhumija Sutta
This discourse was given by the Venerable Bhumija to his nephew , Prince Jayasena to explain how Fruition would result by practising the Noble Path of Eight Constituents .
The Buddha confirmed that only by following the right Path , namely , the Noble Path of Eight Constituents and not any other Path , Fruition would result .
The Buddha gave the similes of attempting to make oil out of sand , squeezing the horns of a cow for milk , churning water to make butter , and rubbing two pieces of wet green wood to make fire .
( 7 ) Anuruddha Sutta
This discourse was given by the Venerable Anuruddha to Pancakanga , the carpenter , to explain the difference between Appamana Cetovimutti , liberation through practice of four Brahmavihara Meditation and Mahaggata Cetovimutti , liberation through Kasina Meditation using a meditational device .
( 8 ) Upakkilesa Sutta
Once the Buddha left Kosambi because of quarrelling , contentious bhikkhus and went to Pacinavamsa Park where the Venerable Anuruddha , the Venerable Nandiya and the Venerable Kimila were staying .
When these bhikkhus informed the Buddha about the aura ( obhasa ) and vision ( dassana ) of various shapes and forms they perceived in the course of their meditation , the Buddha taught them about Upakkilesa , mental defilements , that appear at a certain stage in meditation process .
They should be on their guard not to be led astray by these deceptive defilements .
( 9 ) Balapandita Sutta
This discourse was given by the Buddha at Savatthi on fools and characteristic behviourof fools ; on how evil thoughts , words and deeds of fools harm themselves and others ; and on how these evil actions lead fools to states of misery and woe .
The utter wretchedness and intense suffering in such states beggar description .
Once a fool , through his evil actions , found himself in one of the nether regions , there was very little likelihood for him to rise again to the upper realms .
The chances are more remote than that of a blind turtle to get his head through a single hole in a yoke which was being tossed about in a stormy sea .
The discourse deals also with the wise and their characteristics ; the wholesome thoughts , words and deeds of the wise , the wholesome effects resulting from such meritorious actions and bliss enjoyed by them in the realms of happiness .
( 10 ) Devaduta Sutta
This is a discourse on evil results arising from evil action , giving details of suffering in realms of misery and woe .
IV .
Vibanga Vagga ( 1 ) Bhaddekaratta Sutta
This sutta which means ' a discourse on a night of good meditation ' gives a detailed description of Vipassana meditation .
The Buddha urged the bhikkhus not to dwell in the past which was gone , nor to seek the future which was unattained yet , but to perceive the dhamma in the phenomena presently occurring , at the same time not becoming involved in and attached to them .
( 2 ) Ananda - bhaddekaratta Sutta
This is a discoarse in which the Venerable Ananda repeated to the bhikkhus the Bhaddekaratta Sutta , for which performance he was highly commended by the Buddha .
( 3 ) Mahakaccana - bhaddekaratta Sutta
This is a detailed exposition by the Venerable Mahakaccana on Vipassana meditation of the five khandhas as explained by the Buddha in the Bhaddekaratta Sutta .
The Venerable Mahakaccana was commended by the Buddha for his exposition .
( 4 ) Lomasakangiya - bhaddekaratta Sutta
This is a detailed exposition by the Venerable Lomasakangiya on Vipassana meditation of the five khandhas as explained in the Bhaddekaratta Sutta .
( 5 ) Culakamma - vibhanga Sutta Young Subha , son of the Brahmin Todeyya , was curious to know why some were born in high class families , some in low class families ; why some were born rich , others poor ; why some were beautiful , others ugly ; why some were of good health with a long span of life , others of poor health with a short span of life , etc .
He approached the Buddha and asked fourteen questions in all to satisfy his curiosity .
The Buddha gave a long discourse on Kamma and its resultant effects .
Deeds , words and thoughts have endless consequences of joy and sorrow to be experienced in this very life ard hereafter .
Men depend on their own deeds and nothing else for their condition and status in life .
( 6 ) Mahakamma- vibhanga Sutta
This is another discourse on kamma and its result ant effects which are most difficult to foresee .
How the workings of Kamma were most strange and surprising were explained with reference to four types of individuals .
( 7 ) Salayatana - vibhanga Sutta
This discourse is a detailed analytical exposition on six internal sense bases , six external sense bases , six types of consciousness arising from six types of contact , etc. , by the Buddha .
( 8 ) Uddesa - vibhanga Sutta
In this discourse , the Buddha taught briefly how restraint of the mind with regard to external sense bases and non-attachment to internal sense bases led to the cessation of suffering .
The Venerable Kaccana gave an exposition on this subject which earned him praise from the Buddha .
( 9 ) Arana - vibhanga Sutta
This discourse is an exhortation on the practice of the Middle Path , avoiding the two extremes of indulgence in sensual pleasures and practice of self mortification , and on modes of conduct not indulging in backbiting ; not keeping to colloquial vocabulary only and not spurning the conventional usage of the language , but speaking gently , slowly .
( 10 ) Dhatu - vibhanga Sutta
This is an important discourse taught to Pukkusati , a recluse who had left the homelife inspired by the fame of Gotama Buddha whom he had not yet met and whom he was on his way to see .
The Buddha went purposely to meet this recluse in a potter 's hut to teach this discourse : A man is made up of six elements , namely , solidity , fluidity , heat , motion , space and consciousness .
On analysis , none of these elements is found to be ' mine ' or ' me ' or ' my self ' .
All of them are subject to the law of impermanence , so are the three types of sensation .
When a bhikkhu perceives the real nature of the physical and mental phenomena , he becomes endowed with absolute wisdom , Knowledge of the Noble Truth .
( 11 ) Sacca- vibhanga Sutta
In this discourse the Buddha taught the bhikkhus the Four Noble Truths as he had done at the time of giving the discourse on the Turning of the Wheel of Dhamma at Isipatana in Baranasi .
He then urged the bhikkhus to seek guidance from the two theras , the Venerable Sariputta and the Venerable Maha Moggallana , likening the Venereble Sariputta to a mother and the Venerable Maha Moggallana to a foster mother .
The Venerable Sariputta could analyse and explain the Four Noble Truths in detail and lead them to the stage of the first Path and Fruition .
The Venerable Maha Moggallana could then lead them on till the highest Path and Fruition , the Arahatship , was achieved .
( 12 ) Dakkhinavibhanga Sutta
This discourse was given to the Buddha 's foster mother Mahapajapati on the occasion of her offering to the Buddha a set of robes made by her own hand .
The Buddha urged his foster mother to make the offering to the Samgha , the community of bhikkhus .
He enumerated fourteen kinds of donations to individuals and seven kinds of donations to the Samgha , explaining the superior benefit accruing from offerings made to the Samgha .
V. Salayatana Vagga ( 1 ) Anathapindikovada Sutta
This discourse was given by the Venerable Sariputta to Anathapindka on his death - bed .
The Venerable Sariputta enjoined him not to grasp at the six internal sense bases , nor the six external sense bases , nor the feelings that arise in relation to them , nor at the six elements ( including space and consciousness ) , nor at the five aggregates , nor the realms of Infinite Space , of Infinite Consciousness , of Nothingness , of Neither Consciousness Nor Non-Consciousness .
With no attachment to any of them , there would come liberation .
( 2 ) Channovada Sutta The Venerable Channa was very ill .
The Venerable Sariputta and Cunda paid him a visit .
They gave him solace by giving instruction on Vipassana meditation .
The Venerable Channa died an Arahat .
( 3 ) Punnovada Sutta
This discourse was given to Bhikkhu Punna by the Buddha on how to practise the holy life in solitude .
When the Buddha asked him how he would contend with the dangers which infested the locality where he was going to stay , he told the Buddha of the six categories of fortitude he was endowed with , including indifference to an attack even on his life .
( 4 ) Nandakovada Sutta
This discourse was given by the Venerable Nandaka to five hundred bhikkhunis in the presence of the Buddha one fullmoon night .
He dealt with the twelve categories of internal and external sense bases , the six types of consciousness , their impermanent nature and how to practise the Seven Factors of Enlightenment .
He won the approval of the Buddha for his lucid exposition of the Dhamma .
( 5 ) Cularahulovada Sutta
This discourse was given by the Buddha to his son Rahula who was then a bhikkhu of the Order fully mature to receive the highest dhamma .
The Buddha exhorted him , in the form of question and answers on the impermanent nature of the twelve sense bases , in consequence of which the Venerable Rahula attained to Arahatship .
( 6 ) Chachakka Sutta
This discourse was given by the Buddha frequently to many bhikkhus on the six internal sense bases , the six external sense bases , six types of consciousness , six types of contacts , six types of sensation , six kinds of craving and on how their interrelationship led to continuity of phenomena from one existence to another .
( 7 ) Mahasalayatanika Sutta
This discourse is an exposition on how the ignorance of the six categories of dhamma such as the six internal sense bases , etc. , gives rise to craving , and craving to suffering .
It also explains how , when they are seen as they really are by following the Noble Path of Eight Constituents , the knowledge of the Seven Factors of Enlightenment arises resulting in the perfect Peace of Nibbana .
( 8 ) Nagaravindeyya Sutta
This is a discourse in which the Buddha explained to the villagers of Nagaravinda the distinction between samanas and brahmanas who deserved honour and homage and those who did not .
Only those religious teachers who had discarded the craving that arose out of ayatana dhammas were worthy of veneration .
( 9 ) Pindapataparisuddhi Sutta
This is an exhortation to bhikkhus to keep themselves pure in mind while going on alms round or while eating their meal , by discarding craving , removing hindrances and developing the knowledge of the Seven Factors of Enlightenment through continuous practice .
( 10 ) Indriyabhavana Sutta
This discourse was given to the Venerable Ananda by the Buddha showing the difference between the control of senses proctised by an Arahat and that practised by one still under training .
The buddha explained that feeling of liking , disliking or indifference that arise from conditioned phenomena could be soon eliminated by the practice of Vipassana Meditation .
E3 2010 is about to begin and we are ready to cover the event starting next week .
Until then , here are some first photos of Convention Center where the show will take place .
A study ranks Australia among the worst nations for damaging its environment .
The Adelaide University study names Brazil , the United States , China and Indonesia as the worst countries .
The study findings , published in a science journal , use indicators including species and forest loss , water pollution and carbon emissions to determine the rankings , which put Australia at number nine .
Professor Corey Bradshaw from Adelaide University says Australia has some of the highest global carbon emissions .
" We also have one of the highest rates of mammalian extinctions and threat levels in the world and we have a very dry continent and we do n't have a lot of water , " he said .
" We have some of the highest per capita water use in the world and that 's just not sustainable .
" This gets back to the ideas of how many people can a place like Australia hold ?
We are mostly a desert , despite the fact that we are a large country . "
Professor Bradshaw says Australia will need to change its practices if it hopes to sustain 35 million people by 2050 .
" If we manage to reduce our consumption per capita , if we get a lot cleverer about our use of water , about how we grow food , how we generate power and reduce our emissions , I think those sorts of numbers are certainly feasible , " he said .
A Seattle soccer fan club has selected Neumos as the venue for team USA ’s first match of the 2010 World Cup .
On television .
Emerald City Supporters got an early start on hyping their free viewing party for the big game vs. England on June 12th .
Details below .
They ’re asking people to RSVP for the event on Facebook .
The USA - England game gets the marquee — but we ’re thinking the match vs. Slovenia on June 18th might be a little more fun for US fans .
But what do we know ?
USA vs. England World Cup Party : This Revolution will be Televised .
Hosted by Emerald City Supporters and American Outlaws Seattle .
Saturday , June 12th , 2010 at Neumos .
Doors Open at 8 am .
Entrance is Free .
Emerald City Supporters and American Outlaws Seattle are proud to announce a Red , White and Brew viewing party for the United States versus England World Cup soccer game on Saturday , June 12th , 2010 at Neumos in the Capitol Hill section of Seattle .
Entrance is free of charge .
The event features a high - definition ( HD ) broadcast through a 5,000 Lumen Large Venue Projector onto a 12 foot by 9 foot screen on Neumos Crystal Ball and Reading Room main stage , two 50 - inch HD TV’s in Neumos Mezzanine Bar , and several HD TV ’s in Moe ’s Bar .
This event will showcase the three World Cup games played on June 12th : A live viewing of USA versus England , DVR - delayed showings of Argentina versus Nigeria , and Greece versus South Korea in the second day ’s action of the 2010 World Cup South Africa .
Event Broadcast Schedule for June 12th World Cup Games :
9:00 am Argentina v Nigeria , DVR - delayed
11:30 am USA v England , Live
1:30 pm Greece v South Korea , DVR - delayed
Entrance is 21 + , capacity is limited to 650 people , and there is no charge for entry .
Doors open at 8 am and close at 4 pm .
Neumos ’ three bars will be open for drink and food purchase , and additional event details will be announced in coming weeks .
To the untrained eye , University of Colorado at Boulder Research Associate Craig Lee 's recent discovery of a 10,000 - year - old wooden hunting weapon might look like a small branch that blew off a tree in a windstorm .
Nothing could be further from the truth , according to Lee , a research associate with CU - Boulder 's Institute of Arctic and Alpine Research who found the atlatl dart , a spear - like hunting weapon , melting out of an ice patch high in the Rocky Mountains close to Yellowstone National Park .
Lee , a specialist in the emerging field of ice patch archaeology , said the dart had been frozen in the ice patch for 10 millennia and that climate change has increased global temperatures and accelerated melting of permanent ice fields , exposing organic materials that have long been entombed in the ice .
" We did n't realize until the early 2000s that there was a potential to find archaeological materials in association with melting permanent snow and ice in many areas of the globe , " Lee said .
" We 're not talking about massive glaciers , we 're talking about the smaller , more kinetically stable snowbanks that you might see if you go to Rocky Mountain National Park . "
As glaciers and ice fields continue to melt at an unprecedented rate , increasingly older and significant artifacts -- as well as plant material , animal carcasses and ancient feces -- are being released from the ice that has gripped them for thousands of years , he said .
Over the past decade , Lee has worked with other researchers to develop a geographic information system , or GIS , model to identify glaciers and ice fields in Alaska and elsewhere that are likely to hold artifacts .
They pulled together biological and physical data to find ice fields that may have been used by prehistoric hunters to kill animals seeking refuge from heat and insect swarms in the summer months .
advertisement
" In these instances , what we 're finding as archaeologists is stuff that was lost , " Lee said .
" Maybe you missed a shot and your weapon disappeared into the snowbank .
It 's like finding your keys when you drop them in snow .
You 're not going to find them until spring .
Well , the spring has n't come until these things started melting for the first time , in some instances , in many , many thousands of years . "
The dart Lee found was from a birch sapling and still has personal markings on it from the ancient hunter , according to Lee .
When it was shot , the 3 - foot - long dart had a projectile point on one end , and a cup or dimple on the other end that would have attached to a hook on the atlatl .
The hunter used the atlatl , a throwing tool about two feet long , for leverage to achieve greater velocity .
Later this summer Lee and CU - Boulder student researchers will travel to Glacier National Park to work with the Salish , Kootenai and Blackfeet tribes and researchers from the University of Wyoming to recover and protect artifacts that may have recently melted out of similar locations .
" We will be conducting an unprecedented collaboration with our Native American partners to develop and implement protocols for culturally appropriate scientific methods to recover and protect artifacts we may discover , " he said .
Quick retrieval of any organic artifacts like clothing , wooden tools or weapons is necessary to save them , because once thawed and exposed to the elements they decompose quickly , he said .
An estimated 10 percent of Earth 's land surface is covered with perennial snow , glaciers and ice fields , providing plenty of opportunities for exploration , Lee said .
However , once organic artifacts melt out of the ice , they could be lost forever .
" Ninety - five percent of the archaeological record that we usually base our interpretations on is comprised of chip stone artifacts , ground stone artifacts , maybe old hearths , which is a fire pit , or rock rings that would have been used to stabilize a house , " Lee said .
" So we really have to base our understanding about ancient times on these inorganic materials .
But ice patches are giving us this window into organic technology that we just do n't get in other environments . "
June 10 , 2010 - TF2 Team
We 'd originally planned to tease out today 's update over the course of 19 deviously brain - twisting blog posts , each containing a mercurially complex riddle hinting at the nature of the update .
Unfortunately , everybody seems to have cracked the subtle rhyming codex embedded in our first blog post , which was actually supposed to be the most unsolvable of the 19 .
So anyway .
Team Fortress 2's available on the Mac now .
Or is it ?
No , it is .
Sorry , that was Riddle # 17 .
It seemed a shame to let it go to waste .
As part of the celebration , TF2 will be FREE to play all weekend , and 50 % off to purchase .
We 've also got a little treat for anybody logging into the game from a Mac .
If you ’ve been reading my Toy Story 3 interviews , then you know I went to Pixar Animation Studios last weekend for the film ’s press day .
Pixar is a one of those places everyone wants to work and everyone wonders why their workplace can’t have things like a cereal bar or massage therapists on staff .
The answer to the first question is that they have hundreds of applications and very few open positions .
The answer to the second question is that your workplace probably has n’t made movies that together grossed over $ 5.5 billion worldwide .
But I was able to walk around in total awe of the place .
I took plenty of photos and you can check them out after the jump .
But I must warn you : if seeing me have fun causes you physical pain , then this article is n’t for you .
Click on an image to see a much larger version .
The half - built road to Lamabagar , a Nepalese farming village near the border with Tibet , has the feel of an active war zone .
Clouds of rock explode from the cliffs as construction workers blast a path north toward the Tibet Autonomous Region of China .
Porters lumber up the twisting Himalayan switchbacks with boxes of dynamite strapped to their heads .
The road is meant to connect the district capital of Dolakha with a hydroelectric dam at the north end of the valley , though one day it may continue north , giving this Himalayan buffer state a vital new overland route to China .
All the commotion is purposeful since Nepal is plagued by chronic electricity shortages , which the 456 - megawatt plant , scheduled to open in 2014 , is meant to address .
The Nepali crews that inch closer to China , bringing heavy trucks to a valley that has known only foot traffic , are at the forefront of a potentially major strategic shift in the region : Nepal , long a dependable ally and client of India , is building economic and political ties with China .
Good roads are just one sign of this relationship and , as Rhoderick Chalmers , an International Crisis Group analyst in Kathmandu , explained to me , could " prevent India from using its ultimate sanction of economic blockade on Kathmandu . "
If China can begin supplying many of the goods that Nepal now receives from India -- especially petrol , diesel , and kerosene -- then India 's leverage would be severely limited .
Although one new highway will not in itself push Nepal from India 's sphere of influence -- history , economics , and above all , geography will see to that -- the mere fact that India may one day have to compete for Nepal 's attention is a sign of Kathmandu 's political reorientation .
In 2006 , as Nepal 's monarchy teetered , Maoist leaders and pro-democracy parties signed a comprehensive peace agreement ending a decade - long civil war .
Since then , Kathmandu has been building a nascent democracy while wedged in a proxy battle between China and India -- with the United States and Europe watching closely .
For now , Nepal remains in an uncertain position .
Rolling blackouts keep much of the country in the dark for up to 12 hours a day .
Inflation and consumer prices have skyrocketed , rising 13 percent between 2008 and 2009 .
Food prices have been hit especially hard : the price of sugar , for example , nearly doubled from 50 rupees per kilogram ( about 66 cents ) in mid-2009 to 90 rupees ( about $ 1.19 ) this past winter , no small sum in a country where 78 percent of the population lives on less than $ 2 a day .
Meanwhile , the country 's peace process is in tatters , with Maoist fighters having made veiled threats of returning to violence if they are not incorporated into the state structure .
The current constitution will expire on May 28 , and Nepal 's political parties will have to agree on a new one -- a moment that many Nepalese hope will bring about political stability and economic growth .
Newspapers in Kathmandu have taken to printing graphics that count down the number of days until May 28 .
Bipin Adhikari , a legal expert in Kathmandu , recently wrote in Himal Southasian magazine that nothing less than " a new Nepal " is at stake -- one with adequate legal protections for minority groups , a new system of governance , and minimal ethnic or cultural discrimination .
Economic prosperity , this thinking goes , will naturally follow .
Yet the country 's political parties appear more concerned with holding on to power than pushing real reform .
As the May 28 deadline approaches , Maoist party chiefs are threatening to endorse their own constitution if not given a leadership role in a new national unity government .
A weeklong Maoist - led strike to protest the current prime minister ended on May 8 , but not before economic losses topped a quarter of a billion dollars , by some estimates .
A report last February from the Carter Center argued that although Nepal 's " indigenous and marginalized " communities expect the new constitution to provide stability and to address basic needs , " national political parties remain largely inactive on constitutional issues at the local level . "
As a result , it appears almost certain that the constitutional drafting deadline will be missed , throwing the country into further disarray .
For Nepal 's 29 million people , the stakes could not be higher .
" This is the first time a representative body is drafting a constitution in Nepal , " said Surya Dhungel , a constitutional adviser to Nepal 's president .
" We 're in the process of restructuring everything . "
A successful resolution of the peace process will be needed to make the political gains from a new constitution lasting .
Disagreement over whether and how to incorporate Maoist rebels into the country 's security forces continues to divide the negotiating parties .
In a speech in early March , B. Lynn Pascoe , the UN undersecretary - general for political affairs , criticized all sides for contributing to the stalemate .
" Progress has slowed and unity has frayed , " Pascoe said .
" The Nepali public has become impatient and disappointed , and the feeling is increasingly shared in the international community . "
As Nepal inches toward a draft constitution and lasting peace deal , it is counting on India , its longstanding patron and a fellow Hindu- majority state .
New Delhi remains Kathmandu 's biggest supplier of essential goods , including gasoline , and the Nepalese are addicted to Indian films , music , and other forms of pop culture .
Although new roads in Nepal 's northern reaches may one day extend the country 's economic linkages to China , for now the majority of all trade flows are to and from India in the south .
Yet , New Delhi 's self - interest may threaten the long - term health of the bilateral relationship .
New Delhi is facing its own Maoist insurgents , in its eastern provinces , and may be more concerned with internal security than shoring up Nepal 's political dynamic .
Some believe that India is withholding support for Nepal 's peace process in an effort to ensure that a Maoist - led government does not return to power and gain control of the military .
During their brief rule in 2009 , Maoist leaders expressed hostility toward India and made overt political overtures to China .
The Maoists ' ties to Beijing " crossed India 's red lines , " argues the International Crisis Group , and this concern continues to drive New Delhi 's calculations .
Indian diplomacy in Nepal is defined more by absence than interference , the ICG contends .
China , however , is not waiting for a new Nepalese government to emerge before engaging .
Since 2008 , when bloody protests erupted on the Tibetan plateau , China 's core interest in Nepal has been to minimize the political activities of Tibetan refugees living there , which China views as potential threats to its own security .
Beijing has consistently linked economic and military aid to Kathmandu 's adherence to a " one China " policy , a thinly veiled reference to Nepal 's ban on political demonstrations by Tibetan exiles .
As recently as March , China 's defense minister pledged additional military aid to Nepal following statements from Kathmandu reiterating the one - China commitment .
Chinese officials have also called for increased security on Nepal 's side of the border to stem the flow of Tibetan refugees , including in the area of Lamabagar 's road project .
Chinese diplomats are , according to a 2009 ICG report , " vocal , unsubtle and rigidly consistent " regarding Tibetans in Nepal .
" Nepali governments of any political color have little choice but to bow to their powerful neighbor 's primary concern , " the report concluded .
China 's renewed interest in its southern neighbor is not entirely a quid pro quo .
In Kathmandu , mobs of Chinese tour groups visit the tourist enclave of Thamel , where they frequent Chinese - run restaurants , bookstores , and hospitals .
Meanwhile , Chinese cultural centers are popping up across the country , notably in the Terai , along Nepal 's southern border with India .
According to the Chinese embassy in Nepal , projects such as the Birendra International Convention Center -- a gleaming complex near Kathmandu 's international airport -- and the capital city 's main highway are evidence that " China treats Nepal as its closest neighbor and best friend . "
Although the above initiatives aim to signify the softer side of Chinese - Nepali ties , China ultimately appears most interested in stifling " anti-Chinese " activities on Nepal 's soil .
And given China 's single - minded focus , Communist Party leaders in Beijing seem less concerned with Kathmandu 's political jockeying than with ensuring that the next government is as pliant as the current one .
One strategy , analysts suggest , has been to focus fewer resources on national politics and more on localized economic aid , such as building schools in politically sensitive border areas .
Although China may consider a return of communist governance ideal , its principal concern is stability .
" For China , the ideological difference does n't make any difference , " said Dhungel , the presidential adviser .
" They had very good relations with the king .
They had a very good relationship with the Nepali Congress .
And I think they will have relations with whoever emerges as a stable force . "
In the end , although the current political crisis appears destabilizing , it could result in the emergence of a stronger Nepal .
Maoist politicians stunned observers in April 2008 by winning a majority of votes in the country 's first post - civil war election .
Today , they control roughly 40 percent of the 601 - seat parliament and are demanding a hard - earned place in whatever coalition government emerges .
The country , Dhungel told me , is primed for a " democratic explosion . "
He argues that the economic potential of Nepal -- from tourism to the development of resources , including hydropower -- remains unrealized .
Other outside forces -- including the United States , the European Union , and the United Nations -- are all pushing for a peaceful transition to democracy .
Washington is calling for the inclusion of the Maoist party ( known officially as the Unified Communist Party of Nepal - Maoist ) in the political process , despite the group 's continued designation as a terrorist entity by the U.S. State Department .
But Western efforts may prove far less influential than those of China and India .
In February , Scott DeLisi , who now serves as U.S. ambassador to Nepal , told Congress that the Nepalese often " talk about themselves as a yam between two boulders . "
He noted that both India and China have a role to play in Nepal 's economic and political future .
" We certainly want to work closely with the government " of Nepal , DeLisi said , " but in doing that I think we have to recognize that we also have to talk to the other regional actors . "
Thus , although the United States has its own vision of Nepal as a stable and democratic buffer between competing Asian giants , the road ahead -- whether strewn with boulders or cleared of rubble -- may be in the
hands of Nepal 's neighbors .
" The narrative … has been too negative . "
So says Defense Secretary Robert Gates of political and press commentary about the war in Afghanistan .
It reminds him of the pessimism of June 2007 , before the Iraqi surge began to succeed , said Gates .
But the narrative is coming now not just from critics of the war but stalwart defenders .
John McCain says the war effort could be headed for " crisis " and holds President Obama responsible for announcing a timetable for withdrawal starting next summer .
And how optimistic can Americans be when , last month , in the ninth year of our longest war , the U.S. field commander , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , said the Taliban have fought us to a draw .
Eight years ago , the Taliban seemed finished .
Since then , we have poured in scores of thousands of troops , spent $ 300 billion , lost 1,000 soldiers and seen thousands more wounded .
Yet , the Taliban have never been stronger or operated more broadly .
Unfortunately , the narrative the Pentagon deplores is rooted in reality .
The battle for Marjah , said to be a dress rehearsal for June ’s decisive Battle of Kandahar , appears not to have been the triumph advertised .
The Afghan government and police failed to follow up and take over the Marjah district .
The Taliban continue to execute those working with the Americans .
Kandahar , with 800,000 people , is 10 times as populous as Marjah and the spiritual capital of the Taliban .
And we now learn the Battle of Kandahar will not take place in June .
Indeed , it is not going to be a battle at all , but a struggle for the hearts of the people , to persuade them to rise up against the Taliban , work with the Americans , and transfer their loyalty to Kabul and President Hamid Karzai .
The people of Kandahar apparently do not want U.S. protection any more than they want a battle for the city .
And how can President win their loyalty when his drug - lord brother , Wali Karzai , is the Al Capone of Kandahar ?
As for President Karzai himself , after a Taliban rocket attack on his loya jirga , the national council , this month , he got rid of his interior minister and his intelligence chief , Amrullah Saleh , in the biggest shakeup of his time in office .
Both men had strong ties to the Americans , and Karzai is said to have suspected that their first loyalty was to the Americans .
Shown evidence of the Taliban role in the attack on the loya jirga , says Saleh , Karzai told him he thinks the Americans were behind it .
Karzai , says Saleh , has lost all confidence that the United States and NATO have the perseverance to see the war through , and he is working in secret back channels to cut a deal with the Taliban .
From Harvard researcher Matt Waldman of the London School of Economics , reported in the London Telegraph , comes the explosive charge that Pakistani Intelligence is now fully collaborating with the Taliban .
On June 16 , The New York Times reported that Lashkar - e - Taiba , the group behind the Mumbai massacre , is operating in Afghanistan , attacking Indian aid workers .
Like the Taliban , Lashkar - e - Taiba received early support from Pakistani intelligence .
What is going on in Afghanistan ?
It appears that Pakistan , by maintaining ties to the Taliban and Lashkar - e - Taiba , wants to ensure that if and when the Americans do depart , as Obama signaled we would begin to do next July , Afghanistan will move into Islamabad ’s orbit , not New Delhi’s .
For the United States and NATO , however , casualties are rising to the highest levels of the war .
June is shaping up as the bloodiest month ever .
While Barack Obama has promised a review of U.S. strategy and policy in December , at the present rate , hundreds more young Americans will by then have given up their lives .
For what ?
To succeed in creating in Afghanistan a country where the Taliban have been driven permanently from power and there is no chance of al - Qaeda ’s return , we need a government in Kabul and an Afghan army and police that can follow up U.S. military gains by taking control , protecting the population and providing social reforms .
We do n’t have that government .
We have , instead , a regime that has no confidence we will stay the course and is thus dealing behind our backs with the enemy who is killing our troops .
It is simply not credible that the United States and its NATO allies , some of whom — like the Dutch — are pulling out , can prevail in this war in 12 months so America can begin coming home , as Obama has promised , unless Obama is willing to write Afghanistan off .
If he is , he should tell us now and save those Americans lives .
If he is not willing to see Afghanistan fall , he should tell us what it will take , and how long , to avoid a defeat and win this war .
For saying the U.S. can succeed in the next 12 months in what we have failed to accomplish , at a rising cost in blood and money , for the last eight years , is not credible .
COPYRIGHT 2010 CREATORS.COM
Looking back at the cover for Flash : The Fastest Man Alive # 13 , it was n’t promising for Bart Allen , especially with the Flashes ’ history of death .
We know now that it ended badly for him ( though he got better ) .
Of course , there ’s also a history of Flashes ( and supporting cast ) appearing dead on the cover , but still making it through .
More than 25 examples of dead Flash covers appear below .
I went through the galleries at the Grand Comic Database for the 1959 and 1987 series , and managed to find no less than 23 covers on which the Flash , or a member of his supporting cast was depicted as dead , but managed to survive the story .
Sometimes the events took place , but the character survived , or it turned out the body was someone else ’s .
Sometimes they were what I call “ CPR deaths , ” in which the character is technically dead , but not beyond the help of modern ( or in comics , slightly ahead of modern ) medicine .
Generally they ’re resuscitated in the following issue .
And some are just plain misleading .
Hover for a description .
Click to open the issue ’s page at GCD .
I later discovered that Comic Coverage did a similar feature on The Many Deaths of Barry Allen in 2006 .
Originally published at K - Squared Ramblings .
I ’ve added a couple of items since then .
Update ( June 2010 ) : Added Flash v.3 #
3
Update ( July 2010 ) : Added Secret Origins # 41
Share
AFP
June 21 , 2010
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
US Defense Secretary Robert Gates rejected suggestions Sunday that US forces will move out of Afghanistan in large numbers in July of next year under a deadline set by President Barack Obama .
“ That absolutely has not been decided , ” Gates said in an interview with Fox News Sunday .
His comment was the latest indication that the magnitude of the drawdown , if not the deadline itself , is the subject of an intensifying internal debate at a time when a NATO - led campaign against the Taliban is going slower than expected .
Vice President Joe Biden , an early skeptic of the US military buildup in Afghanistan , was quoted as telling author Jonathan Alter recently : “ In July of 2011 , you ’re going to see a whole lot of people moving out .
Bet on it . ”
Full article here
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
DeadOcrats Confess !
" I voted Democrat because ... "
Yes , this one 's back from last April because , amazing as it may seem , some people actually voted for DeadOcrats .
Why , oh Lord , why ?
Here are some " reasons . "
When your friends can't explain why they voted for Democrats , give them this list .
They can then pick a reason .
10 . I voted Democrat because I believe oil companies ' profits of 4 % on a gallon of gas are obscene but the government taxing the same gallon of gas at 15 % is n't .
9 . I voted Democrat because I believe the government will do a better job of spending the money I earn than I would .
8 . I voted Democrat because Freedom of speech is fine as long as nobody is offended by it .
7 . I voted Democrat because I 'm way too irresponsible to own a gun , and I know that my local police are all I need to protect me from murderers and thieves .
6 . I voted Democrat because I believe that people who can't tell us if it will rain on Friday can tell us that the polar ice caps will melt away in ten years if I do n't start driving a Prius .
5 . I voted Democrat because I 'm not concerned about the slaughter of millions of babies through abortion so long as we keep all death row inmates alive .
4 . I voted Democrat because I think illegal aliens have a right to free health care , education , and Social Security benefits .
3 . I voted Democrat because I believe that business should not be allowed to make profits for themselves .
They need to break even and give the rest away to the government for redistribution as the democrats see fit .
2 . I voted Democrat because I believe liberal judges need to rewrite the Constitution every few days to suit some fringe kooks who would never get their agendas past the voters .
1 . I voted Democrat because my head is so firmly planted up my ass it 's unlikely that I 'll ever have another point of view .
( Via email from MH )
[ Bumped because it is driving up my hit counter in a wicked way . ]
The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy Boxset are the five novels comprising Douglas Adams ' hilarious " Triology in Five Parts . "
Wildly popular and wholly unique , this bestselling series needs no introduction and is indispensable for would - be galactic travellers and Douglas Adams fans , old and new .
The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the GalaxyOne Thursday lunchtime the Earth gets unexpectedly demolished to make way for a new hyperspace bypass .
For Arthur Dent , who has only just had his house demolished that morning , this seems already to be rather a lot to cope with .
Sadly , however , the weekend has only just begun .
The Galaxy may offer a mind - boggling variety of ways to be blown up and / or insulted , but it 's very hard to get a cup of tea .
The Restaurant at the End of the UniverseWhen all questions of space , time , matter and the nature of being have been resolved , only one question remains - ' Where shall we have dinner ? '
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe provides the ultimate gastronomic experience , and for once there is no morning after to worry about .
Life , the Universe and Everything Following a number of stunning catastrophes , Arthur Dent is surprised to find himself living in a hideously miserable cave on prehistoric Earth .
However , just as he thinks that things cannot get possibly worse , they suddenly do .
An eddy in the space - time continuum lands him , Ford Prefect , and their flying sofa in the middle of the cricket ground at Lord 's , just two days before the world is due to be destroyed by the Vogons .
Escaping the end of the world for a second time , Arthur , Ford , and their old friend Slartibartfast embark ( reluctantly ) on a mission to save the whole galaxy from fanatical robots .
Not bad for a man in his dressing gown ...
So Long , and Thanks for All the FishThere is a knack to flying .
The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss .
It 's not an easy thing to do , and Arthur Dent thinks he 's the only human who 's been able to master this nifty little trick - until he meets Fenchurch , the woman of his dreams .
Fenchurch once realised how the world could be made a good and happy place .
Unfortunately , she 's forgotten .
Convinced that the secret lies within God 's Final Message to His Creation , they go in search of it .
And , in a dramatic break with tradition , actually find it ...
Mostly HarmlessArthur
Dent has settled down on the small planet Lamuella and has embraced his role as a Sandwich Maker .
However , his plans for a quiet life are thrown awry by the unexpected arrival of his daughter .
There 's nothing worse than a frustrated teenager with a copy of the Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy in their hands .
When she runs away , Arthur goes after her determined to save her from the horrors of the universe .
After all - he 's encountered most of them before ...
Share and enjoy Douglas Adams ' mega - selling trilogy in five parts in this retro paperback boxset - charting the whole of Arthur Dent 's hilariously strange odyssey through space and time ! … ( more Do n't Panic : collected together inare the five novels comprising Douglas Adams ' hilarious " Triology in Five Parts . "
Wildly popular and wholly unique , this bestselling series needs no introduction and is indispensable for would - be galactic
Little House On The Prairie
This cartoon by Jeff Darcy appeared in the Cleveland Plain Dealer on June 3 .
This was clearly a breakthrough .
The ADL and CAMERA immediately unleashed the Israel Lobby ’s flak machine ; they would n’t tolerate such favourable representation of what the American Jewish Committee calls ‘ The Terror Flotilla ‘ .
It did not take long for the editors to cave and issue a grovelling apology .
It is now time for you to register your opinion .
In related news the Israel Lobby has successfully fought off the threat of East Jerusalem being portrayed on millions of iPhone weather applications as an Occupied Territory .
Under pressure from the Israeli ambassador Michael Oren and the Israel lobby group American Israeli Action Coalition , Apple and Yahoo quickly restored all of Jerusalem cartographically to Israeli control .
Rate this :
Share this :
Tweet
WhatsApp
Email
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
UPDATE 21 June 2010 : Another key partner involved in last week ’s launch of the Internet Fraud Alert center is Chicago - based Accuity .
The company is donating access to Databank , a storehouse of global bank and financial institution information .
This will allowÃ‚Â NCFTA to verify the information provided by institutions wishing to participate in the program and help ensure the integrity of the vetting and alerting processes .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ Accuity is participating and donating its solutions because modern commerce depends on a trustworthy online marketplace , but unfortunately , there will always be deviants trying to defraud consumers and erode the trust in that system , ” saysÃ‚Â Hugh Jones , CEO of Accuity .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ We value the opportunity to extend that trust and be part of taking this significant step towards helping to protect and ensure the dependability of the online marketplace .
Ã¢â‚¬Â
By Byron Acohido , USA TODAY
18 June 2010 , P1B
In a major step to slow cybercrime , Microsoft on Thursday launched a coalition that will serve as a clearinghouse for reports about caches of stolen data stashed all across the Internet .
Malicious programs crafted to swipe your financial and personal data have come to saturate the Internet Ã¢â‚¬â€  so much so that security researchers routinely ferret out computer servers used by cybercrooks to hoard stolen data .
Until now , there was no specific process for reporting such discoveries .
The Internet Fraud Alert center Ã¢â‚¬â€ spearheaded by Microsoft and managed by the National Cyber - Forensics & Training Alliance ( NCFTA )
Ã¢â‚¬â€ will serve as a reporting hub .
Stolen payment card numbers and online banking account logons will be routed to the issuing banks .
The institutions will then decide whether to alert customers , suspend the accounts or pursue legal remedies .
Stolen Social Security numbers , birthdates and other personal data will be archived offline by the NCFTA and made available , as needed , to law enforcement .
“ This fills a big gap in the arsenal of weapons we need to fight online fraud , ” says Nancy Anderson , Microsoft ’s deputy general counsel .
The stakes are high .
Phishing scams , just one method of cyberthievery , revolve around tricking Web users into divulging sensitive data .
Last year , phishing gangs duped 1 million U.S. households into losses of some $ 650 million , according to Anti-Phishing Working Group , a consortium of banks , retailers , Internet host providers , tech - security companies and law enforcement agencies .
Data thieves routinely access compromised PCs they have set up as storage servers .
They typically store small caches of stolen data on one server , then move on to the next , says James Brooks , product - management director at security firm Cyveillance .
Stashing data in this way helps thieves stay ahead of anti-virus filters .
One such server recently discovered by Cyveillance contained 6,000 logons to active accounts in six social networks and 1,200 logons to financial accounts at nearly 30 banks .
“ We ’ve found caches storing sensitive data for hundreds of thousands individuals , ” Brooks says .
“ Most often it ’s a few hundred to a few thousand . ”
Inaugural members of the Internet Fraud Alert group include the American Bankers Association , Anti-Phishing Working Group , Citizens Bank , eBay , the Federal Trade Commission , the National Consumers League and PayPal .
The eventual participation of Google , Yahoo and Facebook could be a key to long - run success , says Dan Clements , spokesman for Affinion Security Center ’s CardCops division .
That ’s because those tech giants each day collect mountains of Internet traffic data that could be sifted to track down the major wellsprings of criminal activity .
“ We ’ve long thought private industry has to step forward with a creative solution to solve global cybercrime , ” Clements says .
June 18th , 2010 | Steps forward
The Justice Department launched its probe of Goldman Sachs ( GS ) before the SEC filed its civil fraud charge , and the probe casts a far wider net than the SEC did , Zachary A. Goldfarb and Jerry Markon of the Washington Post report .
This presumably contributed to Goldman 's stock losing about $ 8 billion of market value yesterday .
Now , a probe is not the same as a charge :
The Justice Department investigates lots of behavior and later concludes that criminal charges are n't warranted ( and as citizens , we should be deeply thankful for that ) .
Given the outrage around Goldman , moreover , as well as the ongoing desire to find criminal behavior that contributed to the financial crisis , it would be surprising if the Justice Department were NOT investigating Goldman Sachs .
Any prosecutor who found a smoking gun that hung a few Goldman executives would be lionized .
So it 's not surprising that the Justice Department is looking at Goldman , and the investigation wo n't necessarily lead to charges .
But let 's be clear about what 's at stake .
If the Justice Department were to file criminal charges against Goldman Sachs ( the firm , not just some executives ) , Goldman would likely go bust .
It is highly unlikely that a financial firm could survive criminal charges .
If prosecutors confined the charges to executives and did n't charge the firm itself , which is the more likely result , the firm would survive , but the headlines would stay nasty for years .
If the Justice Department has cast a wider net than the SEC investigation , moreover , there 's a chance that the Justice Department will uncover something that the SEC did n't .
And that 's where the real risk lies .
Also , Goldman can't make a criminal investigation go away by just settling and writing a massive check , the way it can with the SEC case .
Instead , the firm and its shareholders and employees will just have to wait and sweat .
If the Justice Department only recently opened its investigation , it could take months or even years .
( This post refers to Snap 0.2.6 . )
There ’s been a lot of buzz about the Snap framework , so I thought I ’d give it a look .
My personal website does n’t have anything dynamic going on , so arguably Snap is “ overkill , ” but then again so is Apache , so what the heck .
Snap is entirely experimental at this time : in their own words , “ it is early - stage software , ” so every single critique given here should be read with an implied expiration date .
So the question is : how does one host a static site on Snap ?
At present time there ’s no tutorial for this , so I fumbled around until I got something working .
Here ’s my code :
main = do putStrLn " ninj4net online " quickServer config site site :: Snap ( ) site = route [ ( " kinetic " , static " kinetic " ) , ( " math1010 " , static " math1010 " ) , ( " math1030 " , static " math1030 " ) , ( " math1100 " , static " math1100 " ) , ( " math1210 " , static " math1210 " ) , ( " " , static " " ) ] ( writeBS " general error " ) static d = do let html_file = " static / " ++ d ++ " /index.html " xml_file = " static / " ++ d ++ " /index.xml " html <- liftIO $ doesFileExist html_file xml <- liftIO $ doesFileExist xml_file ( ( ifTop ( fileServeSingle $ if html then html_file else xml_file ) ) ( fileServe $ " static / " ++ d ) )
Discussion
Some of my directories use an index.html file , while others use an index.xml file .
I need to use System .
Directory .doesFileExist function to determine whether or not these files exist — trying ifTop ( fileServeSingle " something that does n't exist " ) will not switch to the alternative using < | > , so an explicit check is needed ( it will whine about an exception being thrown , completely undermining the choice operator ! ) .
This is presumably a bug ( I submitted it to their github ) .
I ’m sure there is a much more elegant approach , but this was the best I could muster during lunch .
A thing Snap is missing
I came across a design decision that makes me nervous .
As with any web framework , there are facilities for getting strings from the user .
Unfortunately , Snap does not use types to distinguish between user - provided strings ( dirty ) and programmer - provided strings ( clean ) .
Why does this matter ?
Segregating user input into its own type is a formidable defense against ( say ) SQL injection , since it obviates that " select * from myData where foo= ' " ++ userInput ++ " ' " is n’t well - typed ( presumably SQL code should be its own type , say , SQLString , and the function UserString -> SQLString should be some kind of escape routine ) .
It would be nice to see framework support for this types - based defense .
The most obvious example of this is in getParam , which simply returns a Maybe ByteString .
Another example is provided by getSafePath and fileServeSingle .
The former returns a FilePath provided by the user ( a “ safe ” path , which — looking at the source — means that the “ /../ ” ‘s get removed ) , and the latter takes a FilePath and opens the corresponding local file .
I suppose the idea is that the code
do p <- getSafePath fileServeSingle p
should n’t escape the implied sandbox of the file system .
Of course , if the application has tighter requirements than this , the type system is n’t there to help out .
( For instance , perhaps a path is considered “ safe ” if it excludes certain keywords in addition to the constraints imposed by getSafePath ) .
A natural work - around is to build an application - specific wrapper around Snap , and perhaps this is the better approach ; I ’m not yet sure .
Conclusions
I ’m glad that Snap has been announced , as it has proven interesting to look at .
Of course , Haskell already has ( at least ) two other web frameworks ( yesod and happstack ) and it ’s not clear which will win - out in mindshare , nor is it obvious ( to me , anyway ) which one would be the best choice for someone wanting to sit down and make a site .
Of course , it ’s possible that some mix - and - match might be the best approach : the web server of one project , the HTML generation of another , and the persistent storage of the third .
( This possibility deserves some consideration , especially as projects like BlazeHTML really take off . )
Hopefully in the coming months we ’ll see more high - powered applications of these frameworks , giving us a fountain of lessons we can capitalize on , and providing some compelling show cases of Haskell ’s power as a web development language .
BP drafts in more clean - up workers and closes Port Fourchon beach in Louisiana Reuters
BP today admitted that is capturing less oil from a ruptured well in the Gulf of Mexico than previously estimated , raising fresh questions over the success of its rescue operation .
The oil giant told the City this morning that the mile - long siphon tube inserted into the damaged well has been capturing an average of 2,010 barrels a day .
That is less than half the 5,000 barrels the company estimates is leaking into the sea every day following the Deepwater Horizon explosion .
Last Thursday , BP told shareholders it was managing to siphon off around 3,000 barrels each day , while a BP spokesman in Houston told reporters that the siphon had actually been collecting 5,000 barrels of oil in a day .
The news comes after President Barack Obama warned that he would remove the company from efforts to seal the well if it does not act quickly enough to stop the leak , although he also acknowledged only BP and the oil industry know how to halt the spill .
Obama has now despatched two cabinet secretaries to the Gulf , keeping pressure on the company to plug the undersea oil leak which threatens to cause an environmental disaster .
The oil has reached the delicate wetlands of Louisiana .
The spill , which has seen oil spewing into the ocean for more than a month after the rig explosion in April , has cost BP $ 760 m ( £ 526 m ) so far , up from the $ 625 m estimate it issued on 18 May .
The US Coast Guard said more than 65 miles ( 110 km ) of the Gulf coast has been hit by the oil spill , and less than half of it can be cleaned up quickly .
The British oil giant said it continues to work on a " top kill " operation where heavy drilling fluids are injected into the well to stem the flow of oil and gas and ultimately kill the well .
" Most of the equipment is on site and preparations continue for this operation , with a view to deployment in a few days , " BP said .
In today 's statement , BP admitted that the oil captured by the " riser insertion tube tool " , had fluctuated between 1,360 and 3,000 barrels of oil a day .
It blamed the variable collection rate on " flow parameters and physical characteristics within the riser " .
Shares in BP fell 1.6 % this morning to 498 p , their lowest level since last August .
The company has now lost almost a quarter of its value since the Deepwater Horizon exploded .
I understand why you want to do this , but unfortunately , it may be only an illusion that Haskell classes seem to be " open " in the way that you say .
Many people feel that the possibility of doing this is a bug in the Haskell specification , for reasons I 'll explain below .
Anyway , if it is really not appropriate for the instance you need to be declared either in the module where the class is declared or in the module where the type is declared , that is probably a sign that you should be using a newtype or some other wrapper around your type .
The reasons why orphan instances need to be avoided run far deeper than convenience of the compiler .
This topic is rather controversial , as you can see from other answers .
To balance the discussion , I am going to explain the point of view that one should never , ever , write orphan instances , which I think is the majority opinion among experienced Haskellers .
My own opinion is somewhere in the middle , which I 'll explain at the end .
The problem stems from the fact that when more than one instance declaration exists for the same class and type , there is no mechanism in standard Haskell to specify which to use .
Rather , the program is rejected by the compiler .
The simplest effect of that is that you could have a perfectly working program that would suddenly stop compiling because of a change someone else makes in some far off dependency of your module .
Even worse , it 's possible for a working program to start crashing at runtime because of a distant change .
You could be using a method that you are assuming comes from a certain instance declaration , and it could silently be replaced by a different instance that is just different enough to cause your program to start inexplicably crashing .
People who want guarantees that these problems wo n't ever happen to them must follow the rule that if anyone , anywhere , has ever declared an instance of a certain class for a certain type , no other instance must ever be declared again in any program written by anyone .
Of course , there is the workaround of using a newtype to declare a new instance , but that is always at least a minor inconvenience , and sometimes a major one .
So in this sense , those who write orphan instances intentionally are being rather impolite .
So what should be done about this problem ?
The anti-orphan - instance camp says that the GHC warning is a bug , it needs to be an error that rejects any attempt to declare an orphan instance .
In the meantime , we must exercise self - discipline and avoid them at all costs .
As you have seen , there are those who are not so worried about those potential problems .
They actually encourage the use of orphan instances as a tool for separation of concerns , as you suggest , and say that one should just make sure on a case - by - case basis that there is no problem .
I have been inconvenienced enough times by other people 's orphan instances to be convinced that this attitude is too cavalier .
I think the right solution would be to add an extension to Haskell 's import mechanism that would control the import of instances .
That would not solve the problems completely , but it would give some help towards protecting our programs against damage from the orphan instances that already exist in the world .
And then , with time , I might become convinced that in certain limited cases , perhaps an orphan instance might not be so bad .
( And that very temptation is the reason that some in the anti-orphan - instance camp are opposed to my proposal . )
Images from grassrootsmapping.org
For over a year , Jeffrey Yoo Warren , a fellow at the Center for Future Civic Media at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , has been messing around with kites , balloons and cameras .
The goal is to come up with tools that can be used to take aerial photos without the use of expensive equipment .
Now the project , known as Grassroots Mapping , is recording the devastating effects of the gulf oil spill using cameras attached to kites .
They say these photos can then be used to assess and respond to the damage and to support possible “ litigation following the spill . ”
The kits used to take the images are extremely simple and incorporate garbage bags , an inexpensive kite and digital camera and a small helium canister .
The kites are flown to around 1,500 feet where they snap images of the area below at regular intervals .
After the pictures are collected , Mr. Warren works with Stuart Long of the aerial imaging service Gonzo Earth to stitch the images together on a map .
The results are both beautiful and devastating .
The Grassroots project is being supported through donations on a fund - raising site called Kickstarter .
It is trying to create more kits that can be distributed and used to collect more images of the spill .
Mr. Warren explained in an e-mail interview that he began working on aerial imaging using balloons in October , and started the gulf mapping project on May 5 .
“ Our ability to not just make abstract maps , but to capture original aerial imagery , is particularly applicable to mapping oil , ” Mr. Warren said .
He added that his group was working with the Louisiana Bucket Brigade , a nonprofit environmental health organization , to make use of the images .
There are of course other aerial images of the spill , but they are largely in the hands of the government or private satellite companies .
Mr. Warren ’s goal is to give citizens access to technology that will let them document the effects of the spill themselves .
He is putting the kite images into the public domain so they can be accessed and used by anyone without paying a fee .
Mr. Warren said his approach to taking photos offered a more human view of the devastation .
“ My favorite part about this project is that it really does make more sense to fly a kite with a camera on it than to try to take pictures of where you are all the way from space , ” he said .
“ You ’re literally holding the camera thousands of feet in the air with a string — it ’s a very visceral experience . ”
The images above and below were taken from the a balloon kit and show the oil spreading through the water .
See more photos .
More Americans moved last year than in 2008 , according to new Census data , but that was almost entirely the result of people moving within their home counties , as they lost their homes to foreclosure but had no incentive to move longer distances for new jobs in a poor employment climate .
The mover rate , which is the percentage of people who reported a move last year , increased to 12.5 % from 11.9 % in 2008 .
About 37.1 million people moved last year , compared with 35.2 million in 2008 , the Census said .
The 2008 figures were ...
Late Saturday afternoon , like clockwork , the street corner preachers on Crenshaw and King Boulevard in South Los Angeles take to the “ stage . ”
Decked out in flowing robes and dreadlocks , they fulminate into their mikes about the universe , God ’s will and “ unnatural ” homosexuals to a motley audience waiting for the next express bus .
Members of the Black Israelites , they are part of a long tradition of performative religiosity in urban African American communities .
This particular corner of black America is a hotbed of social commerce .
Kids who ’ve just gotten out of school mingle jubilantly as pedestrians flow past fast food places , mom and pop retailers , street vendors and Jehovah ’s Witness ’ hawking Watchtower magazines .
The Israelites have become a fixture of this street corner ’s otherwise shifting tableaux .
Exclusively male and virulently sexist and homophobic , they are tolerated in some African American communities in part because of the lingering visceral appeal of Black nationalism .
While the Israelites ’ millennialist “ racial uplift ” ethos ostensibly fits right into the bustle of this prominent South L.A. street , other belief systems are not as easily assimilated .
Since 2006 , the L.A. - based street philosopher Jeffrey “ P Funk ” Mitchell has been documenting his conversations with everyday folk on questions of atheism and faith .
Using the handle “ Atheist Walking , ” Mitchell also conducts free - ranging inquiries into Christianity ’s contradictions with a rolling video camera and a satirically raised eyebrow .
Adopting the role of the bemused urban flaneur , ala the commentator - pedestrian immortalized by French poet Charles Baudelaire , he delves into “ atheist spirituality , ” biblical literalism and the paradoxes of faith .
Mitchell is a member of the L.A. - based Black Skeptics , a group that was formed earlier this year to provide an outlet and platform for secular humanist African Americans .
The Skeptics are part of a small but growing segment of African Americans who are searching for humanist alternatives to organized religion .
In May , the Washington DC Center for Inquiry ’s first annual African Americans for Humanism conference drew over fifty participants .
Chat groups and websites like the Black Atheists of America have sprung up to accommodate the longing for community amongst non-theist African Americans who feel marginalized in a sea of black hyper- religiosity .
Organizations such as the Institute for Humanist Studies cultivate African American secularist scholarship and advocacy .
With over 85 % of African Americans professing religious belief , black religiosity is a formidable influence .
Racial segregation , the historical role of the Black Church , and African American social conformity reinforce Christianity ’s powerful hold on black communities .
Indeed , I was recently told that I ’d been deemed an unsuitable culmination speaker for a bourgie philanthropic organization ’s young women mentees because of my decidedly unladylike public atheism ( Perhaps the Israelite ’s Old Testament shout - out to silent prostrate women would be more acceptable ) .
Proper role models for impressionable black youth are , at the very least , skillful church lady pretenders with ornate hats in tow .
Secular organizations that seek to build humanist community with a predominantly African American base and social justice world view are challenged by the association of charitable giving , philanthropy , poverty work and education with faith - based communities .
For many , successfully emulating the strong social and cultural networks that have sustained church congregations is an elusive goal .
And then , there is the deep and abiding desire for belief in the supernatural , the ineffable faith - passion that propels some through the trauma of racial indignities and personal crisis .
Yet , humanism asks why we should cede enlightenment and the potential for restoration to the supernatural .
Humanism challenges the implication that the sublimity of the natural world , and our connection to those that we love , admire and respect , is somehow impoverished without a divine creator .
In one of his bus stop monologues , Mitchell comments , “ I want people to look at each other with the same reverence that they look at God and realize that ‘ we ’ did this , we made this happen . ”
The “ we ” represents will , agency , and motive force ; qualities that many believers would attribute to God as omniscient architect and overseer .
Non-believers are compelled to ask whether individual actions ( for good or ill ) are determined by God , or whether human beings simply act on their own volition in a universe overseen by God .
Since time immemorial , non-believers have questioned whether God exercises control over those who commit evil acts or whether hell is the only “ medium ” for justice .
By refusing to invest supernatural forces with divine authority over human affairs , humanism emphasizes human responsibility for the outcome of our pursuits .
Morality is defined by just deeds , fairness , equality and respect for difference ; not by how blusteringly one claims to adhere to “ Godly ” principles .
However , in communities that are plagued with double - digit unemployment and a sense of cultural devaluation , notions of self - sufficiency and ultimate human agency may be perceived as demoralizing if not dangerously radical .
As a child preacher steeped in the fiery oratory of the Black Church , writer James Baldwin recounted his growing cynicism about spreading “ the gospel . ”
Lamenting the grip of religion on poor blacks , Baldwin said , “ When I faced a congregation , it began to take all the strength I had not to …tell them to throw away their Bibles and get off their knees and go home and organize . ”
In Baldwin ’s view , organized religion ’s requirement that believers suspend disbelief and submit to “ God ’s will ” is a liability for working class African Americans .
Religious dogma anesthetizes as it bonds , a dangerous combination in an era in which the proliferation of storefront churches in urban black communities is a symptom of economic underdevelopment .
Echoing Baldwin , Chicago - based Education professor and atheist Kamau Rashid argues that “ Freethought is an extension and expression of the struggle that African Americans have waged for self - determination .
In fact it represents a heightened phase of such a struggle wherein one of the final stages of ‘ conceptual incarceration , ’ the belief in a God or gods , is discarded for a belief in the human potential , for a belief in ourselves . ”
And why , in a heritage steeped in the revolutionary thought of such dirty outlaw skeptics as Frederick Douglass , W.E.B. DuBois , Baldwin , Zora Neale Hurston , Langston Hughes , Nella Larsen , A. Philip Randolph , James Forman and Alice Walker , would this be so viscerally frightening ?
* With apologies to Bob Dylan
Sikivu Hutchinson
Sikivu Hutchinson is the editor of blackfemlens.org and the author of the forthcoming Moral Combat : Black Atheists , Gender Politics and Secular America .
WHEN Kevin Rudd became Australia 's prime minister in 2007 he promised big changes to the draconian treatment the conservative coalition of his predecessor , John Howard , had dished out to asylum - seekers .
He insisted his government would be tough on people - smugglers , but humane towards refugees .
Since then , his Labor government has speeded up the processing of applications , reforming a regime where some had languished behind wire for years .
On April 9th , though , the government suggested that humanity has its limits : it suspended processing asylum applications from Sri Lanka and Afghanistan for three and six months respectively .
Human - rights experts accused Australia of slipping back to the dark days of 2001 , when the former government sent the navy to push boat people back to sea .
The move is not quite that extreme ; but it is driven by similar populist impulses .
So far this year , the authorities have intercepted 42 boats , just 18 fewer than in the whole of last year , carrying 1,970 asylum - seekers ( compared with 2,726 in all 2009 ) , mainly Afghans and Sri Lankans .
The two groups make up 85 % of the boat people Australia has accepted as refugees .
Although the government abolished its predecessor 's “ Pacific solution ” , which sent detainees to grim camps in Nauru and Papua New Guinea , it still gives a nod to old Australian anxieties about the threat of incoming hordes from the north .
Applicants are now kept on Christmas Island , an Australian territory in the Indian Ocean , about 5,000 km ( 3,125 miles ) from the big cities .
The rising numbers might still be comparatively small ; but the opposition and the tabloid press have waged fear campaigns accusing the government of “ losing control ” of Australia 's borders .
The government justifies its new stand by arguing that Afghanistan and Sri Lanka are “ evolving ” from their war - torn situations ; it suggests a forthcoming review of both countries by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees might mean fewer asylum - seekers will be afforded refugee status .
Amnesty International , among others , is not impressed .
It worries that more countries could take Australia 's decision as a pretext to put pressure on the UN to stop processing Afghan and Sri Lankan refugees in Asia .
For other critics , the decision smacks more of a cynical fix to stop tabloid carping in an Australian election year .
Even that may not work .
Two boats with 55 passengers arrived within days of the government 's announcement ; more are said to be on their way .
Cathy Branson , head of the Australian Human Rights Commission , says Christmas Island 's remoteness and crowded conditions make it the wrong place to detain people .
Indeed , closing Christmas Island would seem to make sense on two counts .
It would save Canberra money .
And shifting asylum - seekers to the even more dismal detention centres on the Australian mainland might even deter boats .
The political risks , though , make such a move unlikely .
In a recent Sexist thread , a couple of commenters got to arguing a grim set of statistics .
The question at hand :
Which group experiences more rapes , men in prison or women outside of prison ?
In order to resolve this question , one commenter referred to the “ Prison Rape ” Wikipedia page , which reads : “ Stop Prisoner Rape , Inc. statistics indicate that there are more men raped in U.S. prisons than non-incarcerated women similarly assaulted . ”
I ’ve seen this comparison quoted on other threads , but I ’ve never seen any specific stats to back it up — - and the Wiki page does n’t refer to any , either .
I ’m a big fan of the work of the organization to which the stats are attributed — - Just Detention International , formerly Stop Prisoner Rape , Inc. — - so I reached out to JDI for some insight .
JDI program director Cynthia Totten had this to say :
JDI does not compare numbers of people raped in society vs. prison as a way to show how frequent rape in detention is — - doing so would be problematic and troubling on many levels .
Rape is devastatingly common both inside and outside prison walls .
The best academic research finds that 20 percent of inmates in men ’s prisons are assaulted while rates in women ’s institutions vary , with one in four inmates raped in the worst facilities .
According to recent government studies by the federal Bureau of Justice Statistics , approximately 60,500 inmates reported being sexually abused at their current federal and state prison in the preceding year alone , while 25,000 jail detainees were victimized in just the prior six months ; we can realistically say that at least 100,000 inmates are raped in prisons and jails each year , without considering juvenile detention or immigration detention .
Add to this the fact that annual jail intakes are 17 times the population in a jail on any given day , and this number likely represents only the tip of the iceberg .
Regardless of custody status , rape and sexual assault traumatizes millions of people in the United States every year , and we are committed to putting an end to this violence , no matter where it occurs .
I wholeheartedly agree with Totten :
These sorts of comparisons are profoundly unhelpful .
First of all , until a reliable study is undertaken to directly answer this question , it is scientifically unsound to compare studies that employ different methods , definitions , and standards in determining the prevalence of rape in different communities .
Second , these comparisons are often employed solely to derail conversations about addressing the problem of rape .
Comparing statistics about the prevalence of rape in different communities ignores the fact that rapes are happening , even one is too many , and all rapists need to be stopped .
When you say , “ You should n’t be addressing rape against women in society , you should be addressing rape against male prisoners , ” you stop a productive conversation about ending rape .
When you say , “ You should n’t be addressing rape against male prisoners , you should be addressing rape against women in society , ” you stop a productive conversation about ending rape .
What Totten — - a person who has dedicated her career to ending prison rape — - is saying is that we should be encouraging conversations about sexual violence against anyone , and supporting all organizations committed to ending this violence everywhere .
It ’s important to note , however , that these conversations wo n’t all be happening at the same time , and addressing one form of rape in no way detracts from the task of ending rape in all its other forms .
The work of ending prison rape is going to take a vastly different approach than the work of ending acquaintance rapes , or child molestation , or elder abuse , or the rape of LGBTQ victims , or male victims , or female victims .
That ’s OK — - as long as we also understand that the work of encouraging all of these conversations about all different forms of rape will not be accomplished by jostling for position .
As one commenter wrote on another rape stats argument : “ I ca n’t believe you all are arguing over this .
Some of you are essentially angry for not including everyone , while missing the point : RAPE = BAD .
Do we all agree on that point ?
Okay !
Good . ”
UPDATE : I forgot to mention that Just Detention International has attempted to edit the Prison Rape Wikipedia page with updated information — - for one thing , the organization has n’t been called “ Stop Prisoner Rape , Inc. ” for a few years now — - but the erroneous and unsourced statement has since been restored to the page .
Photo via amandabhslater , Creative Commons Attribution License 2.0
Image caption England need a win on Wednesday to guarantee progress in the World Cup
Employers have been urged by the TUC to allow staff to watch England 's World Cup game with Slovenia on Wednesday .
A survey of more than 140 firms by the London Chamber of Commerce found that two - thirds were not making any special arrangements for the 1500 BST kick - off .
The unions called on bosses to let staff watch the match either at work or away from the office if appropriate .
TUC general secretary Brendan Barber said employers should discuss the issue with workers " to avoid any tensions " .
' Everyone wins '
Mr Barber said : " Not everyone has caught World Cup fever , but there are people all around the UK who would like to support their countries at home , in the pub , or on the radio or internet at work .
" To avoid any tensions , bosses should discuss the issue with their staff .
We would encourage them to let people watch the games if they like , and then claim back their time afterwards .
That way , everyone wins .
" Whether it 's about major events like the World Cup or picking up the kids from school , allowing people more flexibility in how and when they do their work makes them happier , cutting absenteeism and raising productivity for their employers . "
The survey of companies in London showed half would not let staff watch the match , although bigger firms were more likely to show the game at work .
London Chamber of Commerce deputy chief executive Peter Bishop said : " While many employers will be allowing staff to cheer on England , for some companies , particularly smaller ones , they simply can't afford a drop - off in productivity .
" People may wonder what impact just one match could have on the office day , but when you consider that London has a huge international workforce , many working hours could be lost as some staff will want to watch a team other than England play . "
England need a win on Wednesday to guarantee their place in the knockout stages of the World Cup in South Africa after two disappointing draws against the USA and Algeria .
An argument over butter in a macaroni and cheese recipe churned into violence between an American brother and sister .
A 21 - year - old man called police to say his 17 - year - old sister tried to cut his neck with the serrated edge of a spatula .
The police report said the sister was making macaroni and cheese when her brother asked if she was using butter .
That led to an argument over the difference between butter and margarine .
And , then butter battle escalated .
The Wenatchee World reported the girl was charged in Douglas County Superior Court in Washington with fourth - degree assault .
Researchers have discovered a new strain of bacteria that can produce non-toxic , comparatively inexpensive " rhamnolipids , " and effectively help degrade polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons , or PAHs -- environmental pollutants that are one of the most harmful aspects of oil spills .
Because of its unique characteristics , this new bacterial strain could be of considerable value in the long - term cleanup of the massive Gulf Coast oil spill , scientists say .
More research to further reduce costs and scale up production would be needed before its commercial use , they added .
The findings on this new bacterial strain that degrades the PAHs in oil and other hydrocarbons were just published in a professional journal , Biotechnology Advances , by researchers from Oregon State University and two collaborating universities in China .
OSU is filing for a patent on the discovery .
" PAHs are a widespread group of toxic , carcinogenic and mutagenic compounds , but also one of the biggest concerns about oil spills , " said Xihou Yin , a research assistant professor in the OSU College of Pharmacy .
" Some of the most toxic aspects of oil to fish , wildlife and humans are from PAHs , " Yin said .
" They can cause cancer , suppress immune system function , cause reproductive problems , nervous system effects and other health issues .
This particular strain of bacteria appears to break up and degrade PAHs better than other approaches we have available . "
The discovery is strain " NY3 " of a common bacterium that has been known of for decades , called Pseudomonas aeruginosa .
It was isolated from a site in Shaanxi Province in China , where soils had been contaminated by oil .
advertisement
P. aeruginosa is widespread in the environment and can cause serious infections , but usually in people with health problems or compromised immune systems .
However , some strains also have useful properties , including the ability to produce a group of " biosurfactants " called rhamnolipids .
A " surfactant , " technically , is a type of wetting agent that lowers surface tension between liquids -- but we recognize surfactants more commonly in such products as dishwashing detergent or shampoo .
Biosurfactants are produced by living cells such as bacteria , fungi and yeast , and are generally non-toxic , environmentally benign and biodegradable .
By comparison , chemical surfactants , which are usually derived from petroleum , are commonly toxic to health and ecosystems , and resist complete degradation .
Biosurfactants of various types are already used in a wide range of applications , from food processing to productions of paints , cosmetics , household products and pharmaceuticals .
But they also have uses in decontamination of water and soils , with abilities to degrade such toxic compounds as heavy metals , carcinogenic pesticides and hydrocarbons .
Although the type of biosurfactant called " rhamnolipids " have been used for many years , the newly discovered strain , NY3 , stands out for some important reasons .
Researchers said in the new study that it has an " extraordinary capacity " to produce rhamnolipids that could help break down oil , and then degrade some of its most serious toxic compounds , the PAHs .
Rhamnolipids are not toxic to microbial flora , human beings and animals , and they are completely biodegradable .
These are compelling advantages over their synthetic chemical counterparts made from petroleum .
Even at a very low concentration , rhamnolipids could remarkably increase the mobility , solubility and bioavailability of PAHs , and strain NY3 of P. aeruginosa has a strong capability of then degrading and decontaminating the PAHs .
advertisement
" The real bottleneck to replacing synthetic chemicals with biosurfactants like rhamnolipid is the high cost of production , " Yin said .
" Most of the strains of P. aeruginosa now being used have a low yield of rhamnolipid .
But strain NY3 has been optimized to produce a very high yield of 12 grams per liter , from initial production levels of 20 milligrams per liter . "
By using low - cost sources of carbon or genetic engineering techniques , it may be possible to reduce costs even further and scale up production at very cost - effective levels , researchers said .
The rhamnolipids produced by NY3 strain appear to be stable in a wide range of temperature , pH and salinity conditions , and strain NY3 aggressively and efficiently degrades at least five PAH compounds of concern , the study showed .
It 's easy to grow and cultivate in many routine laboratory media , and might be available for commercial use in a fairly short time .
Further support to develop the technology is going to be sought from the National Science Foundation .
" Compared to their chemically synthesized counterparts , microbial surfactants show great potential for useful activity with less environmental risk , " the researchers wrote in their report .
" The search for safe and efficient methods to remove environmental pollutants is a major impetus in the search for novel biosurfactant - producing and PAH - degrading microorganisms . "
Collaborating on this research were scientists from Xi'an University of Architecture and Technology and Nanjing Agricultural University in China .
Tags
It is high time to shift out of the pragmatic mind - set that has been our national characteristic .
The grand alternatives for social organization must be reconsidered .
The loss of faith in the socialist dream has not , and probably will not , restore faith in laissez - faire .
But what are the effective alternatives ?
Does anarchism deserve a hearing , and , if so , what sort of anarchism ? — James M. Buchanan , 1986 Nobel Laureate in Economic Science
Most people do not even consider the idea that society can be organized without a state .
Anarchism is simply too idealistic or too different from the current world .
But does that prove that a stateless society is unworkable or that it should not be pursued ?
Or does that prove that most social order depends on the state ?
Throughout history , political structures have varied vastly over time , and just because a system was uncommon at one point in time does not mean that it can never come about .
Tribalism , monarchism , socialism and democracy have all been tried .
Why not anarchism ?
Perhaps civil society can be attained without government .
Without considering all potential methods to organize society , one cannot determine the best system .
Anarchists want their vision considered .
Whereas Thomas Hobbes believed that a war of all against all characterizes anarchy , anarchists believe the opposite .
Government is near - ubiquitous today , yet in the past century millions of people have been murdered by their own governments ( Rummel , 1994 ) .
Perhaps government does not create order and instead does the opposite .
Could it be the case that cooperation does not depend on government ?
Could it be the case that more cooperation would occur without a state ?
Although most people agree with Hobbes that some form of government is necessary , until recently the issue was merely an assumption that had never been analyzed from an economic point of view .
This changed in the early 1970s when members of the Center for the Study for Public Choice became the first group of economists to engage in a systematic study of these questions .
Explorations in the Theory of Anarchy and Further Explorations in the Theory of Anarchy , published in 1972 and 1974 ( Tullock , 1972 and 1974 ) , contained contributions by economists who became extremely influential in the following decades : James Buchanan , Winston Bush , Thomas Hogarty , J. Patrick Gunning , Laurence Moss , Warren Samuels , William Craig Stubblebine and Gordon Tullock .
These authors decided to ask the big questions rather than debating small changes in public policy .
In his autobiography , James Buchanan describes the project :
Winston Bush galvanized our interests in the theory of anarchy , an organizational alternative that had never seriously been analyzed .
What were the descriptive features of Hobbesian anarchy ?
Could something like an anarchistic equilibrium be defined ?
Bush was instrumental in organizing a series of weekly workshops in 1972 during which each participant in turn presented papers on differing aspects of the theory of anarchy .
As revised , these papers were published in Explorations in the Theory of Anarchy .
Those weeks were exciting because never before or since have I participated so fully in a genuinely multiparty ongoing research effort , one that we knew to be relevant in some ultimate sense …
For me this brief period of research activity was important because it gave me a new focus on my whole enterprise .
( 1992 : 116 )
From a Nobel Laureate , this says a lot .
James Buchanan dedicated his 1975 Limits of Liberty to Winston Bush , and from reading subsequent scholarship in public choice one can see how significant Explorations in the Theory of Anarchy was .
Considering the impact of Buchanan 's Limits of Liberty and Tullock 's Social Dilemma on the profession , it is not difficult to conclude that Explorations in the Theory of Anarchy is too important to be ignored .
As Winston Bush ( 1972 : 5 ) wrote , " Anarchy as an organizing principle for society must appeal to anyone who places individual freedom high on his scale of values . '
With the exception of Moss ( 1974 ) , however , none of the contributors to the original volumes believed anarchism was a viable alternative .
They believed that when government is lacking , people will be unable to engage in contracts , and their property rights will be insecure .
The lesson that most readers take from the original volumes is that government is necessary for social cooperation .
But did these public choice economists prove the necessity of the state ?
Maybe not .
James Buchanan seems less sure today than he was three decades ago .
In a recent publication , Buchanan ( 2004 : 268 ) wrote , " As I now reflect on that burst of interest in the theory of anarchy , I now realize that we were perhaps too influenced by the Bush - Tullock presumption to the effect that the behavioral hypotheses used were necessarily empirically grounded . "
The Hobbesian beliefs about human behavior might not always hold .
Buchanan ( ibid. ) wrote that their pessimistic assumptions " led us to neglect at that time any effort to work out just what an ordered anarchy would look like .
What would be the results if persons should behave so as to internalize all of the relevant externalities in their dealings among themselves ? "
Shortly after the publication of Explorations in the Theory of Anarchy , other free - market economists began defending the idea that the state is unnecessary ( Anderson and Hill , 1979 ; Cuzan , 1979 ; Friedman , 1973 , 1979 ; Peden , 1977 ; Rothbard , 1973 , 1977a ; Sneed , 1977 ) .
To these authors , society can have law , order , and private property without government at all .
In fact , they argued that government law enforcement is antithetical to the market system .
When Nozick 's ( 1974 ) Anarchy , State , and Utopia appeared , arguing that ordered anarchy is impossible , many authors voiced their disagreement ( Barnett , 1977 ; Childs , 1977 ; Davidson , 1977 ; Paul , 1977 ; Rothbard , 1977 b ; Sanders , 1977 ) .
Explorations in the Theory of Anarchy , however , has not received the same attention until now .
This volume contains seven responses to the essays in Explorations in the Theory of Anarchy , as well as reprints of seven original articles and new rejoinders by James Buchanan , Gordon Tullock , Jeffrey Rogers Hummel and Peter Boettke .
The younger generation has noticeably less faith in government than their predecessors .
They question whether markets are as fragile as the public choice economists believed and question whether government can be relied on as a solution .
Let us consider the arguments .
Winston Bush wrote the pioneering article , " Individual welfare in anarchy ' .
His work , a later version of which was published in the Journal of Economic Theory ( Bush and Mayer , 1974 ) , provides a mathematical model of social interaction without a state .
When people interact , they can choose to respect the other 's property or to engage in predation .
Bush argues that in a state of anarchy , individuals expend too many resources on predation , making both parties worse off .
After the distribution of property rights under Hobbesian anarchy is established , agreeing on a common set of rules will be mutually beneficial .
Although he favors society without rules , Bush believes that predation would prevail .
When Robinson Crusoe and Friday first meet , they know little of each other , might never interact again , and have no ability to rely on external enforcement , so we might expect the results of the standard prisoner 's dilemma to hold .
Bush might be considered one of the first pessimistic anarchists .
Jason Osborne , on the other hand , contends that even in these circumstances , people will engage in less cheating than the Winston Bush model foretells .
Drawing from work of Ronald Heiner , Osborne argues that individuals can adopt a strategy known as contingent cooperation .
This model postulates that even in one - shot games , individuals can communicate before interacting , thereby enabling them to detect signals about the likelihood that the other party will cooperate .
Even in one - shot games , humans have more knowledge about other people than the prisoner 's dilemma assumes .
Even if signal detection is far from perfect , we will see less predation than standard assumptions predict .
Gordon Tullock 's " The edge of the jungle " advances the Winston Bush hypothesis and argues that cooperation would be limited under anarchy .
Without government enforcement , long - term contracting and many other beneficial trades would not occur .
People would spend too many resources engaging in opportunistic behavior , which would eventually lead to anarchy 's demise .
Tullock maintains that those with a comparative advantage in the use of force will overpower the weak and impose government .
Although government could be used to redistribute resources , Tullock argues that creating this external enforcer could benefit all members of society .
The government apparatus still uses power to enforce the law , but it eliminates the use of force by others .
The ensuing reduction of conflict creates incentives for production rather than predation .
Christopher Coyne responds by describing how private law enforcement may solve the problems in Hobbesian anarchy .
Yes , society may need law enforcement , but it need not be public .
Coyne argues that Tullock has a narrow view of anarchy : anarchy means lack of government , not lack of rules .
Could it be that public choice economists would embrace an anarchy composed of privately generated rules ?
Coyne 's response describes the many types of private rule - enforcing bodies that exist and discusses how customary law , arbitration and systems of private security have created and enforced rules independently of the state .
The possibility of private property anarchy is a real one .
J. Patrick Gunning does not rule out ordered anarchy , but he believes that anarchy can only function at a primitive level .
He believes that more advanced relations involving trade require external enforcement .
In Gunning 's words , " Even if trades are expected to be infinitely recurring , there may be no trade . '
He gives an example of a pygmy and a giant who would be unable to make contracts unless a third party , a super - giant , entered the picture .
The supergiant is an analogy for the government that prevents cheating .
In this view , the government is potentially beneficial to all because it enables people to engage in contracts .
Peter Leeson responds by arguing that many contracts do in fact take place without external enforcement .
Perhaps Gunning 's assumption that parties necessarily cheat is nothing more than an assumption .
Leeson cites evidence from experimental economics to show that even in one - shot games without external enforcement , people are less likely to cheat than Hobbesian theory predicts .
We can not rely on law in the vast majority of social interactions , but the market still creates incentives for cooperation .
For example , businesses provide good service not because of rules but because they want future business .
In addition to cases without third - party enforcement , Leeson provides examples of third - party enforcement that do not use force .
He describes how multilateral reputation mechanisms can induce contractual compliance even though compulsion is not involved .
Engaging in contracts without government is only one issue ; having property rights without government is another .
James Buchanan analyzes the situation of Hobbesian anarchy as a prisoner 's dilemma in " Before public choice . "
Buchanan believes that people will act opportunistically when given the incentive , and although they would be better off following common rules , they have no way to commit .
Buchanan uses this to derive a contract theory of the state .
By implementing an external enforcer , the prisoner 's dilemma can be solved .
Benjamin Powell , in contrast , takes the assumptions of Buchanan 's model and asks whether government can bring an improvement .
Where Buchanan concludes that people will engage in opportunistic behavior when external enforcement is lacking , Powell does not question the result .
Instead , he uses the same assumptions as Buchanan to analyze the situation after we implement government .
Powell argues that the idea that government can solve the prisoner 's dilemma only holds if we assume the state to be an external force not constituted of humans .
Once we recognize that government is necessarily composed of flesh and blood , the same results do not hold .
If all people are Hobbesian egoists , why would we not expect government to act opportunistically ?
No theory or evidence suggests that people will become better once they join government .
Even if we accept the pessimistic assumptions , anarchy cannot be ruled inferior .
Thomas Hogarty tries to rule anarchy inferior on empirical grounds .
He provides three case studies to support why we should have government .
As his first example of anarchy , Hogarty points out that brown rats do not have government , and , in fact , often bite each other .
As his second example , Hogarty discusses how the children in Lord of the Flies did not have government and engaged in many malicious acts .
As his final example , Hogarty argues that a prisoner - of - war camp during the American Civil War provides an example of individual interaction without a state .
Rather than acting cooperatively , the prisoners engaged in aggressive behavior .
All three case studies lack cooperation , so Hogarty concludes we need government .
In response , Virgil Storr questions whether Hogarty 's examples justify government .
Yes , Storr agrees , brown rats removed from their familiar packs and placed among rats from different localities do in fact bite each other , but he questions how much this experiment can tell us about human cooperation .
Storr also questions the extent to which a children 's novel , a work of fiction , can be used to draw inferences about interaction under anarchy .
Finally ,
Storr takes issue with the treatment of an overcrowded POW camp as a case study in anarchy .
When government imprisons a group of people and controls their supplies , we should not be surprised if conflict arises .
To Storr , none of these examples provides evidence of deficiencies in anarchy .
Not only may anarchy be possible , but Laurence Moss argues that the idea has a long history in American thinking .
Although anarchist theory has been developed further in recent years , the idea that markets can function without government was popular in eighteenth - century America as well .
Moss argues that eighteenth - century anarchists such as Josiah Warren , Lysander Spooner , and Benjamin Tucker were simply defending the ideals of the Declaration of Independence .
Moss then discusses how this tradition has been picked up by Murray Rothbard and other modern free - market economists .
Even though most people consider anarchism to be radical , Moss concludes , " Property anarchism is as American as apple pie ! "
Warren Samuels dislikes this apple pie and worries about a pure market economy .
He believes that power relations will be present under private property anarchism , or any form of markets for that matter .
He sympathizes with the anarchist goals of freedom , order , and markets , while sharing a suspicion of the state , but he questions whether anarchism will deliver those ends .
Samuels maintains that agencies enforcing libertarian law would be nominally private but equivalent to government .
Samuels criticizes Murray Rothbard for simply wanting to replace one type of coercion with another .
To Samuels , the theory of anarchism fails to resolve the problem of power relations and thus should not be considered a superior alternative to government .
Not so , says Scott Beaulier , who takes issue with the argument that private law enforcement is just as coercive as government .
He points out that Samuels 's notion of power is so broad that any exercise of choice is an exercise of power .
Beaulier argues this cannot be used as a criticism against anarcho - capitalism , so the question is , what type of power relations do we want ?
Public law enforcement involves a coercive monopoly on power , whereas private law enforcement gives individuals a choice .
Because political power gives people no choice , it is often misused .
Politics simply replaces voluntary market relations with involuntary ones .
How does Buchanan respond to the new works herein ?
Does he take issue with the authors who reject the necessity of Leviathan ?
Surprisingly , Buchanan does not defend government against its critics .
Instead , he argues that the arguments miss their mark .
Buchanan maintains , " The seminar papers , as published in the small volumes edited by Gordon Tullock , as well as Tullock 's book , The Social Dilemma ( 1974 b ) and my own book , The Limits of Liberty ( 1975 ) , should , at least in part , be interpreted as reactions to the times . "
He argues they were a response to the encroaching disorder on many university campuses in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
This alternative explanation that Explorations in the Theory of Anarchy was less concerned with establishment of government but more with the establishment of rules is welcome .
Could these rules be privately produced according to Buchanan 's ( 1965 ) theory of clubs ?
Buchanan does not answer this question , but we hope future public choice economists will .
One such economist is Gordon Tullock .
Tullock takes on libertarian anarchist arguments in his response .
He maintains that although modern examples of private law enforcement are quite common , they all take place in the shadow of the state .
He argues that private police companies , detectives , mediators and arbitrators depend on government .
Reputation and boycott can work against untrustworthy businessmen but cannot work against those who use force .
Tullock argues that we need government to impede such banditry .
Those who are unable to protect themselves will be conquered or destroyed .
A professional military will nearly always be more successful than a band of disorganized militiamen ; hence the need , or the inevitability , of a national armed force .
Finally , Tullock brings up a number of other problems he sees with anarchy , such as traveling over private roads , quarantine and fire protection .
Although he recognizes that private communities do provide these services , Tullock attempts to blur the line between proprietary communities and local governments .
Jeffrey Rogers Hummel objects .
Tullock is wrong , Hummel argues , to conflate rules with government .
Just because condominiums undertake certain activities that governments also undertake does not make them governments .
Hummel further states , " Just as government is not a necessary condition for rule of law , it is equally obvious that government is not a sufficient condition for effective defense against invasion . "
He points out that nations are often overtaken by others , so the simple existence of government does not solve the world 's problems .
To Hummel the solution lies not in government but in persuading enough people to support liberty .
The use of force by any entity cannot persist if the public remains in opposition .
Peter Boettke concludes the volume by discussing the evolutionary potential of anarchy as a research program .
Boettke outlines how analytical anarchism is more than a normative endeavor .
The world has many puzzles that cannot be explained by theories that assume the dependence of markets on government .
In many cases contracts are enforceable , yet trade takes place .
By documenting how private parties find ways to eliminate opportunism , the anarchist research program provides a more accurate picture of the market process .
Even under conditions of large group settings and near - anonymity , market participants find ways to cooperate rather than cheat .
The endogenous creation and enforcement of rules is part of the market process .
Boettke concludes , " Work along these lines is not only valuable at a fundamental theoretical level , but also of practical significance as well as we attempt to wrestle with the great social transformations of our era . "
Although the younger authors believe the public choice economists of the 1970s offered a promising start , we believe that their analysis was incomplete .
Is social interaction without the state as bad as Hobbes and these public choice economists believe ?
Much of the recent analysis suggests otherwise .
But maybe it is true that humans are inherently prone to conflict .
Perhaps the Hobbesian dilemma is a real threat .
Whatever the case may be , government does not seem to offer a solution .
Either Leviathan is part of the problem or Leviathan is superfluous .
Under either scenario , anarchy might be the best choice after all .
We are glad that public choice economists started studying this topic three decades ago , and we hope to see a resurgence in explorations in the theory of anarchy .
