How four guys with personality disorders created the doom and gloom movement
The Rise of the Catastrophist – finally explained
If you came today to most Arsenal blogs for the first time , you would be excused from believing that doom and gloom is everywhere .
In the last couple of days there has been talk of “ mass protests ” at the Emirates Cup games , defection of half the squad , serious attempts to discredit the manager , and a debate as to who is going to be our new captain .
Just as I write this , one correspondent has written to Untold saying that Cesc has said lots of times that he wants to leave – without citing where and when this has been said .
Another begins by saying , “ I do n’t know if this is true … ” and then spend his whole email saying that the club is in disaster mode because it ( whatever the current negative story is ) is true .
So how did this happen ?
How could such widespread intellectual incoherence affect so many Arsenal fans all at once ?
I ’ve been trying to understand this issue of the Rise of the Catastophist for well over a year now – since a group of doom and gloom merchants decided to target Untold Arsenal for the first time .
What I have found is a bizarre series of events , one which I would not blame you if you did n’t believe it .
The fact is that I have held back from making it public for some time , because a ) I doubted that it would be believed , and b ) because I feared the catastrophists would be annoyed at being exposed for what they are , and might try another attack on this site .
But the hysteria has reached such a pitch that after a few discussions with Arsenal friends , I have decided to set out the tale .
It is long – twice as long as the normal Untold post , so apologies before I begin .
This is the story of how a tiny group of disturbed ( and probably unemployed ) people who have managed to influence the mass media , and get themselves a little bunch of depressed disciples who now make a lot of noise .
Between them ( the oddballs , the media and the depressives ) they give the impression that they are the majority , and that they have some sort of argument that deserves debate .
They are in fact a tiny minority and the argument , whichever way you look at it , deteriorates into a set of bland statements which fail to take into account the economic , political and corrupt reality of football today .
Watch Arsenal Live Streams With StreamFootball.tv
Before I begin I am going to deal with the current debate : Cesc .
I have no inside knowledge if he will go this summer or not .
What I know is that this hysteria has gone on every transfer window since we signed him , and he has n’t gone .
But I also know that Anelka , Henry and Vieira all went , and that Wenger has a habit of letting players go when they are ready to go .
I also know that each of those three has failed to live up to expectations upon departure , and although Anelka came good in the end , it took him nine years to rekindle his Arsenal form .
But in many ways that is not the point at all .
The point is that in the broader scheme of things , the departure of Cesc does n’t mean much .
If he goes , we can buy someone else ; he ’s not the only player in town , and if you look at our results over the last two seasons when he has not been there , we have not done that bad .
However what the Catastrophists and merchants of doom have done is somehow talked Cesc going into a big deal , so that if he does go , they can define this as the end of Wenger .
They ignore the fact that Wenger might see Cesc as now too injury prone , and a bad risk , so 40 million Euros now would not be a bad move given that player X ( who we have probably never heard of ) is on the horizon .
And that ’s what this is about .
Defining the agenda .
Much of my story is about how a little bunch of nutters have succeeded in doing just this – defining the agenda .
The first attack
I first started to become aware of something odd happening in the world of Arsenal blogging when I found a group of people taking comments from this site and posting them elsewhere .
I started to ban these people , and suggested to other sites that they do the same .
But they would n’t – which struck me as odd .
So I investigated further and found something rather bizarre .
Although each poster seemed to have a different email address it became clear that they were all using one of three computers to post the messages .
It took me a few days to tumble that the fifty or so apparent posters who were taking messages from one site and posting them on another , were actually just three people all writing under different names !
Obviously I blocked the relevant addresses – but then other people started to pop up , and this time they really got going , with a continual stream of anti-Wenger and anti-Arsenal propaganda .
They were fighting back .
They also got more sophisticated – avoiding the cut and paste and instead commenting on each other ’s posts building up the picture of doom and gloom .
If you read Untold you wo n’t have seen too many of these , because they and I were playing a cat and mouse game , of me trying to spot and block them before they got too far .
So they talk to themselves .
One made a negative point , and five minutes later the same person with a different email address and screen name would come on saying , “ Good point , what ’s more … ”
It took me a while to trace this back – and this time I found another four computers , generating emails in no less than 85 different email addresses !
In other words the entire Anti-Wenger postings came from a handful of people .
But it did n’t stop there .
Suddenly someone popped up on one of the leading sites linked to a broadcaster , using my name .
Now I must say that I am not so self - centred as to think no one else in the world is called “ Tony Attwood ” – but it is one of the more unusual names , it has variant spellings , and some people with my first name called themselves “ Antony ” or “ Anthony ” .
Then ( and this is where it gets freaky ) someone else started criticising “ Tony Attwood ” ( were they attacking me , or the other “ Tony Attwood ? ) .
I got a bit pissed off at this point , and wrote to the site in question .
They refused to act so I wrote a reply trying to do a bit of taking the high moral ground .
My piece appeared , and some people replied quite positively .
That seemed to be that .
Next thing I knew , although the original post was still there , my reply vanished .
I went back to the web site owners , protesting , and they said , “ oh technical problems , sorry ” .
The technique of the catastrophists
The catastrophists changed computers and started again with emails saying “ I do n’t know if this report is true or not but … ” and then continue to accept that the report ( of something they defined as a disaster at Arsenal ) is true , and then call for Wenger ’s head .
A variation on this involves making up a Wenger quote , quoting it ( obviously without a source since it is made up ) and then laughing at how anyone could be so stupid as to say this .
The media join in
Of course this was gold dust to any journalist looking for a simple story that could be replicated without work .
Today has been a perfect example .
Most of the broadcast media , and most media websites are running the Cesc to leave story , but when you look closely they are all using the same unattributed sources for Cesc ’s statements .
You can also see this in the way BBC Radio 5 debate players leaving .
Last week one journo on the site said , “ Arshavin ’s obviously going – he says so every week . ”
In fact he does n’t – the media says so every week .
The media repeats itself , but this gives the half a dozen or so catastrophists who run the show the chance to find stories to run with .
In other words the media creates the story , brews up a storm , and the player thinks , “ this is ludicrous , ” and so says , “ look , I do n’t need this media stuff , I think I ’d like to leave . ”
In other words the action runs :
Catastrophists make up a story
Media pick up and repeat as if fact
Player eventually has enough and leaves
Put like that it is a total miracle that Arshavin and Cesc have survived this long .
Indeed reading the doom and gloom catastrophist blogs you could be excused for thinking that Arsenal is Leeds , Doncaster or Chester in their darkest moments , combined .
Why should Arsenal get this level of attack , I wonder .
I am not sure but my father told me that it was much the same in the 1930s when we had the world - beating team .
Maybe today it is because Arsenal has developed something unique , which others cannot stand .
The extraordinary new approach to play , the world - wide scouting project that has delivered top players cheaply for years , the youth project which has just resulted in two Academy League trophies and one Youth Cup in two years , the profits , the doubles , the unbeaten season , the 49 , the ten years where Tottenham cannot beat us , the reduction of Tottenham to a laughing stock that has to issue DVDs just because they manage to draw …
If I had to pick one of those I would say it was the profit .
The media is very reluctant to look seriously at the £ 3bn that the EPL owes , just as the financial media did n’t want to touch the total disaster awaiting the west through its dependence on dubious mortgages .
Look at the papers today and they are full of Liverpool and Man U buying millions of pounds worth of players while they blame Portsmouth ’s demise on a bunch of funny foreigners .
They absolutely cannot grasp that football finance is as bent as Fifa .
Comparing the blogs to the ground .
There can be little doubt of the affection felt for Wenger by the majority of people who attend matches at the Ems .
In the ground on the final match of the season , he got huge cheers and chants .
Indeed the same affection can be felt in every game .
Wenger is n’t booed , he is n’t ignored , he is cheered and cheered , and his name is chanted with pride and passion .
One might ask , how many times do you need to hear , “ There ’s only one Arsene Wenger ” to understand what it means .
Now this gives another insight .
Not only is this group of commentators a tiny number of people knocking out emails under hundreds of different email addresses , they have no following in the ground .
And yet it can feel as if they are the dominant force .
But they always fall over in the same place : the anti-Wenger bloggers give no evidence only statements .
One wrote on this site recently , something along the lines of , “ Almuni , Denilson , Diaby should be sold .
I rest my case . ”
There is in a statement like that no case , because there is no argument .
Football is an astonishingly complex business involving finding the best players , persuading them to come to Arsenal , balancing the books , keeping the players happy even when not playing , keeping the wages under control , knowing to sell when necessary , and all the times taking on clubs who are willing to run themselves into debt , and clubs who have access to far more money than Arsenal has .
All the while we survive – which is a miracle .
Additionally we have the most wonderful stadium .
Additionally we are always in the Champions League .
Additionally we have a stunning youth team .
Additionally we can challenge for the league title with our reserve team .
And so they complain , and complain and complain .
There is also no answer to the “ Wenger as Chapman ” debate .
Chapman is rightly revered at our club as the man who used the foundation laid by Sir Henry Norris to build a modern successful club .
But he had five years in which the club won nothing , and had an infinitely worse league record than Wenger .
Would the dozen catastrophists bloggers andd their 500 email addresses have kicked Chapman out as well had they had the technology in the 1920s .
Probably .
So why to the catastrophists and the doom and gloom people do all this ?
Firstly they have real power .
There are only a handful of them , and yet they now have control over many of the Arsenal blogs on the internet .
They nearly took over this one , and it took me quite a few hours to track down the IP addresses of the computers they were using and prove to my own satisfaction that they were just a little bunch of people writing under multiple addresses .
Second , because they hate Arsenal .
That is quite a sweeping statement but I think now that it is true .
The doom and gloom brigade hate Arsenal , which is why they want to destroy the club through their resourceless attacks .
And let ’s be clear – attacking the players and the manager in this way could lead to a decline in the club ’s fortunes if it is allowed to go unchecked .
Third because these people are relentless .
They work through the day all day .
If they have jobs , they have jobs where they can spend time sending out negative emails to web sites all the time .
They are in fact obsessive neurotics .
Fourth because they feed on the press , and the press feed on them .
It makes life easy as a journalist .
Want a sensational story ?
Easy , read the blogs and run what they say .
Fifth , it is a damn site easier to be a negative blogger than a positive blogger .
As a negative blogger I could say , get rid of Walcott , he ’s useless .
Bring in a good winger .
Just like I might have said for two seasons , “ get rid of Flamini , he ’s useless . ”
Had we done we would have missed the one ( and only ) good season of his career .
In saying , get rid of Walcott I might say , bring in X , ignoring whether he would play for us , how much he wants , if he is for sale , how we deal with the 50 % tax plus 10 % national insurance , plus 20 % VAT ( after the budget ) plus the closure by the Revenue of the Virgin Island tax loophole regarding image rights .
That ’s why being a catastrophist is so good .
It is so utterly simple .
So what are we to do ?
As every game at the Ems shows , there is huge support for Wenger and the team .
The doom and gloom approach with its catastrophist members is run by a tiny group of people with a personality disorder , and they are very good at getting their message across on the blogs , and they are supported by the media and their fellow - travellers who do n’t have tickets .
And maybe , just maybe , that ’s the key .
These catastrophists resent the fact that they do n’t have tickets .
Of course there are some season ticket holders who dislike Wenger .
And there are many non -ticket holders who love him .
I am talking in general terms .
Exceptions are always there .
I ’m not sure if we should do anything , other than pity these depressive neurotics .
They are not really Arsenal supporters , because to support Arsenal means to support Arsenal , not hack away at them and encourage your top players to leave .
Their obsessional delusional behaviour is something they are stuck with and for that we can be sorry for them .
It ’s not nice .
Really guys , I am sorry you are so depressed .
I quite enjoyed last season .
Tony Attwood
The Untold Index to Everything Positive and Nice ( except Fifa and its bent world cup )
Woolwich Arsenal – now there is a club on the brink of disaster
The Book – not as useful as the Hitch hikers guide to the galaxy , but still , quite good for a read during the summer break .
Well , it ’s Thursday again , and I ’m back with another throwback to the past .
This week I have chosen Jake “ The Snake ” Roberts .
The reason I chose him is because I ’m working on promoting a wrestling convention called WrestleFest 2010 here in the San Francisco Bay Area , and Jake will be here next weekend signing autographs .
I thought it might be good to reminisce before he comes to town .
The first thing that comes to mind for me ( and probably everyone ) when I think of Jake “ The Snake ” is obviously his snake Damien .
Jake carried that green sack around with him all the time and everyone knew that his snake was in there .
Occasionally , the bag would move while sitting on the apron of the ring and it just sort of gave me the willies !
Rumor has it that Jake ’s finishing maneuver , the DDT , stood for Damien ’s Dinner Time , which is fitting considering after the match , Jake would open the sack and then place Damien on his wounded opponent and watch them squirm .
The one match that sticks out for me when it comes to Jake was back at WrestleMania VII against “ The Model ” Rick Martel in a Blindfold Match .
The match was made because previously Martel had sprayed some of his signature cologne “ Arrogance ” in Jake ’s eyes , blinding him .
After about six months or so of build up , this Blindfold Match was the icing on the cake .
Jake was a baby face , so he obviously had the advantage because the fans were on his side .
I remember him pointing in different directions and when the crowd cheered , he knew that Martel was directly in front of him .
Another thing I remember when it comes to Jake was his heel turn and feud with “ Macho Man ” Randy Savage .
It was during the time span when Macho and Miss Elizabeth were having their wedding angle .
One of the wedding gifts they got had a cobra in it .
As the feud went on there was a brutal scene where Jake had Macho ’s arms trapped in the ring ropes and I remember watching the cobra latch onto Macho ’s arm .
( You can watch the clip below ) Before I saw the clip , I could hear Vince McMahon ‘s voice on commentary saying , “ That snake better be devenomized ! ”
The unfortunate reality of the wrestling industry is the fact that some superstars abuse alcohol , prescription medication , and illegal drugs .
Jake was one of those wrestlers .
He had a lot of personal demons to deal with over the course of his life .
He tried to clean up and had a few moments where he was successful , but eventually things overcame him and he would head back to his vices .
As of now , I do not know for certain if he ’s clean or not , but for his sake I hope that he is .
The hardest part about seeing wrestlers in person at an indy show or autograph signing is seeing how they ’ve aged .
I hope that Jake is in good health physically and spiritually , and can look back at his roller coaster of a journey and is better for it .
If you have a suggestion for next week ’s Throwback Thursday superstar , just drop me a comment or send a message on Twitter or Facebook .
There were two interesting and interconnected trends on Twitter today .
One , #dontdoitnick , does n't need much explanation .
The only observation I would make is that a person who sits not very far from me in the Guardian office is claiming credit for inventing it on Friday .
Mind you , she also gerrymandered the office election sweepstake : her insistence that we designate speaker John Bercow as a Conservative handed her victory .
The other trending topic – top of the UK list as I write – is Sack Kay Burley .
What heinous crime can the Sky News presenter have committed , I hear you cry ?
Well , as she was broadcasting live today , a noisy protest march ( urging the Lib Dems not to sell out to the Tories on proportional representation ) made its way past the Sky News broadcasting position on College Green , London .
It prompted Burley to say , on air : " Lots of demonstrators shouting ' fair votes now ' – not sure what they mean by that . "
Was that political commentary from a news organisation supposedly bound by Ofcom 's impartiality rules ?
Surely not .
But that was n't the main complaint .
Her interview with one of the protest 's organisers , David Babbs of 38 Degrees , was also seen as unnecessarily confrontational .
It 's worth a watch on YouTube – by the end of it , she 's shrieking at Babbs , barely letting him get a word out .
It 's quite an extraordinary piece of television .
Paxman , it ain't .
Later , she was heckled by a protester who chanted : " Sack Kay Burley .
Watch the BBC .
Sky News is shit . "
You can see the that one on YouTube too .
Burley , ever the pro , responded at first with that glinting smile of hers : " Democracy in action right behind me . "
Many newsreaders have that annoying habit of declaiming sentences without verbs – but Burley has it particularly bad .
She can go for hours without the slightest hint of a doing word .
But the man got more angry and began shouting anti-Murdoch slogans .
Burley , who hurriedly cut to a commercial break , said : " They do n't like The Sun , they do n't like us , they do n't like Rupert . "
No , they certainly do n't .
Siemens Energy has received its first large - scale photovoltaic order from French firm Eco Delta Développement ( EDD ) , whose subsidiary Delta Solar is developing a 30 - megawatt ( MW ) solar photovoltaic park .
Under the contract , Siemens will handle the turnkey construction of six solar power plants with a combined capacity of 30 MW in Les Mées in the province Alpes - de - Haute - Provence .
The plants are scheduled to go on line in stages starting in the summer of 2011 .
“ With this order we are entering in the French solar market , ” said René Umlauft , CEO of the Renewable Energy Division of Siemens Energy .
The market will increase from today ’s 350 MWp installed solar plant capacity to as much as to 5400 MWp in 2020 .
“ With its vast experience in the turnkey erection of power plants Siemens is capable of implementing solar projects of this size .
In France we see good prospects for our future solar business . ”
The photovoltaic plants will be built on an area extending across 66 hectares on the Puimichel plateau .
Siemens as turnkey contractor will be responsible for all aspects of construction of the six photovoltaic plants , including civil works , supports , inverters , transformers , grid connection , control system and structures for the approximately 111,000 solar panels .
The order includes an operation & maintenance ( O&M ) agreement .
Image caption Colourful males have poorer quality sperm than their drabber counterparts
In a study of tropical guppies , scientists have found that the less attractive males have " better sperm " .
The research revealed that colourful flamboyant - looking males " invest " in their appearance at the expense of their sperm quality .
This suggests , the scientists say , that there is a trade - off between different characteristics that help the male to reproduce .
The findings are described in the Royal Society journal Proceedings B .
Professor Jonathan Evans from the Centre for Evolutionary Biology at the University of Western Australia carried out the study .
He described how his findings supported " sperm competition theory " , whereby females mate with several males and the quality and swimming speed of the sperm determine which male fathers the offspring .
Guppies are a particularly useful species in which to study this , because the males engage in two types of reproductive behaviour - courtship displays and non-consensual or " sneak " mating .
" Males that predominantly performed sneak matings were less ornamented but had faster swimming sperm than those that predominantly used courtship , " explained Professor Evans .
He continued in the journal article : " The reproductive advantage enjoyed by attractive males might potentially be offset by the poor performance of their ejaculates during sperm competition . "
Over the last few days , I 've focused a lot of attention on New Jersey Devils defenseman Paul Martin .
Before jumping into this final post about Martin ( for at least the next few days ) , I 'd like to explain what has gone on - in case you all missed it .
It all started back when I did an entire overview of the Devils ' free agents for the upcoming summer .
Here 's what I said about Martin :
A quick look at the UFA defensemen for summer of 2010 shows that Paul Martin could very well be the only player on the market who can lead a defense who is n't over 30 .
Yeah , Paul Martin 's going to get paid this summer .
Combine that with the fact that the Devils have only Andy Greene as a two - way defenseman , and keeping Martin is almost a must for New Jersey in my view .
I thought Andy Greene was great in this past season , but I 'd feel a lot more comfortable with Martin as the # 1 instead of hoping Greene can repeat his 09 - 10 season .
Therefore , to confirm what I initially thought , I started looking at Paul Martin 's effectiveness as a defenseman beyond what simple point totals or ice time would say .
I first began with a With Or Without
You analysis to demonstrate that Paul Martin largely has a positive effect on most of his teammate 's Corsi % - the percentage that the Devils are attacking more so than the opposition .
I decided to dig deeper .
Defense is a part of the game that is n't easily noticeable so aspects like hits or blocked shots stand out more .
Behind the Net tabulates on - ice and off - ice numbers for every player in the league , and what better way to determine how effective a defenseman really was ?
If a defenseman is really among the best in the league , then he should have a positive impact on his team when he steps on the ice .
I focused on shots against per 60 minutes ( SA/60 ) , goals against per 60 minutes ( GA/60 ) , shots for per 60 minutes ( SF/60 ) , and goals for per 60 minutes ( GF/60 ) ; both their numbers on the ice as well as the on-impact , the difference between the stat for that player off the ice and on the ice .
With the help of Derek Zona , I added adjusted Corsi /60 to emphasize each defenseman 's own Corsi value ( amount of shot attempts by team , higher is better ) while accounting for where they initially started on the ice .
Since Paul Martin's 2009 - 10 season was cut short by injury , I decided to do this for two seasons : 2008 - 09 , which was Martin 's last full season , and 2009 - 10 , Martin 's most recent season .
Through doing two seasons , we can see if any defensemen have improved or not .
For even strength , I decided to compare Martin only with those who have played at least 20 games and had a Time On Ice per 60 of 15 .
For special teams , I kept the same minimum game requirement , but reduced the TOI / 60 minimum to 1 .
Admittedly , I feel that even strength performance is far more important since a majority of a hockey game is going to be played at 5 - on - 5 , a top defenseman must be able to perform well there to contribute .
In any case , through this criteria , Martin has been compared with other defenseman who have played significant minutes for their team in either season .
Note : I 'm focusing on regular seasons only because the sheer lack of games in the playoffs make it difficult for comparisons .
Do I compare someone who 's only played 5 to someone who 's played over 20 ?
What about those who did n't make the playoffs at all ?
In a 4 - to - 7 game series , someone can get hot or cold and throw it off .
At least in 20 games , the effect of someone being " on fire " can be muted .
Besides , if he has to be replaced , then we 'll have a much better idea of who would be suitable to take his spot - much better than just demanding a blueliner who scored 50 points once upon a time or is a big guy who supposedly knows how to shut people down .
Here , the goal was to find evidence of who has an impact on the ice from the back .
In Part 1 , I performed this analysis for the 2008 - 09 season , as Martin was stacked up against 123 defensemen .
In Part 2 ( linked by Puck Daddy - thanks , Greg ) , the analysis turned to the 2009 - 10 season , where Martin was ranked among 132 defensemen .
In both Parts 1 and 2 , Martin stood up very well in most statistical categories .
Part 3 took a look at his on - ice impact on special teams from both seasons .
There , Martin did n't shine as much but he was n't a drain on his team for the most part .
Upon request from ILWT user Zelepukin , I compared Martin 's numbers generated and compiled for those three posts to those on his own team utilizing the same criteria .
Again , Martin was shown to the best defenseman overall in both 2008 - 09 and 2009 - 10 .
However , the comments there still have some users thinking that letting Martin walk is the best idea .
If you think that way , fine , but all I ask is that you take a close look at this post .
This is where I will compare Martin to his fellow pending unrestricted free agent defensemen for the summer of 2010 .
Again , I 'm using the same criteria and numbers from the first three posts - but filtered out only for UFAs by cross-referencing names with the CapGeek 2010 UFA Finder .
Please continue on after the jump to at least learn why I have found Paul Martin to be the most effective defenseman available on the UFA market for this summer .
It is advised that you set this post to " Wide " before moving on to see the whole chart .
For the sake of simplicity and giant charts , I 'll only be embedding the important ones .
NOTE : Any ranking highlighted in orange among the UFA defensemen means that player finished in the top 30 from the total population ( UFAs and non-UFAs ) in that stat .
Thanks to ILWT user Matthew Gigawatts Maneri for the inspiration .
2008 -09 Season
Power Play ( 5 - on - 4 )
# of Defensemen Total who Met Game / Time Criteria : 127
# of 2010 UFA Defensemen who Met Game / Time Criteria : 26
Link to SF / 60 , GF /60 and On - Ice Impact Numbers among UFA Defensemen
Link to SF / 60 , GF /60 and On - Ice Impact Rankings among all 127
The rankings among the 26 pending UFA defensemen are as follows :
Back in 2008 - 09 , your top power play contributors by these stats were Mike Van Ryn , Nicklas Lidstrom , Scott Niedermayer , Rob Blake and Paul Martin .
I 'd also include Sergei Gonchar if only for being just outside the top 30 in two categories plus putting in over 5 TOI / 60 on the man advantage .
Martin looks good here among his peers .
The only ones who really stand out in a bad way , in terms of their 5 - on - 4 contributions in 08 - 09 , were Darryl Sydor , Randy Jones , and Christoph Schubert .
Penalty Kill ( 4 - on - 5 )
# of Defensemen Total who Met Game / Time Criteria : 187
# of 2010 UFA Defensemen who Met Game / Time Criteria : 50
Link to SA /60 , GA/60 and On - Ice Impact Numbers among UFA Defensemen
Link to SA /60 , GA/60 and On - Ice Impact Rankings among all 187
The rankings among the 50 pending UFA defensemen are as follows :
The only player who was somewhat consistently ranked high was Ruslan Salei , who finished in the top 30 in three stats ( GA/60 was his shortcoming ) , and Francis Bouillon , who finished in the top 30 in only two stats but was n't all that far off from the other two .
Most of this list appears that a defenseman either ranked well compared to his UFA peers in shots against but not goals against , or vice versa .
As far as UFA defensemen that should n't been seen as PK superheroes , Garnet Exelby stood out as ranking low across the board among his UFA peers .
Derek Morris , Lukas Krajicek , and Adam Foote were also found to be poor contributors on the penalty kill relative to other UFA defensemen .
Martin did n't come close to the top 30 out of 187 in either stat , but he did finish above average among his fellow UFAs in all stats except for on - ice impact for shots against ( SA/60 Differential )
Even Strength
# of Defensemen Total who Met Game / Time Criteria : 123
# of 2010 UFA Defensemen who Met Game / Time Criteria : 18
Link to Even Strength On - Ice and On - Ice Impact Numbers among UFA Defensemen
Link to Even Strength On - Ice and On - Ice Impact Rankings among all 123
The rankings among the 18 pending UFA defensemen are as follows :
Click here for the full - sized 2008 - 09 UFA ranking chart
Let 's take a step back here .
Many more pending UFAs were found on special teams than on even strength .
That definitely suggests to me that most of the market is full of lower end defensemen who may play a particular role moreso than anything else .
If we 're going to consider how Paul Martin compares to his peers or even think of a replacement for him ( or even Mike Mottau ) , then we can only consider defensemen who have played regularly .
That the total population dropped so much is striking .
Anyway , by using the metric of top 30 rankings , I organized the chart based on who was in that select group the most .
I think a top defenseman should be in the best 25 % in his position based on the game and time criteria .
Here 's what stands out the most from this chart :
1 ) Only one defenseman had a SF / 60 differential that ranked in the top 30 among the 123 group : Paul Martin .
2 ) There are quite a few defensemen who did n't rank in the top 30 at all .
This is n't to say that they are awful , just that they are n't elite .
Among them , Toni Lydman and Dan Hamhuis stood out the most in my eyes .
Hamhuis was consistent across the board but not quite so well : no lower than 13th but no higher than 11th .
Lydman was usually no higher than 8th and only two stats below 10th , but there were some exceptions .
3 ) Mike Mottau may have faced the weakest competition ( check the QUALCOMPs ) on this list , but you can't say he did n't take full advantage with 5 top 30 rankings out of 9 .
4 ) Proof of a shutdown defenseman : Anton Volchenkov led the UFA group in terms of SA/60 and on -ice impact of SA / 60 ( SA/60 Diff ) .
Very good from him .
He was good in GA / 60 as well as a nice adjusted Corsi / 60 ; but the offensive rankings at even strength were very poor .
Well , he was a shutdown defenseman in 2008 - 09 .
5 ) Nicklas Lidstrom and Paul Martin lead the 2010 UFA class who made the 2008 - 09 list with six top 30 rankings out of a possible nine .
Among those stats , Lidstrom 's most impressive in my eyes was his adjusted Corsi / 60 , which was a ridiculously high 17.51 .
Martin 's most impressive stat in my view was his SF / 60 ; while not great among the 132 population , his 30.2 was the highest among all UFAs - and looks even better next to his SA /60 and GA /60 numbers .
A full season of Paul Martin playing regularly put him ahead of 16 other 2010 - pending UFA defensemen back in 2008 - 09 at even strength .
He never finished below 9th in any stat from that season , which shows how well he stacks up against his soon - to - be fellow free agents .
I do n't know about you , but I find that to be huge in terms of emphasizing how great Martin was and can be with a full season .
Only Lidstrom matched him in terms of ranking so highly , and he 's one of the greatest defensemen of all time .
That is excellent company to keep .
I 'm sure some of you 're thinking , " Great .
But as you keep saying , these are defensemen who are pending UFAs for this summer .
You know as well as I do that GMs and their agents are going to focus on their most recent season more so than 2008 - 09 . "
A very good and valid point .
Let 's move on to 2009 - 10 , but do keep in mind Martin 's excellent pedigree from 2008 - 09 .
Also keep in mind that those who met the criteria in 2008 - 09 may not have made it in 2009 - 10 , and vice versa .
2009 - 10 Season
Power Play ( 5 - on - 4 )
# of Defensemen Total who Met Game / Time Criteria : 118
# of 2010 UFA Defensemen who Met Game / Time Criteria : 25
Link to SF / 60 , GF /60 and On - Ice Impact Numbers among UFA Defensemen
Link to SF / 60 , GF /60 and On - Ice Impact Rankings among all 118
The rankings among the 25 pending UFA defensemen are as follows :
Scott Niedermayer and Sergei Gonchar , one season later , remained as two of the best defensemen in the game on the power play .
Nicklas Lidstrom will be considered among them though I 'm totally confused as to how his SF / 60 differential was so low .
Odd .
In terms of new names who stick out , Kurtis Foster was able to actually play some hockey after some serious injuries and helped out quite a bit on Tampa Bay 's power play .
Marc - Andre Bergeron did n't contribute so much back in 08 - 09 , but his numbers were significantly improved in this past season in Montreal .
Unless there 's something about them that I do n't know , it does n't seem that based on their 2009 - 10 power play contributions on the ice that Mark Eaton , Brian Pothier , Jordan Leopold , and Kim Johnsson should be seen as defensemen who can seriously boost a power play
Paul Martin fared well in terms of contributing to SF / 60 and SF / 60 differential ; but his GF / 60 and GF / 60 differential were much lower from how high it was back in 08-09 .
Granted , Martin played in October , where the man advantage was n't hot yet ; but it was good overall in most of March and April .
I 'm afraid I do n't have an actual explanation to account for this .
Still , the results are what they are : they show that he did n't contribute all that much to goals on the man advantage , especially relative to other UFA defensemen on the market this summer .
Penalty Kill ( 4 - on - 5 )
# of Defensemen Total who Met Game / Time Criteria : 175
# of 2010 UFA Defensemen who Met Game / Time Criteria : 43
Link to SA /60 , GA/60 and On - Ice Impact Numbers among UFA Defensemen
Link to SA /60 , GA/60 and On - Ice Impact Rankings among all 175
The rankings among the 43 pending UFA defensemen are as follows :
At last , Andreas Lilja supporters have something to exalt : he was great in limited penalty killing action !
May Lilja get more PK time !
OK , seriously , there are a number of defensemen here who ranked very well among UFAs : Toni Lydman , Derek Morris ( much improved over 08-09 ) , and Mathieu Roy .
While they may not have ranked in the top 30 in more than just one category ( or at all ) , Anton Volchenkov , Jay Leach ( in limited action ) , Niclas Wallin , Willie Mitchell , and Shaone Morrisson all did quite well .
Also , let me point out that Garnet Exelby improved in his contributions relative to his fellow free agents in 2009 - 10 ; good job for Exelby .
Paul Martin did quite well in terms of SA /60 and his on - ice impact on SA / 60 .
No problems there on the penalty kill .
But the GA/60 - so bad .
Just awful .
Any GM looking to sign him should pause a little bit and perhaps even explore as to why that was poor .
The low rankings there are almost in spite of the shots against rate dropping by just under 4 shots per 60 when he stepped on the ice .
However , the most important section should make that only a pause .
Even Strength
# of Defensemen Total who Met Game / Time Criteria : 132
# of 2010 UFA Defensemen who Met Game / Time Criteria : 24
Link to Even Strength On - Ice and On - Ice Impact Numbers among UFA Defensemen
Link to Even Strength On - Ice and On - Ice Impact Rankings among all 132
The rankings among the 24 pending UFA defensemen are as follows :
Click here for the full 2009 - 10 UFA Ranking chart
So much can be discussed from here .
Whereas in 08-09 , Volchenkov was among the best in reducing SA / 60 ; but he does n't even stand out in 2009 - 10 , he 's among the worst in SA / 60 differential - as in the SA /60 increased when he came on the ice .
Very strange for a " shutdown " defenseman , no ?
At least his offensive contributions improved from that season .
I 'm sure anyone looking to sign him will hope he can defend like he did two seasons ago while providing the offense and Corsi from this past season .
Mike Mottau faced much tougher competition in this past season than he did in 08 - 09 , and as such , he did n't rank in the top 30 in so many stats .
Not terribly bad across the board , honestly .
Some of the more improved names on this list in comparison with 08-09 include Derek Morris , Joe Corvo , Dennis Seidenberg , and Sergei Gonchar ( most notably in SA /60 ) .
The most improved players were Toni Lydman and Dan Hamhuis .
Between the two , I 'd prefer Hamhuis for his superior impact on shots against ( Lydman was bad in that stat ) and adjusted Corsi / 60 .
I think he 'll command
The best " debut " to the even strength list was Adrian Aucoin as GF / 60 was the only type of stat where he did n't rank highly among other UFA defensemen .
Excellent work by Aucoin in 2009 - 10 .
Rob
Blake got onto this list too , but his rankings were feast or famine for lack of a better term .
But the best remain the same from 2008 - 09 : Lidstrom and Martin .
I 'd say Lidstrom was better as he was more consistent across all stats in terms of ranking , and Martin had poor SF / 60 numbers .
Still , Martin should be seen from this as fantastic as he yielded the best SA /60 and SA / 60 on - ice impact in the entire league among the group of 132 , much less .
Seriously , the shots against rate fell by 7.3 shots per 60 when he stepped on the ice , down to 18.9 .
Forget Hamhuis and Volchenkov , that is shut - down defending - I defy you to tell me otherwise .
I rest my case .
( For now . )
Before You Ask - Criticisms
How can you say that Martin 's the most effective defenseman available on the market , when Lidstrom ranked just as highly as Martin and was vastly superior in some stats ?
Age .
Per CapGeek , Lidstrom is 40 and Martin is 29 .
Given his storied career and his fantastic talent , he has absolutely nothing left to prove in hockey .
Per Winging
It in Motown , he 's seriously considering retirement .
So I cna't say he 's really " available " at this juncture .
Even if he chooses to keep playing , why in the world would Lidstrom go into the open market now ?
Would teams want to splash the cash for a 40 - year old defenseman ?
I mean , I love Lidstrom 's game but I 'd doubt it out of fear that he can't continue his excellent play .
( I think he would be able to if he goes for another season , but it 's a fear all the same . )
Martin is in the prime of his career and put up the numbers he did both before and after his first serious injury of his career .
There 's no reason to believe he wo n't be sought after by multiple teams if he decides to test the waters .
The above as well as all of the other Paul Martin posts
Is this really enough games to evaluate Paul Martin upon ?
I focused on Martin 's most recent work as that 's likely how he 'll be judged by other teams determining whether to consider adding him to their roster .
In those two seasons , Martin played for two different coaches ; had multiple defensive partners in Johnny Oduya , Martin Skoula , and Bryce Salvador ; and still managed to perform very well among his own teammates and in comparison to other UFA defensemen .
In retrospect , I could look into 2007 - 08 from Behind the Net. Short of Martin looking miserable , I think all it would do would either add some doubt that arguable his 08-09 and ( to a point ) his 09 - 10 season answer ; or it would confirm the effectiveness of Martin as a defenseman .
This is n't to say it 's not a valid point ; I may do that anyway , just not right now .
What about GVT or other ways of measuring defensemen 's performance ?
I welcome all other alternative looks .
I did n't use GVT as it's a results - based stat where players who only played the part of a season are hurt by the calculation .
But I 'd be interested in other takes .
Feel free to make a FanPost or point me to someone else 's analysis of Martin , UFA defensemen in 2010 , or defensemen in general .
I 'd be happy to learn more .
Conclusion
In short :
Compared to his teammates , he has been the best Devils defenseman overall in the last two seasons .
A player who has contributed plenty to most of his teammate 's Corsi % in this past season .
Compared to his peers , he has stacked up very well in both 2008 - 09 and 2009 - 10 .
The only downfall are his special team numbers .
But his even strength performances cannot be overshadowed by them - again , a majority of the game 's played at 5 - on - 5 and Martin has proven from 2008 through 2010 that he 's got the goods .
Now , it has been shown that he 's relatively the best among pending UFA defensemen .
Only Lidstrom has matched him for the number of stats where he'd rank highly among other defensemen in the defined time and game criteria .
And Lidstrom may not even be available at all .
To me , it 's clear : Paul Martin is the most effective defenseman available on the market this summer , and definitely among the league 's best .
I do n't see how it can be honestly argued otherwise given his on - ice impact across these past two seasons .
What did you think of all of this work , as well as the conclusions ?
Please let me know in the comments .
Pin 2 Shares
Over the years I 've gone through different patterns in my financial life .
I have the times where I 'm dutifully following our family 's budget , and constantly keeping track of what is coming in , and what is going out .
I 'm on top of things .
Continues after Advertisement
Then there are the times when I just do n't stay on top of things as much as normal .
I let things get a little bit out of control because sometimes it just feels like we 're doing well enough – that we do n't have to keep as close an eye on how things are going .
When we start getting into that routine of not looking at things very closely , I tend to let things slide .
I start collecting receipts , coupons and checks to be deposited ( and more ) in my wallet , and it slowly starts getting fatter and fatter .
I end up getting what I like to call “ Thick Wallet Syndrome ” .
I 'm not the only one who gets this problem apparently , as it was the subject of an entire episode of “ Seinfeld ” .
George has a wallet so thick that it forces him to sit on an incline .
It even starts to give him back problems .
His wallet keeps getting bigger and bigger until near the end of the episode , his wallet is bursting at the seams .
It can take no more .
He tries to put one last receipt in the wallet , and it explodes in a shower of business cards , receipts , coupons and everything else he holds dear .
View what happens in the video below .
So what 's the solution to the problem of thick wallet ?
For me , it 's just a matter of getting to the point where I can't sit on the wallet anymore .
I end up having to take my wallet out every time I sit down .
When it gets to that point , I know it 's time to take stock of things .
It 's time to :
Enter receipts into You Need A Budget .
Shred receipts .
Get rid of random business cards from people I 'll never call .
Get rid of duplicate health insurance , auto insurance and other cards .
Deposit checks .
Take out all but the most important family photos .
For me the thick wallet is only a symptom of a larger “ I do n't care about my finances right now ” attitude .
If it only goes on for a week or two , it 's no big deal .
But if it turns into a month or more – look out .
Back problems ( and money problems ? ) can't be far behind .
It 's time to start watching the budget again , and tracking what we 're spending a bit closer .
I know this post is n't completely serious – but have any of you actually gotten to that point where your wallet is so thick that you sit on an incline ?
Why does your wallet get so big ?
Have you considered a man-purse like Jerry Seinfeld ( or Euro bag as he calls it ? )
Pin 2 Shares
Cyborgs are alive and well today and asserting their rights , presenting society with a challenge that needs to be met head on , one Australian expert says .
Dr Roger Clarke , a visiting professor at Australian National University 's School of Computer Science , will outline his argument in a keynote speech to the IEEE International Symposium on Technology and Society in Wollongong next week .
" The first generation of cyborgs is alive , well , walking among us and even running , " said Dr Clarke , an expert in social impacts of information technologies .
He says cyborgs are humans who use mechanical or electromechanical technology to give them abilities they would not otherwise have .
Dr Clarke says while today 's cyborgs may not yet be like those in the movies , they are presenting society with challenges that will only be exacerbated as technology advances .
He says pacemakers , " clumsy " mechanical hands and renal dialysis have led the " cyborgisation " of humans , which now includes technology that extends the neural system , restores hearing , enhances vision and gives us a sporting edge .
" We have not been reflecting on how fast cyborgisation is actually happening and the impacts it 's likely to have , " Dr Clarke said .
" It turns out there are quite a few implications for human rights . "
' Blade runner ' rights
Dr Clarke says the competing rights of cyborgs and non-cyborgs are central to the case of South African paralympic champion Oscar Pistorius , who uses springy carbon fibre and titanium legs to run .
Pistorius aims to compete alongside able - bodied athletes in the Olympics and Commonwealth Games , but has been challenged by authorities who claim his prosthetics give him an unfair advantage .
" He is making a claim that he has a right to compete against able - bodied athletes in the same races and in the event that he comes first , second or third , be awarded the appropriate ribbon or medal , " Dr Clarke said .
" The IAAF [ International Association of Athletics Federations ] is claiming in effect that either he does n't have that right , or the rights of able - bodied athletes to not have to compete against enhanced humans trumps his rights . "
It is possible that able - bodied athletes will want the right to participate in competitions that allow the use of performance - enhancing technology , Dr Clarke says .
For example , he says we may need to consider whether able - bodied athletes are to be allowed to participate in wheelchair races , which can be faster than running race
Enhancing senses
Dr Clarke says technology that enhances hearing and vision could also raise questions about rights .
He says while the cochlear implant is currently being used to give people some semblance of normal hearing , it could also be used to augment normal hearing .
Retinal implants and wearable computers could also be used to allow people to secretly record and transmit what they see , he says .
He says useful information could be overlaid on the image being captured , such as data from an infra-red scanner to indicate heat - potentially useful in military applications .
" People can be walking around with this extension and other people not realise they 've got it , " Dr Clarke said .
Dr Clarke says proposals to insert radiofrequency identification ( RFID ) chips in criminals or workers to monitor and control their movement also raises questions regarding the right to refuse implants that keep track of us in this way .
Rights galore
Dr Clarke says as cyborgisation is increasingly used in the medical arena , people may expect they have the right to have technology that keeps them alive .
" They may also want the right to have the technology removed when they want to die " , he said .
In summary , says Dr Clarke , cyborgisation of humans is leading to a plethora of questions about human rights .
" People who are using prostheses to recover lost capabilities will seek to protect their existing rights .
People who have lost capabilities but have not yet got the relevant prostheses will seek the right to have them , " Dr Clark said .
" Enhanced humans will seek additional rights to go with the additional capabilities that they have . "
Dr Clarke says engineers and others who develop these new technologies have an obligation to brief political , social and economic institutions on their implications .
" They have to date signally failed to do so , and urgent action is needed , " Dr Clarke said .
" The need for policymakers to wake up to themselves and get debating things is becoming more acute . "
Mr Denninger and Gold or Why the Dollar - Deflationists Are Wrong
Those who know Mr. Denninger know that he , well , for lack of a better word , hates Gold .
It only goes to show the level of disinformation and ignorance prevalent in our society when even smart people like Karl fail to get it .
From what I hear anybody even mentioning the word Gold runs the risk of being permanently banned from one of his " forums " .
In a recent commentary entitled " Ten Things for 2010 " he was at it again bashing Gold .
Here is what he had to say :
We 're not looking at hyperinflation folks , in my view - we 're looking at a deflationary collapse …
If you fear hyperinflation do not look to Gold , instead buy a small ( 5 % of your total portfolio ) position in far out of the money LEAP CALLS on the major indices , spread across them .
Why ?
Because ( 1 ) the tax structure on gold is unfavorable , ( 2 ) gold has never performed well on a contemporary basis .vs. inflation and ( 3 ) you can't eat it .
If you try to get around the tax man structure you 're going to get creamed ; governments can and WILL prevent that from working .
My recommendation thus is to buy insurance against a hyperinflationary event using instruments that do not try to evade the formal financial structure , are levered ( to get around the tax hit ) and are defined risk ( so as to avoid losing your ass if you 're wrong . )
Really Karl ?
LEAP
Calls ?
In a hyperinflation ?
That ’s a good way to lose 5 % your portfolio .
I ’m assuming you know what hyperinflation is - in a hyperinflation the currency becomes worthless , as in toilet - paper .
Why would anyone want to get paid their " winnings " in a worthless currency , assuming there are stock indices and counterparties left who can pay off these worthless winnings when countries collapse ?
And the tax structure is FAR more favorable for Gold than ANYTHING else , if only you are not in the habit of bending over .
Buy cash and keep your mouth shut – it ’s very simple – or just move to another country where the government is not as intent on raping its citizens .
I know privacy is a foreign concept in America these days , but still .
All your other assets , including stock market profits , are fully open to the government and there is nothing stopping them from taxing them to the hilt .
Trust me , when it all hits the fan Gold in your personal possession will be your best friend .
Which brings me to my favorite part :
gold has never performed well on a contemporary basis .vs. inflation Poor Gold .
The thing gave an instant 75 % profit when Roosevelt confiscated it in 1933 and rose 24 x ( yes , that ’s 24 TIMES ) from $ 35 to about $ 850 in a space of 10 years from 1970 to 1980 .
And even during the past decade from 2000 - 2010 it has risen 5 x outperforming ALL asset classes .
Overall , from 1933 till date it has risen about 60 x .
That is , if you simply held Gold since 1933 you would be now 60 times richer , at least in nominal terms .
Yet nobody remembers all that .
All they remember is the lousy 20 years from 1980 - 2000 when the full force of the derivatives market was brought to bear upon it to suppress it ’s price ( well , that ’s a topic for another post ) , as is being done even now absent which it would have easily crossed 10 x ( from the 2000 low ) by now – which it will at some point in the future as the market cannot be suppressed forever .
Indeed , the longer the suppression , the more forceful the eventual price rise as happened when the London Gold Pool collapsed during the late sixties soon after which Gold shot up 24 x during the next decade .
If you ’re not that devoted a disciple of Karl I suggest you hang on to your Gold for a little while longer .
In my humble opinion , it will outpace all gains in all other asset classes since the creation of the dollar – in not only nominal , but real purchasing power terms .
And then there was this again :
The last time I checked they did n't take 100 oz bars at WalMart , but they sure do take $ 100 bills
And the last time I checked Karl , they were n’t taking stock certificates and bonds either .
Also , there was a funny thing I noticed : there was NOTHING stopping me from getting dollar bills , euros , yen – you name it – for my Gold .
In fact , everytime I sold some Gold I got even more paper tickets than the last time – which meant that I could buy even more stuff with the same amount of Gold .
How surprising , no ?
Well , Karl was definitely surprised :
Precious metals will not be a safe haven : Clean miss .
Gold and silver have both performed well .
And talk about reaching wrong conclusions : Discovery that the metals market has been " polluted " to the point of irrelevance would mean that those around the world who had bought and were holding alleged gold bars that in fact are n't gold had tendered good money for nothing .
This would be a monstrous deflationary event - after all , the definition of deflation is the destruction of money , and that 's exactly what would have happened , just as if you took a stack of $ 100 bills and burned them in your back yard .
No Karl , the bills still exist – in the bank account of whoever was paid to obtain the said Gold .
It is the Gold which is discovered to be no longer existing , thus causing the apparent supply to be further reduced and spiking the price .
Karl thinks he ’ll be safe watching these “ fireworks ” from the sidelines .
Not so Karl .
By not buying Gold ( and holding dollars ) , you are smack in the middle of them .
You are not simply “ missing out ” on some investment gain but stand to lose everything as the purchasing power of the dollar is decimated .
This is why those advocating holding only paper cash as a “ safe alternative ” are in fact harming those who listen to them .
Now do n’t get me wrong - I agree with a lot of what he says in general – he ’s a good reporter ( which is why I keep him on my “ must read ” list ) - but when it comes to Gold , Karl simply does n’t “ get it ” .
First of all , when you talk about deflation you have to ask the question , “ In terms of what ? ” .
Most people ala Mish , Prechter , Karl et. al. when they talk about deflation are referring to deflation in terms of the dollar , i.e. they are , in fact , “ dollar - deflationists ” * .
One ca n’t really blame them since the dollar is considered by most people as “ money ” today and is therefore their frame of reference .
But this is a critical error of perception that will prove fatal to those who hold their life ’s savings in dollars when it all finally implodes .
The dollar today is just another fiat currency created at will out of thin air by bankrupt and corrupt governments and their Central Banks .
It is an illusion of money , not money ; which brings us to the question of :
What is money ?
This is a topic which can fill an entire book , but I ’ll just quote the best one I found ( Mises ) :
In the marketability of the various commodities and services there prevail considerable differences .
There are goods for which it is not difficult to find applicants ready to disburse the highest recompense which , under the given state of affairs , can possibly be obtained , or a recompense only slightly smaller .
There are other goods for which it is very hard to find a customer quickly , even if the vendor is ready to be content with a compensation much smaller than he could reap if he could find another aspirant whose demand is more intense .
It is these differences in the marketability of the various commodities and services which created indirect exchange .
A man who at the instant cannot acquire what he wants to get for the conduct of his own household or business , or who does not yet know what kind of goods he will need in the uncertain future , comes nearer to his ultimate goal if he exchanges a less marketable good he wants to trade against a more marketable one .
It may also happen that the physical properties of the merchandise he wants to give away ( as , for instance , its perishability or the costs incurred by its storage or similar circumstances ) impel him not to wait longer .
Sometimes he may be prompted to hurry in giving away the good concerned because he is afraid of a deterioration of its market value .
In all such cases he improves his own situation in acquiring a more marketable good , even if this good is not suitable to satisfy directly any of his own needs .
A medium of exchange is a good which people acquire neither for their own consumption nor for employment in their own production activities , but with the intention of exchanging it at a later date against those goods which they want to use either for consumption or for production .
Money is a medium of exchange .
It is the most marketable good which people acquire because they want to offer it in later acts of interpersonal exchange .
Money is the thing which serves as the generally accepted and commonly used medium of exchange ...
( All emphasis mine )
Money was created by the markets ; by humans trading goods and services amongst themselves ; by the need for indirect exchange .
This is one of the major misconceptions of the dollar - deflationists - that money is what the government says it is .
Although Governments do their best to convince people otherwise , including putting a gun to their collective heads via legal tender laws , they cannot dictate what money is – not for long periods of time anyways – which is why whereas Gold has been money for thousands of years , you ’d be hard pressed to find a fiat currency that has existed past a few decades .
The present period is one such short period of mass delusion where the majority has been convinced – including , apparently , Mr. Denninger - that the colored pieces of paper being printed by various men behind the curtains is , in fact , money .
Gold is the commodity that humans chose to be “ money ” - the most marketable good .
It did n’t happen overnight , but over thousands of years of evolution .
Billions of trading decisions over centuries made by free men of their own volition – the collective wisdom – installed Gold as money .
It needs no government violence to enforce as money because the force of nature that is the market chose it to be money .
Indeed , it was the governments who hijacked the free - market commodity money of Gold into “ backing ” their various fraudulent paper money scams using fractional reserve systems .
Why ?
Because the power to create money is the ultimate power .
It is not for no reason that Mayer Amschel Rothschild said :
“ Give me control of a nation 's money and I care not who makes her laws . ”
And why do we know Gold is still money today ?
It ’s simple – Gold has the highest stocks to flow ratio of any commodity i.e. its total above ground stockpile is very large compared to its annual production which is NOT the case for other commodities .
The reason for this is that while other commodities are primarily mined for consumption , Gold is not consumed but hoarded .
Its primary function is that of a store of value – a wealth reserve .
Why do you think the Central Banks keep Gold on their balance sheet even today ?
Right .
Even the Gold jewellery demand in countries like India is , in fact , investment demand in disguise – hidden firmly behind veils of religion and culture to protect their real wealth from the depredations of various rulers and governments that have pillaged her over the many thousands of years of her existence .
Moreover , even though most people do n’t realize it , even today the dollar is only acceptable as money because it is indirectly “ backed ” by Gold ( via the derivatives market ) i.e. you can get Gold in exchange for paper dollars on the open market .
The proof of this lies in the fact that were , for some reason , the convertibility of Gold into dollars suspended today [ on the open market ] , the dollar would instantly collapse .
Gold IS
Money – not the dollar , not ANY fiat currency .
Period .
As the king of banksters J.P. Morgan himself testified before the Pujo Committee in 1913 :
“ Gold is money and nothing else ” The Fiat Money Scam
Throughout history no fiat currency has survived – ever .
There is a reason for it .
Paper money is inherently a scam – a scheme to loot the people who actually produce the goods and services in the economy .
Just because it is legalized and its perpetrators hold fancy government titles does not mean it is not a fraud .
The issuer can create unlimited pieces of paper – or computer bits today – at essentially no cost and use them to appropriate real goods and services in the economy .
So whereas you and I have to actually do real work to procure it , the printers of the currency can basically print whatever they need .
This is why there is a constant inflation of money supply under a fiat money regime as has been the case since the Federal Reserve was established in the US in 1913 , as constant theft requires constant creation of new money .
The evidence of this inflation is the annihilation of the dollar ’s purchasing power since then :
The Dollar 's Purchasing Power Since the Creation of the Federal Reserve in 1913
This is why we have legal tender laws making the unconstitutional Federal Reserve Notes legal tender with the monopoly of the private banking cartel ( i.e. the Federal Reserve ) enforced by the courts enabling the banks and the government to essentially enslave the populace .
This is also exactly why the founders of America prohibited anything except Gold and Silver to be used as money , and why the governments go to great lengths to suppress their price .
Indeed , America today is the very antithesis of what its founders intended .
The fraudulent money system today is the source of all the rottenness .
The various scams in progress today - the entrenched corruption - can be all be traced back to it .
The rot is at the very top of the pyramid from which the fountain of fiat money emanates .
It is indeed telling that the two World Wars occurred right after creation of the Federal Reserve .
Further , no amount of prosecution will fix the system because the prosecutors themselves have been corrupted .
As Ayn Rand said :
" When you have made evil the means of survival , do not expect men to remain good .
Do not expect them to stay moral and lose their lives for the purpose of becoming the fodder of the immoral .
Do not expect them to produce , when production is punished and looting rewarded .
Do not ask , ' Who is destroying the world ?
You are . ”
It is too lucrative a scam to be given up voluntarily by those owning the printing press while the going is still good .
It is like expecting a thief to stop stealing while not only being immune from any sort of legal prosecution , but actually having the power to create laws .
The system cannot be fixed - the only way this will stop is a collapse of the existing system so that a new one can be built – and we are in the middle of it right now .
Deflation in Terms of Gold , Hyperinflation in Terms of the Dollar
By its very nature , due to economic control being concentrated in a few hands and fraudulent creation of money out of thin air , the fiat money system creates massive misallocations of capital and resources throughout the economy .
The economy under a fiat money system is no different than a centrally planned one , such as the Soviet Union .
Moreover , since the entire world is on a fiat money standard today – with the various fiat currencies themselves being “ backed ” by the fiat dollar - misallocations of capital have occurred throughout the world resulting in malinvestments .
These misallocations are both material and human , as exemplified by the skyrocketing unemployment rate .
The malinvestments now need to be liquidated i.e. converted to the most liquid form – “ the most marketable good ” or money - so that the capital can be reallocated to more productive uses .
Loans are called in as they can no longer be serviced .
This results in deflation , i.e. rising demand for money in relation to everything else , and consequently falling prices and increasing purchasing power of money .
Moreover , economic uncertainty means that more and more people want to hold “ the most marketable good ” i.e. money thus further increasing the demand for money .
Now normally – since a lot of debt - money is destroyed in the process and there is a rising demand for money - this would lead to a rising dollar ( in terms of purchasing power , not the meaningless DXY ) , but that would mean that the whole “ theft - via - inflation ” scam would fall apart .
The government ca n’t tax a rising purchasing power !
They simply CANNOT allow deflation in a fiat money regime as it would defeat its very purpose – that of allowing them to appropriate resources from the rest of the economy .
This would threaten their very existence .
This is why holes created on the banks ’ balance sheets by defaulting loans – which would normally create deflation - are being eagerly filled by the Central Banks .
This is why the Fed is now simply printing money out of thin air – both overtly and covertly , with the derivatives market being cleverly used to absorb the excess money creation ( so you were wondering why the derivatives monster is increasing exponentially in size ? ) - to fund the government ’s operations as there is not enough money in the market to lend to the government .
Hiding under esoteric nonsense terms like “ quantitative easing ” does not change the fact that it is simply creating money via ledger entries and outright STEALING .
Whether they “ allow ” it or not deflation WILL take place – not in terms of dollars , but in terms of Gold .
It ’s simply forces of nature – the market – at work .
The dollar deflationists expect the dollar to suddenly reverse its 100 year long drop in purchasing power .
Ain’t gonna happen .
What the government is doing now – i.e. spending raw printed money into a contracting economy - assures us that we will end up with the hyperinflation of the dollar .
The only thing they can do is prolong its demise with intermittent bouts of induced apparent “ deflation ” to keep the inflationary scam going a little bit longer - remember 2008 ? ( h/t Gary ) .
Initially , of course , many people ( such as Mr. Denninger ) – mistakenly thinking the dollar to be “ money ” – will rush to its perceived safety causing the dollar to rise .
But ultimately , as more and more people realize that the government will not – indeed , cannot – stop inflating the currency into oblivion , will choose to hold the ultimate “ marketable good ” , i.e. Gold .
This is the reason why Gold is the only asset class at new all time highs .
Rest assured , even the big boys are holding Gold in their private vaults , not dollars .
Is there any sense in holding something you can create at will ?
Ultimately , there can only be deflation in terms of commodity based money such as Gold since it cannot be created out of thin air .
Indeed , we have already been deflating in terms of Gold for the past decade .
Just look at the various commodities , the stock market , real estate – pretty much anything - priced in Gold – it ’s all going down :
SPX priced in Gold ( 2000 - 2010 )
Exter 's Liquidity Pyramid
As capital goes down the liquidity pyramid in search of the most marketable good , all the money derivatives – including the dollar – will collapse returning all capital to where it came from : Gold ; a global reset , if you will , with only holders of Gold left standing when the dust settles :
You Cannot Eat Gold , But You Ca n’t Eat Dollars Either
That has to be one of the lamest arguments against Gold – ever .
It is the sign of a closed mind .
It shows that you do n't know ANYTHING about human history , which is not surprising considering the sorry state of our government controlled " education system " .
You can not eat FRN ’s either – why not just burn them ?
The function of money is not to be eaten but to be used as a medium of exchange and store of wealth i.e. to get what you want to eat at an indefinite time in the future .
And while with Gold you are assured of getting at least something in return in the future , whether it is an edible product or not , it is not so with dollars .
Fiat money has a problem in that it lasts only as long as the government enforcing its use does .
In times of economic uncertainty , such as today , when the very survival of various governments is at stake ( yes , that includes the US Government ) do you want to hold Gold or their worthless colored paper tickets ?
Gold is the only money that has outlasted empires and governments - no fiat currency has .
Think about it - what will your dollars be worth when there is no government to enforce it as legal tender ?
Yup – zip , zilch , ZERO .
And to those who say that we will not need Gold ( but something else like food or guns ) in such extreme circumstances , I say that empires and governments have constantly collapsed throughout history but it did not mean the end of the world .
As long as you believe that human society will exist and there will be division of labor , you need money ( i.e. Gold ) – because :
a) You cannot store indefinitely all your needs especially perishable items such as food .
b ) You do not know with 100 % certainty what you will need in the future .
c ) You cannot produce / manufacture everything that you will need today or in the future by yourself .
Even if the government does not collapse there is nothing stopping it from devaluing the currency at will in a step function thereby instantly appropriating a vast amount of your savings , as has already happened not once but twice with the dollar since the creation of the Federal Reserve .
I mean really , the facts are so obvious that you have to be either be in total and complete denial ( perhaps due to having already put all your eggs in the dollar basket ) or in collusion with the people promoting the paper money scam .
Gold is the currency beyond Governments .
It is the most liquid form of money accepted throughout the world – the true reserve currency of the world - whereas Dollars , Yuans and Euros etc. are only guaranteed to be accepted within their own respective countries , and as long as their respective governments last .
Why would you want to tie yourself down to the paper currency of a particular nation , especially in times of such turbulence ?
It points to a very limited sphere of thinking when you advocate that holding only dollars is the best strategy .
It is a fallacy to believe that there is no refuge outside the system ; that you have to be trading paper tickets all the time to “ keep up ” with the dilution of your purchasing power or just stand by idly holding dollars while the government rapes you .
Gold is your refuge outside the system .
Got Gold , Mr. Denninger ?
__________________________________________________________________________________
* In general we can state that they are “ fiat - money deflationists ” since the process of money creation is same in all the countries i.e. money is created as debt and the collapse will follow a similar route .
The only caveat in my opinion is that since the dollar backs all the other fiat currencies , it * might * collapse last .
Also , to keep things simple , for the rest of the discussion , we ’ll simply use the term “ dollars ” with the understanding that it can be used interchangeably with the general terms “ fiat currency ” or “ fiat money ” since it is one itself .
By Gordon Gekko
http://gordongekkosblog.blogspot.com
© 2010 Copyright Gordon Gekko - All Rights Reserved
Disclaimer :
The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice .
Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilising methods believed to be reliable , but we cannot accept responsibility for any losses you may incur as a result of this analysis .
Individuals should consult with their personal financial advisors .
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
Shelby Moore ( author of " How Inflation is Deflation " )
03 Jun 10 , 20:22 Bravo !
You 've summarized nearly everything I have been writing at my goldwetrust.up - with forum , including the debate I 've had with Denninger and Mish Shedlock .
You only missed a few details , such as that gold responds to negative real interest rates ( although you 've essentially explained the phenomenon why ) :
http://www.marketoracle.co.uk/Article19888.html
Shelby Moore
03 Jun 10 , 20:39 Why Denninger Hates Gold
In my private emails with Karl Denninger , I summized that the reason he hates gold so much is it would enable the crooks to escape the reach of the law .
And it would create an inequal society , because all the middle class would be without gold .
He said we gold bugs deserve to be incarcerated and worse ( I dare not repeat the physical voilence he feels towards gold bugs ) .
Understand that Denninger is a socialist .
He believes govt and laws are a solution .
It is very important that people understand what socialism is precisely and that capital is not money : http://goldwetrust.up-with.com/economics-f4/is-capitalism-or-is-socialism-increasing-t18.htm#3091
" Socialism is the redistribution of capital from individual decisions to central managers . "
" Financial capital is any form of wealth capable of being employed in the production of more wealth . "
As for the people who refuse to buy gold and / or buying it later than the banksters did , well that is going to be a learning experience for them .
That is the way capitalism works , it punishes ignorance .
And any other system , one that tries to regulate fairness , as per Denninger 's desire , becomes much more unfair and even genocidally fascism at its end .
And besides , there really is n't a choice .
Nature is in control and gold will perform its function irregardless of mice and men .
The people deserve what is coming to them , because for decades they have been demanding socialism ( something for nothing ) .
Debt is socialism , it takes capital from those who worked and redistributes those who did not work .
It centralizes capital in the hands of the most ignorant .
And no amount of regulation or laws can change the fact that debt is socialism .
Shelby Moore
04 Jun 10 , 12:20 Mish Shedlock debate
I also debated one of the other prominent dollar - deflationalists , Mish Shedlock : http://goldwetrust.up-with.com/economics-f4/inflation-or-deflation-t9-360.htm#3008
Note Gordon
Gekko stated in the above article what I have also stated , that we have had and will continue to have deflation relative to gold .
Other than credit saturated assets such as western real estate , we have had and will continue to have high rates of price inflation .
The hyper - inflationary event coming will be caused not by price inflation , but when the public realizes that only 10 % of the dollar economy is real : http://goldwetrust.up-with.com/economics-f4/is-capitalism-or-is-socialism-increasing-t18-45.htm#3154
Shelby Moore
10 Jun 10 , 01:28 Natural law applies
Denninger understands most of it , except he fails to respect the natural law ( even though he mentions it in support of many of his arguments ) with respect to his desire for centralized power of man 's law : http://goldwetrust.up-with.com/economics-f4/peak-oil-nonsense-t102-15.htm#3177
Shelby Moore
25 Jul 10 , 06:58 Denninger 's mistake on deflation
Denninger interview videos linked from my comment :
http://www.marketoracle.co.uk/Article20363.html#comment93003
Denninger says we can't have inflation because there can not be created a bigger credit bubble than the housing bubble that is bursting ( this was the same argument presented by Mish Shedlock ) .
The " money supply " ( an inherently ambiguous term as I have explained in past ) can not be increased ( pushing on the string of total credit ) .
He correctly pointed out that govt debt is being increased to offset loss of private sector debt , and the total debt has decreased ( but only very slightly , see chart ) : http://market-ticker.org/uploads/2010/Jun/debt-to-gdp1.png
I agree but inflation will result any way .
What he apparently does not understand is that the govt will monetize entitlements from here forward ( and this will not cause a collapse of the dollar relative to other equally bad fiats ) , and yes total credit may decline and housing and other credit based assets will continue to decline ( that is deflation ) .
But this acceleration of social welfare monetization ( is mis-allocation of capital , i.e. theft ) and will cause a devaluation of the dollar relative to assets that can not be diluted by corruption of central banks monetizing sovereign bonds .
Thus will result in inflation in price of everything that is not bought on credit ( i.e. energy , food , gold , silver , etc ) .
The govt is printing money to pay entitlements .
The totals may have peaked , but the composition is changing RADICALLY , which means an inflation in the price of things that can not be created out of thin air which are not in oversupply .
I had written about this :
http://www.marketoracle.co.uk/Article16212.html
Essentially what is happening is that the westerners are being drained of their net worth and this is being done with a combination of deflation of credit based assets and inflation of commodities .
There is an accelerating transfer of jobs and wealth to developing world so they the world 's poor ( those that can get a job ) can absorb this inflation ( because western companies are forced to lower labor costs due to the decline in private sector ) : http://www.marketoracle.co.uk/Article20857.html#comment92996
Thank you .
But for Ms. Kagan , finding this authority in the Constitution was a bridge too far , a view that put her firmly in the camp of those who see the president ’s powers as circumscribed .
Image Credit ... David Plunkert
She assiduously rejected any claim that presidents may manage the many functions of the vast administrative state because of their constitutional position as chief executive , a view she attributed to “ unitarians . ”
( These are not your mother ’s non-Trinitarian Christians . )
Instead , she concluded , the framers did not see the Constitution ’s vesting of the nation ’s “ executive power ” solely in the president as a grant of any substantive power .
She based her rejection of the unitary executive view on Supreme Court precedent .
She invoked Youngstown Sheet and Tube v. Sawyer of 1952 , in which the Supreme Court blocked President Harry Truman ’s seizure of the nation ’s steel mills during the Korean War , and supported Congress ’s power to effectively render whole agencies independent of presidential control .
Incidentally , Justice Robert H. Jackson , who as attorney general in the early 1940s had laid claim to broad executive powers for President Franklin Roosevelt and had even written in support of his seizure of an aircraft factory , turned 180 degrees in Youngstown , insisting that Truman had no such right .
He wrote a concurring opinion stating that , as a judge , he could not accept “ self - serving press statements of the attorneys for one of the parties , ” even when “ the advocate was himself . ”
Should we expect anything more consistent of a Justice Kagan ?
In her law review article , Ms. Kagan also lauded Supreme Court holdings that Congress can prohibit presidents from firing subordinate officers , which effectively prevents the president from giving orders .
This would place the executive agencies under the political thumb of the legislative branch .
“ I acknowledge that Congress generally may grant discretion to agency officials alone , ” Ms. Kagan wrote , and “ the president must respect the limits of this delegation . ”
Under this approach , Congress could free the Justice Department , the Defense Department and any other agency created by Congress from presidential control .
To be fair , Ms. Kagan thinks this would be a bad idea ( she praised President Clinton ’s centralization of authority in the White House because it fostered “ accountability ” and “ effectiveness ” ) .
But she argued that the Constitution gives the president no power to prevent Congress from doing so .
This is simply wrong .
Article II of the Constitution vests in the president alone “ the executive power ” of the United States .
As Justice Antonin Scalia wrote in his dissent from the court ’s 1988 decision upholding the constitutionality of the Office of the Independent Counsel , “ this does not mean some of the executive power , but all of the executive power . ”
( His argument was proved prescient in 1999 when Congress let the law authorizing the independent counsel lapse . )
The party ended about 2 a.m. , and as the guests left , a " a verbal dispute erupted between members of the baptism party and another group , " according to the statement released by Coffee and Camden County Prosecutor Warren W. Faulk .
The dispute became a brawl , and the second group of men attacked members of the baptism party with knives , police said .
Is there any reason to be a man anymore ?
You know , besides the patriarchy , male privilege , and peeing standing up .
Turns out , not only are women better at graduating from college , and being employed — they 're better at tasting beers .
Beer company SABMiller is hiring more and more female taste - testers , apparently because their sensitive woman - tongues can taste certain flavor subtleties better than men :
If practice makes perfect , men should have the clear edge in beer tasting , since they account for 72.8 % of the world 's beer sales , according to market - research firm Datamonitor Group .
But SABMiller , which makes Pilsner Urquell , Peroni and Grolsch in addition to Miller and Coors brands , says its empirical evidence shows that females are the superior sex when it comes to detecting such undesirable chemicals as 3 - methyl - 2 - butene - 1 - thiol , which makes beer " skunky . "
Finding the very best tasters is crucial to the beer industry .
Tasting panels ensure that the beer spilling out of the tanks each day conforms with the specific characteristics for each brand - such as the mild fruit flavor in Coors Light or the dry finish of Peroni .
Tasters also help brewers decide how long their beers will stay fresh on store shelves , and what new products to introduce .
Today , 30 % of SABMiller 's 1,000 advanced - level tasters are female , Mr. Axcell says .
The number of women tasters has roughly quadrupled in 10 years .
The " taster of the year " at SABMiller is a 33 - year - old female former secretary in Poland , Joanna Wasilewska , who has an " unusual knack for identifying extremely low levels of troublesome chemicals . "
She chalks it up to her " love affair with perfumes . "
Men have no one but themselves to blame , for not allowing male children to fall in love with perfumes !
As it stands , there have n't been any peer - reviewed scientific studies backing up SABMiller 's hunch .
But Danish brewers Carlsberg A/S noticed a similar trend after testing its panelists this year and finding women performing better than men .
( Their official line is that there 's no difference between the sexes , and Anheuser - Busch InBev , the ol ' sexists , say that men and women are equally good at tasting beer . )
So , what gives ?
Is there some kind of special chemical in their , you know , womanly parts ??
Well , no :
If it 's even true that women can taste for chemicals or flavors better than men can , it 's probably just that they are better at smelling things , according to Marcia Pelchat , of the Monell Chemical Senses Center .
For example , Gen. Stanley McChrystal is unable to smell the fact that Bud Light Lime is disgusting , due to being male , whereas women can tell that Bud Light Lime is gross , immediately .
Unfortunately , as cool as it sounds , being a beer taster basically makes you impossible to go out and have fun with , because you become totally insufferable :
There are downsides to the job .
" It 's hard to be a social drinker sometimes , " says Laura Dopkins , 28 , a MillerCoors panelist , who has a master 's degree in food science and used to taste cereal bars for Kellogg Co . " Other people do n't find it fun to drink around you " when you refer to beer as " metallic . "
[ WSJ , photo via Shutterstock.com ]
AS an engineer who advises companies on how to make their buildings survive earthquakes , I have visited the aftermath of nearly every key quake since 1970 , observing how new and old buildings have performed when the ground shook beneath them .
I try to learn from each new disaster how to change our design techniques , construction practices and building codes to reduce future losses of life and damage .
From my perspective , the shock that hit Chile in February was the most important earthquake of the last 100 years .
It was the first mega-quake , its magnitude near 9 , to strike a developed country with rigorous building codes .
Modern cities full of state - of - the - art buildings were tested by intense ground - shaking that lasted about 120 seconds  compared to about 40 seconds for the 1906 and 20 seconds for the 1989 San Francisco earthquakes , which had magnitudes of 7.9 and 6.9 , respectively .
Despite Chile ’s exacting construction codes , which often exceed those of California and Japan , the performance of numerous high - rise buildings was worryingly poor .
We engineers and seismologists need to gather and study as much data as we can from Chile ’s quake .
But one thing is already clear : based on the kind of damage that buildings suffered in Chile , tall structures in the earthquake zones of the United States appear to be at much higher risk than we thought .
This lesson should be of obvious concern to San Francisco and Los Angeles .
But it is actually the Pacific Northwest that is most vulnerable to a mega - quake like Chile’s .
Just off Northern California , Oregon , Washington and British Columbia sits the 600 - mile - long Cascadia fault .
Like the Nazca tectonic plate that caused the quake and tsunami in Chile , Cascadia can produce temblors with magnitudes of 9 or greater , more powerful than anything we ’ve experienced or expect from California ’s famous San Andreas fault .
The flashes of white light accompanying some solar flares are caused by the sun 's acceleration of electrons to speeds greater than half the speed of light .
The phenomenon 's new explanation derives from data recorded from a 2006 solar flare .
The presence of high - energy X - rays in the same spot that scientists saw visible light tipped them off that some kind of non-thermal process was generating the light .
" These explosions are particle accelerators , " said Säm Krucker , of the Space Science Laboratories at the University of California , Berkeley .
" The whole surprising thing with these flares ' light is that it could simply be heat .
But that 's not the case . "
Solar flares occur when the sun 's magnetic field lines rearrange and reconnect , releasing tremendous amounts of energy .
There are different types of flares , which can generate geomagnetic storms of Earth , and only some of them are accompanied by the white light flares .
These were first observed in 1859 by astronomer Richard Carrington , but no one really knew how they were produced until the new observations by the Japanese satellite Hinode and the NASA SMEX mission RHESSI .
Now , it looks as if the extremely powerful electromagnetic fields somehow deliver enormous amounts of energy into particles in the sun 's photosphere .
It 's not unlike what humans do at a much , much smaller scale in particle accelerators like the Large Hadron Collider .
" As opposed to the LHC where you accelerate a few particles , it would be like accelerating the whole building basically , " said Hugh Hudson , also of Berkeley 's Space Science Laboratories , who worked with Krucker .
Astronomers have n't figured out how exactly the sun works as a particle accelerator just yet .
" It 's being done by electromagnetic effects that are not really understood , " Hudson admitted .
It 's possible that as the sun eases into a more active state over the next year , scientists will have more opportunities to study the flares .
A paper on the new work , with Kyoko Watanabe of Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency as lead author , appeared May 20 in The Astrophysical Journal .
Images : NASA / JAXA
* Citation : " G - band and Hard X-ray Emissions of the 2006 December 14 Flare Observed by Hinode / SOT and RHESSI , " by Kyoko Watanabe , Säm Krucker , Hugh Hudson , Toshifumi Shimizu , Satoshi Masuda , Kiyoshi Ichimoto .
The Astrophysical Journal , No.715 , pp. 651-655 , 2010 . *
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Tumblr , and forthcoming book on the history of green technology ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The repercussions of the brutal shooting - fish - in - a - barrel Gaza War , of the continued Israeli siege and boycott of the Gaza Strip , and of the vigorous colonization of the Palestinian West Bank by militant Israelis , continue to grow .
The clear resistance of the far rightwing government of Binyamin Netanyahu to the two - state solution sought urgently by US president Barack Obama , in favor the massive and ongoing theft of Palestinian land and resources , has increasingly tarred Israel with the brush of Apartheid policies .
The greatest danger facing Israel is no longer , as in the past , neighboring Arab armies , tank corps and missiles .
It is a series of humiliations in the realm of cultural politics , most of them self - inflicted .
The arts community is often pioneers in symbolically protesting human rights violations that others find it inconvenient to mention .
Artists are independent - minded and often financially independent , and so cannot easily be pressured .
Thus , singer Elvis Costello ’s decision to join Carlos Santana , Sting , Gil Scott Heron , and Bono in boycotting Israel is likely a harbinger of things to come rather than being just an individual decision of conscience .
Costello announced at his web page that :
‘ It is after considerable contemplation that I have lately arrived at the decision that I must withdraw from the two performances scheduled in Israel on the 30th of June and the 1st of July .
One lives in hope that music is more than mere noise , filling up idle time , whether intending to elate or lament .
Then there are occasions when merely having your name added to a concert schedule may be interpreted as a political act that resonates more than anything that might be sung and it may be assumed that one has no mind for the suffering of the innocent .
I must believe that the audience for the coming concerts would have contained many people who question the policies of their government on settlement and deplore conditions that visit intimidation , humiliation or much worse on Palestinian civilians in the name of national security .
‘
If some world cultural figures will not go to Israel anymore , increasingly irrational and Draconian Israeli restrictions on dissidents have excluded from Israel Jewish - American linguist and activist Noam Chomsky .
Aljazeera English interviewed Chomsky on the episode :
Chomsky was told that the Israeli government did not like his writings and that it objected to him speaking at Bir Zeit University in the West Bank but not in Israel proper .
He accused Israel of acting like a totalitarian state .
Ironies abound here .
The Likud government has by this action legitimated academic boycotts , a political technique that the British Left in particular has advocated be used against Israel itself .
Those who argued against boycotting Israel earlier were able to say that it upheld academic freedom and exchange and so should not be isolated .
Chomsky himself pointed out that Israel was in essence boycotting Bir Zeit University in preventing his appearance there .
( Another important point is that Israel was making this decision for occupied Palestinians .
The latter have no voice in the matter , since they cannot vote for the Israeli government that rules them and decides whose lectures they may attend ) .
Another irony is that Chomsky could not get official confirmation that he would be permitted to enter the West Bank on a second try , and so he addressed his Bir Zeit audience by video from Amman , with Aljazeera helping out .
In the region , Aljazeera has played an important role in giving a platform to a very wide range of political views , and now this Arab media outlet is more open than the supposedly democratic Israel .
The stories of Elvis Costello and Noam Chomsky illuminate two over - arching processes .
Israel ’s growing reputation as an Apartheid state will not result in major economic boycotts in the near term .
But the step Costello took may become more and more common if the Palestinians continue to be deprived by Israel of their basic human rights .
Chomsky ’s story is one of self - imposed isolation on the part of Israeli officials , mired in the proto - fascist political philosophy of Vladimir Jabotinsky – the intellectual background of the Likud Party and of Netanyahu .
10 Best Sad Keanu Images
As you probably know , Keanu Reeves is one of the saddest guys around . :(
Here are 10 of the very best Sad Keanu PhotoShops .
GNU TeXmacs is a free scientific editing platform designed to create beautiful technical documents .
It provides a unified and user friendly framework for editing structured documents with different types of content : text , mathematics , graphics , interactive content , slides , etc .
TeXmacs can be used as a graphical front - end for many systems in computer algebra , numerical analysis , statistics , etc .
Documents can be saved in TeXmacs , Xml or Scheme format and printed as Pdf or Postscript files .
Converters exist for TeX / LaTeX and Html / Mathml .
Notice that TeXmacs is not based on TeX / LaTeX .
Its rendering engine uses high - quality typesetting algorithms so as to produce professionally looking documents , which can either be printed out or presented from a laptop .
New styles can be written by the user and new features can be added to the editor using the Scheme extension language .
Memo to the FCC and Chairman Julius Genachowski : Retro may be camp and trendy these days , but it ’s no sound strategy for forward - thinking sectors like broadband Internet service .
Tweet A lot has changed since that not - so - halcyon year 1934 .
So why are the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) and “ Net Neutrality ” advocates attempting to regulate the Internet under laws drafted for the technology of that era ?
In 1934 , World War I was not yet known as “ World War I . ” A short film featuring The Three Stooges made its debut .
The first soap box derby was held .
Germany and its quirky mustachioed chancellor Adolf Hitler signed a non-aggression treaty with neighboring Poland , while the young Soviet Union joined the League of Nations .
Elvis Presley , Jerry Lee Lewis and Donald Sutherland would n’t be born for another year .
That cumbersome dinosaur we now know as Social Security did not even exist .
Meanwhile , the fledgling Roosevelt Administration , in its first full year in office , expected to make short work of the nation ’s economic slump with a hubristic frenzy of government activity .
Instead , what became the Great Depression festered through the end of the decade , prolonged by the very bureaucratic policies devised to end it .
As part of that hubristic frenzy , the FCC was created June 19 , 1934 as a successor to the Federal Radio Commission .
As if to outlandishly celebrate its 76th birthday this week , the FCC voted along partisan lines to begin the process of imposing “ Net Neutrality ” regulations by grossly reclassifying Internet service under Depression - era regulations established for landline telephones of the 1930s .
Memo to the FCC and Chairman Julius Genachowski : Retro may be camp and trendy these days , but it ’s no sound strategy for forward - thinking sectors like broadband Internet service .
Of course , one can sympathize with Chairman Genachowski and his fellow “ Net Neutrality ” fanatics .
After all , their effort to reclassify the Internet under antiquated telephone regulations is merely a fallback strategy .
It became their desperation “ Plan B ” after a unanimous D.C. Court of Appeals ruled this spring that the FCC did not possess authority to impose “ Net Neutrality ” regulations over Internet service .
Chairman Genachowski and “ Net Neutrality ” advocates , however , were n’t going to let a ruling from the nation ’s second - most prestigious court deter them .
So they concocted the idea of simply classifying the Internet as a telephone service to achieve their goal of “ Net Neutrality ” nirvana .
The FCC ’s brazen scheme contradicts the 1996 Telecommunications Act , as well as longstanding bipartisan Internet policy spanning both the Clinton and Bush administrations .
This is why almost 250 Democrats and Republicans in Congress wrote separate letters to the FCC expressing opposition to this reclassification ploy .
Those letters correctly note that the FCC ’s effort to impose “ Net Neutrality ” through the backdoor will undermine the tens of billions of dollars in private broadband investment , which have in turn created innumerable jobs and made Internet service the most transformative and innovative sector in our modern economy .
The Democrat lawmakers wrote , in part : “ The expanded FCC jurisdiction over broadband that has been proposed , and the manner in which it would be implemented , are unprecedented and create regulatory uncertainty .
The controversy surrounding that approach will likely serve as a distraction from what should be our nation ’s foremost communications priority : bringing broadband to every corner of America , getting every American online , and providing the high speed connections needed to realize the promises of telemedicine , distance learning , and other forms of consumer empowerment .
“ The continued deployment and adoption of broadband , the growing importance of the Internet to our constituents , and the significant contributions this will make to our economy should be the FCC ’s primary focus right now .
The uncertainty this proposal creates will jeopardize jobs and deter needed investment for years to come .
The significant regulatory impact of reclassifying broadband service is not something that should be taken lightly , and should not be done without additional direction from Congress . ”
Fortunately , Representative Marsha Blackburn ( R - TN ) has introduced legislation that would prohibit the FCC ’s transparent scheme .
Her bill , H.R. 3924 , would simply codify the D.C. Court of Appeals ruling that any authority to impose such drastic regulations properly lies with the legislative branch , not the unelected bureaucrats at the FCC .
We live in a period of economic turbulence , job loss and international competition .
“ Net Neutrality ” would only exacerbate those difficulties by undercutting private investment , broadband expansion and tech sector employment .
As Representative Blackburn states , we must “ ensure our legislative body has final say on the issue , not bureaucrats at the FCC . ”
IRVING , Texas --
The NFL is n't ready to expand the new overtime rule to the regular season .
Commissioner Roger Goodell said Tuesday the issue was tabled during owners meetings in the Dallas area .
He said the league wants to continue talking to players .
In the regular season , though , the old first - team - to - score - wins rule will be in effect .
" I think the membership felt and the competition committee felt we had addressed the issue we wanted this offseason with respect to the postseason , " Goodell said .
" We want to continue to talk to our players . "
Owners voted in March to change the sudden - death rule for the playoffs .
If the team that loses the coin flip immediately gives up a field goal , that team will get a chance to score either to tie or win .
But there was n't enough support for the proposal to warrant a vote , sources told ESPN.com 's John Clayton .
Goodell said owners also discussed upcoming labor negotiations with the players .
The current contract expires at the end of the 2010 season .
Goodell said a major talking point is expanding the 16 - game regular season to 18 games , which probably would lead to the elimination of two preseason games .
Like the risky decision to play the Super Bowl outside in a cold - weather city , Goodell views the expanded regular season as a way to grow the NFL .
" I think we have to continue to look at ways to improve what we 're doing , " Goodell said .
" It 's been very clear to us and not only our fans but also from our players that the quality of the preseason and the desire to participate in the preseason is not at the level it should be .
And we have to address that issue . "
The NFL is seeking to expand drug testing to include human growth hormone , but would do so through labor discussions , Goodell said .
Although the league recently signed a deal with Anheuser - Busch worth more than $ 1 billion , Tuesday 's meetings served as the launch of several programs with Mothers Against Drunk Driving to promote responsible drinking .
MADD officials will speak at the league 's rookie symposium , and will run pilot programs on game days in Buffalo and Oakland .
There will be other promotions in stadiums and involvement in community events benefiting MADD .
The league and MADD 's incoming chief executive said there 's no mixed message .
" We all agree safe and responsible use of the product is fine , " said Adolpho Birch , the NFL vice president who handled the Anheuser - Busch deal .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Introduction
Some might say that there has never been a better time to be a PC enthusiast .
Compelling new products fighting for our attention abound , as the computer hardware scene is bursting at the seams with upgrade options .
For example , it was n't long ago that AMD launched the world 's first DX11 videocard and now the company features a full lineup of products at a wide variety of price points .
NVIDIA 's answer to the Radeon HD 5000 series has just arrived as well , and the battle for dominance in the graphics market is as fierce as ever .
SSDs are also becoming increasingly more affordable , while the release of SATA 6 Gbps opens the door to a new generation of faster drives .
Equally important , huge 1TB hard drives can be purchased for less than $ 100 , allowing us to backup and store copious amounts of data without breaking the bank .
No matter which of the aforementioned breakthroughs piques your interest , we all have specific reasons for choosing and buying one product over another .
But during these difficult economic times , consumers need to be smarter than ever and demand more value for their money .
PC hardware companies are left with the task of creating products that provide the performance we seek , while also offering compelling value .
Consequently , the demand for affordable , high performance computing components has brought about Intel 's P55 chipset .
Initially launched in September 2009 , P55 based motherboards are attractive options for those looking to build a new , mainstream system .
Its no secret that this platform was created in order to target mainstream consumers that balk at the high overall cost of a flagship X58 - based system , but still want the features and performance of Intel 's Nehalem microarchitecture .
The demand for such products was so high that motherboard makers seemingly had no choice but to saturate the market with multiple P55 - based boards that cater to almost every type of PC consumer .
We understand that shopping for a motherboard can be arduous and complicated .
In particular , the mountain of choices available only adds to the challenge , especially when you analyze the different features of each board and various price points .
Fret not system builder , HotHardware has recruited a small army of P55 motherboards in order to compare the features and performance of each .
P55 Motherboard Battle Royal Let's Get It On !
Asus P7P55D Deluxe
$ 220
EVGA P55 SLI
$ 180
EVGA P55 Classified
$ 340 Gigabyte GA - P55M-UD4
$ 150 Gigabyte GA - P55 - UD4P
$ 180 Gigabyte GA - P55A -UD6
$ 250 Intel DP55WG
$ 140 MSI P55 - GD65
$ 160
Senate passes sweeping Wall Street reform
WASHINGTON ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The Senate on Thursday passed the most sweeping regulatory overhaul of the financial system since the New Deal .
The bill , which passed 59 - 39 , imposes more oversight and stronger capital cushions for the largest banks and Wall Street firms , while aiming to stop bailouts , shine a light on complex financial products and strengthen consumer protection .
The bill only needed 51 votes to pass .
Four Republicans voted for it and two Democrats voted against it .
Earlier in the evening , the bill cleared a tougher hurdle , a 60 vote threshold , to end debate .
" Those who wanted to protect Wall Street , it did n't work .
They can no longer gamble away other people 's money , " said Majority Leader Harry Reid .
" When this bill becomes law , the joyride on Wall Street will come to an end , " he added .
Senate passage marks the last big hurdle for an effort more than a year in the making .
The bill will now be reconciled with the House version in " conference " negotiations , where differences are ironed out .
Then both chambers will vote again and send the compromised bill to President Obama sometime before July 4 , said the bill 's main shepherd , Sen. Christopher Dodd , D - Conn .
Earlier on Thursday , Obama praised the Senate 's progress saying , " Wall Street reform will bring greater security to folks on Main Street . "
What reform means : Congress first started working on financial overhaul last spring .
The House passed a version in December , and the Senate began drafting bills last November .
Since January 2009 , financial services firms have spent nearly $ 600 million and hired hundreds of lobbyists to influence the debate , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
The legislation would establish a consumer financial protection regulatory agency that could write new rules to protect consumers from unfair or abusive mortgages and credit cards .
It would create a council of regulators that would sound an alarm before companies are in position to trigger a financial crisis .
The bill would also establish new procedures for shutting down giant financial firms that are collapsing .
The bill aims to shine a brighter light on some of the different kinds of complex financial products , called derivatives , that are blamed for bringing down financial companies such as American International Group ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) and Lehman Brothers .
It would force most derivatives on to clearinghouses and exchanges , to help pinpoint the value of the trades .
Republicans objected to some of the bill 's major provisions , particularly parts that establish the consumer agency and create new rules for the derivatives .
While they generally favored more consumer protection and more regulation of derivatives , they argued that the legislation is too heavy - handed in these areas .
Sen . Richard Shelby , R - Ala. , who helped craft parts of the bill , blasted it in a 30 - minute speech late Thursday , calling it a " massive new consumer bureaucracy " and a " liberal activists ' dream come true . "
" This bill does n't listen to the American people -- it promises massive government overreach in ordinary business transactions , " Shelby said .
However , the final vote garnered more Republicans than earlier key Senate votes on the bill .
Joining Democrats were Sens. Scott Brown , R- Mass , Susan Collins , R- Maine , Chuck Grassley , R - Iowa , and Olympia Snowe , R - Maine .
Two Democrats , Sens. Russ Feingold of Wisconsin and Maria Cantwell of Washington , voted against the bill saying it was n't aggressive enough against Wall Street .
Sen. Robert Byrd , D - W.Va. , and Sen. Arlen Specter , D - Penn. , missed the vote .
What 's next :
The Senate will appoint 12 members , seven Democrats and five Republicans , to negotiate with the House over differences in the bill .
The Senate 's negotiators plan to vote next week to figure out where they stand on a controversial issue that did n't make into the final bill : a Republican - backed move to exempt auto dealers from the purview of the proposed new consumer protection regulator .
The House version has that carve - out for auto dealers , but the Senate did n't get to it .
There are several other key differences .
The Senate bill limits the size and scope of banks ' investment activities , preventing them from owning hedge funds and trading on their own accounts .
It also includes a controversial measure preventing banks from trading any derivatives .
Banks would be forced to spin off their swaps desks that make these trades .
The House bill lacks such limits on banks ' investment work .
Also , while both versions of the bill create a council of regulators who monitor big Wall Street banks , the Senate gives the top job of running that panel to the Treasury Secretary and the House gives the top position to the Fed chairman .
" The two bills are very similar , and the House is ready to go to conference to work out the remaining issues , " House Financial Services Chairman Barney Frank , D - Mass . , said in a statement .
" I am confident that we can have a bill ready for President Obama 's signature very soon . "
- CNN Congressional Producer Ted Barrett contributed to this report .
President Obama reported this week that BP has initiated $ 50 million dollars in advertising .
The Whitehouse and the President have been all over this move , rightly criticizing the company for spending money on attorneys and commercials rather than putting the money elsewhere .
While the media has jumped on the bandwagon , they ’ve been mocking BP ’s Tony Hayward for being a part of every commercial , interview and public relations event on television , in print and online .
BP has even launched a YouTube channel specific to the crisis , starring none other than Tony Hayward .
Tony Hayward has already made some huge gaffs – including stating that he just wanted to get his life back – wording that pierced the very hearts of those 11 rig workers that were lost in original fire .
Some people are calling for Tony Hayward to get fired , some are even calling for the government to take over the company .
Why would Tony Hayward continue to be the face of BP ?
It ’s quite simple from a public relations perspective .
BP is gambling on Tony Hayward to be the fall guy for the brand and the company .
For the next year or more , we ’re going to see a lot of Tony Hayward .
He ’s not going anywhere ( unless this ploy makes the headlines ) .
BP will surely rebrand after the crisis – but between now and then , every commercial with Hayward with it , every interview with Hayward , every ludicrous sound bit with Hayward and every advertisement with Hayward puts distance between the stockholders , the company , and its current CEO .
At the end of the day , Tony Hayward will be paid handsomely for being the BP martyr .
Mark my words that the platinum parachute that ’s being developed right now will make the corporate hall of shame .
Stockholders will gladly pay it , though , since Hayward ’s martyrdom could insulate some of the losses when this crisis is over .
The new CEO will come in , badmouth the old , reposition the company , and begin sucking billions out of the ground again .
The problem is that there ’s a long line of culture and management in BP that has led to this disaster .
Witnesses have already stated that BP management on the oil rig were not only aware of the safety issues , they argued with Transocean ( owners of the Deepwater Horizon ) prior to the explosion .
The goal was to get the oil out as quickly as possible to get those dollars flowing … regardless of safety .
Tony Hayward may be at the top of that chain , but there ’s many more within the organization that are responsible .
If it were n’t so disgusting , it would be a brilliant public relations move .
BP will return to profitability ( or be bought by another oil company ) , Hayward will retire wealthier than he ever imagined , the President will not get re-elected , and the people of the gulf which are dependent on its natural resources will never recover in their lifetime .
BP Logo is an entry from the BP Logo Design contest from Logo My Way .
Mr Garzon is famous for targeting international figures High - profile Spanish judge Baltasar Garzon has been suspended from his post by the country 's judicial body .
The decision was unanimously adopted by the General Council of the Judiciary .
He is due to face trial on charges that he abused his powers by opening an inquiry in 2008 into crimes committed during Francisco Franco 's rule .
Mr Garzon was later forced to drop the investigation into the crimes committed during the 1936 - 39 Civil War in Spain , which are covered by an amnesty .
Controversial judge
In February , a Supreme Court investigating magistrate ruled that Mr Garzon had ignored the 1977 amnesty by launching the investigation .
Mr Garzon , 54 , who is highly popular among the Spanish political left and international human rights campaigners , appealed against the ruling , saying his inquiry was legitimate .
GARZON'S FAMOUS CASES Campaigned for extradition of former Chilean military ruler Gen Augusto Pinochet from UK to Spain over human rights abuses in 1998 .
Request turned down on health grounds Charged Osama Bin Laden over 9/11 attacks in 2003 Tried unsuccessfully to prosecute Italian politician Silvio Berlusconi on charges of tax fraud and breaching anti-trust laws in Spain through stake in Spanish TV company Telecinco
Profile : Judge Baltasar Garzon
But some on the right accuse Mr Garzon of launching cases that are politically motivated .
Tens of thousands of people disappeared during Spain 's Civil War and under Gen Franco 's regime that followed .
Mr Garzon is also famous for targeting international figures , including late Chilean military ruler Augusto Pinochet , and al - Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden .
Earlier this week , Mr Garzon reportedly asked to take a leave of absence to work for the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) .
Judicial sources at Spain 's National Court say Mr Garzon wants to work as an adviser for the ICC for seven months .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Algae -- already being eyed for biofuel production -- could be put to use right away to remove nitrogen and phosphorus in livestock manure runoff , according to an Agricultural Research Service ( ARS ) scientist .
That could give resource managers a new eco-friendly option for reducing the level of agricultural pollutants that contaminate water quality in the Chesapeake Bay .
Microbiologist Walter Mulbry works at the ARS Environmental Management and Byproduct Utilization Research Unit in Beltsville , Md. , which is located in the Chesapeake Bay watershed .
In 2003 , Mulbry set up four algal turf scrubber ( ATS ) raceways outside dairy barns in Beltsville .
The shallow 100 - foot raceways were covered with nylon netting that created a scaffold where the algae could grow .
For the next three years , from April until December , a submerged water pump at one end of the raceways circulated a mix of fresh water and raw or anaerobically digested dairy manure effluent over the algae .
Within two to three weeks after the ATS system was started up every spring , the raceways supported thriving colonies of green filamentous algae .
Algae productivity was highest in the spring and declined during the summer , in part because of higher water temperatures and also because the raceways provided snails and midge larvae ample opportunity to graze on the algae .
Mulbry and his partners harvested wet algae every four to 12 days , dried it , and then analyzed the dried biomass for nitrogen and phosphorus levels .
His results indicate that the ATS system recovered 60 to 90 percent of the nitrogen and 70 to 100 percent of the phosphorus from the manure effluents .
They also calculated that the cost for this capture was comparable to other manure management practices -- around $ 5 to $ 6 for each pound of nitrogen that was recovered and around $ 25 for each pound of phosphorus that was recovered .
Results from this research were published in Bioresource Technology .
Read more about this research in the May / June 2010 issue of Agricultural Research magazine , available online at : http://www.ars.usda.gov/is/AR/archive/may10/algae0510.htm.
Needed further confirmation that one of the new Motorola Android devices is now officially the Droid X by Motorola ?
Check out the pictures we just received from Gadget University …
No AMOLED .
4.3 inches of goodness .
DROIDX .
New MotoBlur .
Who ’s even more excited for this device now ?
According to today ’s poll , it looks like a ton of you are .
And check out that top pic again … might be the prettiest we ’ve seen yet .
Wow .
Sorry Droid 2 , it looks like we ’ve found our follow - up device .
Source : Gadget University
* Acknowledges spreading weed resistance problems
* Says will offer new weed - fighting product
* Critics say effort comes late and may not be enough
KANSAS CITY , Mo. , May 27 ( Reuters ) - Monsanto Co MON.N , said on Thursday it will restructure its herbicide products in an effort to help combat the spreading environmental woes of herbicide - resistant weeds , also known as " super weeds , " which many critics have blamed on the chemical giant .
“ We need to get in front of this , ” Monsanto chairman Hugh Grant said in a conference call with analysts .
Grant acknowledged that weed resistance was a problem for U.S. cotton farmers , and was emerging as a bigger problem for soybean farmers .
But he said the issue was not yet a big problem for corn farmers .
Monsanto is the world ’s leading seed company and purveyor of the popular Roundup herbicide .
The company ’s development of glyphosate - tolerant biotech soybeans , corn and cotton and its push for farmers to use its glyphosate - based Roundup with those crops has accelerated herbicide usage and consequently weed resistance to an environmentally dangerous level , critics have charged .
Experts estimate glyphosate - resistant weeds have infested close to 11 million acres so far .
More than 130 types of weeds have developed levels of herbicide resistance in more than 40 U.S. states , more resistant weeds than found in any other country , according to weed scientists .
“ It is too bad it has taken this long for Monsanto to get serious about addressing this problem , ” said Charles Benbrook , chief scientist at The Organic Center and former executive Director of the agriculture board of the National Academy of Sciences .
“ If solid glyphosate - resistance management plans had been put in place three or four years ago , the worst of the problem could have been prevented , ” he said .
Grant said Monsanto would create a new product offering that would combine Roundup with complementary chemicals for a new weed control regimen at a lower cost than farmers are paying today .
Monsanto officials said currently a southern U.S. cotton farmer is paying $ 40 to $ 60 an acre in weed control measures , up from $ 20 to $ 25 an acre a few years ago .
“ There ’s good news for farmers in all of this .
We ’re going to bring simplicity to weed management , ” Grant said in a statement .
“ Weed resistance is real , but managing it does n’t have to be complex . ”
Weed resistance to glyphosate has been mounting across the United States in recent years as Monsanto ’s genetically modified “ Roundup Ready ” corn , soybeans and other crops that withstand dousings of the herbicide have gained popularity with farmers .
The vast majority of U.S. acreage devoted to those crops is now planted with Roundup Ready varieties .
Monsanto introduced the genetically altered crops as efficiency enhancements for farmers .
But environmentalists and other critics claim with the Roundup Ready crops , herbicide usage has risen to such a level that weeds have developed resistance levels that make it difficult to kill them , which in turn leads farmers to boost use of other types of herbicides .
Last year , a report by the Organic Center ( TOC ) , the Union for Concerned Scientists ( UCS ) and the Center for Food Safety ( CFS ) said that weed resistance was directly tied to the rapid increase of herbicide use , which grew by 383 million pounds from 1996 to 2008 , with 46 percent of the total increase occurring in 2007 and 2008 .
“ The problem is already threatening the economic viability of the cotton industry in the southeast , ” Benbrook said .
“ Farmers in the Midwest better really pay attention and deal with it if they want to escape further problems . ”
Monsanto ’s shares slid sharply Thursday as the company also said it was adjusting its profit outlook downward as it trims back its herbicide business overall .
Shares fell more than 8 percent to the lowest levels in more than three years after the company said it now expects fiscal - year 2010 earnings per share to be $ 2.40 to $ 2.60 on an ongoing basis , and $ 2.15 to $ 2.41 on an as -reported basis .
Monsanto shares are down more than 40 percent from a year ago .
( Reporting by Carey Gillam , Edited by Rene Pastor )
The latest in the 4.x series of the KDE Software Compilation is due to be released in early August 2010 .
With the first beta of this release recently unleashed , I thought I ’d download the openSuse packages and see what 4.5 ′s got in store for us .
So What ’s New ?
The Beta 1 release announcement lists only 4 major new features , which seems a little underwhelming .
These are :
A reworked notifications area ;
Window tiling ;
Webkit in konqueror ;
Stability improvements .
One of the big upgrades that was scheduled for KDE SC 4.5 was porting the PIM ( ie. kmail , korganizer , kaddressbook ) applications to the Akonadi framework .
Unfortunately , that process wo n’t be completed in time for 4.5.0 , and will be delayed until 4.5.1 .
This is a little disappointing given that Akonadi has been full of promise for quite some time , with no real user visible outcomes .
It would have been nice to see what Akonadi will bring to the party .
However , it ’s better to wait until all the kinks are ironed out .
But unfortunately , it leaves the KDE 4.5 feature cupboard a little bare .
That being said , there are a whole bunch of little improvements that I ’ll talk about later on in this article .
Reworked Notifications
The notification area and system tray have been reworked to work with a new D - BUS protocol created by KDE and adopted by Canonical in Ubuntu 10.04 .
This means that notifications should be consistent regardless of which toolkit an application that uses the notification area was written in .
The notification area also has a new look .
This is best demonstrated by a video :
Window Tiling
This is a feature a lot of people have been asking for .
I have never really used a tiled window arrangement .
I suspect that this would be good for people with large monitors , who work on multiple applications at once – for example developers , journalists or technical writers .
However , on my 13 inch laptop screen , there ’s just not enough screen real estate for tiling to be practical .
It ’s difficult to say whether this is a good or bad implementation of window tiling .
Given I ’ve never really played with window tiling , I ’ll leave such an analysis to the those users who are tiling junkies .
Webkit in Konqueror
This I could n’t test , as I could n’t get the webkit plugin to load in konqueror .
This may be a bug in the openSuse packages I used .
Hopefully it ’ll be fixed soon and I can test this feature .
I think this feature will be welcomed by many , as the khtml rendering engine seems to be falling behind webkit and renders a lot of sites funny .
It ’s the Little Things
There are a number of smaller changes that add some nice polish to KDE including :
A new blur effect for semi- transparent pop-ups :
Previews of window decorations in the choosing list .
Context menus for tabs in Konsole – a much needed feature .
Complete rewrite of KInfoCentre .
New Activity Manager UI – I ’m still struggling as to how to use desktop activities despite this being one of the primary metaphors for the desktop interface .
The use cases for this feature need to be explained better to the masses .
New UI feature in the Desktop Grid Kwin effect that allows you to add and remove desktops on the fly :
Tom Cruise has been written off more times than the English football team , so perhaps we should n't be too concerned by the brickbats currently being thrown at new comedy thriller Knight and Day , in which he co-stars with Cameron Diaz .
The film has certainly picked up a few snotty reviews in the US , where it arrives this weekend , but this is an actor who managed to survive the twin horrors of ill - judged second world war tale Valkyrie and tedious thinkpiece Lions For Lambs , so suggestions that his career is dead in the water may be a little premature .
US gossip writer Perez Hilton has gone so far as to hint that studio bosses designed the poster for Knight and Day to hide the actor 's face , so convinced are they that he lacks popularity .
Paramount boss Sumner Redstone gave the actor his thumbs - down a few years ago when he cut the studio's 14 - year tie with Cruise amid concerns about his off - screen conduct .
Knight and Day sees Cruise as a mysterious action man who crash - lands in Diaz 's life , claiming to be a rogue CIA agent .
The storyline sees the pair careering around the world as they are chased by US secret service types , Spanish drug dealers and German assassins .
The film is described by the New York Post 's Lou Lumenick as a " big , dumb summer movie with no apparent ambition " and " an ultra - predictable plot that seems to have been cranked out by a computer screenwriting program without significant human input " .
Variety 's Justin Chang berates " a high - energy , low - impact caper - comedy " and The Seattle Times 's Moira Macdonald suggests it is little more than " a computer - generated assortment of random Hollywood action - movie scenes shuffled together " .
Talk is that Cruise took just $ 11 m ( £ 7.4 m ) to star , rather than his usual $ 20 m cut , and has foregone a share of the profits .
Could Knight and Day really be the movie that sees him finally fall off his A - list perch ?
It 's certainly the case that this is exactly the kind of breezy , cheesy mainstream fare that would have been utterly critic - proof just a few years ago , but has all the sofa - jumping and scientology spouting turned off moviegoers ?
Or is action Cruise just a bit past it at 47 ?
We 'll find out what the score is when the film arrives in the UK on August 6
Manute Bol dies at 47
( Courtesy Tom Prichard . )
When I last talked to Tom Prichard , the friend of Manute Bol who had collaborated with the former NBA center on several humanitarian projects in Sudan , he told me how optimistic Bol was about his health .
The former Bullets center had been hospitalized in the D.C. area after several months in his native Sudan , where he was both working to build a school and helping facilitate local elections before falling ill .
" His comment to me in the hospital was , if I had stayed one more day in the Sudan , I would n't have made it , " Prichard told me .
" He really thought he was going to be able to pull this off . "
But with his body suffering from numerous ailments , Bol died on Saturday at University of Virginia Medical Center in Charlottesville .
He was 47 .
" I will remember him as a man who literally gave his life for his country , " Prichard told me Saturday afternoon .
" He felt he had to stay behind in Sudan through this election .
When he got to the States , he 's comment was kind of like , ' I did it . '
He helped have a positive influence on this election , and that was more important to him than his health . "
There are dozens of fantastic Manute Bol stories , some serious and some silly .
For some of the classics , see The Post 's perfectly told obituary .
( See also this photo gallery . )
One of the standard tales , of course , was the time he killed a lion .
I 'll let Bill Gildea tell it , via his A1 profile in The Post :
Bol can be as hard to find as he was the time he killed a lion .
First of all , the lion was asleep .
" Otherwise , " Bol said , " I would be killed . "
He went on : " A lion killed one of the cows .
Then I saw this lion -- I do n't know if it was the same lion who killed the cow , but he was under a tree .
I threw this spear -- we carry about 10 of them .
I was n't close to the lion , but I hit him .
He jumped up and hit the limbs of the tree and he looked all around like he was looking for whoever shot him .
Then he fell down and died .
I was behind a tree . "
During his first year in D.C. he was often treated as a pop-culture phenomenon , scheduled to do publicity shoots with the likes of Hulk Hogan and set up for interviews with People .
He was ejected from a game that season after a fight with Chicago 's Jawann Oldham , set an NBA rookie record for blocked shots , talked frequently of his love for McDonald 's and seemed shaken by some of the attention , complaining once about all the autographs people asked him for when he was trying to eat .
Early in that 1985 rookie season , The Post reported that he was already one of the game 's biggest attractions , and might soon surpass the interest " in such players as Michael Jordan , Ralph Sampson and Patrick Ewing . "
Whenever he walks onto a court , an anticipatory buzz is generated ; when he stands up and peels off his warmup pants before entering the game , the noise level increases .
The first time he touches the ball on offense , even if he 's 30 feet from the basket , the crowd is imploring him to , " Shoot , shoot . "
But this fascination with Bol has started to take a toll .
Last Thursday night in New York , before the Bullets played the San Antonio Spurs , the center sat in a small cubicle in Madison Square Garden and talked about the scene before the team 's previous game , against the Dallas Mavericks in Ruston , La .
" There were 20 ( media ) guys and they all wanted to talk , but it had to be one at a time , " he said .
" I was in the locker room alone and wanted to warm up .
I needed the work .
But it was always ' one more question , one more question . ' "
Bol said the same thing happened after the game against the Spurs .
" I can talk with anybody at any time but I wonder why they want to talk so much with me .
It 's always ' one more minute ' and the bus is leaving me behind .
I 'm a rookie , I can't be doing that .
I may have to leave them in the locker room talking to themselves . "
In the same story , though , The Post wrote that Bol 's irritation never lasted long .
" I 'm just trying to work hard all the time -- in practice , in games , in lifting weights , " he said with a smile , The Post reported then .
" Sometimes , players take it easy .
I do n't want to do that .
I want to play hard and learn my job , how to play this game .
I do n't mind ( the attention ) now .
I think the others I 'm with get more tired of it than I do .
People can think what they want , I feel good about me . "
Child ’s Play
Guys , I have a serious post I really want to post .
I really , really do .
I ’ve got a lot of stuff bundled up in my head but I need the time and energy to write it down .
I had to work yesterday–even earlier than usual–so I ’m currently exhausted and now have a ton of things to take care of in the office today .
So , here ’s a thing :
The above is from Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal ( click image for link ) .
It beautifully sums up what I was saying the other day about the messages girls are given and why we do n’t end up in engineering / math / science .
Girls are given play houses and pretend washing machines and dishwashers and babies .
Boys get to blow shit up !
I wish that was closer to hyperbole than reality .
Anyways , hopefully either later today or , more likely , tomorrow I will write up what ’s been brewing in my mind , which is largely about the danger of - isms and identity .
It ’ll be fun !
One of the biggest criticisms of most governments is that they are inefficient .
It ’s not usual for tax returns and other correspondence to get bogged down in bad or incomplete addresses , insufficient postage or processing issues .
Singapore hopes to change all of that .
The government is giving all citizens , foreign residents and businesses an email account – just one – that will be their official email address for government correspondence .
The mailbox , which is said to be secure , will allow individuals and businesses to receive and immediately respond to notices , including making income tax payments or paying traffic tickets .
The government has described it as a sort of “ digital safe deposit box ” for important papers .
The email account would not be available to be used for correspondence to friends or other businesses .
However , the account can be linked to cell and smart phones , allowing users to get a text whenever a new message from the government has been delivered .
That ’s a pretty important feature in a country so reliant on their cell phones that many residents have two phones each .
The service , called “ OneInbox ” will launch in 2012 .
It is greatly anticipated in the ultra - modern state , where nearly two - thirds of businesses and individuals claim they would “ definitely ” use the service .
If it works as advertised , the government believes there will be more efficient payment of taxes and fines .
It should also ( eventually ) save the government a bit of money , too , if they can successfully reduce the amount of paper and postage being used .
You can read more from the official government fact sheet here ( downloads as a pdf ) .
What do you think ?
Brilliant move by the government or recipe for disaster ?
• Ballack unavailable after challenge from Kevin- Prince Boateng • Midfielder says he is ' angry ' to miss the World Cup
Germany 's captain Michael Ballack says he is angry after being ruled out of the World Cup with the ankle injury he sustained playing in Chelsea 's 1 - 0 FA Cup final win over Portsmouth .
The German Football Federation ( DFB ) has confirmed the injury , which occurred as his ankle buckled after a tackle from Portsmouth 's Kevin - Prince Boateng .
Although Ballack tried to play on , he was forced to come off the field before the half - time interval .
He left Wembley with his leg in a protective boot .
The 33 - year - old underwent an MRI scan in Munich this morning to assess the damage , and the scan showed ligament damage to his right ankle .
" It 's very disappointing , but I have to accept it , " said Ballack .
" It 's football and you have to live with it …
I am angry , clearly . "
Germany 's coach , Joachim Löw , has been left without one of his most experienced players and he admits Ballack 's absence will be a setback .
" We are shocked , no question about it , and we are all very , very sad , " Löw said at the team 's training camp in Sicily .
" He is a very important player for us , a world class player who played a very important role in decisive games for us .
There can be no question of resignation now .
We are sure we can still play a good tournament . "
The German football federation said that the scan revealed a tear to the medial collateral ligament of Ballack 's right ankle .
The midfielder is currently in plaster and will have to wear a special shoe for two weeks .
The earliest he is expected back in training is in eight weeks .
Germany 's former manager , Rudi Völler , joined those bemoaning Ballack 's loss .
" It 's brutal , terrible for Michael .
He was full of optimism and wanted to play a good World Cup , " he said .
" There are players in the team who ca n't be replaced and Michael Ballack is certainly one of them . "
When Thomas Paine said , " ( G ) overnment , even in its best state , is but a necessary evil ; in its worst state an intolerable one . "
He added that when it 's self - inflicted , " ( O ) ur calamity is heightened by reflecting that we furnish the means by which we suffer . "
The Gulf of Mexico disaster has been made worse because of Washington acts similar to Great Britain 's tyrannical acts that caused our founders to rise up in rebellion in 1776 .
Let 's look at it .
The Navigation
Act was that name given to laws that regulated trade and commerce between Great Britain and its colonies .
First enacted in 1651 , and often amended , the law stipulated that no merchandise was to be carried to Britain or its colonies except by British ships built and manned by British subjects .
The act stifled American manufacturing , increased the cost of goods and gave rise to smuggling and increased resentment against the mother country .
The purpose of the mercantilist Navigation Act was to protect and enrich British interests .
You say , " Williams , the history lesson is nice but what does it have to do with the Gulf oil disaster ? "
Foreign companies , with extensive successful experience in oil spill cleanups , have offered their services but have been refused by Washington .
Why ?
A Coast Guard spokesman said that Belgian , Dutch and Norwegian vessels are being barred from the Gulf region because they " do not meet the operational requirements of the Unified Area Command . "
That 's another way to say that the 1920 Jones Act , a protectionist law not unlike Britain 's Navigation Act , requires vessels working in U.S. waters be built in the U.S. and be crewed by U.S. workers .
James Carafano , researcher at the Heritage Foundation , said , " The unions see it as ... protecting jobs .
They hate when the Jones Act gets waived , and they pound on politicians when they do that . "
Carafano asks , " So are we giving in to unions and not doing everything we can , or is there some kind of impediment that we do n't know about ? "
President Obama has the power to waive the Jones Act to allow foreign vessels and crews to bring their expertise to the Gulf cleanup , but he fears angering American labor unions .
This is not the first time that Washington 's catering to shipping interests produced disaster for our country .
Congress enacted the Navigation Act of 1817 providing , " that no goods , wares , or merchandise shall be imported under penalty of forfeiture thereof , from one port in the United States to another port in the United States , in a vessel belonging wholly or in part to a subject of any foreign power . "
Since the South was the nation 's major exporter , Northern protectionist measures went a long way toward setting up the grievances that ultimately led to secession and the War of 1861 .
Have you wondered why a foreign cruise ship can take you from Anchorage , Alaska to Vancouver , British Columbia but not to a more convenient U.S. port such as Seattle ?
You can blame it on a law very similar to the Jones Act .
That 's the Passenger Vessel Services Act ( PVSA ) of 1886 ( 46 U.S.C. 289 ) states that " no foreign vessel shall transport passengers between ports or places in the United States , under penalty of $ 200 for each passenger so transported or landed . "
PVSA is simply a protectionist law to spare American ships from international competition .
PVSA permits American shipping companies to financially rip off their shipping and passenger customers by charging prices that would be otherwise unsustainable without the law .
The bottom line lesson is nothing good can come from trade restrictions except windfall gains by a small group of beneficiaries , shipping companies and their unions that come at the expense of a much larger number of people -- customers who ship and passengers who travel .
The only good news is that the Gulf disaster is making the victims of such restrictions visible .
Walter E. Williams is a professor of economics at George Mason University .
To find out more about Walter E. Williams and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists , visit the Creators Syndicate Web page at www.creators.com.
COPYRIGHT 2010 CREATORS.COM
Oh shhhh ... say something , are you OK ?
It ’s been a few weeks since I blogged about my impressions of this season in Hell ’s Kitchen and I thought I would put together a quick update to who has been axed so far along with my take on them and who ’s left .
As of this week , they are down to 10 in the kitchen and things are really starting to get good .
Oh and obviously … there are spoilers here if you have n’t been keeping up , so do n’t complain … I warned you .
This past week was n’t that shocking to me personally .
The latest to leave Hell ’s Kitchen was Scott .
Originally I said “ Another executive chef that better watch himself .
I like him so far . ” about Scott and I was partially right …
I ended up hating him but he should have watched himself .
His downfall was his cocky attitude .
He bitched over and over about how tough it was to work with lesser people and that him being in the kitchen with people beneath his level of culinary talent was making him perform poorly .
Riiiiight .
My guess is you being a big - headed douche did n’t help things much Scotty boy .
Not to mention , for an Executive Chef , you sure made a lot of bonehead mistakes .
He deserved to go honestly , anyone that makes excuses like that ca n’t run a top restaurant .
So far , here are the others that have been eliminated :
Episode 2 : It was 2 ’fer Tuesday !
The creepy farmer Andrew just walked out during service , completely left the building and show .
Ramsey was really up his ass for sure but he just could n’t handle it .
He was also to the point of being a major smart ass to the Chef , which would n’t have helped him if he stayed .
Later in the show during the actual elimination , Mikey was sent packing .
I warned you Mikey , that tattoo was too much for karma to pass up on !
Episode 3 : Jamie was sent home after making a few mistakes .
Honestly , I kind of liked her and think she has the right tools but just was n’t taking it seriously enough .
Episode 5/6 : This was a 2 - part episode , which had 2 eliminations .
Scott , as previously mentioned , was the latter of those 2 .
In the first part , Maria found herself on the wrong end of things .
She just was n’t strong enough and anyone could see this one coming .
Excuses , joking around , etc .
And now , for who ’s left and what I think of them :
Autumn :
She was swapped with Scott to mix things up on both teams .
Both her and Scott seemed to clash with their respective teams and so far it ’s working out for her although she is a backstabbing jerk when it comes down to it .
Ben : Ben has actually stepped it up since my original analysis .
He is one of the more consistent cooks in the kitchen and with Scott leaving was sent to the ladies team .
I have a feeling it wo n’t end well , but he has the skills .
Ed :
He has managed to fly under the radar and not make any major mistakes so far .
You have to admire the gamesmanship that goes along with being a good cook .
If he keeps this up he can ride the other people ’s stupidity into the finals .
Fran :
She is an idiot .
Ramsay must see something in her because she could have easily been booted by now .
I want to like Fran , but she SUCKS under pressure .
She also basically gave Nilka the “ surprise buttsechs ! ” treatment by putting her name out there for elimination this week which was completely undeserved .
Holli : Still fairly hot , Holli is also a can and the plastic thingy that holds it all together shy of a sixer .
I do n’t know how she has slid by so far , probably the “ Ed strategy ” .
Jason :
He has all of the tools , but his temper is going to get the best of him I am afraid .
I like him a lot , but I just do n’t know what he is thinking sometimes with the silly mistakes .
Jay :
He seems to be doing pretty well so far and making few mistakes .
He seems a little douchey to me , but he ’s playing the game right so far .
I will be interested to see how he eventually responds to having to back stab people .
Nilka :
She is actually turning it on a good bit and doing better than I thought she would .
After the way Fran did her this week , I am totally rooting for her .
Salvatore : He ALMOST walked out after Ramsay was riding him but did n’t .
I am genuinely stunned that he is still on the show , he makes a new mistake every week .
I think he is just likable , or maybe he has some pictures of Gordon that he is bribing him with … I have no idea .
I guess Chef Ramsay COULD see something in him , but I do n’t .
Siobhan :
She has also benefited from other people being dumber and making more mistakes .
She REALLY has to step it up or I could see her being out of there in a week .
An interesting election result in Iceland , thanks to an email from Tom Knapp :
Running on a platform described as “ anarcho - surrealism , ” Iceland ’s Best Party ( Besti Flokkurinn ) is no longer just a big joke .
The six - month - old party led by one of the nation ’s best - known comedians , Jón Gnarr , won a stunning victory in the capital city of Reykjavik ’s local elections , securing the largest percentage of votes ( 34.7 % ) and capturing six of the 15 seats on the city council .
The ruling coalition , consisting of the Social Democratic Alliance and the Left - Green Movement , fared poorly in the election , a likely result of voter unhappiness over an economy that was crippled by the 2008 financial crisis .
Analysts say Gnarr stands a good chance of becoming mayor of Reykjavik .
He told the local media that people should n’t be alarmed by his party ’s rise to power .
“ Nobody needs to be frightened of the Best Party because it ’s the best .
And we only want what is best — if we did n’t , we ’d be called the Worst Party or the Bad Party . ”
During the campaign Gnarr vowed , if elected , to add a polar bear to the city ’s zoo and build a Disneyland near the airport , among other promises listed in his party ’s music video , which claims that his is the “ bestest of parties . ”
Gnarr has also promised “ topnotch stuff as a general rule , ” and “ a drug - free parliament … by 2020 . ”
A couple of Gnarr ’s other campaign promises :
“ I want to become mayor , so that I can do a lot of good things … for my friends and relatives . ”
“ We want to abolish corruption … by doing our own corruption in plain sight . ”
A Timeline Of How The Entertainment Industry Made The File Sharing Issue Much Worse For Itself
from the keep - whac - whac - whacing dept
Napster was a Silicon Valley , venture capital - funded startup that tried to bend over backwards to figure out a way for the industry to embrace it and work with it legitimately .
The entertainment industry had every opportunity to work out a reasonable deal , and instead took a hardline position , suing the company effectively out of business ( though the brand later lived on ) .
After Napster , just as many people warned , the file sharing market began to fragment and shifted to slightly more distributed operations , such as Grokster , Kazaa and Morpheus .
These were a bit more difficult to work with , but all still involved company entities that had an interest in working with the entertainment industry .
Once again , they were sued out of business .
After Grokster , again the market fragmented even more , and a lot of the interest shifted to BitTorrent and tracker sites .
These sites were often outside of the US , and not particularly interested in working with the entertainment industry to actually set up any kind of business relationship .
And , still , the industry sued to get them shut down ( a process that is still ongoing ) , while also seeking to pass specific laws against them .
So here we are , and the market has fragmented even more and people have been driven even further underground to things like private cyberlocker sites .
Hollywood is claiming that many of these sites are run by organized crime groups , though , we 've yet to see any evidence to support that .
" Sometimes these sites look better than the legitimate sites , " Huntsberry said .
" That 's the irony . "
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
A bunch of folks have sent over the various stories about how Paramount 's COO , Fred Huntsberry , recently started claiming that the " new piracy threat " facing Hollywood is " digital lockers . "
The whole article is a bit silly in a variety of ways , not the least of which is that it's an implicit admission that Hollywood 's own tactics have been a complete failure .
The funny thing is that even as they 're admitting it , you get the feeling they do n't realize it .
Let 's follow the " path " which many people warned about as soon as Napster was sued :
So look at the progression here .
There was really one company initially , which was entirely aboveboard and open to working with the entertainment industry .
At every step down the ladder -- each one pushed forward by the entertainment industry 's own lawsuits and regulatory efforts -- the market becomes more fragmented and more underground , with less and less of an ability for the entertainment industry to embrace and work with them .
That 's not irony , Fred , that 's your company and your colleagues failing for over a decade to come up with a way to properly satisfy consumer demand .
All in all , you actually start to wonder if Hollywood has this need to make up some big scary bogeyman to keep pushing its legislative agenda of granting more and more control and taking away more and more user rights .
At first it was " file sharing sites . "
Then those were sued out of existence .
So then it was BitTorrent trackers .
And now its lockers .
In fact , it 's amusing that as part of Huntsberry 's talk he basically admitted that three strikes laws are n't enough because they do n't do anything to stop these file lockers .
In other words , " we fought , and are still fighting , for three strikes laws that we know are useless . "
It 's as if the entertainment industry has to just keep pointing out some huge new threat so that the government keeps paying attention to them .
Along those lines , techflaws.org points us to a German publication 's coverage of the same Huntsberry talk , and it's interesting that The Hollywood Reporter version of the story appears to have conveniently left out the part where Huntsberry blames Google for all of this ( that 's a Google translation of the original ) .
In that one , he calls Google the " biggest leech . "
Of course , the courts recently shot down that claim , but it looks like Viacom and its subsidiaries are sticking to the claim .
What 's amazing , of course , is that if the folks at Paramount and other studios and record labels stopped looking for enemies everywhere , they would have realized there were tons of opportunities to adapt and embrace these things a decade ago .
But each step of the way they 've made things more difficult for themselves .
It 's a living case study in how not to respond to a disruptive market change .
Filed Under : copyright , digital lockers , file sharing , fred huntsberry
Companies : google , paramount
Creativity often goes hand - in - hand with mental illness , such as schizophrenia .
Now scientists think they know why :
The brain responds differently to the " feel good " chemical dopamine in both schizophrenics and the highly creative , a new study suggests .
The results showed similarities between the brains in healthy , highly creative people and those with schizophrenia .
The findings suggest that creative types might not be able to filter information in their heads as well as " normal " folks , leaving them better able to make novel connections and generate unique ideas .
" Thinking outside the box might be facilitated by having a somewhat less intact box , " said study researcher Fredrik Ullén , of the Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm , Sweden .
Studies have found that creative skills are more common in people who have mental illness in their families , and are associated with a higher risk of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .
Also , certain psychological traits , such as the ability to make unusual or bizarre associations are shared by schizophrenics and healthy , highly creative people .
Some research has also found an association between creative abilities and the brain 's dopamine system — the network of neurons set up to respond to dopamine .
( Dopamine is a neurotransmitter that , amongst other things , is involved in the reward response to everything from chocolate to cocaine . )
However , the mechanism behind the dopamine - creativity link was largely a mystery .
Ullén and his colleagues administered psychological tests to 14 participants with no history of mental illness .
The tests were designed to measure creativity , asking the subjects to find many different solutions to a problem .
Those who did well on this test , and were deemed " highly creative , " had a lower density of specific receptors in their brains for dopamine , called D2 receptors , in a region called the thalamus , than did less creative people , according to Ullén .
" Schizophrenics are also known to have low D2 density in this part of the brain , suggesting a cause of the link between mental illness and creativity , " he said .
The thalamus serves as a kind of relay center , filtering information before it reaches areas of the cortex , which is responsible , amongst other things , for cognition and reasoning .
" Fewer D2 receptors in the thalamus probably means a lower degree of signal filtering , and thus a higher flow of information from the thalamus , " Ullén said , and explains that this could a possible mechanism behind the ability of healthy highly creative people to see numerous uncommon connections in a problem - solving situation and the bizarre associations found in the mentally ill .
The results were published online May 17 in the journal PLoS ONE .
The state government has sold its '' licence to print money ' ' for $ 1.1 billion , offloading NSW Lotteries in a move which will wipe out its projected deficit for 2009 - 10 and give it additional fiscal firepower as it gears up for next year 's election .
Tatts Group has agreed to pay $ 850 million for the licence to run NSW Lotteries for the next 40 years , with another $ 160 million , mostly cash , to be transferred from the lotteries business into government coffers before the sale is finalised .
The sale price was well above initial estimates that the business would sell for about $ 500 million .
Based on the latest profit by NSW Lotteries , that estimate had risen to more than $ 700 million as the sale process began .
'' We will be recovering some state debt , '' the Treasurer , Eric Roozendaal , said .
The amount used to repay debt would be '' worked out through the budget committee process ' ' with other proceeds spent on frontline government services and infrastructure .
Lagging a few years behind the liberal media , public opinion and common sense , the justice system has come to the conclusion that President Geroge W. Bush ’s warrantless wiretapping program broke the rules .
Lawyers fighting the government on this sometimes have had to overcome extraordinary obstacles .
Try proving your client was actually spied on by a secret program .
Throw in a government , under both Bush and President Barack Obama , that cries “ state secrets ! ” every time you get close .
It ’s thanks only to a few missteps on Uncle Sam ’s part that lawyers in this case were able to show heavy breathing on the other end of the line , so to speak .
— PZS
by Michelle Taylor , Diet Counselor
Would n’t it be nice if there was something delicious you could drink with your meals that would also help you to lose weight ?
The good news is that recent scientific studies point to green tea as being the “ weight loss drink ” we ’ve all been searching for !
Specifically , there is some evidence that the chemical EGCG found in ordinary green tea may help the body to burn fat .
Unlike dark tea , which is brewed with fermented leaves , green tea is produced by steaming fresh leaves .
This results in a higher content of polyphenols like EGCG , which is a flavonol .
Black tea has up to 10 % polyphenols , while green tea has up to 40 % .
Because of its high percentage of polyphenols , green tea is purported to have many health benefits , from maintaining normal blood pressure to lowering the risk of some cancers .
Drinking green tea also supports weight loss .
Should You Drink Green Tea to Lose Weight ?
Green tea ’s calorie - burning properties may lie in the ability of EGCG to increase the body ’s heat production by speeding up metabolism .
Drinking green tea for weight loss works because it seems to increase the amount of calories the body burns throughout the day for all activities , whether you are moving or at rest .
Your body ’s ability to burn calories appears to increase when you drink green tea .
Drinking Green Tea Boosts Your Metabolism
The positive effect of green tea on weight and metabolism has been studied by scientists .
Many of them have reported encouraging results , which makes drinking green tea one of the best ( and most delicious ) ways to lose weight .
In one scientific study , green tea extract caused a noticeable boost in metabolism .
Green tea appeared to raise metabolic rates and speed up the process of fat oxidation .
This is further evidence of the weight loss benefits of consuming green tea .
Green tea displays thermogenic properties and promotes fat oxidation above and beyond the benefits from its caffeine content alone .
While digesting and absorbing food as it ’s being eaten , the body also burns calories , a process known as thermogenesis .
The green tea study involved 10 healthy young males , with weights ranging from lean to mildly overweight .
Each individual was randomly assigned three meals containing one of three treatments : green tea extract ( containing 50 milligrams of caffeine ) ; a 50 milligram capsule of caffeine ; or a placebo capsule .
The result ?
Those who consumed green tea extract had a 4 % increase in thermogenesis , with an overall energy expenditure increase of 4.5 % .
It appears that taking green tea extract helped them to burn more fat .
How Many Cups of Green Tea to Lose Weight ?
Opinions vary , but the general consensus is that 3 to 5 cups of green tea per day is optimal .
The best time to drink green tea is … whenever you feel like it !
If you ’re wondering how to use green tea for reducing your weight , remember that it also contains caffeine , but not as much as coffee .
If you ’re worried about the caffeine contained in green tea , consider taking green tea extract .
Most green tea extract is made from decaffeinated green tea , which allows you to benefit from the weight loss benefits without the caffeine .
There are also green tea pills and a green tea patch available .
Concentration , mental alertness and problem - solving abilities are also said to be improved by drinking green tea .
Students are reported to do better on exams when sipping fresh green tea .
Business people also benefit from being mentally sharp , and consuming green tea can help them improve concentration , manage stress and boost overall job performance ( while helping them stay slim at the same time ) .
Some Tips on Buying Green Tea
When you go shopping for quality green tea , you will find that the two most common forms are green tea bags and loose leaf green tea .
Green tea extract and powdered green tea are also available both in shops and on the internet .
Stores selling green tea extract include GNC , Amazon , InviteHealth and the Vitamin Shoppe .
Some of the top brands are Pure Inventions , Herbasway , Nature Made and Nature ’s Way .
Take your time and make certain that you are purchasing from a reputable tea supplier who is selling a quality product .
Like most things , you get what you pay for , so choose a high quality brand of green tea or green tea extract .
Read green tea reviews to see which brands others recommend .
Does Drinking Green Tea Reduce the Risk of Cancer ?
A recent study of Chinese women who drank green tea at least 3 times a week demonstrated a reduced incidence of cancer .
The report , which appeared in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition , found that among 69,000 Chinese women who drank green tea at least three times a week , 14 % were less likely to develop cancers of the digestive system , and 29 % were less likely to develop colorectal cancers .
As you can see , drinking green tea helps you lose weight by boosting your metabolism , regulating your blood sugar and controlling your hunger .
It may also help to prevent certain cancers .
While green tea may be the key to weight loss success and is one of the best quick weight loss tips around , it also offers a lot of other important health benefits .
However , just drinking green tea alone , without healthy diet and exercise , probably wo n’t be enough .
Ideally , green tea should be just one part of your overall diet and exercise plan for weight loss .
( published February 7 , 2010 )
by ·
A Few Health Tips to Keep Cancer at Bay
Cancer .
The word lurks like a deadly assassin waiting for his next victim in a darkened alley .
It ’s enough to send fear right into the bravest heart in the world , and it continues to be a growing concern for people around the globe .
According to a recent report by the Associated Press , cancer will be the number one killer in the world by the year 2010 and international health experts foresee a doubling in the global rate of cancer deaths by 2030 .
Not only that , but Med Health Insurance says that cancer has been steadily rising around the globe and are expected to hit 12 million this year , with deaths from cancer logging in at 7 million .
By the year 2030 this shocking toll will hit 27 million diagnoses and 17 million deaths according to U.S. News and World Report .
Pretty grim , is n’t it .
Do n’t resign yourself to be one of these statistics just yet - there are plenty of ways you can help keep cancer out of your life .
Read on and be healthy .
Tip # 1 : Let Food be Your Focus
What does your body need from food to help keep cancer at bay ?
Nutrients .
So many packaged foods , fruits and vegetables included , have been stripped of vital nutrients .
Look for locally grown and organic produce , and look for things in their whole and complete state ( i.e. not processed ) .
These can be foods like apples , potatoes , celery and even chicken legs .
Focus on cooking at home with ingredients like these , as you do n’t know what restaurants are cooking with .
Try and eat the closest to a plant - based diet as you can , and eat them raw .
If you ’re constantly stuffing your face with starchy , processed foods like bread , pancakes and snack - esque foods , you are n’t getting much nutritional benefit and you certainly are n’t helping keep cancer away .
Think of food as an investment for your health - do n’t buy packaged food just because they ’re nice to your pocketbook .
Budget for high quality fruits and vegetables - your health is worth it .
Need some more specific food examples ?
Look for berries , apples eaten with their seeds , almonds , Brazil nuts , broccoli and other veggies with four petaled flowers , green leafy vegetables , beans and other legumes , garlic , tea , grapes , red wine , avocados , and tomatoes .
A lot of culinary herbs have cancer fighting properties so use them whenever possible you can in cooking .
Turmeric , ginger , rosemary , cumin , and cayenne are among the richest in cancer fighting compounds .
Bon appetite !
Tip # 2 : Avoid Chemicals
I do n’t imagine that any of you are running around rolling in chemicals , but they can be lurking where you least expect it .
If your body is constantly being invaded with chemicals , it has to focus on that rather than keeping cancerous cells at bay .
Again , Med Health
Insurance says you should pay attention to your health by using your body ’s biofeedback .
Chemicals are in food , they are in our air and water , our cleaning products and even our electronic devices .
Unless you live in a plastic bubble , it may seem tough to avoid coming into contact with chemicals .
It may take a little more work , but it is feasible .
Read labels .
Look for personal care and cleaning products that are toxin free .
Read reviews online , and feel free to contact the companies themselves with questions .
Keep houseplants around the house - they help keep the air clean .
As far as gadgets go , ditch the microwave if you can live without one .
Limit your cell phone use .
Do n’t sit around with your laptop on your lap .
Related articles across the web
Comments
Magnum π
Most of the time , he just shakes mathletes down for drug money .
This is the most action he 's gotten in weeks .
Sam Harris ’ new book is n’t out until October , but his new arguments have already hit the public — as outlined in his TED talk and ensuing articles ( 1 and 2 ) — and are creating quite a stir .
From the likes of our very own Massimo Pigliucci to physicist Sean Carroll ( 1 and 2 ) , Harris has received two main criticisms : first , that he has not overcome Hume ’s “ is-ought ” obstacle , and second , that the terms he employs to define his morality , “ well - being ” and “ flourishing , ” are too vague to form the basis of any universal or objective morality .
This essay will not address the supposed “ is - ought ” problem .
It will also not build universal definitions of “ well - being ” and “ flourishing , ” or an objective secular morality ( note : this is not an argument for moral relativism ) .
Rather , this essay will discuss the universal understanding of morality .
People might not agree on the meaning of terms like “ well - being ” and “ flourishing , ” but perhaps they can agree that these concepts , however they are used , are the very concern of morality itself in its broadest sense .
The argument is that morality , and moral contemplation , is the domain of concerns for the well - being ( generally , happiness and / or health ) and flourishing ( generally , the amount to which one is thriving , prospering , succeeding ) of sentient and conscious beings .
Morality is an expression of the desire for happiness and a good life .
People promote their moral views because they want to live in what they think is a fair and civil society , for the benefit of themselves and others .
This is not meant as an exhaustive sampling , but consider some of the various moral systems .
Many believe morality concerns doing what God commands people to do .
Consequentialists or utilitarians , believe morality should be a function of weighing the outcome of a belief , decision , or action , for the greatest good .
Virtue ethicists , put central focus on the moral character of a person , while promoting certain values .
Still others , deontologists , follow a moral system that sets certain principles and guidelines to follow ( 1 ) .
More generally , ask the man or woman on the street , and many will say that morality is about goodness for one ’s self and for others .
Now consider that even religious believers think humans should follow God commandments because they think it is best for humanity .
Consequentialists aim to ensure the happiness and well - being for the most beings that can experience such .
Virtue ethicists focus on moral character , and certain values , because they think this is the best way to foster a reasonable , just , and civil society , which they believe produces well - being for all .
Deontologists argue that guidelines are necessary for a morally good society .
Even someone like Kant , with his categorical imperative , had to believe his moral ideas were in the service of a more moral world .
In sum , all moral systems , beliefs , and values — religious or secular — are generally about how to best treat other beings and how to form a better society .
This argument may not be convincing to you .
As it is , there are three quality objections lurking around the corner that must be reconciled before this writer himself can be convinced .
The first objection is that morality is about truth .
People do n’t necessarily want well - being , but they think they are right , and will follow their beliefs regardless of the outcome .
For instance , secular philosophers would not posit that society should embrace belief in God even if it was proven that it made society collectively happier or more civil ( it does n’t ) .
Others might argue that religious believers are carrying out God ’s will because they actually believe God wants them to do it , not because they think it is best for humanity .
But does n’t everyone think truth is the best path to take ?
Both groups in the above examples would be acting in such a way because of their belief that society is always better off for picking truth over superstition .
We all believe we are right to believe what we believe .
This is just how belief works .
Nobody knowingly deceives himself or herself about their beliefs or asks others to do the same for the mere pleasure of the experience .
Indeed , almost all people promote that the best way to believe is to base beliefs on evidence and reason .
If faith were truly faith , theology would not exist .
Indeed , even supporters of fideism employ reason to support faith .
The second objection is that morality is about power and control .
This camp argues that many , or even most systems of morality have been created , sustained , and / or hijacked and used in the interest of maintaining power and influence over others .
Creators of these moralities have n’t had in mind well - being or flourishing for anyone but themselves .
Morality , thus , is a tool used by the powerful to control others .
There is no doubt this observation is true .
But that does not mean morality cannot be accepted and used differently by the majority of those who adopt it .
Far fewer people make , create or hijack moral systems than follow moral systems .
Even if a handful of people can use morality to their own ends , why do the masses accept such morality ?
Because they believe it enhances their own well - being .
The third objection is that morality is more about sustaining community and identity .
Morality , in this view , has been used to keep people of certain tribes together by way of common rituals and customs .
Morality surely includes such things .
But preservation of one ’s community and identity is in the very service of promoting well - being and flourishing for one ’s society and one ’s self .
Identities are arrived at via a determination of the beliefs and values involved .
By choosing certain ideas and traditions , one thinks he or she is doing better for themselves and their community .
Exceptions for these objections would do no harm to the thesis .
Remember that the argument is about morality in its most universal sense .
That people hold their moral views because they think they are correct in doing so in no way undermines this thesis , because being correct is at the core of well - being and flourishing for all sane people .
That some people have created or hijacked morality for their narrow benefit does not suggest that the majority of people do not follow or use morality for different purposes , such as living a good life and helping others do the same .
Morality might even be about well - being at a number of different levels for different people , from one person , to local tribes , and the global community .
But this does not mean that in some sense people are not concerned with the well - being of a certain society and its members .
One more lingering objection helps bring this essay to a close .
Some argue that moral contemplation , or what we call ethics , is more extensive than stated .
This position argues that moral contemplation asks “ what ought we do ? ”
Well - being and flourishing , then , become axioms which one might want to define and work toward .
Others might choose different axioms .
Yet moral contemplation does not usually weigh such questions as : “ what ought we do about lunch , turkey or ham ? ” or “ what ought we do tonight ? ” or “ what ought we do about the car , which needs fixing ? ”
Even if such questions were posed in the moral sense , they would involve the potential happiness and suffering of beings who are involved in those questions .
The focus and concerns of moral conversation entail “ what ought we do in regard to the well - being and flourishing of creatures that might experience pain and happiness ? ”
All the different axioms one can select are in the service of working toward
greater well - being and flourishing , however one defines those terms .
An over - abundance of subjectivity might bother some , but it need n’t worry us here .
Well - being and flourishing are surely defined differently by different people , and many systems of morality seem misguided and horrid to us .
Yet , even though people have different conceptions of how to achieve well - being and flourishing , achieving these things is their moral goal .
Further , just as the idea of secular moral philosophy does not fall because there are various conceptions of the best secular moral system , morality itself does not fall because people come to the table with different ideas and definitions about what a good moral system looks like .
Remember , this is not a conversation about objective standards for moral beliefs and values , but instead , for a somewhat objective view of morality ’s broadest concerns and purpose .
Morality and moral debate must have parameters .
A frame for our moral conversations will make clear what participants ’ moral beliefs and values , and reasons and justifications for such , should concern .
Accepting that morality and moral contemplation centrally focus on the well - being and flourishing of ( at least potentially ) sentient and conscious creatures would at least get public discussion about morality between all the groups in our pluralistic society on some firmer , shared ground .
From there , one could apply his or her objective standards .
But without first setting a frame , people cannot engage in the defined , quality public dialogue that might lead to more objective moral truths .
Notes :
( 1 ) .
One need not pick from only these moral philosophies ; one can consider them collectively .
But many people find themselves more in one camp than another .
Note :
This essay was originally published on the blog Rationally Speaking .
by Robert Martin on May 10 , 2010
In preparation for a post - oil society , individuals must prepare themselves mentally for the reintroduction of communal culture .
In order for these communities to survive they must discover the best way to survive the worst that a falling empire of debt can throw at them .
In trying to understand what we must achieve within the next decade or so in terms of relocalisation and ethnic re-establishment , we must know how to adapt to the onslaught of economic depression and by what means we can avoid the negative effects of hyperinflation , social unrest , ethnic riots , nuclear fallout or whatever will happen as a result through the collapse of modernity .
I will try to explain in idealistic terms certain things which may help us – given the reality of our situation it may or may not be realisable within our current positions in society but will at least illuminate a completely new perspective on viewing the economy and how to tackle it , and repossessing that which falls in our grasp .
Economic Empires
To begin with , let us add another dimension toward how we observe these economical occurences and explain how we may best adapt and resecure whatever wealth we have into another form of wealth that is beyond and bouyant , practically invisible to the tyranny of consumer economies .
The economy that exists within the enclosure of civilization is very similar to the bodies use of energy gradients , of osmosis throughout the cells to ensure their needs are adequately matched and not overcharged or undercharged .
Therefore , the civilization economy is similar to an artificial ecosystem of many cells , all joined up into a , rather horrid , multicelluar blob called a globalised economy .
In modern society , our globalised economy is not , it is a monopoly , one pyramid amidst no other , a lonely tree in the desert – this is extremely vulnerable as it only operates on one dimension , denying any other exists .
This envelopes the world of individual nations measuring them all by GDP , industry , job slavery , production and other half wit indications of a nation ’s ‘ wealth ’ .
Let us invision a future where it is n’t , where there is a wilderness of differing species of civilizations and economies that benefit each other like an atmosphere , the same as many healthy single cellular cyanobacteria produce the oxygen we breathe – once many nations become this way , only then will we have the foundation necessary for the most natural planetary economy - system to see us through thousands of years .
In order for this to be achieved , self sustainability of localised economies must be healthy toward themselves individually but most importantly , toward their neighbours collectively .
Therefore by balancing these both in a symmetry , they overcome their bleak environment and create an economic singularity .
An ecological economy derived from many nations performing autarky – bringing solidarity toward the nation and strengthening relations with neighbours as allies .
Levels of Wealth
Four primary layers of wealth
Mech : Credit ( Civil capital which is thoroughly subjective inside modern civilization )
Civil : Capital ( Combination of the previous two , natural things are socialized )
Social : Valuation ( Social worth toward thing )
Natural : Accumulation ( Actual thing in itself )
There is a foundation of natural wealth and that is the actual item , physical thing in itself – something pure and undomestic , having independence from anthropomorphic socialization .
The social valuation is evolved upon this support niche , the natural item provokes interests for various biological reasons of the natural things .
For example ; food is important , it sustains our life , therefore it has a high social worth , likewise with water .
Upon this a civil capital is created and finally introduces the wealth of which we know of , the civil wealth , or commonly known as money and any item which has a price tag on it .
The natural and the social wealth are undomestic wealth , the civil is domestic wealth , it is transnatural and alien .
( On the diagram I have placed cultural values on the social , even though it really is a more natural form of civil wealth – but for the main reason cultural values are more inherently socialized then money is ) .
Natural wealth is the things in themselves and what they are made of , something which civilization converts with social valuations into items or produce .
Social wealth is the valuation of the natural items toward that specific socialization – they vary in their valuations and make some civil produce ‘ worth ’ more than that of another , so a TV is worth alot to a horde of proles , whereas to a spiritual elite it is worthless other than for natural metals and reusable materials .
Civil wealth and produce is therefore the unity of natural items and social valuations .
The quality of the social valuation is retrospective of the quality of its citizenry .
Where a civilization breaks the support niche that ensures health and natural intellect , the civil needs are ignored and the social needs fall out of balance with the natural .
This causes a cancerous bulge of over - socialized morons that break the singularity of civilization , which decreases the aesthetic civil unity between natural and social through their degenerate barbarism .
Sane grips on a natural reality are lost as the unnatural social neediness , neurosis and selfishness cause insanity of the economic collective , obscuring the natural prerequisites from which the civilization needs to ensure the individuals needs are satiated naturally as to keep the whole healthy .
It also means that without the natural prerequisites of their lesser forms , things such as credits and capital lose their value from their base , a leaky bucket – they are entirely dependent on natural wealth and social wealth ( earth and culture ) to sustain .
This is why a degenerate society loses all its wealth by printing more money and diluting the actual natural - social worth of its monetary economy – primarily because they have spoilt our Earth and tried to , unsustainably grow like a cancererous tumour would .
Too much social valuation has been placed on modern economies and they have neglected the more holistic wealth , that ofÂ spirit and natural intuition with the wilderness – something money can never buy ..
Our modern economies are unable to satiate the individuals needs because ; firstly , there are far too many people alive today , secondly because the majority of individuals themselves are irrespective of civilization and simply do n’t care for anything but themselves ( many modern day corporations , banks and the proliferation of consumerism – mech / civil wealth ) .
This places far too much social value on things which are naturally worthless ( shoes , handbags , cars , games , alcohol etc ) .
Thus the social wealth exceeds the actual , natural , holistic wealth – such as pretending shit is gold .
However , if you actually ‘ alchemized ’ this shit into gold then your base of natural sustenance , natural wealth , will grow in a non-modern meaning .
It will be successful in the economy at large as more social value is focused on this reconstitution of a previous social negative .
Through this it is able to fluctuate between each layer of wealth and merchant between the flux , losing or gaining value to accurately reflect the nature of the civilization – thus survive the natural and social hurdles combined .
The most successful wealth generating civilization is one that abides its natural needs above all else , then the true social needs ( that of the most productive , sane individuals in the civilization , not the needy neediness of insatiable consumer herds , therefore not socialized illusions ) and through these combined it can survive and sustain the civil inorganism beyond self - sustainability and into self –evolutionary by increasing the natural quality and complexity of the quantity .
Cultural Whiplash
For a civilization to survive it must keep its veins and arteries ( a form of taxation and of wages , not necessarily monetary ) of the economy flowing whilst making sure each cell is not starved of what it needs to be productive to the whole .
Thus using many localised cell economies to sustain a multicellular national economy and into the community of self - evolutionary economies in the global .
This civil body of a nation is then united through culture and ethnicity , due to the fact that different cultures and ethnicities form seperate socializations – having evolved in isolation for thousands of years and therefore inefficient and assymetric with disorganised ‘ diversity ’ .
They form active extremities , a social schizophrenia within an individual civilization , it ’s like a soviet experiment stitching two dogs heads on a body , for whatever dumb reason – it is cruel to both involved and causes unnecessary alienation .
Much life energy is lost in the chasm between the competing values system in frustration .
Each nation must have their own economies , they are their own pinnacle , likewise the peaks of mountains do not hug each other – they are high above the valley from which 90 % of the real wealth belongs in nature , in culture .
Making globalized , mechanical credit economies with no physical sustenance is destined for collapse ; it has not the unity between all the other forms of wealth required to maintain such a mechanized economy .
The masses revolt when they ’re alienated by a social schizophrenia ; they release their kinetic wave energy into the surrounding environment in a desperate attempt to redeem whatever they have lost as their life force has no place in the economy – the support niche thins toward the base where the base of workers is actually much larger than the support niche can sustain .
They are unsustained and have no natural - social - civil environment , or culture , around them which will absorb that heat of alienation into the surrounding environment and thus increasing its potential , its rest energy , its natural wealth .
The civil capital and mech credit that we are so fond of , will fall in a mudslide when inflation rains down within the next few years ; because there is no culture to root in the soil of reality , and because the natural accumulation of crude oil has peaked therefore , anything build upon that will slide off and collapse .
It is terrible that we are so disconnected from reality , but that is a good thing for the earth in the long run given the damage that has been inflicted upon it .
Therefore we must create with our collective cultures , fresh , near - primitive economies from the foundation upwards based on nature for our future .
The Aristocratic Warrior Corporation
In order to avoid the falling boulders of debt and combat the corrupt oligarchs who deliberately threaten us , there must be introduced a new species of corporation in all our economic doings .
To create a ruthless predator of consumer corporations thus revitalizing the unity between laborer , artisan and elite through an aristocratic order and sane corporeal agency .
Through this they can overcome the weak and mundane economic giants that have injected themselves with social steroids , as to become beefed up with so much vacuum social wealth that is seperated by a schizoid between nature and itself .
By only investing in the natural needs ; the quality of produce in itself and of the productive workers who have reasonable self sustenance as to not expire all their wealth energy into the surrounding parasites ( buying junk ) , as to actually evolve with the civil inorganism , here we have an economic primitivism .
An economic naturalism ( of the most naturalized , viril forms and castes of the civilization entity ) .
And not only the workers would be satiated , but they would overcome themselves and be challenged , they would be craftsmen and women , learning a true trade and not life denying job - slavery which would leave the majority of time to one ’s environment and community therefore increasing mental strength and social solidarity .
They would be treated like family , they keep what they need and help each other out within the shared entity through the roughest of times .
They would create produce that increases the complexity and variety of natural things required for civilization without an over extortionate social valuation of them – combined with their own culture they would create not consumer junk , but actual items that can last for many years and be reused and real heritage .
Debts exist where the social value exceeds the natural value , it does n’t accurately represent and is illusionary .
In order for this agency corporation to survive it must avoid the debt - devolution and go beyond itself as to create wealth - evolution .
By both adapting to the naturalized - social - civil needs of the environment , the civilization , the individual and being as ethereal as possible to the predominent civil ‘ order ’ or constraints that are chained to it externally .
It is to starve the surrounding parasites of any natural wealth and let them pump up with vacuum wealth of social illusions as to devolve with their debts into bankrupcy .
In an ascending way above the surrounding civilization environment ; an Aristoration fulfills the needs of locals where ever in the world they are , once it gets a firm foothold and rooting it cannot be uprooted by any lesser forms of organisation .
Through local cultures they can capitalise their energy into which this evolutionary econosystem can then combat and kill off corporations leaving them with nothing but brand commodity , which will slide away into nothingness .
To third world regions , if an aristocratic corporeal was toÂ overcome and lead those communities , and infused with local cultures and creating caste systems among them , could actually pay the workers and isolate them from western jobs and focus more internally , it would help them tackle their problems ( overpopulation , Â they would have the resourcesÂ for conflict ) Â and encourage superhuman evolution within african , afghan , indian , martian , britain – or where ever it could possibly take a hold in such aÂ crappy environment .
WithÂ sanity these third world regions would be cured by capitalizing on localised economies through localised social valuations , they could be immune to foreign species of economics – therefore if they could make themselves appreciate the spiritual and intellectual elites among them more – this would create a gradient with this wealth as to internalise it and prevent its expulsion , a safe haven from multinational parasitic economies and corporations – the degenerates from our modern society would shrivel up and die – starve them to death of any cheap labour .
Back to theÂ main point – at present , paying with cash is a naturalized , socialized and civilized way and is the most natural in civilization as is currently possible toward the whole .
Although if we were to manage a small community in localisation , therefore barter economics could become valuable ( especially immediately after social collapse ) .
It is better as this is only naturalized and socialized with no domesticated metal and paper as a medium between them , it is localised and is good for the community ( there is no nationalised economic blood streams between the community – small communities can diffuse natural wealth efficiently as to not need any arteries or veins between them and little to no economic blood suckers can merchant in between them ) .
Modern society has parasitic civil constraints ( over - centralized government taxes and all that which sustains the parasite ) so cash is the most ‘ natural ’ in this limited world .
Credit cards are mechanized , and giving that our foundations are ill constituted and are unstable ( governments think that pumping money into the system is the only solution to try and decrease debt ) becauseÂ it is simply ignoringÂ reality and trying to float above it , something they cannot achieve due to the need to actually sustain citizens .
Life in the Freezer – Intelligent Extremophiles
In trying to survive this cold climate of parasitic debt we can call upon the help of emperor penguins .
Look to the most extreme environments on this earth and see how life survives through the harshest environments , the emperor penguin during the midst of an antarctic winter , - 60 degrees celsius and 100 mph winds .
Try and think of our situation within civilization as that of the penguins .
Within this century , all individuals not caring for anyone else , ‘ minding their own business ‘ will simply die , they ’ll become poor , famine , riots – the gradient ( skin ) of the body that keeps the heat inside from escaping out into the surrounding cold is too weak alone and therefore all its natural wealth ( its heat ) is quickly eaten up by the careless winds of consumerism and parasitic debts of mountainous proportions .
Now imagine these winds as an anti-socialization – one that is devolving , full of debt and is throwing it around like a blizzard .
It steals the natural wealth out of everything and instead it covers them in tonnes of fake social wealth ( unnatural social value of an item , buying junk thinking you will need it ) .
Therefore covering it in ice – freezing it , killing it , the anti-socialization is trying to evolve itself out of devolution but is unable to because there is no sun ( no workers under direct leadership toward it ) to produce any natural wealth , workers on their own fail to produce any civil wealth ( communism ) as the civil inorganism is not build upon a higher foundation in which to diffuse it to where it is needed most and cannot capitalise .
Thus there is nothing that could sustain such a debt in the core of winter , the core of an economic bust .
It happens because there is no leaders that would lead the workers to actually produce any wealth at all nor reserve it as warmth , instead they spend it on over - socialized junk , their ‘ bread and circuses ’ to the surrounding civil parasites , the old and decaying corporations .
They run out by themselves into circus land and die in the coldest blizzard imaginable , that is the fate of modern consumerists – it ’s their own fault , they ’ll drown in debt and get covered in ice – most commit suicide or turn to drugs and TV .
That however , is not our fate to share , we are not equally as stupid as the majority of people .
We , like these penguins must become natural perfectors of these harsh climes , they act as one – similar to the omish communities but extreme .
Now a new species of corporation must be like this , an aristocratic corporation , an aristoration ; one that is to restore societies into aristocracies and keep them alive through the collapse of the oil - based economy , uniting the labourers , artisans and spiritual elites who are not infected with social viruses like political correctness –
Those parasites would happily be the death of us all with their dumb catch phrases ‘ UHH dat is RACITS !!1! ’ – they are unconstructive and worthless .
This aristoration is to slowly predate the surrounding weak businesses and corporations acting as many tiny aristocracies as to not create any monopoly , but a multicellular monopoly consisting of thousands of small ordered communities , resembling a kind of direct democracy borderline fascism ( where necessary for survival ) , combined in one animal of a communal corporation .
Taking measures not to let its heat , its natural wealth or any form of naturalized wealth to escape into the surrounding idiocy and the junk of consumerism .
Conservation of energy , now thinking of a star that is quantizing its mass so much as to form fusion economics – keeping so much heat inside and not allowing this to escape into the near - infinite cold outside the community – to create a aristocratic plasma like flow – emitting only light and creating a gravity gradient sphere around into the surrounding bleakness , widening its support niche and allowing third parties to revolve around us , restructuring the centralization of civilization .
Fusing natural wealth together is to attain a higher natural wealth that is beyond and bouyant of modern civilization ; so ethereal towards it that taxes cannot capture it and freeze it in their blizzard – it ’s called culture and having not exposed ourselves as individuals , tyrannic laws and parasites of govermental proportions cannot consume it whole , as more people are linked together with good respect toward each other .
These larger bodies outside of the community cannot bully any one individual with their cold hostility as the communities join together and overwhelm the parasite in a discharge of acid against whatever natural wealth it has , a benevolent - like malevolence , something which corrodes them internally and divides them .
The dead arms of government and old - corporations and businesses that fall are then consumed by the aristoration as it grows naturally replacing all their functions in civilization and evolving them to make a stronger society .
This can only sustain itself if the individuals remain as a whole and do not do anything selfish or stupid as to put the entire community at risk , one disruption can open the entire community and release all of its heat into the surrounding cold , devolving the community and making its chances of survival slimmer .
Penguin Supernovas .
There must be a cycle to those who shield against the debts toward the community as to push this cold outside and unable to steal the wealth and products of economic fusion , the super heavy nuclei of higher culture .
In the harshest of times then the natural wealth must be cycled from the core to around the exterior of the community as to create a centrifuge , naturally , the heat - like wealth in its lesser forms will spread in relative equilibrium collectively ; and through this an ascendence above the surrounding cold toward the centralization .
Putting this into practice will require localisation and Â co-operation of like minded individuals of similar cultures , it will need a quantity of natural resources , starting with whatever we possess .
It will also require turning ‘ shit into gold ’ as I call it , thereby turning things which are commonly thrown away into resources that can be exceeded in social wealth from their limited natural wealth , and then discharge this acid ( eco friendly of course , ecological bread and circuses ) into the sea of idiots .
That meaning something naturally worthless can be used as something socially worthwhile for the short term that allows individuals around to discharge their natural wealth into the aristoration thereby increasing its economic gravity .
The art ofÂ economic war .
For anything to ultimately evolve or attain ‘ growth ’ in this civilization , it must freeze that around it and absorb its kinetic energy heating it internally as to fuse natural wealth and create social wealth through its recombination into something not only stronger , but popular to use against the mediocre , aÂ weed killer , Â to increasing its capital potential – preserving that heat internally as not to emit it into the cold around it .
Towards those who hate life and evolution , those deliberately outside the aristoration , give themÂ their doseÂ of quality Â mediocrity – specially designed for every generalized idiot throughÂ leadership , so that they do not participate in life and give up all their natural wealth to those who actually need it for the collective good of mankind – for the wildlife , for space entrepreneurship , for culture , for colonization , for terraformation , for advancing technologies within self sustained arcologies , agrology , for keeping the earth unpolluted , conserved and even exceeding its glory .
All natural profit is the life blood of the aristoration and is used to keep the whole healthy , it is contained within the whole and not within any one particular individual on its natural level , as it accends , social wealth always transcends beyond the natural – social status happens , shit happens therefore ‘ capitalist ’ mountains of natural - social surrounded by a warm sea of natural wealth , a cultured commune evolved from within a communal capitalism .
This is all to ultimately survive and overcome the threats imposed by mediocrity , destructive business and any other threats to Earth .
These may be overcome through our total possession and overcoming of it – creating a planetary environment that thrives with evolution through conservation and a traditionÂ of naturalizedÂ social values .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
If I had my way , Portal guns would appear in all other games .
Far Cry 2 , Dragon Age , World Of Goo , Freecell , the lot .
And they ’d appear in real life .
Imagine how great things would be if I had my way .
However , if the modding project of one Pawn from 3 - PG manages to escape some awkward obstacles , we could soon be seeing a mod that allows the Portal gun in Team Fortress 2 .
Called , rather wonderfully , Team Portress , the video below explains how the gun works in game , first demonstrating what it ’s capable of , then showing you the weapon in a proper game .
The catch ?
According to the poster , Valve has recently introduced a ban on custom items being given to players to prevent the anarchic distribution of hats .
Can I once more go on record saying that the hats in TF2 are the stupidest thing ever , that have caused more problems than anyone could ever have imagined for something quite so unimportant .
There is , inevitably , a petition to have Valve ’s change revoked , to allow this sort of modding to take place .
And if you watch the video below , you too might be upset that it ’s no longer possible to attach entities to players .
We ’ve contacted Valve to ask them whether they have plans to change the policy to allow items like this to be a feature in TF2 .
We ’ll let you know their response .
Mind that age !
This blog post is 10 years old !
Most likely , its content is outdated .
Especially if it 's technical .
Here I 'm going to explain how to combine Django and MongoDB using MongoKit and django - mongokit .
MongoDB is a document store built for high speed and high concurrency with a very good redundancy story .
It 's an alternative to relational databases ( e.g. MySQL ) that is what Django is tightly coupled with in it 's ORM ( Object Relation Mapping ) and what it 's called now is ODM ( Object Document Mapping ) in lack of a better acronym .
That 's where MongoKit comes in .
It 's written in Python and it connects to the MongoDB database using a library called pymongo and it turns data from the MongoDB and turns it into instances of classes you have defined .
MongoKit has nothing to do with Django .
That 's where django - mongokit comes in .
Written by yours truly .
So we start by defining a MongoKit subclass :
import datetime from mongokit import Document class Computer ( Document ) : structure = { ' make ' : unicode , ' model ' : unicode , ' purchase_date ' : datetime .
datetime , ' cpu_ghz ' : float , } validators = { ' cpu_ghz ' : lambda x : x > 0 , ' make ' : lambda x : x . strip ( ) , } default_values = { ' purchase_date ' : datetime .
datetime .
utcnow , } use_dot_notation =
True indexes = [ { ' fields ' : [ ' make ' ]} , ]
All of these class attributes are features of MongoKit .
Their names are so obvious that it needs no explanation .
Perhaps the one about ' use_dot_notation ' ; it makes it possible to access data in the structure with a dot on the instance rather that the normal dictionary lookup method .
Now let 's work with this class on the shell .
Important : to actually try this you have to have MongoDB and pymongo installed and up and running MongoDB :
>>> from mongokit import Connection >>> conn = Connection ( ) >>> from mymodels import Computer >>> conn .
register ([ Computer ] ) >>> database = conn .
mydb # will be created if it did n't exist >>> collection = database .
mycollection # equivalent of a SQL table >>> instance = collection .
Computer ( ) >>> instance .
make = u " Apple " >>> instance .
model = u " G5 " >>> instance .
cpu_hrz = 2.66 >>> instance . save ( ) >>> >>> type ( instance ) < class ' mymodels .
Computer '> >>> instance { ' model ' : u ' G5 ' , ' make ' : u ' Apple ' , ' _id ' : ObjectId ( '4b9244989d40b334b4000000 ' ) , ' cpu_ghz ' : None , ' purchase_date ' : datetime .
datetime ( 2010 , 3 , 6 , 12 , 3 , 8 , 281905 ) } >>>
As you can see it 's pretty easy to work with and it just feels so pythonic and obvious .
What you get is a something that works just like a normal base class with some extra sugar plus the fact that it can save the data persistently and does so efficiently and redundantly ( assuming you do some work on your MongoDB set it up with replication and / or sharding ) .
Now let 's look at retrieval which , as per the design principles of MongoKit , follows the basic interface of pymongo .
To learn about querying you can skim the MongoKit documentation but really the thing to read is the pymongo documentation which MongoKit layers thinly :
>>> from mongokit import Connection >>> conn = Connection ( ) >>> from mymodels import Computer >>> conn .
register ([ Computer ] ) >>> database = conn .
mydb >>> collection = database .
mycollection >>> instances = collection .
Computer . find ( ) >>> type ( instances ) < class ' mongokit .
generators . MongoDocumentCursor '> >>> list ( instances ) [ 0 ] { u ' cpu_ghz ' : None , u ' model ' : u ' G5 ' , u ' _id ' : ObjectId ( '4b9244989d40b334b4000000 ' ) , u ' purchase_date ' : datetime .
datetime ( 2010 , 3 , 6 , 12 , 3 , 8 , 281000 ) , u ' make ' : u ' Apple ' } >>> instances = collection .
Computer . find ( ) . count () 1 >>> collection .
Computer . one ( ) == list ( collection .
Computer . find ( ) ) [
0 ]
True
The query methods one ( ) and find ( ) can take search parameters which limits what you get back .
These are quite similar to how Django 's default Manager has a method called objects.get ( ) and objects .
filter ( ) which should make you feel familiar .
So , what would it take to be able to do this MongoKit business in a running Django so that you can write Django views and templates that interface with your Mongo " documents " .
Answer : use django - mongokit .
django - mongokit is a thin wrapper around MongoKit that makes it just slightly more convenient to use MongoKit in a Django environment .
The primary tasks django - mongokit takes care of are : ( 1 ) the connection and ( 2 ) giving your classes a _meta class attribute .
Especially important regarding the connection is that django - mongokit takes care of setting up and destroying a test database for you for running your tests .
And since it's all in one place you do n't have to worry about creating various connections to MongoKit in your views or management commands .
Let 's first define the database in your settings .py file :
DATABASES = { ' default ' : { ' ENGINE ' : ' sqlite3 ' , ' NAME ' : ' example-sqlite3.db ' , } , ' mongodb ' : { ' ENGINE ' : ' django_mongokit.mongodb ' , ' NAME ' : ' mydb ' , } , }
Then , with that in place all you need to get a connection are these lines :
>>> from django_mongokit import get_database >>> database = get_database ()
The reason it 's a function an not an instance is because the database is going to be different based on if you 're running tests or running in production / development mode .
Had we imported a database instance instead of a function to get a database instance , the code would need to know what database you want when the python files are imported which is something that happens before we even know what you 're doing with the imported code .
django - mongokit also gives you the connection instances which you 'll need to register your own models :
>>> from django_mongokit import connection >>> connection .
register ([ Computer ])
But I recommend that a best practice is to always register your models right after you have defined them .
This brings us to the DjangoDocument class so let 's get straight into it this time in your models .
py file inside a Django app you 've just created :
import datetime from django_mongokit import connection from django_mongokit. document import DjangoDocument class Computer ( DjangoDocument ) : # notice difference from above class Meta : verbose_name_plural = " Computerz " structure = { ' make ' : unicode , ' model ' : unicode , ' purchase_date ' : datetime .
datetime , ' cpu_ghz ' : float , } validators = { ' cpu_ghz ' : lambda x : x > 0 , ' make ' : lambda x : x . strip ( ) , } default_values = { ' purchase_date ' : datetime .
datetime .
utcnow , } use_dot_notation =
True indexes = [ { ' fields ' : [ ' make ' ]} , ] connection .
register ([ Computer ])
That 's now all you need to get on with your code .
The DjangoDocument class offers a few more gems that makes your life easier such as handling signals and registering itself in a global variable ( import django_mongokit.document.model_names and inspect ) .
See the django - mongokit README file for more information .
So , what 's so great about this setup ?
It 's by personal taste but for me it 's simplicity and purity .
I like the thin layer MongoKit adds on top of pure pymongo that becomes oh so practical such as helping you make sure you only store what you said you would and it's easier to work with class instances you can see the definition of than it is to work with dictionaries and lists .
And here 's one of MongoKit 's best selling points for me : the few times you need speed , speed and more speed it 's possible to go straight to the source without doing any wrapping .
This is equivalent of how you sometimes in Django run raw SQL queries which , let 's be honest , does happen quite frequently when the project becomes non-trivial .
Django's ORM has the ability to turn the output of the raw SQL output into objects and with MongoKit when you go straight into MongoDB you get pure Python dictionaries which you can use to create instances with .
Here 's an example where you can't query what you 're looking for but you might be trolling through thousands of documents :
>>> from some .
thridparty import my_kind_of_cpu >>> computers = [ ] >>> for item in collection .
find ( ) : ... # ca n't use dot notation when it's not a document ... cpu = item [ ' cpu_ghz ' ] ... if my_kind_of_cpu ( cpu ) : ... computers .
append ( collection .
Computer ( item ) ) ...
A use case for this is when you want to store different types of documents in the same collection and by a value extracted from a raw query you only turn selected few results into mapped instances .
More about that in a later post maybe .
Related posts
This site is kept and maintained by Ryan Sawyer
Email him with pithy comments at Babyanimalz.com
The above pictures have been gathered from various sources around the internet .
Many of which were submitted by their original photographers ;
If any of the aforementioned photographs are copyrighted and you are the owner of these pictures , do not hesitate to contact me !
They will be swiftly removed if you so desire .
All images are hosted server - side by babyanimalz.com .
People walk past High Tech Computer Corp. ( HTC ) logos in Hsintien , Taipei , on March 2010 .
The US International Trade Commission said Friday that it will investigate a patent infringement complaint by Taiwan - based mobile phone maker HTC Corp. against Apple .
The US International Trade Commission said Friday that it will investigate a patent infringement complaint by Taiwan - based mobile phone maker HTC Corp. against Apple .
HTC , the target of a patent suit by Apple in March alleging infringement of iPhone patents , filed a complaint with the Washington - based ITC last month seeking a ban on imports of Asian - manufactured iPhones , iPods and iPads into the United States .
HTC alleged that Apple products infringed five HTC patents and seeks to have them barred from being imported into the United States from their manufacturing facilities in Asia .
The ITC , an independent US agency which has the power to ban imports , said in a statement that it had agreed to open an investigation " of certain portable electronic devices and related software " based on the complaint filed by HTC .
HTC , which stands for High Tech Computer Corp. , is Taiwan 's leading smartphone maker .
The company makes handsets for a number of leading US companies and is the manufacturer of the Nexus One , unveiled by Apple rival Google in January .
Apple in March accused HTC of infringing on 20 Apple patents related to the " user interface , underlying architecture and hardware " of the iPhone .
Apple , which is based in Cupertino , California , filed the lawsuit in a US District Court in the state of Delaware and with the ITC .
In the suit , Apple , which has sold more than 50 million iPhones worldwide , asked for unspecified damages and an injunction to prevent HTC from making or selling products using the patents in dispute .
Patent lawsuits are a regular occurrence among technology giants and Apple is currently being sued by Nokia for patent infringement .
Apple has fired back a countersuit against the Finnish mobile phone giant .
Canada 's Research in Motion , maker of the Blackberry , and US mobile phone maker Motorola announced a settlement on Friday of their long - running patent disputes .
Explore further Google backs HTC in Apple patent suit
( c ) 2010 AFP
Now this is not publically confirmed yet but worth keeping tabs on ... Author of THE HIDDEN RECORDS , Wayne Herschel , has an astrophysicst friend called JUDY FALTSKOG who ( alledgedly I must add ) works for an osbervatory that reports back to NASA .
On his Facebook page today he has started relaying bits of insider info she is passing on to him .
Her FB page does not have anything on it but she seems the private type as does not have lots of followers so I would n't expect her to say much on there as she 'd just be deluged then which is something she probably wants to avoid .
Anyway , this is something to follow in case it does turn into something .
Apparantly various countries are now on to it and it's creating quite a buzz in the scientific community around the world .
I am just posting the link to his page and selected comments , I doubt there is much else out there on it at the moment as it's ( apparantly ) insider info and being kept quiet but she is keeping Wayne informed .
It 's possible this may all turn out to be a load of bunk but in case it is n't .... From Wayne Herschel 's Facebook Page ( all posts below are by Wayne on FB , not my own words )
__________________________________NASA
ASTRONOMER DECIPHERS 'INTELLIGENCE'
SIGNAL FROM NEARBY STARS ...
Radio telescopes all over the world are apparently all locking onto mysterious signals RIGHT NOW in an unusual part of the radio spectrum and have found a signal code !
The astrophysicist involved is a personal friend and I am standing by for more news ...____________________________________Aldeberan in Taurus is one ... Epsilon Eridany , Izar ( Epsilon Bootes ) , ... See MoreThuban ( Alpha Draconis ) , Proxima Centauriall sending signals that are similar and not natural !_____________________________________okay ... the cat is out the bag already and its on blog sites everywhere ... the NASA scientist is Judy Fältskog and the finding is not official yet ... its being analysed right now .
Judy Fältskog is on facebook and please dont bombard her with too much right now as she is very busy ... she has promised to inform me of more ... Judys last message was :... See MoreSeveral RAO´s ( Radio Observatories ) like Aricebo and others now in the US have gone online , England is online , South Africa is online , Australia has been online since last night !
Russia is going online now , Germany is still in a discussion to go online , China is online .
Holy s..t!
News travels fast .
Gonna unplug this freaken fone , I can not get any work done ... " ( posted about 6 pm UK time ) ________________________________________I asked if there is any chance it is a natural or normal signal ... she answered ...
" Heck this is as abnormal Naturally and Naturally Intelligent as it comes .
Better than the " Wow " signal and then to top it all in the deep Ultraviolet Frequency .
No wonder no one found anything before , they were looking in the wrong Frequency range .
We opened up a bag of Bees !
Let ´s try not to get stung ! " ..._________________________________________Judy from NASA just commented ... saying ... " the data is backing up as it goes along " . "
I was told that it has reached diplomatic levels .
Guess who is the main negotiator ?
Pretty soon we have to go on stealth mode as FB is infested by blokes with " Need - to - Know " and " X " security clearances .
That is if we want to get the Truth out to the Public , ... See Morewhich I feel is important .
Got a lot of confused people walking up and down the corridors here at the observatory .
Hope they keep politics out of Science ! " ( posted about 7 pm UK time ) ___________________________________________Update :
As of Tuesday gmt 00:50 no proof of her credentials have been found and many people are starting to feel the whole issue is a bit fishy ...
I 'm inclined to agree but I guess wait and seeCosmic [ edit on 3/5/10 by cosmicpixie ]
Amusement parks walk the fine line between fun-ish and semi-creepy .
Maybe it ’s the combination of sketchy rides , circus folk , questionable attractions , and way too many screaming kids , but there ’s something a little unsettling about them .
Add an ill - advised theme into the mix , and you ’ve got a real summer - time winner .
Although for most of the 20th century amusement parks were a staple of American culture , the shine is definitely off the bumper car .
Tons of new parks litter the country , but many of the old classics , unable to compete with the snazzy new parks , have been shut down .
Most have been destroyed to make way for housing developments and malls , but a few still remain .
Mostly forgotten and in total disrepair , these abandoned amusement parks are sometimes more interesting in their decay then they were while in operation .
But be warned urban explorer !
Most of these parks are privately owned and do not appreciate people traipsing through their property , taking ridiculously cool pictures .
If you get stopped by some authorities … just do n’t tell them Trippy sent you !
The Prehistoric Forest , Irish Hills , Michigan
Imagine Jurassic Park , but instead of real , blood - thirsty - Jeep - munching dinos you get dilapidated , stationary dinosaur statues situated around a mediocre community pool .
It ’s a wonder this park did n’t appeal to 21st century kiddies … .
Opened in 1963 , the park had a smoking volcano , waterfall , water slide , and 100 fiber glass dinosaurs sprinkled across the eight acre property .
Since closing in 1999 , the property has been on and off the market , all the while in complete disuse .
As the years have gone by , the park continues to revert back to forest , and the dinosaur dioramas have begun to blend into the natural world .
If you should feel so inclined , The Prehistoric Forest is currently for sale for a cool $ 548,000 and , according to its real estate listing , the property has an arcade , gift shop , a 1200sq ft community shower building and could be used as a campground or day care … EEEEEEKK !
Now that ’s frightening .
Better start exploring soon before this gem gets snatched off the market !
Dinosaur Images : RoadsideArchitecture via Debra Jane Seltzer
Six Flags , New Orleans
“ Jazzland ” , a New Orleans - themed park , was built on acres of swamp - land outside of the city in 2000 , was purchased by Six Flags and changed names in 2002 .
During Hurricane Katrina , Six Flags was completely flooded and an estimated 70 - 80 % of the park was destroyed , leaving it much too expensive to fix .
The park has been slowly rotting , decaying , and sinking into the swamp for the past five years since disaster struck .
What ’s extra eerie is the park features many miniatures of New Orleans itself , including a “ Main Street ” designed after the French Quarter and restaurants that are modeled after some of the city ’s historic eateries .
Like many of the buildings they are modeled after , many of the park ’s structures were submerged in 7 feet of water for over a month , and now clearly display the ravages of the flood .
Although this painful reminder of Katrina ’s devastation is sitting in total disrepair , it seems like it might be that way for a while longer .
Six Flags and the City of New Orleans are in a entangled legal battle over the land .
If you want to visit , be careful – many urban explorers have been able to enter with no problems at all , while others have been handcuffed , driven off the premises , and had their camera film destroyed .
The Rocky Point Amusement Park , Warwick , Rhode Island
When it was built in 1847 , Rocky Point was pretty much the neatest thing in all of Rhode Island .
It had everything an East Coast Victorian family could want : a Ferris - wheel , picturesque water - front views , a classy dining hall , and a long pier perfect for strolling …ahh .
And as far as amusement parks , Rocky Point lasted a pretty long time .
It enjoyed continued popularity and was able to evolved with the times , that is until the early 1990s took their toll .
Images : AllPoster / Hugh Manatee / Wikipedia Commons
After some horrid ( and possibly shady ) investments that the park held went bankrupt , it could no longer continue operating under its investors ’ heavy debts .
The iconic “ Rocky Point ” gate closed for the last time in 1996 .
Since then , most of the rides have been removed and sold to other parks .
The rest of the property has been left to disrepair , and has suffered two possible arson attacks .
Although everything of “ value ” has been dispersed to needy amusement parks around the country , remnants of Rocky Point can still be seen .
Lincoln Park , Dartmouth , Massachusetts
This park was originally opened by the Union Street Railway Company to increase tourism on their rail line in 1894 .
The park expanded over time , but its most popular attraction from 1946 on was “ The Comet ” , a wooden roller coaster .
When it was built in the 40s , the coaster was the absolute bees knees .
Passengers were even willing to carry sandbags to help the cars move along the track since the ride was n’t “ loose ” enough to let gravity do the work .
Although the coaster was the ultimate in cool , it also turned out to be deadly as well .
Image : artinruins
In the mid 60s , a man stood up in a car and was killed going down a lift .
Then in 1968 the last car detached from the rest of the coaster and rolled backwards until it derailed , tossing its passengers out , injuring them .
Then again , in 1986 , another man was killed trying to climb from one car to another while the coaster was moving .
No surprise , these “ incidents ” were hard hard for many people to forget ( even though the two deaths are clearly caused by “ user error ” ) , and the decline of Lincoln Park began .
Hoping more money would fix the problem , Lincoln Park ’s owners invested $ 75,000 in the park , but just as construction completed , the Comet ’s brake ’s failed , the coaster ’s cars jackknifed and the last car detached , finally screeching to a halt hanging precariously off the tracks .
Not shockingly , that was The Comet ’s final ride .
Facing mounting debts and an accident - prone amusement park , Lincoln Park was shut down for good .
Image : artinruins
Although most of the rides were sold off , the Comet still remains .
A morbid reminder of the park ’s previous glory which can be explored off rout 6 in North Dartmouth .
Lake Dolores , Newberry Springs , CA
From 1962 to the late 80s Lake Dolores contained the trifecta of summer fun : it was combination water park , amusement park , and campground but in an unexpected locale .
Situated on the eastern edge of the Mojave Desert between Los Angeles and Las Vegas , the park was supplied with water by underground desert springs that fed the area .
After multiple owners and unsuccessful new concepts ( changing its name to Rock - a - Hoola being one of them ) the park fell out of style , and most of the rides were sold off .
Image : Clay Larsen / Flickr
Image : TravelingMango / Flickr
All that remained were the old water slides , which must have seemed pretty bizarre hanging out on an abandoned stretch of highway in the middle of the desert – that is , until Lake Dolores was happened upon by the reality TV show Rob and Big ( focusing on the life of Rob , a professional skateboarders and his friends ) .
While filming a drive from LA to Vegas , the reality show crew stopped at Lake Dolores to attempt skateboarding on the abandoned slides .
EEEK !!
Although no one got hurt , leaving the slides intact became and huge liability for the owners of Lake Dolores .
Soon after the episode aired , most of the water slides were taking out of the park .
Glen Echo Amusement Park , Glen Echo , Maryland
Glen Echo was created in 1891 as a Chautauqua site ( a government funded adult arts center ) and slowly morphed into an amusement park in the beginning of the 20th century .
The park ’s gorgeous art - deco buildings and craftsman carousel drew crowds from D.C. , but slowly old - fashioned Glen Echo lost popularity , and it closed its doors in 1968 .
Image : katmere / Flickr
Image : katmere / Flickr
Images : katmere / IntangibleArts / Flickr
Glen Echo was then turned over the the National Parks Service , who has donated the park to different arts organizations over the years .
Although many other of the original buildings and rides and fallen into disuse , the Spanish Ballroom and Bumper - Car Pavilion host dances on Friday and Sunday Nights and art classes are held in the former Arcade building .
In addition , the classic carousel ( which has 2 chariots , 4 rabbits , 4 ostriches , 38 horses , a lion , tiger , giraffe , and a fancy prancing deer ) went through an almost 20 - year renovation , and is now open to the public for rides .
Image : chrisbb@prodigy.net / Flickr
If breaking and entering is n’t your thing , Glen Echo is the perfect out - of - use amusement park to check out since it ’s legally open to the public !
BONUS Chippewa Lake Park , Medina County , Ohio
Disclaimer : Chippewa
Lake was torn down in 2009 , so you can no longer visit it , but it ’s still worth reading about .
Built in 1875 by Edward Andrews , Chippewa Lake Park was originally named “ Andrew ’s Pleasure Ground ” .
Luckily , that innuendo - inducing name was changed in 1898 when the park switched owners and even more rides were installed .
Chippewa Lake Park was super popular in the 20s and then slowly declined until it was closed in 1978 .
After being abandoned , it was left pretty much alone for the next 30 + years .
All of the wooden rides remained and as the forest took back the land that was cleared for the park , the rides became part of the environment .
Image : Mike Adams Photos / Flickr
Since the park lay abandoned for so many years , it became almost as beloved in “ death ” as it had been in “ life ” .
There were even group tours offered on the grounds of the park in the months before its final demise .
Image : Mike Adams Photos / Flickr
Since these pictures were taken , all the buildings and rides of Lake Chippewa have been destroyed to make way for a spa and hotel , which has yet to be built .
Came across any sweet abandoned amusement parks we left off the list ?
Article by Rachel Greenberg , originally written for NileGuide
By LeVar Battle
Blogger of StraightenMyTie
It ’s bullshit .
I studied English and Literature in college and thought the same thing then ; however , I mu st admit , as of late , I ’ve started to sing another tune .
There was a boy .
He moved on for greener pastures .
Now I ’m left holding the bag to sow my own .
The thing is , I ‘m still caught up on him .
He does n’t just cross my mind .
He gets up in there , takes a seat , gives me the tisk - tisk and head shake then decides to cook breakfast for himself before leaving me in a state of “ what happened to us ? ”
And even though , this situation is stuck on replay in my head every day , I ca n’t bring myself to tell him — I Love You !
You see before setting off on his endeavor we were just dating .
No big commitment .
Only dating .
And I fell hard .
But now that he ’s gone what do I do ?
He ’s in another state .
I ’m here .
This has consumed my mind all night and today so far .
So I turned to the TTTM followers on Twitter and Facebook to see if others shared in my experience and what they thought of the notion of unrequited love .
The conversation was interesting on TTTM Twitter .
We asked , “ Are we too old for unrequited love ?
When does it seem immature to love someone from afar instead of laying it all on the line ? ”
One of the responses we received was , “ Unrequited love is never immature , only the way we sometimes choose to handle it . ”
To that I ask , “ How can you measure maturity when dealing with such a concept as unrequited love ? ”
Let ’s face it .
Love in general tends to make us act out of character , so to speak .
What are your thoughts on how I should handle my unrequited love ?
Author Sean Cunningham takes us through the election of LBJ in 1964 and LBJ ’s overwhelming victory in Texas over Arizona Senator Barry Goldwater .
The journey continues through the narrow victory of Richard Nixon in 1968 , Nixon ’s landslide victory in 1972 , and the presidential primary fight in 1976 between Gerald Ford and Ronald Reagan .
While Gerald Ford won the Republican nomination in 1976 , Ronald Reagan not only won the Texas Republican primary , but also set the stage for Reagan ’s resounding victory in 1980 and the rise of modern conservatism .
Many political junkies know the facts from the period between 1963 and 1980 , but Sean Cunningham puts it all together in an easy - to - read and easy - to - follow format .
This is a must - read for all conservatives to learn how modern conservatism rose in the United States political scene , but it also a must - read for liberals who are interested in history .
The book is written from the perspective of the state of Texas .
It draws a vivid picture of how Texas went from a strongly Democratic state prior to 1963 to what it is today : a strongly conservative Republican state .
The events leading to the assassination of President John F. Kennedy are fascinating because of the purpose of the trip .
Kennedy went to Texas to settle a political dispute between Senator Ralph Yarborough and Governor John Connally , both Democrats and powerful ones during that time .
Yarborough was a progressive Democrat who supported Civil Rights legislation dating back to the 1950s .
Yarborough also supported and authored much of LBJ ’s Great Society legislation , including Medicare , Medicaid , and fighting the " War on Poverty . "
It was Yarborough who used the slogan in his political campaigns , " Let ’s put the jam on the lower shelf so the little people can reach it . "
John Connally was a conservative Democrat and later switched political parties .
Connally also served in the Nixon administration and was seriously considered for the vice presidency by Nixon .
The dispute between Yarborough and Connally was political in nature , but much of it was personal .
It was the reason that Yarborough and Connally rode in separate vehicles at the time that the shots were fired at President Kennedy .
Connolly was in the presidential limousine and was wounded during the attack .
Yarborough rode behind the presidential limousine with the vice president .
The narrative of the book is gripping and compelling as Cunningham takes us through the race in 1964 between LBJ and Goldwater .
He discusses the perspective of many Texans : that they were sympathetic to Goldwater ’s views , but they harbored a feeling of loyalty toward LBJ because he was a Texan .
As well , LBJ successfully painted Goldwater as an extremist , using scare tactics to turn people against his competitor .
It worked .
We are also introduced to other important Texans in the conservative movement , such as Congressman Bruce Alger , who once lost a vote in the House of Representatives by 378–1 on legislation that would have provided free milk to elementary school children .
Alger , Cunningham argues , never introduced or passed a single piece of important legislation , but was a key figure in the rise of modern conservatism .
Although Alger lost his reelection bid in 1964 to former Dallas mayor Earle Cabell , Alger remained an influence in Texas politics for many years .
Cunningham discusses many of these types of figures , including Texas Senator John Tower , an early player in the modern conservative movement .
Cunningham also covers the election losses in Texas by two future presidents : President George H. W. Bush and President George W. Bush .
Both Bushes lost elections in Texas for various reasons .
Even after Reagan ’s defeat in the 1976 presidential primary , Reagan continued to campaign for the presidency until he was nominated in 1980 .
Reagan ’s victory in Texas gave him much encouragement regarding his own political strength .
Reagan would often visit Texas and gave his anti-Democratic , anti-Jimmy Carter stump speech to the effect of , " I ’m not going to present you with a long list of what is wrong with the current administration or the Democratically - controlled Congress .
I ’d be here all night . "
Reagan , in contrast with Goldwater some years earlier , struck just the right tone in winning over conservatives and helping modern conservatism rise .
Barry Goldwater scared people .
Ronald Reagan did not .
The book ends with the election of Reagan in 1980 and how that changed the political direction of the nation , which had its seeds planted in the state of Texas .
The historical richness of Cowboy Conservative makes it a worthwhile read .
Nowhere in this book does author Sean Cunningham give away his political ideology .
Is Cunningham a conservative ?
Is Cunningham a liberal ?
Do n’t know .
The answer does n’t get in the way of enjoying this book .
It is a non-partisan , level evaluation and study about the rise of modern conservatism in the United States .
It does what books on history should do .
Tell a story .
Chicago City Hall Examiner and The Chicago Grassroots Political Examiner .
John is the author of a book published by The Elevator Group Mr. and Mrs. Grassroots : How Barack Obama , two Bookstore Owners , and 300 Volunteers did it .
Also available an eBook on Amazon .
BLOG@CACM Are You Invisible ?
CACM Senior Editor Jack Rosenberger
Early in her career as a manager at Hewlett - Packard ( HP ) , Patty Azzarello was put in charge of a software development team whose product lifecycle took two years .
It was “ a ridiculously long period of time ” to develop software , Azzarello says , and the length of the development cycle left both HP ’s sales team and its customers unhappy and frustrated .
Azzarello revamped the team , re-invented its operating mode , and reduced the software cycle to nine months .
The successful delivery of the new software lifecycle ’s first product coincided with Azzarello ’s annual performance review , and she expected to receive a healthy raise as the economy was strong , HP was performing well , and Azzarello herself was awarding significant raises to her top employees .
Azzarello ’s own raise , however , was zero .
When Azzarello asked her boss why she was n’t receiving a raise , he replied , “ Because nobody knows you . ”
Azzarello told this anecdote during her keynote speech at a DAC 2010 career workshop titled “ More Than Core Competence ...
What it Takes for Your Career to Survive , and Thrive ! ”
She learned from the experience , and proceeded to flourish at HP , becoming the youngest HP general manager at the age of 33 , running a $ 1 billion software business at 35 , and becoming a CEO at 39 , she says .
Today , Azzarello runs her own business management company , Azzarello Group , and gives career advice , which brought her to DAC .
Like Azzarello early on in her career at HP , many employees believe that if they do their job and work hard , they will be recognized and justly rewarded .
Not so , says Azzarello .
Azzarello ’s career advice for employees is to make sure the work that you do is aligned with the company ’s goals , bring your accomplishments to the attention of your superiors , and create a network of mentors who will guide you and ensure that you win a spot on the company ’s list of employees who are the leaders of tomorrow .
Her advice is tersely described as : Do better , look better , and connect better .
Do Better
“ The most reliable way to advance your career is to add more value to your business , ” says Azzarello .
You need to understand what is most important to your company in terms of your job — whether it ’s cutting costs , increasing Web traffic , or improving the delivery of software products -- and focus on that .
Everything else is less important .
However , too many employees , like the younger Azzarello , fall into the trap of being “ work horses . ”
They do everything they ’re asked to do , and often more , but the end result is “ you ’re being valued as a work horse , not as a leader , ” Azzarello says .
To get ahead in the workplace , Azzarello says it ’s important to figure out how to deliver your work but also how to create free time at work during which you can manage and advance your career .
After all , if you spend all of your time working , you wo n’t have the time or energy to understand the company and its goals ( which can change ) , promote yourself and your accomplishments , and build relationships with mentors and fellow employees .
The most successful employees learn how to be the master of their work and not let it control them .
They understand which aspects of their job are most important to their company , and focus on them .
“ It ’s essential to be ruthless with your priorities , ” Azzarello says .
“ Refuse to let your time get burned up with things that are less important . ”
A critical lesson Azzarello learned in her career at HP is that the “ most successful executives do n’t do everything .
They do a few things right and hit them out of the park . ”
Look Better
The second step of Azzarello ’s career plan involves making your work and accomplishments known to your immediate bosses .
After all , if you deliver excellent results , but no one above you in the company is aware of them or does n’t connect the results with your job performance , it ’ll be difficult for you to advance in your company .
Azzarello recommends creating an audience list of the people in your company who should know about your achievements at work and a communication plan for how to inform these key players about your work and what you ’ve accomplished .
The audience list should include the influencers who have a say in your career - - your bosses and your bosses ’ bosses -- and any stakeholders who are dependent on your work .
And your communication plan should describe how you will inform these influencers -- usually via conversations , reports , and email -- about your job and what you ’ve accomplished .
For your achievements to be appreciated , Azzarello says it ’s vital that they are relevant to your company ’s goals .
“ Your priorities must be relevant to their priorities , ” says Azzerello .
“ Your work must be recognized as matching the business ’s goals . ”
Connect Better
The third step of Azzarello ’s career plan involves connecting with key players at your company , which involves building relationships with mentors and creating a broad network of support .
“ Successful people get a lot of help from others , ” Azzarello says .
“ You ca n’t be successful alone . ”
Azzarello stresses the importance of mentors ( note the plural ) at your company and outside of it , and says employees “ should n’t attempt career advancement without mentors . ”
Not only can mentors help you understand a company ’s culture and goals , but they , and other key players , can help you get a spot on the company ’s list of employees who are viewed as up and coming .
All of this is about visibility .
The company president or other top executives must know or know about you , or you must have a relationship with mentors or others who are connected to the company president and key executives .
This step involves networking , and many people ( and Azzarello admits she ’s one of these people - ) are uncomfortable with meeting new people for the purpose of networking .
If you ’re one of these people , Azzarello ’s advice is to network with the people you already know .
If Azzarello ’s career advice sounds like a lot of work , you ’re right -- it is .
Which is why she urges employees to create a yearlong plan for implementing these three stages .
For many employees , Azzarello ’s advice is a real challenge .
The alternative , however , is rather unsatisfying .
After all , who wants a zero raise ?
Jack Rosenberger is senior editor , news , of Communications of the ACM .
Comments
Stephen Moffatt
This is a very difficult article to digest .
It reminds me of the Jodie Foster movie Contact .
Where her genius and hard work was stolen by the sharp talking , influential science director .
I agree , nobody wants to get a zero raise , but I contrast the relationship with her team to that of her bosses team .
If he was in tune with her work , he would have known of her accomplishment .
Surely he knew what she was doing , after all he was paying her a salary .
I see job request for project managers on the internet all the time and I ask myself , are there really that many projects and so few project managers ?
I do n't know , but I think that the results of a project and not the relationships should move you up in the company .
I guess this is the way things are now .
I come from a military establishment , so I know the people who got shot and those who did not by the metals they have received .
In my world , when it counts you want the people who were in a gun fight and not those who say they have been in one .
For the managers , I say to know the people who work for you .
Thank you .
Juan Trejo Sanchez
In reply to Stephen Moffatt , I think it is important not to mistake being visible , aligned to the company 's goals and relate to relevant people with building a career based on talking and nepotism .
People building their careers based on the latter will sooner or later hit a dead - end ; disappointment is the greatest career killer .
In any case job well - done is what will keep you in the position you have earned at a company , and will keep you advancing ; it is the cornerstone and foundation sustaining your career .
I think what Patty Azzarello points out here is that it takes more than just hard work and technical skills to advance in a profession .
We are at the same time the product and our own salesperson !
No matter how good and revolutionary a product is , without the proper marketing and branding it will get nowhere far ; if no one knows about it , no one will buy it , nor will talk about how great it is and spread the word to create demand .
So Patty 's advice is very important here ; we have to get out there , make ourselves visible and create our own reputation .
Our good work will precede it then .
Rafaela Novais
This was great advice from Patty .
I attended her speech at DAC and was very pleased with what she had to say - which is described in the article here .
It was real , inspiring and , in some ways , a wake - up call .
As someone in technology for over 12 years , it often takes more than good work to advance in one 's career and you can't only depend on your boss ' good will : you 've got to have broader vision and great support from the people that can make a difference .
haa thi
Looks like there are two themes :
a. Being Visible
b. Aligning with company 's objective
I agree that to gain visibility it requires the " workhorses " to take time off for network ..
But I do not understand how aligning with company 's objective and being workhorses are connected .. to achieve company 's objective , it is not enough to have leaders , it also requires sincere and effective workhorses ..
I sincerely hope that senior managers do recognize the value of silent workhorses ..
If all workhorses spend time in making noise , there will be only noise and no work ..
Patty Azzarello
Thanks for a great write up , Jack !
I know this can be a hard message to take ... that good work does n't stand on it's own .
I am not trying to talk anybody out of believing that the world * should n't * work that way , I 'm just trying to help people realize that it * does * .
It would be great if your hard work was always recognized , appreciated , and rewarded .
Sadly , it seldom happens that way .
Yes , you must work hard .
Yes , you must deliver great results .
You get nowhere without that .
I * never * advocate visibility absent of results .
But if you want to get more of what you want and deserve in return for your hard work , you need to make it visible and valuable by connecting with the business .
Good luck everyone .
thanks for the comments .
Patty
Calum Benson
Alternatively , stop worrying about having a ' career ' , and focus more on enjoying your ' job ' .
I 've been working for nearly 20 years and have n't moved an inch up the career ladder in all that time , but it 's still a pleasure to go to work every morning .
Displaying all 6 comments
I blogged earlier about how chronic , even low - level noise boosts levels , which in turn trigger health problems such as hypertension .
My awareness of this in my own life caused me recently to embark on a year - long search for silence , both as an antidote to noise and stress , and as a way to change my life generally .
Silence , of course , is the utter absence of input to the hearing system .
Thinking about auditory silence got me reflecting on other inputs , and how important it might be to achieve respite from the constant bombardment of information from every quarter : billboards , video , road rage , Jerry Springer , Gap ads .
Facebook updates , cellphone calls .
Spam , Tweets , Digg ; alarms and interruptions of all stripes .
In my search for auditory silence I looked everywhere I could think of .
I went 1.6 miles underground to the lowest levels of a nickel mine in northern Ontario .
I visited a Trappist monastery in Burgundy .
I spent time in complete darkness inside the most perfectly soundproof chamber in the world , in Minneapolis .
One of the greatest silences I ever experienced was in the mountains of the southern Sahara , near the border between Algeria and Niger .
I wo n't tell you if I found perfect silence : you 'll have to read the book to find out .
But I learned something crucial in the process of looking : that the absence of noise correlated to the absence of other types of unwanted input .
Put simply , places that were quiet in terms of auditory noise were low in other kinds of noise as well .
You do n't get Tweeted in the southern Sahara , there are no billboards in the depths of a nickel mine , Trappist cloisters have no TV , you see and feel nothing in a darkened soundproof chamber .
On Cape Cod , where I used to live , you see landscape and feel beachgrass when it is quiet , but pinewoods and spartina are gentle ; they do not attack you , they are low level actors .
The link between low sound and low levels of other kinds of input is to some extent a function of how noise , in Western society , is considered a symptom of healthy economic activity .
We want noise , loud and constant , because it tells us our machines are running , our cash registers are in use , our video feeds are hot , our colleagues surround us .
We tolerate it , even when it drives us mad , because we think we need such activity to survive .
Silence , in that worldview , is bad .
It 's a metaphor of malfunction , as Scollon says .
But here we make a serious mistake .
The opposite is the case .
Noise kills , excessive input does real damage .
Information overload clogs our ability to function effectively .
Remember the incident in October , 2009 , when a Northwest Airtlines jet overshot Minneapolis and kept flying for an hour while the pilots interacted with a computer program ?
This is what happens when we do not have the time , or the power , to cut off input , to achieve peace - aural , visual , tactile - for a given period of time .
Often we are so wrapped up in our culture of all - spectrum noise that we lack even the will to escape it .
The website Interruptions . net lists over 800 independent studies demonstrating how information overload , usually inflicted by computers , slashes , efficiency , and safety in environments as diverse as a call center office , a hospital emergency room .
And David Shenk , the journalist who coined the term " data smog , " cites studies correlating information overload to the same kinds of stress and cardiac problems caused by auditory noise only .
People can retain roughly 7 chunks of information in .
Posit a person working on a complicated computer file , fielding two emails from different people on different subjects , staying aware of colleagues , listening to music , thinking of dinner , and you 've already got double or triple the number of chunks he or she can successfully retain and process .
Driving with my kids through Harvard Square - watching out for six Massachusetts drivers , three pedestrians , two potholes , traffic lights , what my daughter 's talking about , what NPR is reporting - my thinking abilities , already far from stellar , are dangerously gummed up by input .
And that makes me tense , even angry .
I honk back , I curse , and gun the engine to make the light .
But I do n't want , I can feel how much stress this kind of life causes .
Release is what I 'm truly craving here , and release comes from emptiness .
The emptiness of silence , of landscapes , of closed eyes , of down in a dark , quiet room .
The drop in tension that happens when we take a vacation somewhere calm , the instant of zero gravity during , the psychic leap of a good joke when it flips the world on its head for a splinter of a second .
Such void cuts off the fascist flow of constant information , and allows us to recalibrate .
To think better .
To question , for a second , our baseline .
It is really , really important to do that .
Human rests on a three - part process : ( 1 ) off previous assumptions , ( 2 ) coming up with an idea , ( 3 ) testing if the idea works .
The first part of the process means being able to cut off all input , especially input we do n't want .
But how can you do that in a society that relies on transmitting , 24/7 , at maximum volume into your eyes , ears , tastebuds and touch , a constant and vicious overdose of mostly useless data ?
( In the next post : Building silence into our lives : A how - to guide )
Every car has a price , but the owners “ value ” is often far different than the price that reality says it ’s worth , especially with car enthusiasts .
Maybe we ’re crazy , and yes , we are dreamers , but how do you put a price tag on something that you have thousands of hours of work into ?
Just the thought of selling my cars makes me want to sob hysterically .
Well , today ’s the day in the wonderful world of imagination .
A nice young fellow walks up to you with a blank check , and says “ I want to buy your car , and it will go to a good home .
How much do you need to get for it ? ”
How do you respond ?
Me ?
I know my 1964 Chevy Impala is probably only worth a few grand in reality , but 2010 is our 13th anniversary together and I would really like to drive it one of these days .
Thus , the “ how much money would it take ” to pry it away from me , would likely be in the $ 15,000 range .
I have a solid $ 10,000 in sentimental value whether you understand it or not . 🙂
So How Much Money Would it Take To Get Your Car ?
Analog Games
I ’ve designed a number of card and board games , which I ’ve begun to contract with established publishers and distribute myself under my company , Desultory LLC .
I successfully funded The Deck of Many Games , a game design prototyping tool on Kickstarter in 2018 .
I have two analog games currently under contract , which I will share more details about when I am able to .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Barcelona midfielder Jonathan dos Santos has been left out of Mexico's 23 - man final squad for this summer 's World Cup in South Africa .
The 20 - year - old made his Barcelona debut this season , as the club secured a second successive La Liga title .
Dos Santos ' older brother Giovani , currently on loan at Galatasaray from Tottenham , is selected in the squad .
Strikers Carlos Vela of Arsenal and Guillermo Franco , who was recently released by West Ham , are included .
Javier Hernandez , who is set to join Manchester United this summer , provides coach Javier Aguirre with yet further attacking options .
WORLD CUP PHOTO ALBUM
Do you have a photo with yourself and a star from Mexico ?
Send us your photos to be in our World Cup Photo Album !
But he will have to do without Morelia striker Miguel Sabah , who did not make the initial 26 - man provisional squad as he struggles to recover from a tendon injury in his leg .
Dos Santos ' exclusion means Aguirre 's squad contains only five recognised midfielders .
However , defender Rafael Marquez , a team - mate of Dos Santos ' at the Nou Camp can play in midfield if required .
Mexico , who are preparing for the World Cup in Germany , are in Group A with hosts South Africa , Uruguay and France .
Mexico squad :
Goalkeepers : Memo Ochoa ( America ) , Luis Ernesto Michel ( Chivas ) , Oscar Perez ( Chiapas )
Defenders : Rafael Marquez ( Barcelona ) , Ricardo Osorio ( Stuttgart ) , Hector Moreno ( AZ Alkmmar ) , Francisco Rodriguez ( PSV Eindhoven ) , Carlos Salcido ( PSV Eindhoven ) , Paul Aguilar ( Pachuca ) , Efrain Juarez ( Pumas UNAM )
Midfielders : Jonny Magallon ( Guadalajara ) , Jorge Torres Nilo ( Atlas ) , Gerardo Torrado ( Cruz Azul ) , Israel Castro ( Pumas UNAM ) , Andres Guardado ( Deportivo La Coruna )
Forwards : Pablo Barrera ( Pumas UNAM ) , Adolfo Bautista ( Guadalajara ) , Alberto Medina ( Guadalajara ) , Cuauhtemoc Blanco ( Veracruz ) , Javier Hernandez ( Guadalajara ) , Giovani dos Santos ( Galatasaray ) , Guillermo Franco ( West Ham ) , Carlos Vela ( Arsenal ) .
Donald Trump 's golf paradise is threatened by a right Scottish bastard .
Protesters opposed to Donald Trump 's planned $ 1.5 billion Scottish golf resort say they 've pulled a trick shot out of their bag .
At the center of the plan is local fisherman Michael Forbes , who has long been an irritant to Trump .
Forbes has refused the American tycoon 's offer of nearly $ 700,000 ( 488,000 pounds ) to buy his family 's 23 - acre run-down farm , which sits at the center of the planned resort .
But Forbes has sold an acre of his land near Aberdeen to protesters who also disagree with Trump 's plans – a sale which will force the property tycoon to face down more than 60 people .
The group , Tripping Up Trump , says it purchased the land and named it " The Bunker , " after the sand trap that many golfers end up in .
" We 've called this piece of the land the bunker because he will now find it impossible to force a sale as there will be so many names on it , " group spokesman Martin Glegg said Wednesday .
" This is the prime slot that Trump wants and there is no way he can get it now . "
Glegg said he hoped eventually to have hundreds of names on the deeds .
UPDATE : Pentagon source tells CNN that McChrystal is likely to resign on Wednesday
General Stanley McChrystal , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , has “ offered to resign ” according to Time magazine ’s Joe Klein , who spoke to CNN .
Klein cites an unnamed yet “ very reliable ” source .
The network was working to confirm the claim at time of this writing .
ADVERTISEMENT
An earlier version of this story cited Klein in reporting that McChrystal had already resigned .
Klein , via Twitter , later issued a “ clarification . ”
General McChrystal was summoned to Washington , D.C. on Tuesday morning after an unflattering profile by Rolling Stone magazine quoted him mocking Vice President Joe Biden , and his aides slamming Obama and other officials .
An earlier wire report follows …
In the feature , McChrystal jokes sarcastically about preparing to answer a question referring to Vice President Joe Biden , known as a skeptic of the commander ’s war strategy .
“ ‘ Are you asking about Vice President Biden ? ’
McChrystal says with a laugh .
‘ Who ’s that ? ' ” the article quotes him as saying .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ ‘ Biden ? ’ suggests a top adviser .
‘ Did you say : Bite Me ? ' ”
McChrystal tells the magazine that he felt “ betrayed ” by the US ambassador to Kabul , Karl Eikenberry , in a White House debate over war strategy last year .
Referring to a leaked internal memo from Eikenberry that questioned McChrystal ’s request for more troops , the commander suggested the ambassador had tried to protect himself for history ’s sake .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I like Karl , I ’ve known him for years , but they ’d never said anything like that to us before , ” McChrystal tells the magazine .
“ Here ’s one that covers his flank for the history books .
Now if we fail , they can say , ‘ I told you so . ' ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Eikenberry , himself a former commander in Afghanisan , had written to the White House saying Afghan President Hamid Karzai was an unreliable partner and that a surge of troops could draw the United States into a open - ended quagmire .
The article revisits the friction between the White House and the military last fall as Obama debated whether to grant McChrystal ’s request for tens of thousands of reinforcements .
Although Obama in the end granted most of what McChrystal asked for , the strategy review was a difficult time , the general tells the magazine .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I found that time painful , ” McChrystal says .
“ I was selling an unsellable position . ”
An unnamed adviser to McChrystal alleges the general came away unimpressed after a meeting with Obama in the Oval Office a year ago , just after the president named him to take over in Afghanistan .
“ It was a 10 - minute photo op , ” the general ’s adviser says .
“ Obama clearly did n’t know anything about him , who he was … he did n’t seem very engaged .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The boss was pretty disappointed , ” says the adviser .
With AFP .
WikiLeaks Preparing to Release Video of Alleged U.S. ' Massacre ' in Afghanistan Iceland votes for strong journalist and whistleblower protection laws .
June 18 , 2010  --
As the founder of the whistleblower website WikiLeaks remains underground in fear that the U.S. will detain him , the site is preparing to release a leaked video of a U.S. airstrike in Afghanistan that is said to be more shocking than the Iraqi video that sent its controversial leader into hiding .
Julian Assange , who has been garnering more attention since it was announced that Pentagon investigators are looking for him , told his supporters in an email this week that he has a classified video of a U.S. attack on Afghan civilians .
In an interview airing today on " Brian Ross Investigates , " a weekly investigative news magazine show airing on ABC News Now and Hulu.com , a member of the Icelandic Parliament who has worked closely with Assange said the Afghan video is expected to be released shortly .
Click here to WATCH the full epsiode of " Brian Ross Investigates " on HULU .
" Hopefully very soon , " Birgitta Jonsdottir told ABC News ' Chief Investigative Correspondent Brian Ross , " but for security reasons we choose not to give the exact timing of when we will actually publish it . "
Click here to follow Brian Ross on Twitter .
Reports of the incident surfaced in late May 2009 .
In an ABC News report , a short clip of the video was shown .
Centcom issued a report in June 2009 saying that at least 78 Taliban fighters were killed and approximately 26 civilians , although " no one will ever be able conclusively to determine the number of civilian casualties . "
Jonsdottir said she is in contact with Assange daily but would not disclose his location .
Click here to follow Megan Chuchmach on Twitter .
Assange was scheduled to speak on a panel about confidential sources at the Investigative Reporters and Editors conference in Las Vegas this past weekend but did not show .
He has been communicating through Twitter .
Click here to follow The Blotter on Twitter .
He went into hiding after posting a video titled " Collateral Murder " on the WikiLeaks site , which shows U.S. Army helicopter gunships firing on a group of Iraqis , who included children and two members of the Reuters news organization , in 2007 .
Icelandic Parliament Strengthened Free Speech Laws
Bradley Manning , a 22 - year - old Army intelligence specialist from Maryland , has been detained in Kuwait in the case for allegedly leaking the video .
Assange is part of a movement called the Iceland Modern Media Initiative that seeks to enact strong media laws to protect journalists and government whistleblowers .
This week , the Icelandic parliament unanimously passed legislation that will strengthen free speech laws and protect journalists from foreign libel judgments and protect government insiders who leak information .
Jonsdottir said the goal is " to create a safe haven for , in particular , investigative journalists in Iceland , but also for … strengthening source protection and whistleblower protection for other countries . "
Photo : Photo : Hannah Whitaker / New York Magazine
At its most elemental , the sandwich is an efficient delivery system for protein , carbs , and maybe a few vegetables , requiring just two pieces of bread and a pair of hands to consume .
But in modern New York , the sandwich has evolved into something else entirely .
It ’s not just sustenance — it ’s baguettes blobbed with sea-urchin roe and smeared with Korean - mustard - oil butter , milk - braised turkey leg on Pullman , oak - smoked salami squished into an onion roll .
Joining the city ’s classics — the hillock of carved pastrami piled onto twin slices of rye at Katz ’s , say , or El Sitio ’s venerable Cubano — they make for a particularly rich moment in the city for stuff between two slices of bread .
In the accompanying slideshow , we celebrate all that is great about the endlessly evolving New York sandwich including a drool - inducing paean to what happens when lunch becomes dessert .
The sandwich , of course , is nothing if not versatile .
Plan a month of lunches by viewing our slideshow , then enter a Grub Street Sandwich - inspired Sweepstakes for a chance to win fabulous , edible prizes .
Plus :
Top sandwiches for Los Angeles , San Francisco , Philadelphia , Boston , and Chicago .
Abby Sunderland Feared Lost at Sea Crew of Abby Sunderland , who was trying to circle globe , loses contact .
June 10 , 2010  -- Abby Sunderland , 16 , is feared lost at sea today in her attempt to become the youngest sailor ever to circumnavigate the globe .
A support crew lost contact with Abby , who was in heavy seas in the Southern Indian Ocean , early this morning .
Sunderland 's brother , Zac Sunderland , said his sister 's boat was clearly in trouble .
" The boat is most likely not completely submerged because there 's another alarm that sends off a signal if it goes 15 feet underwater , " Zac Sunderland said in an interview with Ron Kilgore of KNX radio in Los Angeles .
" So yeah , she 's pretty banged up out there right now , and [ we 're ] just trying to get the rescue teams out . "
Abby 's mother , MaryAnne Sunderland , told ABC News that Abby manually activated two emergency beacons sometime before 6 a.m. Pacific
Time today .
A plane from Qantas air , based in Australia , planned to fly over Sunderland 's location at first light Friday -- or late Thursday evening Eastern Time .
Watch the full story Friday on " 20/20 " at 10 p.m. ET
Abby was in 20 - 25 foot waves at the time of last contact , with 35 - knot winds , said MaryAnne Sunderland , who is due to give birth at the end of the month .
She was shaken but focused on trying to get a rescue effort together .
The closest land to Abby 's boat was Reunion Island , which is east of Madagascar .
The nearest ship was 400 miles away .
Rescuers were trying to contact the ship .
Zac Sunderland told KNX that the support crew was " still trying to figure out the rescue situation . "
" There 's two boats headed out to her position .
One of them 's an estimated 40 hours , the other is 48 .
So right now we 're just trying to figure out if there 's any way faster .
She 's in the middle of nowhere pretty much , in the Southern Indian Ocean , there 's nothing closer .
" We 're just hoping everything 's all right out there .
There 's nothing we can really know for sure out there right now . "
A note posted to a blog tracking Abby 's progress by her support team Thursday detailed her survival gear .
" Abby has all of the equipment on board to survive a crisis situation like this , " the posting said .
" She has a dry suit , survival suit , life raft , and ditch bag with emergency supplies .
If she can keep warm and hang on , help will be there as soon as possible . "
Click HERE to watch Abby give a tour of her boat .
Jeff Casher , an engineer on Sunderland 's support team , told ABC News that he last spoke with the 16 - year - old sailor before 6 a.m. PDT , after she had been knocked down twice during the night because of strong winds -- meaning that her sail had touched the water .
One of those knock - downs , Casher said , ripped the radar off the boat .
She had been speaking with Casher on a satellite telephone earlier because of engine problems and was in the process of fixing those problems when she told Casher she 'd call right back .
She has not been heard from since , except for the distress signals .
Abby is approximately 500 miles north of the Antarctic Islands on her bid to become the youngest to circumnavigate the globe in a sailboat , solo .
Abby herself last posted a blog entry from her boat , " Wild Eyes , " on Wednesday night .
" It was a nice day today with some lighter winds which gave me a chance to patch everything up , " she wrote .
" Wild Eyes was great through everything but after a day with over 50 knots at times , I had quite a bit of work to do . "
The weather was getting rough again , she noted .
" The wind is beginning to pick up .
It is back up to 20 knots and I am expecting that by midnight tonight I could have 35 - 50 knots with gusts to 60 so I am off to sleep before it really picks up , " she wrote .
Abby 's goal at the outset of her trip , to become the youngest sailor to pull off a solo nonstop circumnavigation , ended in April , when she was forced to stop in South Africa because her autopilot malfunctioned .
She still was bidding to become the youngest sailor to perform a solo circumnavigation .
How Young Is Too Young ?
In a June 2 report titled " How Young Is Too Young ? , " " 20/20 " described Sunderland 's circumnavigation attempt .
" I am definitely nervous , " Abby told " 20/20 . "
" People say you should n't be nervous if you are really ready to do this .
But I understand [ the ] ocean , and I understand how dangerous what I am doing actually is , and I understand how careful I need to be out there . "
Late last year , Abby began talking publicly about her plan to circumnavigate the globe by herself in a 40 - foot boat .
It would be , she said , the fulfillment of a dream she sprang on her parents when she was 13 .
Laurence and MaryAnne Sunderland , Abby 's parents , helped their daughter to prepare for the attempt .
" Could there be a tragedy ? " MaryAnne Sunderland said .
" Yeah , there could be .
But there could be a tragedy on the way home tonight , you know , or driving with her friends in a car at 16 .
You minimize the risks . "
" You arm them with the coping skills , " Laurence Sunderland said .
" And then you pray . "
Not everyone who heard of Abby 's plan has been as supportive .
" Child abuse .
Child endangerment , " said T.J. Simers , a sports columnist for the Los Angeles Times and father of two grown daughters .
" I just do n't understand the idea of risking life .
This kid 's going to be out there all by herself .
Death is a possibility .
Bad weather .
Are you kidding me ?
Who 's responsible for this ?
She 's a kid . "
Laurence Sunderland answers his critics by saying they do n't know his daughter and her abilities .
" When any of my kids come to me with an ambition , I do n't laugh at it , " said Abby 's father , Laurence Sunderland .
" I like to listen to my kids .
There was a part of me that was even excited , because she 's jumped into an arena where I know a little bit about it . "
Sunderland schooled
Abby in seamanship , testing her , he said , with tougher and tougher solo scenarios through her teens .
" When things went wrong , I 'd bring [ it to ] her attention , " Sunderland said .
" It was a particularly rough day and her boat was rocking from gunnel to gunnel .
... I knew she was freezing cold , tired and hungry , and we'd been at it for , you know , 20 hours at that stage .
I said , ' So Abby , are you ready to sail around the world now ? '
To which she replied , ' Where is my boat ? ' "
MaryAnne Sunderland , Abby 's mom , joined the story .
" She ended up getting a sponsor , " she said .
" All she needed was approval , you know , from us . "
Laurence Sunderland said the easiest thing for them to have said as parents would have been " No . "
But then he thought of his daughter and all her talents .
Abby is not the first talented teenager to dream of sailing around the world solo .
In 1999 , a 17 - year - old named Jesse Martin accomplished just that .
Yet while at sea , the teen struggled with loneliness and life - threatening storms that left him emotionally devastated .
But Martin witnessed some unforgettable sights along the way -- and made it safely .
His adventures were chronicled in the documentary " Lionheart . "
" If I never came back it would not have been a tragedy ... a tragedy would be someone who dies at 80 and spent 80 years not being satisfied , " Martin said in the documentary .
" I was out there doing what I wanted . "
Abby Sunderland : Setting Sail
Abby set sail Jan. 23 from Marina del Rey , Calif .
Her parents watched as their teenage daughter faded into the horizon .
Later , via a Skype interview from her boat , Abby would recall her emotions that day .
" It was completely overwhelming , " she said .
" I mean , there was people everywhere , and boats , and all this noise and commotion and stuff .
And then all of a sudden it just leaves , and you 're the only person out there . "
But Abby was n't completely alone .
While at sea , she talked with her mother twice a day , blogged her latest news and kept up her page on Facebook .
One of her friends was Jessica Watson , a 16 - year - old Aussie also in the process of sailing solo around the world .
" I just love , you know , going out and doing something and having to rely on yourself -- you know , it 's up to me , " Jessica said in an ESPN documentary .
As Abby got under way , Jessica was about to sail into history as the youngest ever to circle the globe , alone , nonstop .
But Abby was five months younger , and so hoped to take that world record for herself .
" She set out to achieve -- a goal as being the youngest person to solo circumnavigate the world nonstop , " said Laurence Sunderland .
Abby 's route , crafted to avoid any threat of pirates , took her past Chile , where she was unaffected by the 8.8 magnitude earthquake ; around Cape Horn and into the South Atlantic .
When " 20/20 " talked with her , she 'd been at sea for 101 days .
Abby Sunderland : ' I 'm Happy to Do It Alone '
We asked what it was like to go for so long and not see any sign of civilization .
" I think it actually might be more fun if there was somebody else on board , " Abby said .
" But -- I 'm happy to do it alone too . "
We also asked her what was the toughest hit her boat had taken , and whether she got scared .
" I got hit by a rogue wave , " she said .
" I did get knocked down .
... I 'd be happy if that did n't happen again . "
Abby admitted to having been scared a few times .
She 'd also dealt with disappointment .
Because when she spoke with " 20/20 " she knew that her boat needed to stop in Cape Town for repairs -- ending her dream of a solo circumnavigation nonstop , but not ending her voyage .
When asked why she did n't go back home when she encountered problems , her father answered : " I think Abigail set out to sail around the world and she will accomplish that . "
Guinness World Records says it will no longer recognize " youngest ever " sailing records , because they are so risky .
But still - younger sailors are hoping to get their yo - ho - ho on .
A Dutch family court barred 13 - year - old Laura Dekker from raising her mainsail alone .
But she may finally get her chance later this year .
Her quest completed after 210 days at sea , Jessica Watson pulled into Sydney Harbor early this spring to a huge welcome -- and a classic sailor 's response .
" Jessica , you are our new Australian hero , " Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said .
" I am actually going to disagree with what our prime minister just said , " Jessica told the crowd of well - wishers .
" I do n't consider myself a hero .
I am an ordinary girl who believed in a dream .
You do n't have to be someone special to achieve something amazing .
You just have to have a dream , believe in it and work hard . "
diagnose honey bee health problems
The BeeMD is a diagnostic application for use in the field to diagnose honey bee health problems .
Try it out and let us know your thoughts !
We 'd love to hear from you .
Feedback and questions about The BeeMD are always welcome , and can be submitted by filling out the contact form HERE .
* Record monthly price rise for Venezuela in April
* Bolivar trading in free - floating market at historic low
* Chavez blames speculators , Wall Street blames him
( adds details , analyst )
By Andrew Cawthorne
CARACAS , May 9 ( Reuters ) - Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez is promising tough measures against “ bourgeois ” speculators whom he blames for the OPEC member nation ’s runaway inflation and ever - weaker bolivar currency .
“ We need to stop this right now .
The bourgeoisie do not listen to appeals to their conscience .
Let ’s act with a firm hand , ” the fiery socialist told his Cabinet late on Saturday , in a familiar response to times of economic difficulty .
“ We need to smash speculation . ”
Already in recession and forecast to be the only nation in Latin America with negative growth in 2010 , Venezuela ’s economy had more bad news this week with the highest monthly inflation , 5.2 percent , in years .
[ ID :nN07213073 ]
Fuelling the price rises and causing distortions throughout the economy , the U.S. dollar touched 8.0 bolivars on the free - floating parallel market .
That was nearly double the main official rate of 4.3 bolivars and triple the government ’s 2.6 level for essential imports .
[ ID :nN06111503 ]
Chavez , who calls himself a Marxist and has made a political career out of attacking Venezuela ’s traditional elite , said his economic team and intelligence services would give him a list of speculators and hoarders by Monday .
Then short - term and medium - term measures would be announced , he said .
Dozens of butchers were arrested last week , accused of hiking their prices illegally .
Chavez accused the rich of taking advantage of a recent rise in the minimum wage and also seeking to cause him problems before a September legislative election .
“ I warn them : we are not going to be pushed around , ” he said .
“ We make an effort to raise salaries ... then immediately the capitalists raise everything , food , transport , clothes .
They ’re trying to cause problems and we wo n’t allow it . ”
“ BURNING ” RESERVES
Venezuela ’s April inflation spike appears to be a delayed reaction to the impact of a January devaluation .
Stern warnings against retailers and the nationalization of a supermarket chain on price - gouging charges chilled price rises in the first two months after the devaluation .
Wall Street analysts say Chavez ’s incompetent handling of the economy -- rather than unscrupulous speculations -- is to blame , with incoherent monetary policies and an anti-business environment that has crushed productivity and investment .
“ Inflation pressures are likely to remain high and the risk of a currency crisis is rising by the day , ” said Goldman Sachs analyst Alberto Ramos , adding that Venezuela was now under growing pressure to issue more debt despite official denials .
Chavez also lambasted speculation on the free - floating , or parallel , currency market , saying state currency board CADIVI was releasing billions of dollars at the official rates .
Businessmen say , however , that access to dollars at 4.3 or 2.6 bolivars is severely restricted -- and rife with corruption -- meaning about half of imports rely on obtaining foreign currency on the parallel market .
The Central Bank ’s issuance of more than $ 450 million in so - called “ exchange bonds ” since January has failed in its stated aim of strengthening the bolivar ’s parallel rate .
“ Even if you , Nelson , burn all the international reserves , we wo n’t get the parallel dollar down , ” Chavez told his Central Bank President Nelson Merentes .
“ Because the bourgeoisie and those in charge of the trading houses , the private banks and so on , they know everything , they ’ve been involved in this all their lives , they have international connections . ”
Speculation of impending government measures to control the parallel market , and visits by officials to some trading houses last week , were a factor in strengthening the dollar further to its record level on Thursday and Friday .
Chavez , who has cast himself as Latin America ’s heir to Cuba ’s Fidel Castro as the main critic of Washington - led “ imperialism , ” said capitalism was bringing down Europe and the United States “ but here we have to stop it in time . ”
( Additional reporting by Eyanir Chinea ; Editing by Eric Beech )
The re-utilization of downtown Austin ’s Seaholm Power Plant will happen .
When ?
Not soon .
Why ?
No $ $ $ .
No surprise .
However , at Wednesday evening ’s Parks Commission meeting , CM Chris Riley shared the opportunity to adapt the Seaholm intake structure ( which sits on the lake ) into something usable and complimentary to the trail .
An ordinance passed in 1985 required facilities such as this , owned by the city , immediately become park land upon termination or cessation of their existing uses .
Hence … PARD controls these buildings .
Furthermore , the 1987 Town Lake Park Comprehensive Plan states : “ … the building south of W. First Street that houses the cooling water intake for the power plant is ideally situated for conversion to lakeside dining . ”
It goes on to suggest : “ A water taxi stop will give additional access . ”
OK , this is getting interesting , right ?
PARD is strapped for cash , and PARD director Sarah Hensley is a progressive force .
There is reason to be optimistic that something can happen here , and we ’re not going to have to wait 10 years to see it realized .
According to CM
Riley , the use should be contextual , and specifically cater to the myriad people using the trail .
I understood this as concessionaires and open seating , rather than a proper restaurant as might be inferred from the plan .
This makes sense , considering there is little / no room for additional parking here .
Not a bad thing , IMO .
How can you help ?
Keep the discussion moving , and share the idea with your friends .
Send a note to city council that you want to see these buildings put to public use .
- Jude
His bloodied face became the symbol of violent G20 demonstrators seemingly intent on attacking police .
But the man whose angry remonstrations with police at the protests in April last year were relayed live on television news , and later emblazoned across newspaper front pages , was not the rioter he was depicted as .
A jury at Isleworth crown court in Middlesex took 30 minutes to clear Harvie Brown , 31 , of violent disorder this week , in a case that challenged the police version of events and established that his injuries were probably inflicted by officers .
Brown was among several hundred protesters " kettled " by police near the Bank of England on 1 April last year .
Attempts to contain anti-capitalist and green activists inside cordons led to angry confrontations and clashes .
Brown was caught between lines of baton - wielding police attempting to push the crowd back .
Many at the front , including Brown , from Glasgow , were unable to obey the police orders as the agitated crowd behind them tried to surge forward .
Many were struck with batons .
The court heard Brown 's injuries – two head wounds and a broken tooth – could have been inflicted by police .
In court , Brown was accused of being the ringleader of an aggressive group of rioters , encouraging the crowd to attack police officers – a charge he denied .
He faced three years in jail if found guilty .
Initial press reports suggested Brown was goading officers into a confrontation .
" I was shocked when I was released from the police station in the early hours of 2 April to see that I was plastered all over the newspapers and described as a violent agitator at the G20 protests , " Brown said tonight .
" I was distressed that I was made out to be the aggressor .
I was also very upset that the emphasis of the reporting , which I felt should have been on the demonstration against the causes of the financial crisis , had turned into a focus on what was described as anti-police behaviour . "
Witnesses told the court that Brown spent much of the protest distressed and in tears , upset at police treatment .
Rhona Friedman , defending , said : " This was a prosecution that should never have been brought .
Footage and photographs show that Mr Brown was repeatedly struck by police officers without resorting to violent retaliation .
" Members of the jury were seen to flinch at footage of police officers deploying baton strikes against people in the crowd .
When asked to decide who was guilty of unlawful violence and who was not , the jury could not have more clearly decided in Mr Brown 's favour . "
Despite initial claims by police about violence caused by protesters G20 , there have been relatively few convictions for a demonstration of its size .
Seven people have so far been convicted of violent conduct , criminal damage and public order offences at or during the demonstration , including a handful who were identified as having taken part in the ransacking of a branch of the Royal Bank of Scotland .
A further five prosecutions are pending , while five have resulted in acquittals .
Prosecutors dropped charges in their largest case , which involved 11 members of the Space Hijackers , an anarchist group whose members arrived at G20 protests in a tank , dressed in police - style helmets and boiler suits .
The activists , some wearing red stockings , were arrested and charged with impersonating police officers .
They are suing the Met for wrongful arrest and false imprisonment .
It does not matter whether you are guilty or not ; court processes can be very scary , especially for newbies .
You get yourself worrying a lot about what the outcome will be and furthermore whether or not justice will prevail .
You need an attorney to guide you through this hectic process that can leave you beat down .
Criminal defence attorneys can help you with more than just talking on your behalf in the court .
There are numerous benefits that one can enjoy from working with a professional defence attorney , especially when your fate is on the line .
Why you need to hire a criminal defence attorney fast
Criminal defence attorneys are specialised in representing suspects of criminal activities during the court process .
There are a number of benefits besides being found not guilty that you can benefit just by hiring an experienced defence attorney .
Extensive knowledge of the law and system
Lawyers undergo thorough training throughout the years that they become well conversant with the system .
Their years of experience makes them very relevant in representing people involved in criminal cases in court .
Why not consider them as an option and improve your odds of getting the justice you seek or deserve .
Dealing with paperwork can be a handful .
Only an expert that well understands the system can efficiently file the needed paperwork in a court case .
You being green to this field may be faced by a hard time determining which papers go where .
Criminal defence lawyers come in handy in helping you focus on other issues as they deal with all the paperwork that may be needed during the case .
Increase your chances for a fair trial
A non -guilty ruling is a win for the lawyer and their client , but so is reduced or fair sentencing .
At times the system may be corrupt , and without proper representation , criminals may get more than what they deserve .
It is your lawyer ’s duty to ensure you are tried and sentenced fairly .
How to look for the best criminal defence lawyer
There are very many types of lawyers in the world .
Some deal solely with criminal cases , whereas others specialise in civil cases .
You have to be very keen when looking for who to hire as slight confusion may lead to poor representation in court .
Here are some factors to guide in your search for the best criminal defence attorney today .
Experience matters a lot .
The more the years one has been active in the field , the better they are at doing their jobs .
In that spirit , consider looking for an experienced criminal attorney that can help you emerge victorious on the other side .
An amateur may have the knowledge but lack the experience to be versatile in court .
Find a lawyer that listens and communicates .
Leading criminal lawyers have represented many people in a similar line of cases and might fail to pay attention to what you need .
Find an attorney that can listen keenly and understand your point of pain .
They need to be able to communicate efficiently any court process , court dates , and other important details that a client ought to know , if not move on to the next shortlisted name on your list .
Check their academic and legal credentials .
A lawyer is not complete without their academic training .
Do they have valid academic credentials showcasing their prowess ?
If yes , then find out if they are legally allowed to practice in your area .
To find this out , ask for licenses and other forms of legal documents .
I think there was much to celebrate in Hillary Clinton ’s speech to AIPAC .
Couched in the usual pandering of the special relationship forever , and sanctions that " bite " Iran , she made a point of breaking the news to American Jews that the " status quo is unsustainable . "
Yes , she said this had to do with " demographics , " a veiled form of racism involving the Palestinian birthrate , but she mentioned the " occupation , " and the " humanitarian crisis " in Gaza , and the inhuman blockade , and the need for Palestinians to have a " partner " for negotiation .
Most significant , it seemed to me , was her statement that in the ’90s she traveled the world and no one talked about the Israel - Palestine conflict .
Now everywhere she goes it ’s all that other countries want to talk about , first or second or third on the list of issues .
" We can not escape the impact of mass communications . "
The internet .
You and me …
I do n’t have her words in front of me , but the clear implication was that Americans are at risk .
If Palestinians are allowed to govern themselves — oh what a radical concept ! — it undermines the " appeal " of extremists across the region .
Failure to make progress on this issue arms extremists , she said .
This is the Petraeus position , of course .
Oh now I have a transcript :
[ W]e can not be blind to the political implications of continued conflict .
There is a struggle between those in the region who accept peace and coexistence with Israel , and those who reject it and seek only continued violence .
The status quo strengthens the rejectionists who claim peace is impossible and weakens those who would accept coexistence .
That does not serve Israel ’s interests or our own .
Those willing to negotiate need to be able to show results for their efforts .
And those who preach violence must be proven wrong .
All of our regional challenges — confronting the threat posed by Iran , combating violent extremism , promoting democracy and economic opportunity – become harder if rejectionists grow in power and influence .
When you consider that AIPAC ’s feverish executive director Howard Kohr had just said that a " reductivist " belief that resolving the Palestinian conflict is essential is simply wrong …
When you consider that Alan Dershowitz last night and British Colonel Richard Kemp said that AIPAC must simply dismiss the Petraeus statement that the Palestinian issue endangers Americans …
Well , Hillary was bringing cold hard truth to the AIPAC faithful .
She went on at some length , in a vigorous , direct manner .
By such fits and starts , Americans may at last reckon with the reality of the occupation .
The scene reminded me of Poe ’s great story the Masque of the Red Death .
They deny the plague in the castle as long as they can .
It is outside in the streets .
Then they have a masked ball to celebrate their survival and of course the plague is costumed and stalking the company from room to room .
Israel ’s plague , the crisis it faces through its imposition of apartheid rule — for a second I thought Hillary was going to use that word when she quoted Ehud Barak on the " inexorable mathematics " of the occupation ; for Barak has used this word that an American politician cannot– is in the castle .
The White House is giving the news to the influential elite .
AIPAC president Lee Rosenberg looked stricken as Hillary left the stage .
Oh , below is a transcript , circulated by Peace Now :
SECRETARY OF STATE HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON
REMARKS TO AIPAC
WASHINGTON , DC
MARCH 22 , 2010
Thank you for that welcome .
It is wonderful to be back at AIPAC and back with so many good friends .
I want to thank Lee Rosenberg for that introduction – and congratulations , Rosy , you ’re going to be a terrific president .
I also want to thank David Victor , Howard Kohr , Lonny Kaplan , JB Pritzker and all of AIPAC ’s directors and staff for your leadership and hard work .
I ’m also pleased that my friend Congressman Jim Langevin , a great champion for Israel , is here .
To all of AIPAC ’s members , thank you for your example of citizen activism .
Petitioning your government , expressing your views , speaking up in the arena … this is what democracy is all about .
I am particularly pleased to see so many young people here today .
You recognize that your future and the future of our country are bound up with the future of Israel .
And your engagement today will help make that future more secure .
Given the shared challenges we face , the relationship between the United States and Israel has never been more important .
The United States has long recognized that a strong and secure Israel is vital to our own strategic interests .
We know that the forces that threaten Israel also threaten the United States .
And we firmly believe that when we strengthen Israel ’s security , we strengthen America ’s security .
So from its first day , the Obama administration has worked to promote Israel ’s security and long - term success .
As Vice President Biden said in Israel , we know that to make progress in this region , there must be no gap between the United States and Israel on security .
And there will not be .
For President Obama , for me , and for this entire administration , our commitment to Israel ’s security and Israel ’s future is rock solid .
OUR COMMITMENT TO ISRAEL
Our countries and peoples are bound together by our shared values of freedom , equality , democracy , the right to live free from fear , and our common aspirations for a future of peace , security , and prosperity .
Americans honor Israel as a homeland for a people too long oppressed and a democracy that has had to defend itself at every turn .
A dream nurtured for generations and made real by men and women who refused to bow to the toughest of odds .
In Israel ’s story we see our own .
We see the story of all people who struggle for freedom and the right to chart their own destinies .
It took President Harry Truman only 11 minutes to recognize the new nation of Israel in 1948 .
And , ever since , our two countries have stood in solidarity .
Guaranteeing Israel ’s security is more than a policy position for me .
It is a personal commitment that will never waiver .
Since my first visit to Israel nearly thirty years ago , I have returned many times and made many friends .
I have had the privilege of working with some of Israel ’s great leaders , and have benefited from their wise counsel .
( And I may have sometimes caused them consternation — I do n’t think Yitzhak Rabin ever forgave me for banishing him to the White House balcony when he wanted to smoke ) .
Over the years , I have shared your pride in seeing the desert bloom , the economy thrive , and the country flourish .
But I have also seen the struggles and the sorrow .
I will never forget the heart - rending words of Noa Ben Artzi -Pelossof at her grandfather ’s funeral , or the sight of a bombed - out pizzeria in Jerusalem , or the look on the faces of Israeli families who knew a rocket could fall at any moment .
On one of my visits , in 2002 , I met a young man named Yochai Porat .
At only 26 , he was a senior medic with Magen David and oversaw a program to train foreign volunteers as first responders for MDA .
I attended one of the program ’s graduation ceremonies and I saw the pride in his face as another group of young people set off to do good in the world .
Yochai was also a reservist with the IDF .
A week after we met , he was killed by a sniper near a roadblock , along with a number of other soldiers and civilians .
MDA renamed the overseas volunteer program in Yochai ’s memory and it has continued to flourish .
In 2005 , I visited with Yochai ’s family .
His parents were committed to continuing Yochai ’s support for the MDA and its mission – and so was I .
I spent years urging the International Red Cross to admit MDA as a full voting member .
And in 2006 , we finally succeeded .
As a Senator from New York , I was proud to be a strong voice for Israel in the Congress and around the world .
And I am proud that I can continue to be that strong voice as Secretary of State .
Last fall , I stood next to Prime Minister Netanyahu and praised his government ’s decision to place a moratorium on new residential construction in the West Bank .
And then I praised it again in Marrakesh and Cairo .
We also made clear that this was just a first step and , like every administration for decades , underscored that the United States does not accept the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlements .
As Israel ’s friend , it is our responsibility to give credit when it is due and to tell the truth when it is needed .
In 2008 , I told this conference that Barack Obama would be a good friend to Israel as president .
That he would have a special appreciation of Israel because of his own personal history .
A grandfather who fought the Nazis in Patton ’s Army .
A great - uncle who helped liberate Buchenwald .
President Obama and his family have lived the Diaspora experience .
And as he told you himself , he understands that , “ there is always a homeland at the center of our story . ”
As a Senator , he visited Israel and met families whose houses were destroyed by rockets .
And as President he has supported Israel in word and deed .
Under President Obama ’s leadership , we have reinvigorated defense consultations , redoubled our efforts to ensure Israel ’s qualitative military edge , and provided nearly $ 3 billion in annual military assistance .
In fact , that assistance increased in 2010 and we have requested another increase for 2011 .
More than 1,000 U.S. troops participated in Juniper Cobra ballistic missile defense exercises last fall , the largest such drill to date .
And President Obama has made achieving peace and recognized borders for Israel a top administration priority .
The United States has also led the fight in international institutions against anti-Semitism and efforts to challenge Israel ’s legitimacy .
We led the boycott of the Durban Conference and repeatedly voted against the deeply flawed Goldstone Report .
This administration will always stand up for Israel ’s right to defend itself .
IRAN
For Israel , there is no greater strategic threat than the prospect of a nuclear - armed Iran .
Elements in Iran ’s government have become a menace , both to their own people and in the region .
Iran ’s president foments anti-Semitism , denies the Holocaust , and threatens to destroy Israel .
The Iranian leadership funds and arms terrorists who have murdered Americans and Israelis alike .
And it has waged a campaign of intimidation and persecution against its own people .
Last June , Iranians marching silently were beaten with batons ; political prisoners were rounded up and abused ; and absurd and false accusations were leveled against the United States , Israel , and the West .
People everywhere were horrified by the video of a young woman killed in the street .
The Iranian leadership is denying its people rights that are universal to all human beings — including the right to speak freely , to assemble without fear ; the right to the equal administration of justice , and to express your views without facing retribution .
In addition to threatening Israel , a nuclear - armed Iran would embolden its terrorist clientele and would spark an arms race that could destabilize the region .
This is unacceptable .
Unacceptable to the United States .
Unacceptable to Israel .
And unacceptable to the region and the international community .
So let me be very clear : The United States is determined to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons .
For most of the past decade , the United States declined to engage with Iran .
And Iran grew more , not less , dangerous .
It built thousands of centrifuges and spurned the international community .
But it faced few consequences .
President Obama has been trying a different course designed to present Iran ’s leaders with a clear choice .
We have made extensive efforts to reengage with Iran , both through direct communication and working with other partners multilaterally , to send an unmistakable message : uphold your international obligations and reap the benefits of normal relations , or face increased isolation and the painful consequences .
We took this course with the understanding that the very effort of seeking engagement would strengthen our hand if Iran rejected our initiative .
And over the last year , Iran ’s leaders have been stripped of their usual excuses .
The world has seen that Iran , and not the United States , is responsible for the impasse .
With secret nuclear facilities , increasing violations of its obligations under the nonproliferation regime , and unjustified expansion of its enrichment activities , more and more nations are expressing deep concerns about Iran ’s intentions .
There is growing international consensus on taking steps to pressure Iran ’s leaders to change course .
Europe is in agreement .
Russia has moved in this direction .
And although there is still work to be done , China has said it supports the dual track approach of applying pressure if engagement does not produce results .
This stronger consensus has also led to increased cooperation on stopping arms shipments and financial transactions that aid terrorists , threaten Israel , and destabilize the region .
We are working with our partners in the United Nations on new Security Council sanctions that will show Iran ’s leaders that there are real consequences for their intransigence , that the only choice is to live up to their international obligations .
Our aim is not incremental sanctions , but sanctions that will bite .
It is taking time to produce these sanctions , and we believe that time is a worthwhile investment for winning the broadest possible support for our efforts .
But we will not compromise our commitment to preventing Iran from acquiring these weapons .
THE STATUS QUO IS UNSUSTAINABLE
Iran is not the only threat on the horizon .
Israel today is confronting some of the toughest challenges in her history .
The conflict with the Palestinians and with Israel ’s Arab neighbors is an obstacle to prosperity and opportunity for Israelis , Palestinians , and people across the region .
And it threatens Israel ’s long - term future as a secure and democratic Jewish state .
The status quo is unsustainable for all sides .
It promises only more violence and unrealized aspirations .
Staying on this course means continuing a conflict that carries tragic human costs .
Israeli and Palestinian children alike deserve to grow up free from fear and to have the opportunity to live up to their full God - given potential .
There is another path .
A path that leads toward security and prosperity for all the people of the region .
It will require all parties – including Israel – to make difficult but necessary choices .
Both sides must confront the reality that the status quo of the last decade has not produced long - term security or served the interests of Israelis , Palestinians , or the people of the region .
Nor has it served the interests of the United States .
It is true that heightened security measures have reduced the number of suicide bombings and given some in Israel the hope that the status quo could be sustained .
But the dynamics of demography , ideology , and technology make this impossible .
First , we cannot ignore the long - term population trends that result from Israeli occupation .
As Defense Minister Barak and others have observed , the inexorable mathematics of demography are hastening the hour at which Israelis may have to choose between preserving their democracy and staying true to the dream of a Jewish homeland .
Given this reality , a two - state solution is the only viable path for Israel to remain both a democracy and a Jewish state .
Second , we can not be blind to the political implications of continued conflict .
There is a struggle between those in the region who accept peace and coexistence with Israel , and those who reject it and seek only continued violence .
The status quo strengthens the rejectionists who claim peace is impossible and weakens those who would accept coexistence .
That does not serve Israel ’s interests or our own .
Those willing to negotiate need to be able to show results for their efforts .
And those who preach violence must be proven wrong .
All of our regional challenges — confronting the threat posed by Iran , combating violent extremism , promoting democracy and economic opportunity – become harder if rejectionists grow in power and influence .
Conversely , a two state solution would allow Israel ’s contributions to the world , and to our greater humanity , to get the recognition they deserve ; would allow the Palestinians to realize their own legitimate aspirations ; and would undermine the appeal of extremism across the region .
Finally , we must recognize that the ever - evolving technology of war is making it harder to guarantee Israel ’s security .
For six decades , Israelis have guarded their borders vigilantly .
But advances in rocket technology mean that Israeli families are now at risk far from those borders .
Despite efforts at containment , rockets with better guidance systems , longer range , and more destructive power are spreading across the region .
Hizbollah has amassed tens of thousands of rockets on Israel ’s northern border .
Hamas has a substantial number in Gaza .
And even if some of these are still crude , they all pose a serious danger , as we saw last week .
Our message to Hamas is clear : renounce violence , recognize Israel , and abide by previous signed agreements .
And I will repeat today what I have said many times before : Gilad Shalit must be released immediately and reunited with his family .
Unfortunately , neither military action nor restricting access into and out of Gaza has significantly stemmed the flow of rockets to Hamas .
They appear content to add to their stockpile and grow rich off the tunnel trade , while the people living in Gaza fall deeper into poverty and despair .
This path is not sustainable for either Israelis or Palestinians .
Behind these terrorist organizations and their rockets , we see the destabilizing influence of Iran .
Reaching a two - state solution will not end all these threats , but failure to do so gives our extremist foes a pretext to spread violence , instability , and hatred .
In the face of these unforgiving dynamics of demography , ideology , and technology , it becomes impossible to entrust our hopes for Israel ’s future in today ’s status quo .
These challenges cannot be ignored or wished away .
Only by choosing a new path can the Israelis , Palestinians , and all the people of the region ensure their children inherit the future of opportunity and security they deserve .
A COMPREHENSIVE PEACE
The way forward is clear : two states for two peoples living side by side in peace and security , with peace between Israel and Syria , and Israel and Lebanon , and normal relations between Israel and all the Arab states .
A comprehensive peace that is real and not a slogan , that is rooted in genuine recognition of Israel ’s right to exist in peace and security , and that offers the best way to ensure Israel ’s enduring survival and well - being .
And , it is a goal that the Obama administration is determined to achieve .
George Mitchell has worked tirelessly with the parties to prepare the ground for the resumption of direct negotiations , beginning with the proximity talks both sides have accepted .
These proximity talks are a hopeful first step , and they should be serious and substantive .
Ultimately , of course , it will take direct negotiations to work through all the issues and end the conflict .
The United States stands ready to play an active and sustained role in Israeli - Palestinian talks , and to support the parties as they work to resolve all permanent status issues including security , borders , refugees , and Jerusalem .
The United States cannot force a solution .
The parties themselves must resolve their differences through direct negotiations .
But , we believe that through good - faith negotiations , the parties can mutually agree to an outcome which ends the conflict and reconciles the Palestinian goal of an independent and viable state based on the ‘ 67 lines , with agreed swaps , and Israel ’s goal of a Jewish state with secure and recognized borders that reflect subsequent developments and meet Israel ’s security requirements .
The United States recognizes that Jerusalem is a deeply important issue for Israelis and Palestinians , and for Jews , Muslims , and Christians .
We believe that through good faith negotiations the parties can mutually agree on an outcome that realizes the aspirations of both parties for Jerusalem , and safeguards its status for people around the world .
For negotiations to be successful , they must be built on a foundation of mutual trust and confidence .
That is why both Israelis and Palestinians must refrain from unilateral statements and actions that undermine the process or prejudice the outcome of talks .
When a Hamas - controlled municipality glorifies violence and renames a square after a terrorist who murdered innocent Israelis , it insults the families on both sides who have lost loves ones in this conflict .
And when instigators deliberately mischaracterize the rededication of a synagogue in the Jewish quarter of Jerusalem ’s old city and call upon their brethren to “ defend ” nearby Muslim holy sites from so - called “ attacks , ” it is purely and simply an act of incitement .
These provocations are wrong and must be condemned for needlessly inflaming tensions and imperiling prospects for a comprehensive peace .
It is our devotion to this outcome – two states for two peoples , secure and at peace – that led us to condemn the announcement of plans for new construction in East Jerusalem .
This was not about wounded pride .
Nor is it a judgment on the final status of Jerusalem , which is an issue to be settled at the negotiating table .
This is about getting to the table , creating and protecting an atmosphere of trust around it – and staying there until the job is done .
New construction in East Jerusalem or the West Bank undermines mutual trust and endangers the proximity talks that are the first step toward the full negotiations that both sides want and need .
It exposes daylight between Israel and the United States that others in the region could hope to exploit .
And it undermines America ’s unique ability to play a role – an essential role , I might add — in the peace process .
Our credibility in this process depends in part on our willingness to praise both sides when they are courageous , and when we do n’t agree , to say so , and say so unequivocally .
We objected to this announcement because we are committed to Israel and its security , which depends on a comprehensive peace .
Because we are determined to keep moving forward along a path that ensures Israel ’s future as a secure and democratic Jewish state living in peace with its Palestinian neighbors , who can realize their own legitimate aspirations .
And because we do not want to see that progress jeopardized .
When Prime Minister Netanyahu and I spoke , I suggested a number of concrete steps that Israel could take to improve the atmosphere and rebuild confidence .
The Prime Minister responded with specific actions Israel is prepared to take toward this end , and we discussed a range of other mutual - confidence building measures .
Senator Mitchell continued this discussion in Israel over the weekend , and is meeting with President Abbas today .
We are making progress and we are working hard to keep the proximity talks moving ahead .
I am looking forward to meeting with Prime Minister Netanyahu today in Washington and President Obama will see him tomorrow .
We will follow up on these discussions and seek a common understanding about the most productive way forward .
Neither our commitment nor our goal has changed .
The United States will continue to encourage all parties to take steps that advance the prospects for peace .
We commend the government of President Abbas and Prime Minister Fayyad for the reforms they have undertaken to strengthen law and order , and the progress they have made in improving the quality of life in the West Bank .
But we encourage them to redouble their efforts to put an end to incitement and violence , continue to ensure security and rule of law , and ingrain a culture of peace and tolerance among Palestinians .
We applaud Israel ’s neighbors for their support of the Arab Peace Initiative and the proximity talks .
But their rhetoric must now be backed up by action .
They should make it easier to pursue negotiations and an agreement .
That is their responsibility .
And we commend Prime Minister Netanyahu for embracing the vision of the two - state solution and for acting to lift road - blocks and ease movement throughout the West Bank .
But we also expect Israel to continue taking concrete steps that will help turn that vision into reality — building trust and momentum toward comprehensive peace by demonstrating respect for the legitimate aspirations of the Palestinians , stopping settlement activity , and addressing the humanitarian crisis in Gaza .
From the time of David Ben-Gurion , who accepted the UN proposal to divide the land into two nations , Israel and Palestine , leaders like Begin and Rabin have made difficult but clear - eyed choices to pursue peace in the name of Israel ’s future .
It was Rabin himself who said , “ For Israel there is no path that is without pain .
But the path of peace is preferable to the path of war . ”
Last June at Bar - Ilan University , Prime Minister Netanyahu put his country on the path to peace .
President Abbas has put the Palestinians on that path as well .
The challenge for both will be to keep moving forward – and to stay on course .
Peace brings with it a future of promise and possibility .
Ultimately , this is the vision that drives us .
We see a future for Israel and for our relationship that is finally freed from the shackles of this conflict .
Families no longer afraid of rockets in the night .
Israelis traveling and trading freely in the region .
Palestinians able to pursue their dreams in a state of their own .
Former adversaries working together on issues of common concern like water , infrastructure , and development that builds broadly shared prosperity in the region .
And a global strategic partnership between Israel and the United States that taps the talent and innovation of our societies to meet the challenges and seize the opportunities of the 21st century .
From addressing climate change and energy to hunger , poverty and disease , Israel has so much to offer .
Look at the spread of high - tech start - ups , the influx of venture capital , the number of Nobel laureates .
Israel has the potential to be a major force for progress on the world stage .
We are already working as partners , just imagine how much more we could achieve together if the dream of peace can be realized .
We are entering the season of Passover .
The story of Moses resonates for people of all faiths .
It teaches us many lessons , including that we must take risks , even a leap of faith , to reach the promised land .
When Moses urged the Jews to follow him out of Egypt , many objected .
They said it was too dangerous , too hard , too risky .
And later , in the desert , some thought it would be better to return to Egypt .
It was too dangerous , too hard , too risky .
And when they came to the very edge of the promised land , there were still some who refused to enter because it was too dangerous , too hard , and too risky .
Israel ’s history is the story of brave men and women who took risks and did the hard thing because they knew it was right .
Theodor Herzl championing a dream many said was impossible .
Pioneers who found a desert and made it bloom .
Warriors who offered their adversaries a hand of peace because they knew it would make Israel stronger .
Who understood , as the rabbis teach , that the strongest among us is the one who turns an enemy into a friend .
Israel has shed more than its share of bitter tears .
But for the dream to survive , for the state to flourish , this generation of Israelis must take up the tradition and do what may seem too dangerous , too hard , and too risky .
And of this they can be sure : the United States will stand with them , sharing the risks and shouldering the burdens , as we face the future together .
The embattled BP CEO is turning over day - to - day responsibilities in the Gulf to Bob Dudley , the company ’s managing director .
BP chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg made the announcement in an interview with Sky News .
[ UPDATED with video clip below ]
Interviewer Jeff Randall characterizes
Hayward ’s performance testifying before a congressional committee yesterday as “ wretched . ”
Perhaps Svanberg agreed or , more likely , the company had already planned to pull Hayward as point man , but opted to let him take the heat from U.S. lawmakers first .
[ vodpod id=Video.3858853&w=425&h=350&fv= ]
Posted by John , April 17th , 2010 - under Obama , Tea Party , US politics .
It is easy to call someone who disagrees with you a fascist .
It is also in most cases completely wrong .
Conservatives are not fascists .
Reactionaries are not fascists .
An incorrect understanding of fascism , its social base in the middle class and its role as the battering ram of the bourgeoisie against labour leads to catastrophic results .
The failure of Stalinism to recognise the mortal danger that the Nazis posed to the working class and the madness of its social fascist analysis of the social democrats ensured the victory of fascism in Germany .
The rise of Stalin represented the defeat of the working class revolution in Russia and the adoption of anti-worker policies that reflected the interests of the new ruling class .
Trotsky more than anyone else kept alive the ideals of socialism – of democracy and planning , of production for people .
His work on fascism is among some of his finest writing and analysis .
For him fascism was initially a movement of the middle class , the class stuck between the big battalions of labour and capital .
It was a revolt against both .
What gives it its power is social crisis , and the need of the bourgeoisie to smash the organised sections of the working class and any possible resistance to attacking wages and jobs .
Thus Hitler ’s first concentration camps held communists , social democrats and trade unionists .
The middle class in places like America and Australia is a disparate group .
It includes family farmers , other small businesses and functionaries of the state .
In times of economic crisis it feels and is caught between capital and labour and can easily express that powerlessness in rhetoric against the bourgeoisie or their State .
The decline of US imperial power is one such long ongoing crisis .
The stagnation of US profit rates and the small increase in living standards for the vast majority of the population ( but big increases for the super rich ) over the last 3 decades are another .
Couple these factors with the global financial crisis , and the conditions for the growth of fascism become favourable .
On top of that the bail outs of big business , the obscenity of rewards in the form of bonuses for failure , the increase in unemployment in the US to 10 percent and the fact that Obama is the smiling face of the bosses and their neoliberalism adds even more fertiliser to the soil of fascism .
The Tea Party ( taxed enough already ) makes the classic demands of a suffering petit bourgeoisie .
It sees the state and big business , as well as organised labour , as its enemies .
Thus the very essence of the organisation is virulent opposition to Government , especially government which uses ordinary people ’s tax dollars to prop up the likes of the motor car and banking industries .
The left cannot dismiss these real concerns .
The anti-Wall Street rhetoric of the Tea Party has appeal to working class Americans .
Indeed the lack of a mass social democratic party in America , let alone a revolutionary one , means that a movement of the petit bourgeois can drag many workers in behind it rather than as happens in revolutionary situations the other way around .
The urgent task for the Left in America is to build a mass revolutionary party that is a real pole of attraction for workers and drags the petit bourgeois masses behind it .
Hitler ’s anti-capitalist demagoguery was an attempt to draw in workers and lumpen proletariat to his movement just as much as it was an expression of the social position of the German middle class .
The lumpen elements made up his street fighting gangs which did the dirty work for the middle class on the streets .
It is conceivable that some elements in the Tea Party could perform the same role .
Hitler used virulent racism , especially about Jewish finance capital , to cohere his disparate supporters and keep them when he became the tool of the bourgeoisie .
The Tea Party is overwhelmingly white and uses anti-Obama racism to create convenient non-capitalist enemies and glue together many of its constituents .
The Tea Party paints itself as the inheritor of the true ideals of the American revolution .
That revolution was a middle class led one breaking the grip of the dominant economic power and allowing a home grown bourgeoisie to develop .
But to do that it had to arm the property - less and give them some vision ( but not reality ) of sharing power .
The difference is that in 1776 capitalism in the US was in its infancy , beginning its growth .
That is not the case now .
The system is aged and decrepit and shifting its centre from the West to the East .
The Tea Party serves a useful purpose for capital today – dragging debate to the right and with it the already very conservative Democrat Party .
The global financial crisis was a warning shot across the bow of US capitalism , a tocsin that has tolled alarm .
Bush and Obama mobilised the state to save major elements of the system in the US , but can not do so again if the crisis worsens .
The State depends for its ability to save the system on the production of social surplus by workers .
If that very process is threatened there are no available funds for the Obamas of the world to use to prop up the system .
In that case the bourgeois solution becomes an organisation committed to driving down wages and restoring profit rates .
The historical conditions exist for the development of such a group in America .
Certainly the soil is favourable for the weeds of fascism in the US and the Tea Party are its seeds .
The Tea Party can bide its time .
If the working class and the Left have not built a mass revolutionary organisation then when the bourgeoisie needs a battering ram to take on labour and massively attack living standards , the Tea Party will be ready .
This video screencast is a quick tutorial for how to set up WordPress 3.0 in multisite mode .
The WordPress codex has written instructions if you want to use those as well .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZ7ZizdF_i4[/youtube]
Update the wp - config. php file
You will need to add this line of code to your wp - config . php to make the multisite function accessible :
define ( ' WP_ALLOW_MULTISITE ' , true ) ;
Links
WordPress codex documentation for using multisite :
http://codex.wordpress.org/Create_A_Network
How to map top level domains in multisite :
http://verysimple.com/2010/07/09/install-wordpress-3-with-multiple-tlds/
http://ottopress.com/2010/wordpress-3-0-multisite-domain-mapping-tutorial/
Getting it Backward
You can learn a lot about people ’s unstated assumptions just by looking at the way they frame their questions .
Take the debate over genetically modified foods , for example .
It ’s generally presented as a controversy over whether the government should “ allow ” GM foods to be sold without proper labeling .
But that ’s the direct opposite of what ’s really at issue .
It ’s not that the government currently does n’t require the labeling of GM foods , and that it should start doing so .
The fact of the matter is , the government now actively interferes with the labeling of GM foods , at the behest of the agribusiness and food processing industries , even when grocers and food packagers want to indicate its presence .
In the past , for example , Monsanto has had mixed success in taking legal action in various jurisdictions to prohibit grocers from labeling milk as rBGH - free .
Their “ argument , ” if you can call it that , is that since rBGH is legal and there is allegedly no “ sound science ” calling its safety into question , the very fact of labeling a product as free from it constitutes “ product disparagement ” by implying that a product without it is something some people might prefer .
In other words , Monsanto does n’t want to allow you to know what ’s in the competing brands of milk .
In Ohio right now , as a matter of fact , it ’s illegal to label milk as free from rBGH .
And now a position paper from the USDA / FDA calls for prohibiting the voluntary labeling of food as GMO - free as “ false , misleading or deceptive . ”
U.S. trade representative Islam Siddiqui , formerly of Monsanto , is lobbying the UN Codex Committee on food labeling to incorporate the USDA / FDA position .
More broadly , regulatory standards frequently become a de facto ceiling rather than a floor .
Regulation and litigation are used to prohibit any competitor from adhering to a higher standard than the regulaions require .
For example , in one jurisdiction the big meat processors appealed to the federal district court to suppress a competitor ’s voluntary practice of inspecting for Mad Cow Disease more frequently than the law requires .
Since the USDA standard is based on “ sound science , ” meeting a more stringent standard amounts , as such , to impugning the quality of meat that only meets the regulatory standard !
So far from simply establishing a minimum standard , the regulation amounts to a maximum standard that suppresses quality competition .
In other words , it ’s a government enforced cartel of the kind that would be illegal if the meat processors established it among themselves by their own voluntary action !
This is a very common pattern in what passes for political debate in the United States .
Just about every time “ libertarianism ” comes up for discussion at Daily Kos , for example , it ’s usually a matter of minutes before the first commenter proclaims that libertarians had their “ laissez - faire ” utopia in the Gilded Age , with child labor and adulterated meat and the big trusts .
The regulatory state came about , they say , because Americans could n’t stomach the results of laissez - faire .
But this is nonsense .
The model of corporate capitalism that emerged in the late 19th century was as far from the outcome of a free market as you can get .
It was the result of a top - down revolution imposed by the state : the railroad land grants , high industrial tariffs , patent cartels , and the use of federal power to liquidate the radical labor movement , among other things .
And when the large corporations that emerged from this state capitalist regime still found there was too much market competition to establish stable and effective trusts , they turned to the regulatory state to suppress competition in the Progressive Era ( as described by Gabriel Kolko ) .
Time and again , “ Progressive ” friends of the regulatory state bring up this evil or that , and challenge advocates of freed markets as to whether we ’d just “ allow ” it to happen .
But in fact , it ’s almost never a matter of whether or not the state should prohibit the evil .
In most cases the state is actively intervening at present to make the evil possible , and protecting those responsible for it from the market penalties for their actions .
The question is not whether the government will “ allow ” corporate power .
The question is whether it will stop propping it up .
Back during Bill Clinton ’s 1992 presidential campaign , “ It ’s the economy , stupid ” was a phrase that Clinton campaign officials used to keep the focus on the troubled U.S. economy .
The truth is that Americans as a whole care about very few things more than their own economic well being , and by keeping the debate focused on economic issues , Clinton was able to defeat George H. W. Bush .
Nearly 20 years later , that slogan is as true today as it ever has been .
The American people care dearly about their own wallets and bank accounts .
With the economy tanking badly and with unemployment at very high levels , dissatisfaction with the U.S. government is at record highs .
In fact , acccording to a newly released poll byPew Research Center , just 22 % of Americans believe that they can trust the government in Washington almost always or most of the time .
Nearly half of the respondents said that the government has a negative effect on their daily lives .
Only 25 % of those responding expressed a favorable opinion of Congress , which was the lowest favorable rating for Congress in a quarter century of Pew Research Center surveys .
So why are the American people so angry and frustrated with their government ?
It ’s the economy , stupid .
Millions of Americans have lost their jobs and their homes , and millions more Americans are on the verge of losing their jobs and homes .
There are approximately 5.5 unemployed Americans for every job opening .
RealtyTrac projects that there will be 4.5 million home foreclosures in 2010 .
The economic nightmare just keeps going from bad to worse .
The result is a massive horde of pissed off American voters .
As long as Americans are fat and happy and their wallets are full , most of them really could care less how involved the government is in their lives .
But when things go bad economically , all of a sudden the government becomes a major annoyance .
And this is not a Republican v. Democrat thing either .
The truth is that both parties have been radically expanding the size of the U.S. government for decades .
Both parties have been spending taxpayer money like there is no tomorrow .
Both parties have mortgaged the future of America to please their constituents .
Now average Americans from both parties are alarmed at how large the government has become and how badly it is screwing things up .
Just consider the following quote from USAToday.com ….
“ The government ’s been lying to people for years .
Politicians make promises to get elected , and when they get elected , they do n’t follow through , ” says Cindy Wanto , 57 , a registered Democrat from Pennsylvania who joined several thousand for a rally in Washington on April 15 — the tax filing deadline .
“ There ’s too much government in my business .
It was a problem before Obama , but he ’s certainly not helping fix it . ”
If he wants to get re-elected , the best thing that Barack Obama could do to get votes would be to get the U.S. government to spend as much money as humanly possible in a last ditch attempt to stimulate the U.S. economy with a flood of paper money .
That might work just long enough to get re-elected and buy himself another four years in the White House .
Of course that strategy would also likely create hyperinflation and would make the long - term financial problems of the U.S. government far , far worse .
But unless the American people start feeling a lot better about the economy , they are not going to look too kindly on anyone who is currently holding office either in 2010 or in 2012 .
Meanwhile , playing politics is more profitable than it ever has been .
Barack Obama and his wife Michelle raked in a cool 5.5 million dollars in 2009 .
Sarah Palin has earned approximately 12 million dollars since last July .
According to Forbes magazine , Glenn Beck made 32 million dollars in the 12 months ending March 1st .
Politicians may not be very popular these days , but it sure is a profitable racket if you can get into the club .
Republicans make a ton of money convincing millions of Americans that the Democrats are the cause of all the problems that they are experiencing .
Democrats make a ton of money convincing millions of Americans that that Republicans are the cause of all the problems that they are experiencing .
Meanwhile , both parties continue to pile up the biggest mountain of debt in the history of the world and continue to sell out the future of our children and our grandchildren .
Neither party seems interested in addressing the root causes of our national financial nightmare .
Instead , politicians from both parties seem to think that they can keep making all kinds of promises to get elected and then never delivering on them .
Well , the American people are starting to wake up to all of this nonsense .
Tens of millions of Americans are experiencing extreme financial pain and they are looking for answers .
Unfortunately , the U.S. economy is going to get a whole lot worse , and very few of the politicians in Washington have the guts to tell the American people the truth .
THERE is undeniable pleasure in a plain beef burger — juicy , tender , and well browned over a backyard grill — but there ’s even more in a jazzed - up one .
If you begin with pork , lamb or beef that you buy yourself and grind at home , and continue by adding seasonings aggressively , you ’re on your way to a summer full of great “ burgers ” which are , in essence , sausages in burger form .
In fact , I wondered while making ( and eating ) my first pork burger of the grilling season :
Why would anyone make a plain burger ?
Why would you begin with supermarket ground beef — whose quality is highly questionable and whose flavor is usually disappointing , if not depressing — and then cook it without much seasoning beyond a few crystals of salt ?
Ketchup , after all , does not fix everything .
Even adding mustard , pickles and so on , right down to mayonnaise , does n’t give you good - tasting meat .
Image Credit ... Francesco Tonelli for The New York Times
The question of how to improve on the basic burger is one I ’ve pondered since the mother of Mark Roth , my childhood best friend , first served me one laced with Worcestershire sauce and other exotic spices .
( Exotic for the late 1950s , at least , when even pepper grinders did not exist in the kitchens of most middle - class Jewish New Yorkers . )
My taste buds responded , and I began besieging my poor mother with demands for improved burgers .
In the years that followed , neither she nor I could duplicate Shirley Roth ’s concoction .
It could be time to ask Mrs. Roth for her recipe , but I do not want to risk disappointment .
Sound quality / Speakerphone
Software
The Studio
Battery life
Pricing / Wrap-up
Once we could get the phones to snap a picture , the results were mixed at best .
With the flash on or set to auto , the pictures ended up almost universally blown out , sometimes just revealing themselves on review as a white blur .
Both the One and Two are equipped with autofocus lenses , though the One seemed to struggle much less with focusing in on subjects .
On the other hand , its images looked more washed out to us .
To sum up , taking still photos with both Kin devices was a frustrating , unrewarding affair that yielded more bad than good .
Perhaps if the speed gets cranked up and that flash can be tamed in a future revision , the results may improve -- but for now , the moment you 'll be capturing the most is just after something really good happened .
Or just a flash of light .
On the video front , things did look a little bit up , especially in the case of the Kin Two .
As we mentioned , it 's capable of shooting 720 p video , and what we saw was n't completely cringe - worthy .
Still , there is some nasty compression going on ( which you have no control over ) , but on a bright day , we captured some pretty handsome shots which seemed well balanced as far as colors were concerned .
The One and Two have image stabilization , but it was n't exactly cranking on overdrive , and we had some really , really troubling wind noise ( as you can hear on the video ) .
Besides those minor problems , you can safely leave the Flip at home if you 've got the Two in your pocket ... just know that you can't up HD video to the Kin Studio -- you have to sync them with Zune on your PC , which goes firmly against Microsoft 's mantra with these products that everything you capture is instantly whisked into the cloud .
More on that in a moment .
So we 'll just be straight with you here -- we did n't get the overwhelming impression that Microsoft expects you to be talking a lot on these phones .
If the literature , ads , and general functionality of the One and Two tell us anything , it 's that phone calls are dead , and everyone is Facebooking like it 's going out of style .
Whether or not that attitude had any impact on the quality of the earpiece or speakerphone here is anyone 's guess ... but they certainly align perfectly , in that the sound quality of the phone seems like an afterthought .
The earpiece itself was decent enough , but we thought the speakerphone left quite a bit to be desired .
The Kin certainly is n't the only phone out there with poor speakerphone sound though , so this really did n't come as much of a shock to us .
Okay , this is the big fish .
The Kin was n't designed for early adopters of the most cutting edge hardware -- that 's obvious .
What it was designed to do , however , was work really well doing a couple of key tasks , most of them centered around social networking , photos and video , and some overarching concept of capturing your mobile / digital life in a whole new and easy manner .
Lofty goals indeed for a product like this , and unfortunately for everyone , Microsoft misses the mark by a long shot .
It 's not even close .
The user interface of the Kin is laid out in a deceptively simple manner .
When you first boot the phone , you 're asked for a username and password and then taken to your home screen .
Let 's talk for a moment about that login process : you may think that the Kin , like most modern phones , would be asking you for a preexisting username and password from something like Gmail or Yahoo !
so that you can pull in your email account and perhaps contacts .
It certainly seems like that 's what 's happening when you first turn the phone on -- however , that 's not the score .
What 's actually happening is that you 're creating a Windows Live account , one which the phone uses to sync your Studio data back and forth with .
You actually are never given the opportunity to add a Gmail or Yahoo !
account for anything but plain vanilla email ( unlike with webOS , Android , or the iPhone ) .
Therefore , if you 're a user of one of these wildly popular services , your only hope for adding your contacts is dumping a .csv file from your account , then uploading that to your Live account , then praying that somehow the magical contact fairy makes your dreams a reality .
We 're still waiting for our Live account to sync those contacts to our phone or Studio .
Now , back to the main phone operation .
The home screen ( or screens , rather ) consist of three panels which you gesture left or right to get into and out of .
In the center is the " Loop , " where you see Twitter , MySpace , Facebook , and RSS updates ; off to the right you have your favorite contacts , basically a grid of people you like talking to ; on the left is your " apps " page , which contains links to your camera , browser , email , and so on .
So far so good , right ?
In addition to your three main pages , you 've got a little clock in the right hand corner at all times , as well as a " recent " tab in the left corner -- both bring up pop -up menus , the latter giving you quick access to recent applications , and the former showing you the phone 's battery life status and network connections .
Oh , and down in the middle of the phone is a little dot called the " Spot " -- let 's try and explain what that does .
The Spot is meant to be a point on the device where you can drag all manner of content , and then share that content with friends .
For instance , you might want to send a text message to a group of friends .
Easy : just drag their faces onto the Spot , then click on it .
You 'll be taken to a page where you can send an email or an MMS or SMS message .
Simple enough .
You can also do more complex actions , like drag a Facebook or Twitter message , a URL , and a photo into this area , then drag your friends into the Spot and send them an email -- only an email -- with all that content .
It seems like a good idea , but in practice , it makes very little sense .
A video demo shown on the Kin site offers a scenario where you might drag a concert venue , a band 's MySpace page , a few photos you 've taken , and a friend 's status update to the Spot and then send an email about going to show ... but no one really works like that , and the Kin UI does n't make it any more logical .
It 's actually a really cumbersome way to communicate -- dragging one abstract thing towards another abstract thing does n't make more sense than deciding to send an email , typing a few addresses , and throwing some pictures or links into the message ... it just does n't .
You can't share those kind of mixed messages on Facebook or Twitter or MySpace either -- it 's strictly for email .
The more complex your combos get , the harder it is to get them out .
One thing we could n't do with the Spot was share music ( or even a link or snippet ) from the Zune app .
We wanted to drag a song to the Spot , but there is no Spot in the Zune player !
So much for " the social , " right ?
But the obtuseness of this user experience does n't stop with the Spot -- it permeates the entire interface as though decisions about how things should work were made almost arbitrarily , without anyone stopping to test them in the real world .
The Twitter implementation is a great example of that .
You can add your Twitter account to the phone and see updates from people you follow , and you can update your status from the top of the Loop ... but that 's all you can do .
You can't retweet something , you can't send a direct message , you can't go to single person 's feed to see all their updates , and you can't even open a link in a Twitter message from the Loop !
To do something as simple as look at an image someone has tweeted , you must first click on the tweet , then click " open in browser , " then wait for the tweet to load on twitter.com , then finally click the link to see the image or URL .
It 's a shocking omission for a phone which claims to be about nothing but social networking .
The basic premise of the Loop also presented problems .
The idea is that you can quickly glance at all of your friends ' updates and respond to them quickly , but it soon becomes a daunting task just trying to understand who is saying what .
The average Facebook user has 130 friends ( we tested with accounts of over 700 and 200 ) , Twitter adds noise to the mix , MySpace compounds it ... and the phone only updates every 15 non-user - adjustable minutes .
Sometimes less !
What happens is that you can't really keep track of any conversations , and your friends ( or in our case , lots of people you do n't really know ) become less about their individual voices , and more about random shouts in a big crowded room .
The Kin might be more appropriately called the Facebook or MySpace phone , since it seems to want to play nice with those two sites more than anything , but even when trying to comment on something on Facebook , upload a picture , or update our status , we ran into frustrating timeouts and stalls that made us want to throw the phone across the room .
Overall , it 's just a deeply , deeply frustrating and inconsistent experience .
Beyond the social networking aspects of the phone , we also take issue with the browser , which is abysmally slow and buggy ( it consistently crashed while trying to load any complex web pages like Engadget ) , and the email client , which seemed to have trouble displaying even the most rudimentary HTML messages .
The only real saving grace on the software side is the Zune app , which is identical to the Zune HD interface , but allows you to download music and movies over the air ( yes , even over 3G ) , which is almost worth the price of admission .
Almost , but not quite .
We had some Zune issues too , like the aforementioned lack of the Spot , the fact that it only displays in portrait mode ( except searches , which then forces you to do some weird rotating back and forth ) , and a situation with certain albums we tried to download which were " computer only " -- meaning it did n't matter if we had a Zune Pass or not .
We wish we had more to say on the " other " parts of the phone , but there 's just not much there .
No app store , no IM client , no games , no calendar ... not even visual voicemail or some carrier - hitched GPS app .
Teens still play games , do n't they ?
Microsoft says that down the road the Windows Phone and Kin ecosystems will merge , yielding software for these devices ... but they may be a long wait from what we can tell .
While using the One and Two we found ourselves consistently confused or surprised by how many bad little interface problems there are .
Not only does the phone make it hard to do simple tasks -- and not only are the social networking features poorly implemented -- but the handsets are often sluggish , hiccupy , and downright crash - prone .
We were told by the devices on more than one occasion that we needed to restart ( while performing basic tasks ) , and often it would just throw us a blank screen while we waited for the device to come back from whatever tragic internal situation was occurring .
It would be wonderful to say more good about the phone 's UI -- but we just can't .
One aspect of this family of devices that does show a lot of promise is the Kin Studio -- essentially an online repository of all of your SMS and MMS messages , call logs , photos , videos ( non - HD , one minute long clips ) , contacts , RSS feeds , as well as your social networking service updates .
The Studio interface is all handled by Silverlight , so it 's fairly robust .
We can definitely see a future where not only is your phone kept backed up in this fashion , but you also have access to voicemail , email , your music and video collection , and other bits of content you want to keep accessible ( something like Dropbox , but integrated ) .
It 's a great start , but of course it 's hindered by the devices themselves -- it 's hard to become invested in the ecosystem of the Kin phones when their actual performance is so off - putting .
It should also be noted that the syncing process takes a bit of time , and you never really know when your content will be available , which is a rather annoying aspect of the whole experience we hope Microsoft corrects .
You should have some control over when and how you send your photos and video to the cloud .
Microsoft told us that its goal was for users to be able to take off for a weekend road trip with these things and leave their chargers behind .
We did n't have a long time to test battery life , but in our experience both the One and the Two held up fairly well under heavy use .
In particular , the One was left off the charger quite a bit , yet still managed to go for more than two days with sporadic use .
We 'll chalk the better performance up to that heavily controlled sync schedule ( once every 15 minutes at the most ) .
When we first saw the Kin phones , the editors at Engadget ( and lots of other folks in the industry ) said that price would be the big question when it came to these phones .
If they really were destined for the hands of tweens and teens , then they would have to be offered at a price that was attractive to their parents , which means something decidedly below the standard smartphone deal : a device for $ 100 or $ 200 , plus a pricey data plan .
There seemed to be a general sentiment that if Verizon and Microsoft could partner on something that hit a lower price point for the devices coupled with a bargain - rate data package , they just might have a foot in the door , despite the obvious limitations of the device .
Even if that were true -- if a great price could cancel out the faults of these phones ( which it can 't ) -- Microsoft and Verizon have failed there as well .
The One and Two are being offered for $ 49.99 and $ 99.99 respectively after a $ 100 mail - in rebate ... and they must be coupled with a standard Verizon smartphone plan , which clocks in at $ 29.99 a month .
We were frankly shocked when we heard the pricing schemes ( you also need a voice plan , of course , which will set you back another $ 39.99 monthly ) .
To offer what is clearly so much less than a smartphone with a smartphone data plan is insulting to consumers , and doubly insulting considering who it looks like these phones are aimed at .
If you 're going to shell out this kind of money each month , it would be foolish to even consider these devices given the much , much better options out there .
Even counting out the iPhone or similar devices on other carriers ( many of which are rather attractive ) , just take a look at the offerings on Verizon right now .
You could get a Pre Plus -- an immeasurably better phone with much of the social networking integration of the Kin devices -- for $ 29 coupled with a smartphone and voice plan .
Or you could spend a little more upfront and get a BlackBerry Tour 9630 Incredible , or Droid Eris -- all much , much better phones with excellent social networking options .
The list really goes on -- and again , if you were a teenager or young adult with all of these great options laid out before you , the idea of choosing this severely limited device which does n't do a single thing better than even the most basic Android device is kind of crazy .
Microsoft has hinted that it wants to shake up the text - centric featurephone market with Kin , but guess what ?
You categorically cannot even fathom to do that when you 're charging for smartphone data .
It 's insulting to suggest otherwise .
And that about sums it up -- there are much better choices for much less money on the market , and Microsoft has n't demonstrated to us why you would choose this phone over those .
You could argue that the 720 p video recording is a hook , but our results were n't that outstanding , and we do n't know anyone who needs HD video on a phone so desperately that they 're willing to overlook all of these faults .
In the end , we 're left with two orphan devices -- phones that feel like they should have been killed before they made it to market , but somehow slipped through .
It 's clear to us from conversations we 've had with Microsoft that there are people at the company with good ideas about what phones should and should n't do , but we do n't feel the Kin is representative of those ideas .
The execution ( or lack thereof ) on these products makes us legitimately concerned about what the company will do with Windows Phone 7 .
We can only hope that the similarities between those devices and the Kin handsets do n't stretch much further than the " Windows Phone " label , because in our estimation , Kin is one side of the family that needs to be disowned ... quickly .
Andrew Motion , the former poet laureate , has dismissed suggestions from consultancy KPMG that libraries are " not very much used " and should be run by volunteers as foolhardy , outlandish and potentially catastrophic .
A new report from KPMG into public sector reform says that " giving councils total freedom on libraries could mean that they create huge social value from engaging a community in running its own library , backed up with some modern technology , whilst also saving large amounts of money on over - skilled paid staff , poor use of space and unnecessary stock " .
Speaking on the Today programme earlier this week , one of the report 's authors , Alan Downey , said that although " libraries are hugely important in the national psyche ... there is a problem with libraries , that they are not very much used and very expensive to run " .
" We 're not suggesting in this report that libraries should be closed down , we are saying that libraries and other community facilities might be better off if they 're run by [ a ] community that values them rather than by the state , " he said .
But Motion , who is chair of the Museums , Libraries and Archives Council , said that if the government were to take up the report 's suggestions , it would " harm the most disadvantaged " in the UK .
He stressed that maintaining libraries was fundamentally important .
" Of course money must be saved , and it will be saved , in the public library sector , but to put the whole thing at risk is absolutely the wrong step to take , " said the former poet laureate .
" Good libraries , like good anythings , need expert people working within them .
Maybe there is a role for some aspect of volunteering but all the central stuff must be done by people who are qualified to do it ... I think it would be a catastrophe . "
" Whether we are traditionalists about libraries or not , and I consider myself not , we ought to be able to accept that libraries are very important pieces of machinery for delivering to human beings what they need – information , pleasure , instruction , enlightenment , new direction in life .
They 're also joining up with services which help people with difficulty reading , and working with people learning English – to put all that in danger is exactly the wrong thing to do , " he said .
Although Motion " completely accept[ed ] " that this is a time " when we ought to be able to have a grown - up conversation about how things can be done differently " , he felt that " simply not to recognise what libraries fundamentally are , and what their potential is , as this report seems to do , is frustrating , in the view of all the work that has been done and the manifest values of these things " .
Motion said he hoped the government would n't " waste too much time " debating the " more outlandish suggestions " floated in the report " when there is a very challenging task ahead to deliver relevant , quality library services with less money " .
" There is no harm in society periodically asking itself which services should be publicly funded , and how they should be run , but it is a foolhardy notion that a modern economy would wantonly abandon resources that support learning and help build our potential as human beings , " he said .
" We are at a critical time .
A time for big thinking , not big mistakes that would set the country back and harm the most disadvantaged who need the best possible libraries and free access to books . "
WASHINGTON , April 10 , 2010  -- Peter W. Galbraith served as United Nations deputy envoy to Afghanistan from June to September 2009 .
He was fired after urging the U.N. to respond to what he described as " massive electoral fraud " committed by the Afghan Independent Election Commission during the 2009 national elections .
Recently , President Hamid Karzai admitted there was electoral fraud , but blamed Galbraith and other Westerners .
Here is Galbraith 's response in an exclusive to ABC News .
1 . Why do you think Karzai blamed you specifically for election fraud during last year 's national elections ?
I can't imagine why Karzai would accuse me of orchestrating the fraud .
As is well known , I thought the U.N. had a responsibility to prevent fraud in what were U.N. - funded and U.N. - supported elections .
My superiors felt so strongly that the U.N. should not get involved that Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon fired me .
Karzai's accusation that I was behind the fraud is therefore exceptionally bizarre .
He claims I committed the fraud -- involving more than one million phony Karzai votes -- so I could leak this to the media and weaken him .
Obviously it raises more questions about his state of mind than about anything I did .
It is interesting , though , that he now admits his re-election was fraudulent .
2 . Why do you think Karzai has recently been lashing out against the U.S. to Afghan officials and parliamentarians ?
Do you think there is credence to the idea that he is simply posturing himself as an independent leader who is the sole arbiter for reconciliation talks with the Taliban ?
Afghans see the same weird behavior that we do .
Afghans know Karzai's was not legitimately re-elected , and they wonder why he would make such improbable allegations [ and thereby draw renewed attention to the elections ] .
The NATO coalition is reasonably popular with many Afghans , and Afghans rightly worry that Karzai 's antics will alienate his country 's most important supporters .
3 . On Tuesday , the White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs declined to say whether Karzai is an ally or not .
Is he an ally ?
Yes , but not a useful one .
I think Gibbs was wrong to call Karzai the democratically elected leader of Afghanistan .
It undermines U.S. credibility when the White House says something Afghans know is not true .
4 . Do you think that U.S. public pressure from the Obama administration on Karzai to fight corruption helps or hurts the effort to achieve that end ?
Karzai has no desire to fight corruption and is not capable of so doing .
Stealing an election is the ultimate corrupt act as it enables all subsequent larceny .
Of course , the Obama administration has to make the effort but there is no prospect that it will make a material difference .
5 . What needs to be done to have an honest election in September ?
What are your expectations ?
Will we see honest elections this time ?
If Afghanistan 's electoral machinery remains unchanged , there is no prospect that the fall parliamentary elections will be honest .
Elections in Afghanistan are the responsibility of the Independent Election Commission ( IEC ) , which is not independent at all .
Karzai appoints the IEC members , and they do his bidding .
The IEC , or its staff , were complicit in every case of significant fraud in the 2009 presidential elections .
To make matters worse , Karzai promulgated a decree in February giving him the power to appoint all five members of the Electoral Complaints Commission ( ECC ) , a previously independent body that threw out hundreds of thousands of phony Karzai votes .
Fortunately , the West has enormous leverage over Afghanistan 's electoral processes .
Unless Western donors pay for Afghanistan 's elections , they can not be held .
The U.S. should provide no funds for Afghanistan 's elections until Karzai rescinds the decree giving him control over the ECC and until Afghanistan establishes a genuinely independent IEC with no Karzai appointees .
If the Obama administration is unwilling to be tough , Congress should place such a condition into the law appropriating election funding .
U.S. taxpayers provided $ 200 million to pay for the fraudulent 2009 presidential elections .
We were ripped off .
President Obama and the Congress should make sure that does not happen again .
Galbraith : ' I Feel Completely Vindicated '
6 . You were fired over your bringing allegations of fraud to your superior , Kai Eide , the U.N. special representative to Afghanistan .
As we become more aware that corruption is still an enormous problem in Afghanistan , do you feel somewhat vindicated in your decision to bring the allegations to light ?
I feel completely vindicated but that is small consolation .
It would be much better if the U.N. hierarchy had supported steps last summer that might have mitigated the fraud and avoided a prolonged political crisis that undermines all the U.S. and the U.N. seek to accomplish in Afghanistan .
7. Critics say you may be right about corruption in Afghanistan , but you are being pessimistic .
Is this true ?
True .
I see no prospects for improvement under current circumstances .
8 . What tools can effectively fight corruption in Afghanistan , as far as U.S. tools , or Afghan government action ?
The U.S. needs to recognize that stealing a national election is the most debilitating possible corruption .
The Obama administration and the Congress should use its financial leverage to make sure Karzai does n't steal this year 's parliamentary elections .
9 . How optimistic are you about the prospect of Afghan government reconciliation with the Taliban and other insurgent groups ?
I support negotiations with the Taliban leadership .
As we are unlikely to defeat them , negotiation is the only way to end the war .
At the moment , the Taliban must feel things are going their way .
They operate in more of the country than ever before , Karzai is visibly unglued , and domestic support for the Afghanistan war is eroding in key troop - contributing countries .
So , the Taliban may well believe they have more to gain from fighting than from negotiation .
Still , negotiations are worth a try .
10 .
You characterize the war in Afghanistan as one that can not be won nor lost .
Is this war a quagmire in your opinion ?
Yes .
We can't defeat the Taliban because we do n't have a credible local partner .
The Taliban , which is an entirely Pashtun movement , cannot take territory in the half of Afghanistan that is not Pashtun and they cannot take Kabul .
Some time ago I read about an awesome freeware city map generator for Windows .
But alas the creator ’s site is down for quite some time now and it ’s pretty hard to find a copy of the map generator on the web .
So when I finally found a copy , I decided to host a copy of the latest version of the Roleplaying City Map Generator at my Google Sites site for your convenience .
RPG City Map Generator ( . MSI ) 1788 k ( Download )
RPG City Map Generator ( . ZIP ) 1605 k ( Download )
By the way , if you know some interesting ( and preferrably free ) map creator software , please let us know in the comment section of this post !
Thanks !
Update : Several people reported that the zip file got somehow corrupted .
I reuploaded it and added the unzipped version .
Update # 2 : I uploaded the latest version of the software ( v5.40 ) and removed the ZIP download .
Thanks to Di for providing me with the latest version .
A man who agreed to donate part of his liver to help a sick relative died while undergoing the transplant procedure at Lahey Clinic in Burlington two weeks ago , the hospital said yesterday .
It was only the third death of an adult living liver donor in the United States in the two decades since the first procedure was done , according to two leading transplant surgeons .
A total of 4,036 have been performed .
While any surgery carries risks , specialists said the death of a living donor is especially upsetting because they are generally young and healthy and are undergoing an operation they do not need for the benefit of a family member or close friend .
Lahey , which has transplanted more livers from living donors than any other US hospital , declined to identify the donor or release further details of the May 24 fatality , including the condition of the recipient .
“ Families have informed the clinic of their desire to grieve privately , ’’ Lahey said in a statement .
“ Our deepest sympathies are with the families involved , ’’ Dr. David Barrett , the clinic ’s chief executive , said in an e-mail to employees .
“ Our thoughts today are also with the surgical team .
They are extraordinary caregivers dedicated to healing patients even in the most trying circumstances .
While we are saddened by this loss , we must continue our mission to offer life - saving treatment options like this to our patients . ’’
Lahey is conducting a review of what went wrong , and the hospital reported the death to the Massachusetts Department of Public Health , which has opened an investigation .
Department spokeswoman Julia Hurley said officials could not comment until the review is complete .
Lahey also reported the death to the United Network for Organ Sharing , which oversees organ transplants in the United States and is conducting its own review .
Liver transplants from living donors are commonly done in certain parts of the country , including New England , where the number of ill patients awaiting transplants greatly exceeds the supply of cadaver donors .
Doctors usually remove about 60 percent of the donor ’s liver and transplant it into the recipient .
Within several weeks , the liver in both patients almost completely regenerates .
Hospitals screen donors extensively for several months for physical and psychological health and to make sure they understand the risks and are making the decision without pressure and in an ethical manner .
A satellite image of developing weather outside the Gulf of Mexico
It does n’t take much to disrupt the jury - rigged system BP has designed to contain some of the oil spewing into the Gulf .
Just a few days ago an underwater remote operated vehicle bumped into a venting system , requiring BP to remove the containment cap for about half a day — during which time oil flowed from the well virtually unchecked .
But the real fear has been that a tropical storm or hurricane could hit the central Gulf of Mexico , potentially disrupting containment for days and causing havoc onshore .
And that ’s what forecasters are worried could happen next week .
A tropical depression is forming in the Caribbean , and forecasters at accuweather .com believe there ’s a chance it could become a tropical storm or hurricane and enter the Gulf of Mexico by early next week :
Meteorologists in the AccuWeather.com Hurricane Center are gearing up for what is likely to be the Atlantic basin ’s first tropical storm or hurricane over the next several days .
Regardless of the track of the feature , there will be some trouble in the oil slick area next week .
A zone of disturbed weather in the western Caribbean Sea as of Friday afternoon tracking west - northwestward through the weekend is the focus of most of their attention .
Hurricane hunter aircraft are investigating the area of disturbed weather at this time .
A northward turn of this feature would be of great concern for oil slick and Katrina anguished areas of the central Gulf Coast .
At his press briefing on Friday , Coast Guard Admiral Thad W.
Allen that it would take about five days to disconnect the drillship Enterprise — which is processing about 25,000 barrels of oil a day — from the broken well .
The Coast Guard would need to carry out the disconnection — and evacuate workers — if forecasts predicted gale force winds in the area .
( Gale force winds are 46 miles per hour or greater , which is slightly above the 39 miles per hour wind needed to declare a tropical storm . )
A storm of that size would likely force a halt to any surface skimming on the surface of the ocean , or contained burns — two other means to control the growth of the spill , and the two ships drilling relief wells would need to stop and return to port .
Between disconnecting the equipment , taking it to port and then reconnecting it over the spill site , Allen estimates that the well could be uncapped for two weeks in the case of a storm .
That would mean hundreds of thousands of barrels of oil spilling into the Gulf that would have otherwise been captured .
“ Of course , we ’re watching the story very closely , ” Allen said .
So are meteorologists , and they ’re worried , as the Wall Street Journal writes :
The scientific models show the storm taking a variety of tracks , some away from the well and toward Mexico , but others show it moving toward Louisiana .
Nevertheless , meteorologists maintain that the Gulf of Mexico is experiencing warmer - than - normal temperatures making it ripe for hurricane formation .
“ I can not emphasize enough that this storm will pose a serious threat to the all important efforts required to contain the country ’s worst oil spill disaster in history along with affecting operations across a large portion of the Gulf ’s energy production region , ” said Jim Rouiller , a senior energy meteorologist with Planalytics .
Allen said the spill responders will act “ out of an abundance of caution , ” and could move “ in advance of a declaration ” from weather authorities about the storm ’s strength .
But here ’s the really tricky thing : as Allen points out , the disconnection process takes so long that the Coast Guard and BP would likely have to move before forecasters are sure how strong a storm is and where it will be hitting .
That could mean false alarms , especially in a hurricane season as active as this one — there are expected to be 14 to 23 named storms , and eight to 14 hurricanes .
But the chances of the spill response getting through the season unharmed seems unlikely .
Worse , the oil spill might even amplify storms — the black slick on the Gulf could heat up the waters ( dark colors absorb more sunlight ) , and hotter water can equal stronger storms .
Of course , it ’s also possible that the oil slick could actually calm a developing storm by suppressing some of the evaporation needed to build a hurricane .
( The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has a great PDF factsheet on hurricanes and the storm — grab it here . )
The reality is that we do n’t really know what will happen if a hurricane hits an active oil spill like this one , because it ’s never happened before .
It could have some positive effects — the violence of the storm could disperse some of the fresh oil on the surface of the Gulf , aiding in its evaporation .
The winds could drive the slick away from the shore ; or , it could drive the oil onto the shore , which could be truly disastrous .
If the storm pushes oil deep into the shore wetlands of Louisiana , the damage could be unfixable — not to mention the fact that a storm would be hitting the coast at a time when natural barriers still have n’t recovered fully from Katrina and Rita in 2005 .
The Gulf coast is like a boxer who ’s been knocked down so many times they ’ve become punchdrunk — another uppercut could do lasting damage .
The good news is that as of Friday afternoon , forecasters believes that the storm was likely to miss the Gulf , passing to the West and hitting Mexico , as this graphic from accuweather .com shows :
But given the fact that the spill and its tortured response seems to be following Murphy ’s Law — everything that can go wrong will — do n’t be surprised if the weather changes track .
And if it does n’t — there ’s a lot of summer left .
'' This year we have particular reason to celebrate as 2010 will see the first official visit of His Holiness the Pope to Britain and also the fifth anniversary of the Gleneagles G8 summit where Christians of every denomination were instrumental in the securing greater justice for the poor .
My , how we do love a bad boy — and here are a baker 's dozen of some of the worst of the worst that scifi movies , TV , and videogames have to offer .
Advertisement
SNAKE PLISSKEN
IMPRISONED FOR : Armed robbery of a federal installation
Kurt Russell in Escape from New York
If you 're gonna spring a guy from the hoosegow to run hot and fast in a post - apocalyptic war zone , this is the guy you spring .
Of course , there 's gonna be hell to pay on the back end .
Advertisement
SIMON PHOENIX
IMPRISONED FOR : Murder , kidnapping , destruction of public property
Wesley Snipes in Demolition Man
While his sartorial crimes pale in comparison to his crimes against humanity — which include detonating a building filled with hostages — there 's no denying that he'd be inmate No. 1 in fashion prison .
JACK
IMPRISONED FOR : Murder , larceny , biotic - arson
Voiced by Courtenay Taylor in Mass Effect 2
Locked away for a rage - driven crime spree the likes of which the stars had never seen .
Dirty hot and crazy strong , Jack is the girl your penis is afraid of .
Advertisement
RICHARD B. RIDDICK
IMPRISONED FOR : Kidnapping and murder
Vin Diesel in Pitch Black , The Chronicles of Riddick
Strong like bull , crazy like fox , Riddick was so much more effective as a screen presence when we did n't know much about him — other than that he was the only passenger on the Hunter - Gratzner transport shuttle in chains .
And then they made that other movie , which offered us way too much of a good thing .
Advertisement
JAMES COLE
IMPRISONED FOR : Unknown
Bruce Willis in 12 Monkeys
Who else but a man praying for a pardon would agree to a one - way trip back in time to stop the end of the world ?
Advertisement
SID 6.7
IMPRISONED FOR : Everything
Russell Crowe in Virtuosity
He 's a computer - generated amalgam of dozens of the worst criminals imaginable , so I guess he was born bad .
And when he finds a way out of his digital prison into the real world , he goes the kind of predictably movie - crazy that only Denzel Washington can stop .
Advertisement
KHAN NOONIEN SINGH
IMPRISONED FOR : Attempted world - conquery
Ricardo Montalban in Star Trek 's " Space Seed , " Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan
Charming , handsome , ruthless , brilliant — Khan was the best of the supermen that wanted to carve up Earth during the Eugenics Wars of the 1990s .
Khan and his coterie escaped in a suspended - animation lifeboat called the Botany Bay , until Captain Kirk freed them — and almost lost the Enterprise in the process .
Kirk then sentenced him and his motley crew to exile on Ceti Alpha Five .
Which went well .
Advertisement
DESOLATION WILLIAMS
IMPRISONED FOR : General bad - assery
Ice Cube in John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars
Given that , early on in his career , Ice Cube only ever really played Ice Cube , the scariest aspect of Desolation Williams was that he came off like a banger from South Central who got stuck on Mars .
Advertisement
BEN RICHARDS
IMPRISONED FOR : Mass murder ( framed )
Arnold Schwarzenegger in The Running Man
Okay , he 's not an inmate for that long , and he did n't commit the crime for which he was convicted .
But it 's Ahnuld , with a beard , taking down that most evil of institutions , network television !
Advertisement
LEIA ORGANA
IMPRISONED FOR : Inciting rebellion
Carrie Fisher in Star Wars : Episode IV — A New Hope
Look at it this way , if not for how virginally tempting she looked in that prison cell , the Empire would 've won .
If she had n't enraptured both Han Solo and Luke Skywwalker ( ewww ) , then they would n't have joined the Rebellion .
And they never would 've destroyed the Death Star , which would then have been free to destroy planets willy - nilly .
Advertisement
ZOD , URSA , AND NON
IMPRISONED FOR : Treason
Terrence Stamp , Sarah Douglas , Jack O'Halloran in Superman II
Banished to the Phantom Zone for trying to take over Krypton , this terrible threesome got sprung by a rogue asteroid and found themselves on Earth , ready to do battle with the last son of Krypton .
Plus , they had impeccably trimmed facial hair and nifty shiny uniforms .
Advertisement
THOMAS ZAREK
IMPRISONED FOR : Terrorism
Richard Hatch on Battlestar Galactica
Who knew that when the Cylon Apocalypse came , one of the few ships to survive the attacks and join Adama and Roslin 's rag - tag fleet would be a prison ship ?
And who knew that biding his time on that ship would be a philosophically brawny malcontent who was willing to kill to get what he wanted ?
Advertisement
NUMBER 6 ( The Prisoner )
IMPRISONED FOR : Quitting his job
Patrick McGoohan in The Prisoner
Okay , yes , he was an agent of sorts for Her Majesty 's Secret Service , so he probably knew things that said secret service would n't want lolling about in the world .
But just because a fella wants a mid-career change is n't cause to lock him away in a mysterious Village he can't escape from , lest he get pounced by a giant ball .
ZOO magazine today apologised after their columnist Danny Dyer sparked outrage by telling a heartbroken boyfriend that he should ‘ cut his ex's face , so no one will want her ’ .
A spokesman for the magazine blamed Dyer 's words on an " extremely regrettable production error " .
Dyer himself reportedly hit back saying he was mis-quoted .
He said : " This is totally out of order , I am totally devastated .
" I have been completely misquoted .
This is not the advice I would give any member of the public I do not condone violence against women . "
In reponse to a letter from a 23 - year - old reader asking for advice on how to get over his split from his girlfriend , the actor , who appeared in football hooligan film Football Factory , wrote in his Ask Danny column :
“ You ’ve got nothing to worry about , son .
I ’d suggest going out on a rampage with the boys , getting on the booze and smashing anything that moves .
“ Then , when some bird falls for you , you can turn the tables and break her heart .
Of course , the other option is to cut your ex-s face , and then no one will want her … ”
News of Dyer 's advice sparked outcry on twitter .
blockbusterbuzz tweeted : " If this is meant to be a joke , it is n't remotely funny .
If it 's serious , it 's a criminal offence . "
lil_jo_c wrote : " Ca n't believe that Danny Dyer # Zoo piece .
What the hell were they thinking ?!
Just gross & if it is a joke , it seriously is NOT funny . "
Another tweeted : " Zoo magazine hits shocking low as Danny Dyer advises " " cut your ex's face ... no one will want her " .
A spokesman for ZOO said : " Due to an extremely regrettable production error , an inappropriate and indefensible response to a letter has appeared in this week 's issue .
" ZOO editor , Tom Etherington , apologises unreservedly for any offence the response may have caused and has launched an internal enquiry to ensure lessons are learnt .
" ZOO and Danny Dyer condemn any violence against women .
A donation will be made to Women 's Aid . "
Japan has sent a sophisticated probe to Venus to study its atmosphere in unprecedented detail .
The Akatsuki orbiter was put on a path to the inner-world by an H - IIA rocket launched from the Tanegashima spaceport in the south of the country .
The vehicle left its pad at precisely 2158 GMT ( 0658 local time Friday ) .
Akatsuki will arrive at Venus in December .
Key goals include finding definitive evidence for lightning and for active volcanoes .
It was the H - IIA 's second attempt at a launch .
A previous effort earlier in the week was aborted because of a thick covering of cloud at the Tanegashima facility .
Thursday 's get - away , by contrast , was made into a bright sky .
The 53 m - high rocket climbed south - east over the Pacific Ocean , its lift - off timed to the second to make sure Atkatsuki picked up the correct trajectory to make it out to Venus .
The H-IIA vehicle had a busy flight .
It also deployed five piggy - back experiments , including a small satellite to practise the technique of sailing on sunlight .
Once Akatsuki gets to Venus , it will not be alone .
The probe will conduct joint observations with a European Space Agency craft - Venus Express - that arrived at the planet in 2006 .
Planetary comparisons
Venus is almost identical in size to our planet , and is thought to have a similar composition .
But there the resemblance ends .
Image caption
The surface of Venus is hidden beneath thick cloud
A dense , largely carbon dioxide , atmosphere acts as a blanket , trapping incoming solar radiation to heat the planet 's surface to an average temperature of 460C ( 860 F ) .
Surface pressure is about 90 times that on Earth .
Several Soviet probes sent to Venus in the 1960s were crushed as they approached the surface .
By studying this hostile world , scientists hope to understand better how a warming future on our own planet might evolve .
" Although Venus is believed to have formed under similar conditions to Earth , it is a completely different world from our planet with extremely high temperatures due to the greenhouse effect of carbon dioxide and a super rotating atmosphere blanketed by thick clouds of sulphuric acid , " explained Takeshi Imamura , Akatsuki 's project scientist .
" Using [ Akatsuki ] to investigate the atmosphere of Venus and comparing it with that of Earth , we hope to learn more about the factors determining planetary environments . "
Volcano hunt
The thick Venusian atmosphere is opaque to instruments that operate at visible wavelengths and so the Japanese probe carries five cameras that are sensitive in the infrared and ultraviolet parts of the electromagnetic spectrum .
This instrument suite will enable scientists to investigate the clouds layer by layer .
AKATSUKI ( ' DAWN ' ) VENUS ORBITER
Will study atmosphere and surface
Size : 1.0 m by 1.4 m by 1.4m
Mass at lift - off : About 500kg
5 cameras ; 1 radio experiment
Designed for 4.5 - year life
Will sit in 300 km by 80,000 km orbit
The Japanese team wants to get a better understanding of why Venusian weather systems moves so swiftly .
" On Venus , a high - speed wind called super - rotation is blowing all over the planet , in the direction of planetary rotation , with a velocity reaching 400 km per hour at an altitude of around 60 km from the surface , " explained Dr Imamura .
" This wind blows 60 times faster than the planet 's rotation , which is very slow ( one full rotation takes 243 Earth days ) .
Akatsuki will investigate why this mysterious phenomenon occurs .
Another objective is to study the formation of the thick sulphuric acid clouds that envelop Venus , and to detect lightning on the planet . "
Infrared sensitivity can also be used to study surface composition .
Akatsuki will use this capability to try to find active volcanoes .
Europe 's Venus Express probe recently found lava flows that could have been younger than 250,000 years old .
Solar ' yacht '
Akatsuki's H-IIA rocket carried aloft a group of smaller satellites , some weighing just a few kilos .
A lot of interest has centred on a solar sail project called Ikaros ( Interplanetary Kite - craft Accelerated by Radiation Of the Sun ) .
Image caption
An artist 's impression of how Ikaros will look in space
In the coming days , this 320kg , 1.6 m - wide , disc - shaped spacecraft will deploy an ultra - light membrane .
The pressure of sunlight falling on this thin film should drive the disc out to Venus behind Akatsuki .
This type of " solar sailing " technique has long been touted as a means of moving spacecraft around the Solar System , or even just helping conventional satellites to maintain their orbits more efficiently .
The large sail ( 14 m along the square ) will also incorporate solar cells to generate power .
The mission team will be watching to see if Ikaros produces a measurable acceleration , and how well its systems are able to steer the craft through space .
The Ikaros team acknowledges that deploying the large sail and controlling it will be extremely difficult .
" We conducted many experiments on the ground , and also launched the film aboard a sounding rocket , " said project leader , Dr Osamu Mori .
" We even sent it high up in the sky in a big balloon , to spread the film in a near - vacuum environment .
We experienced many failures , but we kept searching for the most reliable deployment method , and that led us to the model we 've now built .
I believe it will be successful . "
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
We do n't know whether we should be terrified or overjoyed .
We 've just come across a video demo from the University of Pennsylvania 's GRASP Lab that shows an autonomous quadrotor helicopter performing " precise aggressive maneuvers . "
And trust us when we say , nothing in the foregoing sentence is an overstatement -- the thing moves with the speed and grace of an angry bee , while accompanied by the perfectly menacing whine of its little engine .
See this work of scientific art in motion after the break .
[ Thanks , William
New York ( CNN ) --
The pilot of a small aircraft was practicing landing when the plane crashed into an office building and burst into flames in Long Island , New York , Saturday afternoon , authorities said .
Emergency crews airlifted the pilot to Stony Brook University Hospital , where he was in serious condition with severe burns , according to Michael Stankunis , an assistant chief at the Bohemia Fire Department .
An ambulance transported the passenger , who sustained less serious injuries , he said .
The two - seater Beechcraft B19 plane was practicing landing at Islip MacArthur Airport in Bohemia , Long Island , and crashed half a mile from the end of the runway just after 3 p.m. , FAA spokesman Jim Peters told CNN .
A civilian helped pull the pilot and passenger from the aircraft , Stankunis said .
There were conflicting reports about whether a third person had been injured in the crash .
Peters said a person on the ground was injured , but Suffolk County Police said only the pilot and passenger sustained injuries .
Two businesses sustained minor damage , a Suffolk County Police spokeswoman said .
Richard Sottosanti , owner of nearby business RMS Off Road Inc. , said the plane snagged a power line and then slid into the ground , eventually hitting a commercial building .
" We heard the noise and immediately ran up the street to see if we could be of any assistance , " he said .
The FAA is currently investigating the incident .
Aspiring sf film makers , take note : " From June 4 through September 15 , 2010 , the Science Fiction + Fantasy Short Film Festival will accept short film submissions , up to 15 minutes in length , that have been produced after 2006 for entry into the competition .
Multiple submissions will be accepted according to the rules and regulations .
Submissions will be judged based on originality , quality , artistic merit , innovation , voice , style and narrative .
The festival will accept animated or live - action submissions in science fiction ( examples : futuristic stories , space adventure , technological speculation , social experiments , utopia and dystopia ) and fantasy ( examples : sword and sorcery , folklore , urban fantasy , magic , mythic adventure ) .
The festival welcomes submissions that step outside the boundaries of reality and inspire a sense of wonder .
The festival will not accept horror submissions .
Submissions are accepted through Withoutabox . "
Science Fiction + Fantasy Short Film Festival
( Thanks , Emily ! )
You have some free time , you are home alone , and usually do n’t play games , but you feel like it right now .
You are trying to find a good game to play , but do n’t know which one to pick ; there are so many .
Computer you are …
While other oil giants like Exxon Mobil and Chevron shy away from big market wagers , BP employs a diverse array of bets as part of its strategy .
Its market wagers on crude oil , gasoline or natural gas can use both physical supplies as well as paper petroleum  in the form of futures contracts and other derivatives .
Even in the outsize world of Wall Street , this is a huge market .
More than 137 billion barrels of oil changed hands on the Nymex exchange last year , making it a multitrillion - dollar market , while energy derivatives on the more lightly regulated over - the - counter markets account for a trillion dollars more , according to the Bank for International Settlements .
BP and Shell , another major trader , declined to disclose the size or profitability of their trading units , but experts say BP ’s operation is twice Shell ’s size and much more active in the American market .
In a 2005 Securities and Exchange Commission filing , BP disclosed that it earned $ 2.97 billion from overall trading in 2005 , with $ 1.55 billion coming from the oil market and $ 1.31 billion from bets on natural gas .
Analysts estimate that BP ’s trading profits have remained in the $ 2 billion to $ 3 billion range since then , which would be slightly less than 20 percent of the company ’s $ 16.7 billion in earnings in 2009 .
Image Traders at the New York Stock Exchange as the chief of BP , Tony Hayward , was testifying before Congress on June 17 .
Credit ...
Brendan McDermid / Reuters
“ They are the 800 - pound gorilla in their market and the perception is they do n’t let you forget it , ” said Stephen Schork , president of the Schork Group , an industry trading and research firm .
But that swagger has faded since the April 20 accident in the gulf .
With their bonuses likely to be decimated by the company ’s financial problems , many BP traders are eyeing opportunities at Wall Street firms or with companies overseas .
They are among the most sought - after professionals in the sharp - elbowed world of energy trading desks .
Riversimple hopes that by 2015 it will have manufactured a four - seater version of the car which can be used safely on motorways and for long journeys .
By 2020 , it plans to have tens of thousands of cars on British roads .
Open Letter
Date : Sun , 7 Sep 1997 11:22:41 -0400
To : Steve Jobs < sj@pixar.com >
From : Ric Ford < ricford@macintouch.com >
Subject : Open Letter about Apple Future
Sunday , Sept. 7 , 1997
Good Morning , Steve -
We met briefly and pleasantly many years ago at a Macintosh event , which I 'm sure you do n't remember .
I expect , though , that you have seen the MacInTouch web site and my critical response to the recent Apple licensing actions you drove .
My response comes out of an intense , 12 - year involvement with the Macintosh and tens of thousands of Mac customers ( and partners ) .
It comes from my concern that your actions are driving the Macintosh platform to a position where it will no longer be vital .
And it comes from your public statements last year that you consider the Mac dead and gone , worthy only of " milking for all it 's worth . "
Tongue in cheek , I suggested that you might be crazy and in the same breath wrote what I really think :
You have a secret plan , as you did in 1983 before you introduced the Macintosh .
What 's different now is this : I have a 12 - year perspective on how Apple can screw up good technologies and waste good talent , and I now have a family and career dependent on the Macintosh .
I can no longer afford blind faith .
Like millions of other people , I have to make major personal and business decisions about the future .
My business is supporting and analyzing computer systems , and I have to choose a computing platform that will be as rewarding as possible personally while being realistic economically .
Your actions have been confusing and threatening , and , for whatever reason , you have not shared your plan for Apple 's future .
I invite you now to do that .
I 'm going to pose essential questions , along with my best guesses at the answers .
I hope you can provide real answers - concrete and truthful answers on which the Macintosh community can make informed choices about the future .
If you cannot do that , we will continue to seek answers using whatever resources we can , until decisions about a future computing platform are unavoidable .
( This may not be long . )
I want to thank you now for all that you have contributed to this community , and I truly hope that you can offer us , very soon , a realistic and detailed plan for a better computing future .
Sincerely yours ,
Ric Ford
Questions about Apple Future :
1 ) What is the future of PowerPC - based Macintosh systems as we know them today ?
Will this business continue to contract in sales , development and market share ?
Guess 1 : You have burned your bridge with Motorola , and you are not willing to invest much in the Macintosh as we know it .
You consider it old technology and a cash cow to be milked for new projects .
2 ) What is the future of Rhapsody ?
What will it cost ?
What will its application base be ?
How will it compete with Windows ?
On what hardware will it run ?
When , realistically , will a Rhapsody platform support a business the size of today 's Mac business ?
Guess 2 : You plan to continue with Rhapsody as a cross-platform replacement for the Macintosh , and you are focussing more on Intel hardware than on PowerPC hardware .
Apple will produce some new PowerPC systems in the next year , but the strategy is to move to Intel .
You expect to run current Macintosh applications within a Rhapsody " blue box , " and you have some big names - Microsoft , Adobe and Oracle - lined up to produce Rhapsody software .
Rhapsody will be expensive to license , will have hardware compatibility limitations worse than Windows NT and will not supplant the Macintosh industry for several years , if at all .
3 ) What are you planning with Network Computers , and how does that relate to the Macintosh and Rhapsody ?
On what hardware will they run ?
Guess 3 : You think NCs represent a revolution as big as the Macintosh , and you plan to lead that revolution .
You plan to tie NCs to Rhapsody servers , and you have deals with software developers ( Adobe , Microsoft and Oracle ) to supply application software that will jump - start the whole thing .
The current Macintosh is irrelevant to this project , except as a source of funds .
4 ) What is the economic engine that will drive your vision of the future ?
Guess 4 : You will milk the current Macintosh for all the profit you can , minimizing expenses in every way possible .
You will keep all Mac , Rhapsody and NC technology under tight Apple control , but you will partner with Intel for the hardware of your new systems and with Microsoft , Adobe and Oracle for software .
You will pay licensing fees to Adobe for Display Postscript .
You will control the middle API / ROM layer and will manufacture new computers in high volumes under the Apple brand .
Together with your partners , you expect to generate huge revenues from hardware and software sales and to achieve high profit margins through your management of the businesses and technologies .
5 ) What will happen to Mac customers and business partners ?
by Naomi Kanakia
Gopal knew before he booted up the game — a Christmas present from his dad — that his character would be some form of elf or human , because the other races were all ugly , and he did n’t play games to be ugly .
And he knew too , although he did n’t say it , that his character would be a girl .
He always played girls online , although he’d be ashamed if anyone knew it , precisely because it played into the online belief that most girls in most games were “ really ” men .
General McChrystal is gone but the war bleeds on to no purpose .
It can not be won .
But this is n't about that .
This is about the politics .
In the past weeks some curious events have taken place .
A theme has begun to emerge and coalesce with reports that there are a trillion dollars worth of natural resources in Afghanistan .
Why did that suddenly become news ?
The facts had been known .
And the relevance apparently is that those natural resources somehow justify the continuing quagmire .
As if another nation 's natural resources somehow are our business .
Literally .
But has anyone even asked why our tax dollars were being spent exploring the potential resource value in a foreign and sovereign nation ?
Then , General David Petraeus began hinting , once again , that he's not so sure about President Obama 's planned begin date for withdrawal from Afghanistan .
Which , itself , always has been a bit opaque and malleable .
Republicans have begun questioning the strategy .
Which , very notably , few had been doing before withdrawal became part of the discussion .
Which leads one to believe that it's not the strategy that makes them uncomfortable , it 's the withdrawal .
And then came McChrystal .
And once again , it was a question of timing .
Congress soon will vote on the war supplemental .
And despite there being little good news and plenty of bad , you can be sure that the war will continue to be funded .
With more troops now on the ground , and Congressional elections just months away , you can be certain that the war will continue to be funded .
But what about a year from now , when the drawdown is at least supposed to begin ?
We know what will happen .
The neocon chickenhawks will squawk .
The McChrystals will be enraged that their war may be taken away from them .
The military contractors and their propagandists in the traditional media will question the patriotism of anyone suggesting we need to get our troops out .
And the vast majority of our troops will do what they always do .
Which is what General McChrystal did n't do .
Which is respect the chain of command .
Even if some privately disagree with what it commands .
President Obama made a terrible mistake , when he again chose to escalate the war .
But this is not about the policy , it 's about the politics .
And he made a mistake there , too .
His intentions , no doubt , were honorable .
But the disaster he inherited was not fixable .
According to news reports , at the time , his most senior advisors were split .
Vice President Joe Biden and Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel were said to have opposed the escalation .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was said to have supported sending the number of troops General McChrystal requested .
The President , as he so often does , tried to find a middle ground .
His intentions , no doubt , were honorable .
But the policy was a mistake .
There never was a middle ground .
On the policy , it did n't matter how many troops the President sent .
He could have sent twice the number General McChrystal requested , and the war still would have been unwinnable .
But politically , by sending more troops but not as many as General McChrystal requested , he opened himself up to criticism from both sides .
As the war continued to deteriorate , it became increasingly obvious that escalating was the wrong choice .
But it left the hawks the false excuse that although he sent more troops , he did n't send enough .
You will hear that argument .
You can count on it .
Careers will be judged on this disaster , and no one will want to accept the blame .
The hawks will say they could have won this war , if only the President has sent enough troops .
Because of that , on political grounds , Clinton may have been right .
If there was going to be an escalation , it might as well have been exactly as requested by the general .
That way , there would have been no one else to blame , when the inevitable happened .
On policy grounds , of course , the President should have listened to Biden and Emanuel .
But that 's now the past .
The question is what happens , going forward .
The war must end , and the President must figure out a way to end it .
Not by starting a tortuously slow , phased withdrawal , but by initiating a complete withdrawal , as expeditiously as is logistically possible .
He needs to recognize that the war was unwinnable , and that nothing he could have done would have changed that .
He needs to figure out a way to explain that to the American people .
He tried , and then he realized that it already was too late .
But the war must end .
And he must end it .
And he must prepare for the inevitable political onslaught .
Because failure to do what must be done will be even worse , both as policy and politics .
On politics , it could turn 2012 into a post - modern 1968 .
The hawks wo n't let this war go .
They do n't want to be remembered the way the military commanders of Viet Nam are remembered .
They only reluctantly accepted the withdrawal from Iraq because they thought they would save face in Afghanistan .
Take away Afghanistan , and all their warrior dreams are shattered .
But this is n't about saving face or fulfilling dreams .
This is about doing what is right .
For now , keep a close watch for further evidence of attempts to preempt the narrative of withdrawal .
There will be more .
It will slowly increase in frequency and volume .
You do n't introduce new products in August .
But the new product will be introduced .
It will be a demand to stay the course .
To be patient .
Things will improve .
Eventually .
Some day .
And the more the President resists those demands , the more intense they will grow .
The politics could get ugly .
And about a year from now , one of those hawkish generals just might end up deciding that the only way to change the chain of command is to enter civilian life and challenge the President on his own terms .
Via politics .
Which would make Afghanistan one of the defining issues of the 2012 election .
( Natural News ) Doctors suffer in secret from a wide range of physical and mental health problems including addiction , according to the findings of a new health program in the United Kingdom .
The Practitioner Health Program ( PHP ) was set up in response to concerns that health professionals were self - medicating or avoiding treatment for serious health problems , out of fear of being stigmatized if they visited a colleague for help .
The program provides confidential health services , and so far has been judged a success . " From the number of patients accessing PHP during its first year , it 's clear there is a need for this highly specialized service , " said England 's chief medical officer , Sir Liam Donaldson .
" This has been a real eye - opener , " said PHP medical director Clare Gerada .
" I thought at first we'd see a bit of stress and burn - out .
But it soon became apparent how troubled some of these doctors and dentists were .
I 've been surprised at the degree and extent of substance misuse that we 've seen .
"
Of 184 patients treated in the program 's first year , 36 percent suffered from some form of addiction .
" We are seeing every drug under the sun , " Gerada said .
" Ketamine , methadrone , amphetamines , heroin , every drug you have ever heard of is coming through the door .
" More than 80 percent of those treated for addiction by the PHP have recovered , in contrast with the 10 percent success rate in the general population .
Sixty - two percent of PHP patients treated suffered from mental health problems , including six previously undiagnosed cases of psychosis .
Two patients were reported to the General Medical Council out of fear that they might harm patients , and six others were encouraged to self - report .
Five doctors temporarily ceased practicing upon recommendation from the PHP .
" They 're not the easiest patients in the world -- and behind them are patients who could potentially be harmed , " Gerada said .
The types of professionals most commonly seeking treatment were psychiatrists , pediatricians and anesthetists .
Sources for this story include : www.telegraph.co.uk/health/healthnews/710241...
news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/8488192.stm.
Mafia 2 Hands - on Preview
It 's OK , there are Chavs inside
They see me rollin '
, Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 August 2010 is n’t anything new .
A big , open sandbox , a bunch of story missions that leave you free to explore and explode the map in between them and some pleasantly distracting side missions and areas to pad things out ; this is old hat .
It ’s not even the first time 2 K Games has done it – in fact , sandboxes like this are arguably what 2 K Games does best and most often .
Realising that , it ’s sometimes hard to stay excited aboutUntil you play it , anyway .
Then it dawns on you just howthe game is and how slickly it ’s been put together .
It ’s that slickness which is ’s most important attribute , as it ’s what separates it from the likes ofand ’s main strength was how evocative it was – or , how great the empty expanses were at conjuring the feeling that you were a real cowboy .
’s advantage was the quantity of it ’s content and the fact that you could beat up prostitutes .
benefits mainly from how smoothly all the different elements have been put together , and how gloriously complete and stylish the world feels .
There are lots of little bits which work towards this effect – the long , billowing trench coats , the fact that the weapons sound authentic and feel suitably lethal and hard to wield , not to mention the script which deals with clichés without ever relying on stereotypes .
Mainly though , it ’s down to two very simple things : the cars and the music .
The soundtrack is amazing , with tunes appropriate to the period , both new and old – the first thing we asked 2 K ’s rep when we finished playing was whether a soundtrack CD would be made available .
Unfortunately , there was no definite answer at that point .
As for the cars , it ’s hard to pin down exactly what makes them feel so fantastic , mainly because they ’re so perfectly balanced that no particular attribute stands out .
They control smoothly on PC , but can also be spun into unmanageable handbrake turns when needed .
They are n’t fast like the supercars of modern day , but nor are they so slow that you grind your teeth and consider sticking the accelerator key down with a bit of Blu - Tack .
They look the part and fit in with the era , but they are n’t just boxy replicas .
They ’re… just wonderful .
There are other areas of the game worthy of note too - bigger , more content - rich sections - but driving is a big part of any sandbox game .
The walking around parts ofcould be the best ever , but if the driving is rubbish , then the game as a whole will be significantly weakened .
Thankfully , the cars are brilliant and the biggest single note we jotted down during ourpreview time was ‘ Cars feel beautiful !
’Scrawled just below that little notation was a little addendum too , which referred to the way thatrequires you to take close care of your transport – it read ‘ Engine / Petrol Hmm ’ .
That ’s shorthand for ‘ requires you to get out of your car and fix the engine if you take too much damage to your vehicle , as well as refill the petrol tank lest you run dry .
This is an interesting and immersive element to mix into the game , but could potentially become a pain if not balanced correctly .
Thankfully , the engine repair feature adds tension to drawn - out car chases and I only ran out of petrol once in a two - mission period .
Thus , it does n’t seem to be a big problem .
’Is n’t shorthand brilliant ?
VARSLER VEISKILLE :
Det kommer til å bli hard kamp om ressursene i helsesektoren , spår helsedirektør Bjørn - Inge Larsen .
Foto : FRODE HANSEN
Pasienter med alvorlige sykdommer kan få nei
Pasienter med hjertesvikt , kreft og kols risikerer i framtiden stadig oftere å avslag på kostbar behandling .
5. juni 2010
Artikkelen er over ti år gammel
- Vi står ved et tidsskille , sier helsedirektør Bjørn - Inge Larsen som varsler hardere kamp om ressursene i helsesektoren i tiden framover .
Han sier at noen av de største pasientgruppene må belage seg på oftere å få nei til behandlingsformer fordi de er for dyre .
Han nevner spesielt hjertepasienter , kreftpasienter og kols - pasienter , ifølge Aftenposten .
VGD : Diskuter helsespørsmål her
Selv om Norge er et av verdens rikeste land , vil vi i framtiden heller ikke ha råd til ubegrenset behandling , både fordi prisen på avansert medisinsk utstyr skyter i været , og fordi eldrebølgen vil spise opp mye av veksten i helsebudsjettene .
Larsen tror også at vi i framtiden må revurdere hvor mye penger som brukes på å forlenge livets aller siste fase for døende , ofte svært gamle mennesker .
Publisert : 05.06.10 kl. 09:14
Les også
Mer om Helse
The sun is about to get a lot more active , which could haveill effects on Earth .
So to prepare , top sun scientists met Tuesday to discuss thebest ways to protect Earth 's satellites and other vital systems from the comingsolar storms .
Solar storms occur when sunspots on our star erupt and spewout flumes of charged particles that can damage power systems .
The sun'sactivity typically follows an 11 - year cycle , and it looks to be coming out of aslump and gearing up for an active period .
" The sun is waking up from a deep slumber , and in thenext few years we expect to see much higher levels of solar activity , " said Richard Fisher , head of NASA 's Heliophysics Division .
" At the sametime , our technological society has developed an unprecedented sensitivity to solarstorms .
The intersection of these two issues is what we 're getting togetherto discuss . "
Fisher and other experts met at the Space Weather EnterpriseForum , which took place in Washington , D.C. , at the National Press Club .
Bad news for gizmos
People of the 21st century rely on high - tech systems for thebasics of daily life .
But smart power grids , GPS navigation , air travel , financial services and emergency radio communications can all be knockedout by intense solar activity .
A major solar storm could cause twenty times more economicdamage than Hurricane Katrina , warned the National Academy of Sciences in a2008 report , " Severe Space Weather Events ?
Societal and EconomicImpacts . "
[ Photos : Sun storms . ]
Luckily , much of the damage can be mitigated if managersknow a stormis coming .
That 's why better understanding of solar weather , and theability to give advance warning , is especially important .
Putting satellites in ' safe mode ' and disconnecting transformerscan protect electronics from damaging electrical surges .
" Space weather forecasting is still in its infancy , butwe 're making rapid progress , " said Thomas Bogdan , director of the NationalOceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) 's Space Weather Prediction Centerin Boulder , Colo .
Eyes on the sun
NASA and NOAA work together to manage a fleet of satellitesthat monitor the sun and help to predict its changes .
A pair of spacecraft called STEREO ( Solar TerrestrialRelations Observatory ) is stationed on opposite sides of the sun , offering acombined view of 90 percent of the solar surface .
In addition , SDO ( the SolarDynamics Observatory ) , which just launched in February 2010 , is able tophotograph solar active regions with unprecedented spectral , temporal andspatial resolution .
Also , an old satellite called the Advanced CompositionExplorer ( ACE ) , which launched in 1997 , is still chugging along monitoringwinds coming off the sun .
And there are dozens more dedicated to solar science .
" I believe we 're on the threshold of a new era in whichspace weather can be as influential in our daily lives as ordinary terrestrialweather . "
Fisher said .
" We take this very seriously indeed . "
SEE MORE :
SEE MORE : Crime & Justice
Share This Story
More from The Onion
Just discovered this embodiment of awesome last night .
After a great deal of looking upon looking , coupled with consulting my X - Men expert friend , I think I 've got them all .
In ( more or less ) rows from top to bottom :
FIRST ROW
Reverend Lionel Preacherbot as Deadpool
The Mad Hatter as Arcade
Ethan " Bubblegum " Tate as Gladiator
The Orphanarium Gang as Magik ( Sally ) , Blink ( Sam ) , Magma ( Nina ) , and Sunspot ( Albert ) ( L-R )
Malfunctioning Eddie as Warlock
Guenter as Banshee
SECOND ROW
Kwanzaabot as one of the Riders of Apocalypse
Calculon as Iceman
Linda van Schoonhoven as Polaris
Santa as a Sentinel
Turanga Leela as Phoenix
Sinclair 2 K as Thunderbird
Tinny Tim as Cable
Lisa as Boom Boom
Zapp Brannigan as Magneto
The Robot Mafia ( Donbot , Joey Mousepad , and Clamps ) as the Hellfire Club Minions
Angleyne as Wanda Maximoff , the Scarlet Witch
Flexo as Quicksilver
THIRD ROW
Larry , Walt , and Igner as the Hellions
Michelle as Black Queen
Mom as Emma Frost
The Robot Devil as Mr. Sinister
Dwight Conrad as Sunfire
Hattie McDoogal as Rogue
Humongous Gelatinous Blob as ... Blob
Scruffy as Gambit
Roberto as Pyro
Kif Kroker as Toad
DOESN'T REALLY FIT ABOVE OR BELOW
Cubert Farnsworth as Cannonball
FOURTH ROW
Hermes Conrad as Bishop
April as Lilandra Neramani
Seymour as Beast
Lrrr , Ruler of the Planet Omicron Persei 8 , as Sabretooth
Ndnd as Mystique
Professor Ogden Wernstrom ( " WERNSTROM ! " ) as Sebastian Shaw
The Nibblonians as Multiple Man
Richard Nixon as Juggernaut
The Hyperchicken as Archangel
Umbriel as Meggan
Edna as Lady Deathstrike
FIFTH ROW
Bender as Colossus
Countess de la Roca as Shadowcat
LaBarbara Conrad as Storm
The Grunka - Lunkas as Husk , Penance , Jubilee , M , Skin , and Chamber ( L- R )
Morbo as Omega Red
URL as Avalanche
SIXTH ROW
Petunia as Dazzler
Hedonismbot as Mojo
Sal as Longshot
Elzar as Spiral
Dr. Zoidberg as Wolverine
Amy Wong as Psylocke
Philip J. Fry as Cyclops
The Hypnotoad as Havok
Professor Hubert Farnsworth as Professor X
Turanga Morris as Nightcrawler
Turanga Munda as Callisto
and Nibbler as Lockheed
Bravo , sir .
Favorite .
IMF chief calls for elite to exploit economic crisis in order to impose fascist world government
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , May 17 , 2010
During a recent speech at a conference of elitists in Zurich Switzerland , IMF chief Dominique Strauss - Kahn called for the introduction of a global currency backed by a global central bank which would act as the “ lender of last resort ” in the event of a severe economic crisis , which would represent another lurch towards fascist centralization of power by financial terrorists busy exploiting the fiscal chaos they created in order to impose world government .
Stating that “ crisis is an opportunity , ” Strauss - Kahn said that globalists should exploit the financial chaos plaguing the world in order to push for “ a new global currency issued by a global central bank ” .
Strauss - Kahn said that this global currency would represent a “ risk - free asset for the system independent of national currencies , ” and that a “ global central bank could also serve as a lender of last resort ” .
The IMF chief is basically arguing for an expanded model of a system that is habitually used to swallow up and turn entire countries into debt slaves to the IMF .
Of course , the fact that global economic governance has proven to be fraught with instability in light of the euro crisis , with concerns about the single currency ’s survival spreading like a virus as a result of the Greece disaster , is irrelevant to globalists , who are still trying to pose as the saviors with their “ solution ” of more centralization of power and more global governance , despite the fact that this is what caused the problem in the first place .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
As we have previously highlighted , globalists are intent on exploiting the financial crisis to set up a ‘ bank of the world ’ that will be used to further centralize financial regulatory power and control over national economies for the administrative convenience of central bankers .
In April 2009 the Washington Post reported on plans to turn the IMF into “ a veritable United Nations for the global economy , ” giving it “ vastly expanded authority to act as a global banker to governments rich and poor . ”
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
While there is no question about the agenda to implement a bank of the world , elitists are still infighting about precisely which institution will run the show .
During a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations last month , European Central Bank head Jean - Claude Trichet called for the Bank for International Settlements to be used as the de facto global bank .
As we highlighted , the BIS is a notoriously corrupt institution that was founded and run by top Nazis in league with British and American industrialists during and after the second world war .
Power brokers who controlled the BIS included men such as Herman Schmitz , the director of IG Farben , whose subsidiary company manufactured Zyklon B , the pesticide used in Nazi concentration camp gas chambers to kill Jews and political dissidents during the Holocaust .
Another director of the bank was Walter Funk , who was appointed Nazi propaganda minister in 1933 before going on to become Hitler ’s Minister for Economic Affairs .
Another BIS director during this period was Emil Puhl , who as director and vice - president of Germany ’s Reichsbank was responsible for moving Nazi gold .
Both Funk and Puhl were convicted at the Nuremberg trials as war criminals .
Despite the fact that the BIS was also run by American and British industrialists and bankers , according to author Charles Higham , the bank became , “ A money funnel for American and British funds to flow into Hitler ’s coffers and to help Hitler build up his war machine . ”
Today , the BIS is headed by the world ’s central bankers , people like Federal Reserve chief Ben Bernanke and Bank of England head Mervyn King , as well as Trichet himself .
There is no doubt that the elite are pushing for a global central bank and a global currency – the only issue in their eyes is whether this bank will be controlled by the predatory IMF or the Nazi - founded corrupt BIS , which in either case would represent another dangerous lurch towards authoritarian world government run by financial terrorists who have feverishly set about exploiting the financial crisis their policies created in order to lock in global economic fascism .
This article was posted : Monday , May 17 , 2010 at 7:31 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
She 's the Grand Old Lady of the Loch – a female osprey who has now returned for a record 20th consecutive year to her Scottish nesting site .
The bird has again completed the 3,000 - mile migration from her wintering grounds in West Africa to her summer breeding territory at Loch of the Lowes in Perthshire , confounding wildlife experts in the process .
At the ripe old age of 25 years old , she has lived more than three times the average lifespan of an osprey .
The fish hawks began breeding again in Scotland in the 1950s after being driven to near extinction .
The bird is thought to be the oldest breeding female of her kind ever recorded in the UK .
Ospreys ' lives are often cut short by one of the numerous hazards they face on their long migrations to and from West Africa .
The total distance she has travelling during her yearly migrations could have taken her more than half way to the Moon .
" We are truly amazed at the tenacity and endurance of this particular female osprey , " said Emma Rawling , Perthshire ranger of the Scottish Wildlife Trust .
" Defying her age , she has made it back to us again , and from initial sightings she looks like she is in remarkably good condition .
She is now waiting for her mate to arrive to begin her 20th breeding season . "
Over the years , Ms Rawling said , this one bird has laid 55 eggs , 46 of which hatched into chicks which have now left the nest .
" She is a hardy old bird , that 's for sure , and I can't wait to watch her progress over the next few months , " she said .
The osprey was spotted landing on her usual tree - top nesting site , known as an eyrie , at 2 pm on Tuesday .
It is expected that her regular breeding partner , a male osprey identified with a green leg ring , will arrive within a week .
This resident male will then chase away any other interloping males before initiating the breeding process .
" Usually after mating , we would expect the female to lay between two to four eggs in early April , and six weeks later the eggs should hatch , " Ms Rawling said .
" However , as a very old bird , her fertility is now in doubt .
We will be watching the nest with bated breath to see if our female can hatch any chicks again this year . "
Once the first egg is laid , Scottish Wildlife Trust staff , aided by nearly 70 volunteers , will stage a round - the - clock watch to safeguard the ospreys and their eggs from threats including thieves and poachers who steal unhatched eggs for private collections .
Using a camera hidden in the bird 's nest , live footage of the events within will be aired over the course of the season , both in the Loch of the Lowes visitor centre , near Dunkeld on Tayside , and on the Scottish Wildlife Trust website .
" More than 20,000 visitors come to Loch of the Lowes each year to enjoy watching the osprey , and our high definition nest camera makes viewing the action a far more exciting and intimate experience , " said Peter Ferns , the visitor centre manager .
Once a common sight in Britain , the osprey was all but extinct by 1916 because of persecution .
After receiving a renewed foothold in the Scottish Highlands in the 1950s , the species has slowly spread back across Scotland and there are now an estimated 200 breeding pairs .
In recent years , ospreys have also recolonised England and Wales .
High life : The Old Lady of the Loch
6,000 miles
Distance travelled by the Old Lady of the Loch every year during her migration .
She has flown an estimated 150,000 miles in her lifetime .
25 years
The bird 's probable age .
55 eggs
About The Author Luke Reimer is a web project manager , designer , and developer currently operating Fluid Media web design group out of Waterloo , Canada .
More about Luke Reimer …
HTML5 And Flash : Why It ’s Not A War , And Why Flash Wo n’t Die
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
With all of the buzz going on in our Web community about HTML5 and Flash , I ’ve decided to dive into the fray and offer my thoughts as a 10 - year veteran of both Web design and Flash development .
Let me preface by saying that this article is opinion - based , and that information is certainly out there that I am not aware of , and that none of us truly knows what the future holds .
Use Of Flash Till Now
When Flash broke on the scene , it was a fairly revolutionary tool … and much simpler to use than it is today .
I first started using it in 1999 , when it was being produced by Macromedia .
The current version then was 4 .
The simple benefit was that it allowed the average computer user to design graphics and create simple user interactions with almost no skill : quite a feat in the messy and over - complicated world of Netscape and IE4 .
You may also be interested in the following related posts : +
People did n’t take long to start using Flash as an engine to create full and complete websites , especially as the versions continued their march upward and ActionScript gained footing .
Quite simply , it sped up development time and wow ’ed all users with its animations — a far cry from the static - text Geocities websites around them .
But Flash started to be overused soon after .
One can compare it to HTML tables , a framework that revolutionized the industry for a time , became overused and then receded to its proper role ( which in this case was to structure data points rather than website columns ) .
Why They Do n’t Have to Fight
I ’ve read a lot of blog posts lately about HTML5 taking on Flash like a prize fighter and kicking it off the scene in some epic battle of Web standards and pragmatism .
But this is a false scenario : HTML5 and Flash are not meant to be fighting in the same ring , or to be fighting at all .
Each has its proper place on the Web and in the graphic community .
Flash ’s Place
Interestingly enough , Flash ’s place is not entirely on the Web at all , and certainly not to take over full website designs ( or those dreaded Flash intros either ) .
While bits of Flash will continue to be used in Web design for advertising and gaming , it will truly shine in two primary areas .
The first area is the corporate setting .
I work part - time as a Web developer on the multimedia team of a major international telecommunications company .
The majority of the team consists of Flash developers , and there is a huge demand for more of them .
So , while Flash may be shrinking in the Web industry , it is booming at the corporate level through rich media , training and learning solutions , Intranet applications and the like .
While Flash may be simplistic and annoying for a website , its capabilities for database interaction , PHP integration , XML sourcing , external ActionScript 3 , extensible plug-ins and import and export functionality make it an extremely robust tool that far outweighs the competition for certain uses .
Flash has a profitable future in corporate settings .
The second area is still budding and turbulent : mobile platforms .
Web content aside , if Flash could be used to produce applications and rich interaction on a variety of mobile platforms , it would empower designers and developers everywhere to contribute to a booming mobile industry ( and give us the opportunity to make a sweet profit while we ’re at it ) .
Why would Flash do so well in the mobile space compared to Web - based tools and frameworks ?
First of all , because Flash is a powerful development tool , beyond its graphic and animation capabilities .
ActionScript 3 has brought serious improvements to the overall structure and functionality of applications , allowing developers to create powerful apps .
Secondly , Flash being used across multiple platforms brings a much higher probability of consistency and compatibility .
Even if comprehensive
Web standards were supported across all mobile devices , there is no guarantee that we would n’t run into the same cross - browser headaches on the variety of mobile browsers .
If Flash were supported on all mobile devices , I could be reasonably certain that my Flash module would run smoothly on each one .
It ’s like my parents fighting .
I love Adobe .
I love Apple .
This really sucks .
— Terry Ranson
The Adobe and Apple cat fight disagreement may be discouraging , but consider that Android is releasing a Flash - enabled framework , and Adobe is releasing Flash Player 10.1 for smartphones , and Research in Motion has joined Adobe ’s Open Screen Project , essentially committing the BlackBerry to Flash in the near future .
Flash should never have been used to the extent that it was purely for Web design .
But it has capabilities beneath the hood that make it an extremely valuable resource for certain uses , particularly in the mobile space .
HTML5 ’s Place
HTML5 ’s place , on the other hand , is entirely on the Web .
And this is an outstanding development .
I remember switching from table - based designs to CSS , a liberating move that gave Web designers a freedom that only we could truly appreciate .
Moving forward with standards - based browsers and rich functionality via CSS3 and HTML5 will take our industry to new heights and lead to a flourishing of gorgeous websites and functionality that we ’ve never before witnessed .
Plenty of articles and resources outline the capabilities and benefits of HTML5 ( I wo n’t cover them here ) , but rest assured that it is the future , and a sweet future at that .
The Web In Two Years
Where will the chips fall when the Web design industry reaches its next stage ?
I may be idealistic , but I would like to see ( and I think we will see ) the following :
HTML5 and CSS3 as the new Web standard ;
All browsers being compatible and standards - based ;
Flash being used more limitedly as a tool for multimedia and gaming and interaction , both online and offline ;
Mobile platforms and mobile content development being the newest and fastest - growing subset of the industry : Sporting Flash capabilities for robust application development across all platforms ;
And offering HTML5 , CSS3 and complex JavaScript capabilities for mobile browsing .
Conclusion
Flash has been misused and overused for the past eight years , spreading its tentacles too far into the fabric of Web design .
But rather than getting beaten out of the picture by these practical new Web frameworks , Flash will retreat to its proper place : those niche areas where it belongs and can truly excel .
The first niche is multimedia and learning solutions for the corporate space .
Only time will tell if Flash finds its second niche on mobile platforms .
John Smoltz schooled the likes of Greg Maddux and Tom Glavine for years , more recently taking first - hand pointers from Tiger Woods .
But Smoltz , the future Hall of Fame pitcher , will test his genuine golf mettle next week , when he tries to qualify for the U.S. Open .
He 's among a handful of celebrity athletes entered to play 18 holes in local qualifiers at 111 courses beginning next Monday .
John Smoltz is among a handful of celebrity athletes entered to play in local qualifiers at 111 courses starting next Monday .
Jeff Zelevansky / Getty Images
" This is all about experiencing it more than anything , " Smoltz , 42 , told USGA.org , the website of the national governing body .
" I have n't beat a bunch of balls .
I am not trying to do anything heroic other than to see what it 's like . "
Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo has become a perennial entrant , never advancing past the local stage .
He 'll be trying to make the leap again this year .
" It takes time to do anything of this kind of nature , " said Smoltz , who has all but retired after a season split in 2009 with the Boston Red Sox and St. Louis Cardinals following 20 years with the Atlanta Braves .
" You 've got to get accustomed to it .
As much as I do [ love to compete ] , I 'll just be playing a regular round of golf .
Of course I 'm going to be in a little different mode .
I understand the possibilities .
I am just looking forward to doing it because I finally can . "
Also included among 9,052 golfers who filed entries with the long - shot hopes of advancing to the U.S. Open , set for June 17 - 20 at Pebble Beach Golf Links , are :
• Jacksonville Jaguars placekicker Josh Scobee
• Minnesota Vikings placekicker Ryan Longwell
• Former NFL quarterback Billy Joe Tolliver
• Former MLB pitcher Shane Rawley
• Former NHL and 2002 Olympic silver medalist goalie Mike Dunham .
Should they advance , they would gain berths in 36 - hole sectional qualifying played at 13 sites on June 7 ( two sites in Japan and England on May 24 ) .
Scobee will tee off next Monday at Timuquana Country Club in Jacksonville for the first round of qualifying for the U.S. Open .
" I 've never really played in any kind of tournament golf , " Scobee said Sunday at Jaguars minicamp , according to The Florida Times - Union .
" I did n't play golf in high school or college so this 'll be my first real tournament experience and I 'm pretty excited about it .
I 'll have some butterflies , but it wo n't be anything like football butterflies .
It 'll be a little different .
" It will be worse , but it 'll be a lot of fun . "
Scobee , who wants a golf job once his NFL career is over , has played several times the last few weeks in hopes of honing his game .
Coach Jack Del Rio offered some advice Monday , saying , " Hit it straight , and when he comes to kick field goals , kick those straight .
That 's what I 'm looking for . "
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
A newfound respect for extramarital sex ?
Politico is reporting that longtime Indiana congressman Mark Souder , a socially conservative Republican who railed against consensual sex outside of marriage , is resigning because he had an affair with a female aide .
He is a married father of three .
Oops .
Souder frequently meddled with CDC research into at - risk behavior , and made life difficult for medical researchers of teen pregnancy and sexually transmitted disease .
For example , in March 2004 , Souder hauled Dr. Jonathan Zenilman , a former C.D.C. officer and S.T.D. specialist at Hopkins who happens to be my father , before his committee and proceeded to lecture him on the sins of condoms and sex outside of wedlock and its liberal enablers .
My dad , at the time " speaking as a proud parent of three teenagers " ( I 've grown up since then ! ) , thought it was important to push a message of delay , but that demanding celibacy was just not going to work .
" An
abstinence - only approach which excludes safer sex messages and includes messages that emphasize intercourse only within the context of marriage , is therefore clearly out of touch with the realities and practices of the vast majority of Americans , " he said , complaining that the whole debate was " framed in an absolutist stark context . "
Souder ultimately responded by saying that teen sex needs to be aggressively confronted , like date rape , because out - of - wedlock sex always leads to pregnancy and ruins lives .
My dad said well - informed people use condoms .
This led to the following exchange :
Zenilman : Teenagers having consensual intercourse or adults having sexual intercourse is not the same as a date rape
or sexual harassment .
The latter has a lot more of the consequences that you mentioned previously .
Souder : I do n't think this data backs that statement up .
I believe they are awful and I have worked with them , but you are not going to argue here that out - of - wedlock pregnancy and related things are less damaging overall to a life 's career than somebody who has been sexually harassed , which , by the way , may also occur in the teen pregnancy and the out - of - wedlock or non-married sexual activity .
Zenilman : A consensual adult who is actually having sexual relations and is properly informed will be contracepting .
Souder :
This is n't really a debate , and I am sorry I got us off into that .
We have a substantial disagreement .
If Souder was my dad , I 'd be very confused .
All that Hip Hop mania is in Russia too .
Those sons tend to look real gangsta ..
Yet this argument has a flip side :
If consumers of these products die earlier , they will also collect less in pension payments , including Social Security .
Economists have run the numbers for smoking and often find that these savings may more than offset the budgetary costs .
In other words , smokers have little net financial impact on the rest of us .
It may seem grisly to consider the budgetary savings of an early death as a “ benefit ” to society .
But when analyzing policy , economists are nothing if not cold - blooded .
If one uses budgetary costs to justify taxing particular consumption goods , the accounting needs to be honest and complete .
There is , however , an altogether different argument for these taxes : that when someone consumes such goods , he does impose a negative externality  on the future version of himself .
In other words , the person today enjoys the consumption , but the person tomorrow and every day after pays the price of increased risk of illness .
This raises an intriguing question :
To what extent should we view the future versions of ourselves as different people from ourselves today ?
To be sure , most parents have no trouble restricting a child ’s decisions on the grounds that doing so is in the young person ’s best interest .
Few teenagers are farsighted enough to fully incorporate the interests of their future selves when making decisions .
As parents , we hope that someday our grown - up children will be grateful for our current restrictions on their behavior .
But people do not suddenly mature at the age of 18 , when society deems us “ adults . ”
There is always an adolescent lurking inside us , feeling the pull of instant gratification and too easily ignoring the long - run effects of our decisions .
Taxes on items with short - run benefits and long - run costs tell our current selves to take into account the welfare of our future selves .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Supreme Court ruled on Thursday that gay marriage opponents do not have an automatic legal right to prevent public release of the names and addresses of the signers of a Washington state ballot measure favoring traditional marriage .
The high court ’s 8 - 1 ruling was a defeat for a group called Protect Marriage Washington .
It had argued that public disclosure could lead to threats , harassment or reprisal .
More than 138,000 individuals signed a petition in 2009 to put a referendum on the state ballot that would have overturned a new state law extending the benefits of marriage to couples registered as domestic partners .
The referendum failed .
Some supporters of gay rights had vowed to put the names of those who signed the petition on the Internet .
Lawyers for the group argued that the signers ’ constitutional right to political free - speech under the First Amendment trumped the state ’s public records law .
A federal judge initially agreed with the group that disclosure of the names and addresses violated constitutional protections of anonymous political speech .
But a U.S. appeals court ruled the names could be made public and said the signatures had been gathered in public with no promise of confidentiality .
In the majority opinion written by Chief Justice John Roberts , the Supreme Court ruled that disclosure of referendum petitions generally does not violate any free - speech rights .
Only Justice Clarence Thomas dissented .
The Supreme Court case is Doe v. Reed , 09 -559 .
Conflicting Views : Designing Multiplayer
In Children's Games
By Stephan Frost
[ Way Forward designer Stephan Frost combines experience and literature to delineate two schools of thought on how children 's games handle multiplayer , and on approaching a young audience for testing and implementation of design ideas . ]
The three major consoles out right now have numerous differences .
However , one rather interesting commonality they all share lies in their top - selling games -- the majority of them are competitive multiplayer .
There are completely different demographics between them , but it is an interesting fact that people who play games like interacting with others while playing .
This is also a common feature among children 's games .
There seem to be two types of competitive multiplayer themes prevalent in children 's video game design that I have noticed in my tenure working in games : accommodating vs. empowering .
These themes come from two schools of thought in game design .
One is to create an " interactive experience " , while the other is to stick to a more traditional definition of a competitive game experience .
In this analysis , I will use examples I have encountered in my career with developers and publishers as well as my personal gaming experiences .
More specifically , I 'll look at how game designers approach children 's competitive multiplayer games .
I will also delve into why I believe we have two forms of competitive gaming from a child psychology perspective .
My goal is ultimately to provide effective tips for reading what children are looking for in games to better modify the gaming experience .
The Competitive Game Experience
The game defines rules but ultimately it is up to the player to win the game .
Their choices and skill level determine a win or loss .
Games of this nature are aimed at ages seven to seventy .
I worked as a production assistant at Disney Interactive Studios and worked on the multi-SKU game Cars : Mater - National Championship .
This was a game that allowed players to explore Radiator Springs openly ( which kids love doing in games , by the way ) , and also allowed them to race head to head if they wanted .
The designers and programmers at THQ had implemented numerous moves that more experienced players could use in the race to succeed but were not crucial to victory .
Boosts , slides , and knowing the short cuts were the tools to gain a win .
The only helping hand that was given to losing players was a higher top speed while trailing the leading player .
However , this could still be counterbalanced if the leading player knew all the moves and shortcuts ; it was just a slight bonus to make things a bit more competitive .
Cars : Mater - National Championship
The competitive game experience relies mostly on the players skill .
There are winners and losers and it is typically the players who practice more that win .
A great example of this can be seen in the Kung Fu Panda multiplayer mini games .
These are easy to play , difficult to master games .
Anyone can play the game and understand it , but those who practice more will likely win .
All of the games offer a clear distinction of a winner vs. a loser .
There is also direct competition , because all players are on screen at the same time .
This means a choice by the player can affect another player immediately .
The Interactive Experience
This form of gameplay is more of what I would describe as a " ride " , wherein victory is not largely dependent on skill .
This is typically for a much younger audience , usually for the five to seven year old range -- but anyone could play it .
There was a cancelled game I had worked on that was a family - themed Wii Balance Board game , similar to Wii Sports Resort .
There were numerous activities that players could compete in for the best time or highest score .
One such activity was skateboarding .
The goal was to cross the finish line at another in the fastest time possible .
That was the extent of the competition .
The publisher had requested that if the player were to step off the balance board , they would eventually cross the finish line .
Even if they did nothing whatsoever , they would eventually finish .
The focus of the game was the visual aesthetics of the level ; it was the player 's experience of the environment .
The thought behind this design choice was that this was a game that the whole family could enjoy ; it was like a movie that the player could interact with slightly .
These games are the antithesis of hardcore .
A great example of this design philosophy can be seen in the game Happy Feet , where games are significantly easy for any ( and I mean any ) player to win .
Wii Music is another example ; there is little focus on competition , despite some of it being a points - based game .
Unlike Guitar Hero or Rock Band , there are limited penalties for playing the game " incorrectly " .
In fact , the player can play the game in whatever way they please , and will still complete a level .
IGN said in its review that it was " a noise maker tied to a series of gestures " and that is the gist .
Anyone can play without the fear of defeat .
These games also tend to be more turn - based games .
There is no direct competition because only one person is on screen at a time which reduces the sense of urgency in the competition based games .
The Mix
With the success of the Wii console , it 's become clear to the broad public that the console is not just for gamers .
Children , senior citizens , and other non-gamers have been highlighted as target demographics for the Wii in the mainstream press .
When I worked on the WiiWare title Major League Eating : The Game , this new audience was the publisher 's target demographic , described succinctly as " everybody " .
We -- developer Sensory Sweep -- were asked by the publishers to make a game that drew influences from Dance Dance Revolution , Mario Kart , and Street Fighter Alpha .
Working with those influences in mind , we created a two player fighting game with power - ups which required timing and management skills to win .
From a design standpoint , the power - ups and motion control seemed to be the largest points of contention between us getting approval or not .
There was a balanced set of power - ups that could counteract each other to provide a level playing field .
However the publisher felt it necessary to include what became known as the " Catchup Dog " .
This was a hot dog the losing player could eat and it would bring their points up , even with the winner 's score ; it was essentially the blue shell from Mario Kart .
The inclusion of this Catchup Dog was the publisher 's way of regulating the more efficient player 's chance of winning , even though this was mainly a skill based game .
Reviewers of the game generally viewed the power - up as broken .
The motion controls were also heavily pushed because they wanted the game to be an interactive experience of Major League Eating as it is shown on television -- frenetic , fast - paced , and similar to the motions the competitors make on screen .
This , however , meant taking a hit on controls being accurate , because the motions were not always one - to - one with the results on screen .
This mix of design ideologies was too jarring .
The publishers wanted an interactive experience while at the same time offering highly competitive gameplay .
The resulting game was not effective , because by trying to please everyone , it alienated the audiences for both types of game .
Time and Competition
This can be broken down very simply .
The greater the amount of time spent in a game , the more important victory becomes .
If I play a game where victory can be determined in a span of 10 seconds , I do n't invest much in the game .
I will therefore likely be a little less motivated to win .
However , if I spend five minutes in a three lap race winning , I do n't want to waste my time by messing up my chance for a win on the last lap .
This can be applied to the two types of competitive children 's games .
Typically , the interactive experiences are less time - consuming , while the competitive games usually take longer .
This is especially the case when both players are interacting at the same time on screen .
In the context of these children 's games , a game that requires players to take turns limits the amount of competition because there is no immediate or pressing threat to a victory condition .
However if there is someone on screen that is closer to taking the win away from a player in a longer period of time , the winning desire increases .
The Self Esteem Movement in Video Games
Originally started in the late 1960s and early 1970s , the " self esteem " movement in child psychology sought to empower children .
The idea was to give children the value of self worth so they could feel good about themselves and would thereby tackle problems in a self - assured manner .
The movement advocated the idea that children should be rewarded despite not really earning the reward .
Kids ' sports is a common example of the Self Esteem Movement in children 's lives .
Children often receive trophies -- even for finishing last place .
In 2006 , the Boston Globe ran an article describing this phenomenon .
It essentially argued that children lose the ability to cope with losses when we reward them constantly , even for failure .
Leonard Zaichkowsky , a professor at Boston University and director of its sport and exercise psychology training program , had this to say : " ' We also have to teach kids to be mentally tough , to take criticism , to experience failure , to learn that somebody wins and somebody loses .
We have to take teachable moments to reach kids and explain that there are going to be setbacks and losses , and to be able to cope with that . "
Leon F. Seltzer , Ph.D. maintains a blog on the website Psychology Today .
He also states that children form a sense of entitlement when we placate them by not allowing them to experience loss .
Writes Seltzer , " When almost all your energy is indiscriminately devoted to fulfilling your child 's desires , it 's no wonder that they 'll come to see the world as revolving around them . "
The tenets of the Self Esteem Movement most typically enter game design via the interactive experience .
There are competitive moments , but ultimately these games feed the idea of entitlement -- because we as publishers and developers are worried that children will lose the game , and be dissatisfied .
Defenders of the competitive game experience often do so in reaction to the Self Esteem Movement .
And it 's not just game developers or reviewers who feel that way ; the aformentioned articles are examples of that reaction in the world outside game design .
There are developers out there who believe kids should lose .
They believe that the loss is what drives kids to try again -- and attain a victory .
Playtesting is Critical
Sometimes , designers get entrenched in their games and start to make them for themselves .
This is why playtesting , especially for a demographic that the designer is not part of , is so important .
The designer needs to supply the core ideas and create the base of a fun project , but also -- in the context of the games we 're discussing -- take in feedback from children .
In the Major League Eating game , we originally wanted to have power - ups be rather limited .
We had thought that players would value the power - ups more because of their scarcity .
What we realized after trying out the game with multiple kids , is that they wanted more of them .
In fact , they thought that power - ups were the best part of the game .
The Belch Attack was one that kids enjoyed using , and it was satisfying in its affect on other players .
As a result we increased the amount of power ups -- and the game became a power - up fight .
Both players could feel empowered , and that resulted in more thumbs up .
We also worked with what we had available to improve the game 's replay value .
Children can provide great feedback , but often you have to filter out the " would n't it be cool if ...? " suggestions .
This will make better use of the info collected from the target demographic .
Watching kids play is also important .
Sometimes kids do n't always feel comfortable saying negative , or even positive , things about the game .
Watching their reactions at certain events in the game is a great way to figure out what they love and hate .
Discerning between a challenge and a struggle is also important .
When kids have to get used to a mechanic , there is always a moment of uneasiness because they may not get the idea .
Accommodating can be a knee jerk reaction for some -- but is not always the answer .
If a mechanic is vital to gameplay progression and the child does not understand it after numerous attempts , it should probably be tweaked .
However , if a mechanic is something for more advanced players that need to invest more time to perfect the technique , the child just may need more time with the game .
Understanding the goal and progression of the game is what the designer needs to analyze and apply to the game .
Conclusions on Designing Multiplayer Games for Kids
In short , designing a clear direction as to where a game is heading is vital to success in a children 's multiplayer game .
Understanding game types , listening to the demographic , knowing how to analyze and implement that knowledge is paramount in this genre of development .
Return to the full version of this article
Copyright © UBM
Tech ,
All rights reserved
‘ moon rabbit ’ cup
taiwanese designer hsia-ying lin has worked together with craft artisan jun-ching tang on ‘ moon rabbit ’ cup and plate .
made from black clay , these tableware pieces interpret the famous chinese fairytale of the rabbit on the moon , commemorated every autumn in taiwan during the moon festival celebrations .
lin and tang have designed a cup in which the rabbit sips the water within along the lip of the vessel ; and a plate where a rabbit is found sitting on its edge , its stretched ‘ reflection ’ becoming the dish itself .
‘ moon rabbit ’ cup and plate are a result of ‘ yii ’ , an initiative of the taiwan craft research institute , whose aim is to encourage the taiwanese people to cultivate an appreciation of the country ’s traditional crafts .
it seeks to ignite exchanges between contemporary taiwanese designers and local craft artists on projects which relate to these traditional production practices .
dutch designer gijs bakker was invited to be the creative director of ‘ yii ’ .
under his direction , these newest works focus on the revival of the increasingly extinct taiwanese craft in contemporary design , exploring methods of bamboo work , ceramic , fine silver works , lacquerware , wood carving and other ancient craft processes , teaming up taiwanese designers with local craftsmen .
detail of rabbit which sticks its head out along the edge of the cup
‘ moon rabbit ’ plate
detail of the rabbit
detail of the rabbit installation of ‘ moon rabbit ’ cups image © designboom
installation view image © designboom
‘ moon rabbit ’ cups and plates image © designboom
an exhibition of ‘ yii ’ projects were on show at the triennale museum , milan during design week 2010 .
It 's been four years since the last instalment of this series .
Over the past couple of months I have revised the BIO vocabulary and have incorporated many of the changes I 've been discussing over the course of this series of posts .
Now I am going to revisit some of the examples from my earlier posts and bring them up to date with the new vocabulary .
The BIO Vocabulary models the biography of a person as a series of interrelated events .
There are now classes for many different kinds of life event and the beginnings of a series of properties that link these events to people , places , times and other events .
The vocabulary can be found at its usual location : http://vocab.org/bio/0.1/
Back in part 1 I set about trying to model this paragraph from Wikipedia :
Einstein was born at Ulm in Württemberg , Germany ; about 100 km east of Stuttgart .
His parents were Hermann Einstein , a featherbed salesman who later ran an electrochemical works , and Pauline , whose maiden name was Koch .
They were married in Stuttgart - Bad Cannstatt .
The family was Jewish ( and non-observant ) ; Albert attended a Catholic elementary school and , at the insistence of his mother , was given violin lessons .
My first attempt looked something like this ( see this RDF file )
< foaf : Person rdf:nodeID=" albert " > < foaf:name > Albert Einstein</ foaf: name > < bio:event > < bio : Birth rdf:nodeID=" albert - birth " > < rdfs:label > The birth of Albert Einstein < / rdfs:label > < bio:date > 1879-03-14</bio:date > < bio:place > Ulm , Württemberg , Germany </ bio: place > < time : intDuring rdf:nodeID=" hermann-and-pauline-being-married " /> </bio:Birth > </bio:event > < bio:event > < bio : Event rdf:nodeID=" albert-attending-elementary - school " > < rdfs:label >
The event of Albert attending elementary school < / rdfs:label > < time :intAfter rdf:nodeID=" albert - birth " /> </bio: Event > </bio:event > < bio:event > < bio : Event rdf:nodeID=" albert-taking-violin-lessons " > < rdfs:label >
The event of Albert taking violin lessons </ rdfs:label > < time :intAfter rdf:nodeID=" albert - birth " /> </bio: Event > </bio:event > </ foaf:Person > < foaf : Person rdf:nodeID=" hermann " > < foaf:name > Hermann Einstein</ foaf:name > < bio:event > < bio : Marriage rdf:nodeID=" hermann-and-pauline - marriage " > < rdfs:label > The marriage of Hermman Einstein and Pauline Koch</rdfs:label > < bio:place > Stuttgart - Bad Cannstatt</bio:place > < time:intMeets rdf:nodeID=" hermann-and-pauline-being-married " /> </bio:Marriage > </bio:event > < bio:event rdf:nodeID=" hermann-and-pauline-being-married " /> </ foaf:Person > < foaf : Person rdf:nodeID=" pauline " > < foaf:name > Pauline Einstein</ foaf:name > < bio:event rdf:nodeID=" hermann-and-pauline-marriage " /> < bio:event rdf:nodeID=" hermann-and-pauline-being-married " /> </ foaf:Person > < bio : Event rdf:nodeID=" hermann-and-pauline-being-married " > < rdfs:label > The time during which Hermann and Pauline were married </ rdfs:label > < time :intContains rdf:nodeID=" albert - birth " /> </bio:
Event >
The first thing that strikes me now is how primitive and unlinked the RDF is , something that the past 3 years of the Linked Data project has really hammered home .
Those blank nodes are useful in the example , but quite poor for wide scale integration .
Today , I would be using dbpedia URIs for the people and places mentioned in the data , especially since it is based on Wikipedia information in the first place .
What changes does the revised BIO Vocabulary make to this example ?
Actually there are quite a few .
There are some new properties that relate events to the people playing particular roles in those events .
These are :
bio:agent — a person , organization or group that plays a role in an event .
bio:employer — an agent that is involved in an event as an employer .
bio:officiator — a person that officiates at a ceremonial event .
bio:organization — an organization that plays a role in an event .
bio : parent — a person that takes the parent role in an event .
bio : partner — a person that is involved in a event as a partner in a relationship .
bio : principal — a person that takes the primary and most important role in an event .
bio :spectator — a person that is present at and observes the occurrence of at least part of an event .
bio : witness — a person that witnesses and can bear testimony to the occurrence of an event .
These are not designed to be comprehensive , but to cover the most common cases and provide building blocks for other types of role .
The most important is bio : principal which relates an event to the most important person in the event .
In the case of the birth of Albert Einstein , Albert is the bio:principal .
We can rewrite the birth event like this :
< bio : Birth rdf:nodeID=" albert - birth " > < rdfs:label >
The birth of Albert Einstein < / rdfs:label > < bio:date > 1879-03-14</bio:date > < bio:place rdf:resource = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulm " /> < bio:principal rdf:resource = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein " /> < bio:parent rdf:resource = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Koch " /> < bio:parent rdf:resource = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Einstein " /> </bio:Birth >
Some events , such as marriages , have no principal ( this is my egalatarian viewpoint , some cultures will view marriage differently ) .
We can rewrite Hermann and Pauline 's marriage like this :
< bio : Marriage rdf:nodeID=" hermann-and-pauline - marriage " > < rdfs:label > The marriage of Hermman Einstein and Pauline Koch</ rdfs:label > < bio:place rdf:resource = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannstatt " /> < bio:partner rdf:resource = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Koch " /> < bio:partner rdf:resource = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Einstein " /> </bio:Marriage >
I can now also explicitly say that Pauline and Hermann were the mother and father of Albert using the new bio : mother and bio : father properties :
< foaf : Person rdf:about = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein " > < foaf:name > Albert Einstein</ foaf : name > < bio: mother rdf:resource = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Koch " /> < bio :father rdf:resource = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Einstein " /> </ foaf:Person >
One of the areas that was confusing in my original example was the use of the Event class for representing time periods .
Although an event such as a marriage may extend for a period of time , it is n't strictly correct to say it is a time period .
Rather it has a time period .
The BIO Vocabulary now has a bio : Interval class to model intervals of time and a pair of properties bio:initiatingEvent and bio: concludingEvent to mark the start and end of time intervals .
That means we can model the period of time during which Pauline and Hermann were married as a bio : Interval like this :
< bio : Interval rdf:nodeID=" hermann-and-pauline-being-married " > < rdfs:label > The time during which Hermann and Pauline were married </ rdfs:label > < bio:initiatingEvent rdf:nodeID=" hermann-and-pauline - marriage " /> < bio:concludingEvent > < bio : Death > < rdfs:label >
The death of Hermann Einstein < / rdfs:label > < bio:principal rdf:resource = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Einstein " /> </bio:Death > </bio:concludingEvent > </bio:Interval >
Because bio :
Events are not time intervals it 's not appropriate to use the OWL - Time properties with them .
Instead , the intervals associated with each event need to be explicitly drawn out .
The bio:eventInterval property relates an event to the equivalent interval over which the event takes place .
We can use this property to move the OWL - Time properties onto the relevant intervals like this :
< bio : Birth rdf:nodeID=" albert - birth " > < bio:eventInterval > < bio : Interval rdf:nodeID=" albert - birth - interval " > < time : intDuring rdf:nodeID=" hermann-and-pauline-being-married " /> </bio: Interval > </bio:eventInterval > </ bio:Birth >
Finally , putting it all together , this is what the original example from part 1 of this series now looks like :
< foaf : Person rdf:about = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein " > < foaf:name > Albert Einstein</ foaf : name > < bio: mother rdf:resource = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Koch " /> < bio :father rdf:resource = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Einstein " /> < bio:event > < bio : Birth rdf:nodeID=" albert - birth " > < rdfs:label > The birth of Albert Einstein < / rdfs:label > < bio:date > 1879-03-14</bio:date > < bio:place rdf:resource = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulm " /> < bio:principal rdf:resource = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein " /> < bio:parent rdf:resource = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Koch " /> < bio:parent rdf:resource = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Einstein " /> < bio:eventInterval rdf:nodeID=" albert- birth- interval " /> </bio:Birth > </bio:event > </ foaf: Person > < foaf : Person rdf:about = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Einstein " > < foaf:name > Hermann Einstein</ foaf:name > < bio:event > < bio : Marriage rdf:nodeID=" hermann-and-pauline - marriage " > < rdfs:label >
The marriage of Hermman Einstein and Pauline Koch </ rdfs:label > < bio:place rdf:resource = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannstatt " /> < bio:partner rdf:resource = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Koch " /> < bio:partner rdf:resource = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Einstein " /> </bio:Marriage > </bio:event > </ foaf: Person > < foaf : Person rdf:about = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Koch " > < foaf:name > Pauline Einstein</ foaf:name > < bio:event rdf:nodeID=" hermann-and-pauline - marriage " /> </ foaf:Person > < bio : Interval rdf:nodeID=" albert - birth - interval " > < rdfs:label > The time during which Albert was born </ rdfs:label > < time : intDuring rdf:nodeID=" hermann-and-pauline-being-married " /> </bio: Interval > < bio : Interval rdf:nodeID=" hermann-and-pauline-being-married " > < rdfs:label > The time during which Hermann and Pauline were married </ rdfs:label > < bio:initiatingEvent rdf:nodeID=" hermann-and-pauline - marriage " /> < bio:concludingEvent > < bio : Death > < rdfs:label >
The death of Hermann Einstein < / rdfs:label > < bio:principal rdf:resource = " http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Einstein " /> </bio:Death > </bio:concludingEvent > </bio: Interval > < bio : Interval rdf:nodeID=" albert-attending-elementary - school " > < rdfs:label >
The period of time during which Albert attended elementary school < / rdfs:label > < time:intAfter rdf:nodeID=" albert-birth - interval " /> </bio:Interval > < bio : Interval rdf:nodeID=" albert-taking-violin-lessons " > < rdfs:label >
The period of time during which Albert took violin lessons </ rdfs:label > < time:intAfter rdf:nodeID=" albert - birth - interval " /> </ bio:Interval >
I hope you 'll agree that this has many advantages over the original , with better connections between people , their life events and others who take part in those events .
If you want more like this the BIO Vocabulary contains an extensive worked example of Henry VIII and his six wives .
Other posts in the “ Refactoring Bio ” series :
HACK FAQ
View all headers Path : senator - bedfellow.mit.edu!bloom-beacon.mit.edu!news.kodak.com!news-nysernet-16.sprintlink.net!news-east1.sprintlink.net!news-peer1.sprintlink.net!news-peer-east1.sprintlink.net!news.sprintlink.net!Sprint!nntp.abs.net!cpk-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!cam-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!cam-news-feed2.bbnplanet.com!news.gtei.net!ulowell.uml.edu!news-feeder.onramp.net!news.onramp.net!ssilberberg
From : stevebo@onramp.net ( Steve Silberberg ) Newsgroups : alt.comedy.standup,alt.answers,news.answers
Subject : Hack Stand - Up Comedy FAQ - hack.txt [ 01/01 ]
Followup - To : poster Date : Wed , 16 Dec 1998 18:40:33 GMT
Organization : Callipygian Productions Lines : 573 Approved : news-answers-request@mit.edu Expires : 2/1/99 Message -ID : < 758uot$r56$1@news.onramp.net >
NNTP - Posting - Host : ppp12-40.dllstx.onramp.net
Summary : Summary of Hack Stand - Up Comedy X - Newsreader : News Xpress 2.01 Archive - Name : comedy - faq / hack Posting - Frequency : monthly Last - Modified : 12/1/98 Url : http://rampages.onramp.net/~stevebo/faq.html
Xref : senator - bedfellow.mit.edu alt.comedy.standup:25224 alt.answers:38667 news.answers:146742
View main headers
See reader questions & answers on this topic ! -
Help others by sharing your knowledge THE COMPLETE GUIDE TO HACK STAND -UP COMEDY BY Steven Rosenthal THE H H AAA CCCCC K K H H A A C K K HHHHH AAAAA C KKK H H A A C K K H H A A CCCCC K K FAQ HACK ( from the British word Hack - neyed ) adj .
Over used and thus cheapened , trite .
( From THE AMERICAN COLLEGE DICTIONARY ) Note ( 1 ) :
This list is written mostly for the benefit of new comics - not for the condemnation of seasoned acts .
Just because you see an older comic doing some of these is no reason to start hurling tomatoes .
A lot of this material became cliche ' because of overexposure in the ' 80s , and any comic you see may have written it well before it became hack .
Note ( 2 ) :
These guidelines may not apply in Britain .
From what I understand , Europe is just now getting a stand - up boom like we Yanks had ten years ago .
It is entirely possible that English audiences have not seen these topics a million times .
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
INDEX 1 . Things are different than other things 1 . " L.A. is different than ... "
2 . " Men and Women are really different ... "
3 . " Cats are different than Dogs ... "
2 . Any Stereotypes in the Crowd Tonight ?
1 . " What 's up with these 7 - 11 employees ? " 2 . " And I said ' Put down the Donut , officer ' " 3 . " Black people walk or talk or dance differently than White people . "
( Then demonstrate ) 4 .
" Now , folks ... I have nothing against homosexuals ... "
5 . " I was in Alabama recently ... "
6 . " What would ROMEO AND JULIET be like in da hood ? "
7 . " Horror Movies would n't work if the characters were black ! "
3 . Did You Ever Notice That Observational Comedy is Getting a Little Old ?
1 . " I fly on airplanes a lot ... "
2 . " Bob Dylan / Michael McDonald / Michael Jackson sings funny . "
3 . " You can't hear what the guy 's saying at the Drive through . "
4 . " What 's up with these Remote Controls ? " 5 . " Do We Have Any Pot Smokers in the House ?
6 . " Anybody remember GILLIGAN'S ISLAND ? " 7 . " I saw a lotta construction on Highway Blah Blah ... "
8 . " You gotta be careful these days , lotta diseases out there ... "
9 . " Have you seen that commercial where blah blah blah ? " 10 .
" Have you guys seen this nicotine patch ? "
4 . Topical Material Should Be Topical 1 . " So Howard Taft is in the news again ... "
2 . " What 's up with this Lorena Bobbit , huh ? " 5 . The Comic Tackle Box 1 . " ... and that 's just the women ! "
2 . " What if O.J. Simpson sang the Brady Bunch theme ? "
3 . " I know what you 're thinking .
You 're thinking that I'm the illegitimate son of Mario Andretti and Fred Flinstone ! "
4 . " Am I going too fast for you sir ? " 5 . The invisible prop 6 .
The " list " 7 . " ... it 's just me " 8 . " Well folks , it 's about time for me to get out of here ... "
6 . You Folks Like Impressions ?
1 . Jack Nicholson 2 . Robert DeNiro 3 . William Shatner 4 . Elvis 5 . Christopher Lloyd as " Reverend Jim " from TAXI 6 .
Others to stay away from 7 . Celebrity Impersonations
7 . " That Reunion Tower Sure Looks Like a Penis " 8 . I 'm Not Making These Stock Lines Up People !
9 . How to Tell if a Topic will be Hack Before it is .
10 . Wait a Second ... I 'm a Hack !
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 1 : THINGS ARE DIFFERENT THAN OTHER THINGS 1a " L.A. is different than ... "
A ton of comics move to Los Angeles to pursue a television or film career and write a lot of material based on the little differences between LA and their former place of living .
The trouble is that comics have been doing this since the beginning of time and the chances that you 'll have a original observation are slim .
1 b " Men and women are really different ... "
No kidding .
Volumes could be written about how comedians pit the genders against each other and turn the club into a kind of " Battle of the Sexes " with the losers generally being men .
Typically , female comics will appeal to their sisters in the crowd for support in male - bashing ( " Am I right , Ladies ? " ) and males will hunt for approval among a usually shy male audience ( " Oh , you guys would n't be saying that if you were n't here with your women !
If it was just us guys it would be different ! " )
Guys do n't ask directions , girls take a long time to get ready for a date , married men are stupid and whipped , women take too long when shopping , men hog the remote control , men leave the toilet seat up , etc. etc .
Aside from the fact that sweeping generalizations about gender are inherently sexist , these gender based topics have been covered a lot - brilliantly at times , but a lot nonetheless .
Another typical angle on this is stating something that women generally do ( ie. go to the bathroom together , dance together , compliment each other on their looks ) and applying it to very masculine types for comic effect ( " You never see two guys doing this !
Hey Joe , your skin is looking lovely lately . " )
Do n't say you were n't warned .
1c " Cats are different than Dogs ... "
Andy Kindler 's magazine article THE HACK'S HANDBOOK says that this bit boils down to " Dogs will do anything , cats do n't care .
Example : Cats wo n't fetch a bone .
' You fetch it .
I 'm getting something to eat .
And take away this cheap shit and get me some real food . '
Dogs will eat lard and Spam ! "
The whole pet thing has been a road comic 's staple bit for years now .
Do n't do it .
Section 2 : ANY STEREOTYPES IN THE CROWD TONIGHT ?
2a " What 's up with these 7 - 11 employees ? "
I know that Apu on THE SIMPSONS is funny , but that 's as far as it goes .
Mostly comics just do a poor characterization of a Middle Eastern / Hindu and throw in a couple of cheap shots about Slurpees or a dot on their forehead and leave it be .
2 b " And I said ' Put down the Donut , officer ... ' "
Yeah , cops eat donuts a lot .
Have n't heard that one before .
Same goes for " Orientals can't drive . " , " New Yorkers / taxi drivers are rude . " or " Black men have large genitals " Whoopie .
2c " Black people walk or talk or dance differently than White people . "
( Then demonstrate ) Racists , back me up on this !
2d " Now , folks ... I have nothing against homosexuals ... "
When comics deny their homophobia or racism before a joke , you can be sure that they are trying to soften the blow of one of the most homophobic or racist jokes you 'll ever hear .
" I have a lot of gay friends ... " is usually followed with something extreme not unlike " But fags suck do n't they ?
And they should all be put to death ! "
Airline stewards and the not - so - recent " Gays in the Military " debate have given comics a new way to avoid writing by merely doing their " really effeminate fag voice " .
Even though any homosexual male in the Marines could probably kill a stand - up comic instantly with his bare hands , audiences still laugh at the lame bit about the girlish soldier who likes to re-decorate and flirt with the rest of the troops .
Do n't do the " fag voice " unless it has a really good joke behind it , because otherwise you 're getting the laugh at the minority 's expense and they really do n't deserve your scorn .
2e " I was in Alabama recently ... "
And let me guess ... hmmmm ... were the people there stupid and inbred perhaps ?
The stupid incest Southerner joke was put to rest when Dennis Miller said , " There are people in Alabama who are their own fathers . "
That 's it , it does n't get any bigger or better than that .
2 f " What would ROMEO AND JULIET be like in da hood ? "
OR " Could you imagine if The President was Mexican ? "
Typically the pattern is :
It would n't be that way if it was my ethnicity !
Because if it was my ethnicity it would have a lot of stereotypes associated with my ethnic background !
Stop this .
It 's an easy joke .
2g " Horror Movies would n't work if the characters were black !
Because they would n't peek into the bushes ... they 'd just run ! "
Not only is this the same pattern as above , but it 's been stolen from Eddie Murphy who took it from Richard Pryor .
Section 3 : DID YOU EVER NOTICE THAT OBSERVATIONAL COMEDY IS GETTING A LITTLE OLD ?
Have you ever noticed , how a lot of stand up comedian 's seem to say " have you ever noticed " all the time ?
Observational Comedy was pioneered by Carlin in the 70's and brought to life in the 80's , an era where no topic was too mundane and " the little things in life " became more appealing than " The Big Picture " .
In fact some topics were so trivial that comics had to feign hatred just to keep the sets interesting ( as in : " You know what really pisses me off ?
Nail Clippers ! " )
I wo n't go so far as to declare all observational comedy hack , but the passion has gone out of the love affair .
And there are certainly a lot of " little things " that already have been noticed once too often .
Like : 3a " I fly on airplanes a lot ... "
Yes , I 'll bet you do .
Or you used to when there was more of a road to work .
However , every other comedian in the world did too , and you all wrote bits on it .
Bits on the safety devices , bits about not being allowed to smoke , bits on inept pilots , bits about what you 'd do if the plane was going down , bits about the seat being a floatation device etc. etc. 3 b " Bob Dylan / Michael McDonald / Michael Jackson sings funny . "
No duh .
Let 's move on .
3c " You can't hear what the guy 's saying at the Drive through . "
Let me guess :
So you just mumble back to them .
That 's original .
3d " What 's up with these Remote Controls ? "
" What 's the use of the eject button ?...
Our parents in the old days had to get up and change it manually ...
Guys hog the remote ...
We can't just watch one channel nowadays ... "
Heard it .
3 e " Do we have any pot smokers in the house ? "
" I do n't have a joke about that , I just wanted to see who I can hang with after the show !... "
Pot jokes always turn into a reference about the munchies so stay away from that gag .
Also , the one about pot being different from the other drugs ( " There 's no gang wars over pot , just pillow fights ... " ) has been done .
3 f " Anybody remember GILLIGAN'S ISLAND ? "
Yes we do .
And we do n't know how could they get so lost on a three hour tour or how come the Professor could build so much stuff but he could n't build a boat to leave with .
It 'll just remain one of the great mysteries of our time .
However , since we 're so aware of the dilemma , do n't bring it up .
3g " Saw a lot of construction on Highway Blah blah blah "
This one 's more typical of the Midwest I hear .
A comic gets into town and asks where the big construction site is .
Then he / she gets to relate by using his / her old jokes about the " Men Working " sign ( " They should change the sign ! " ) or the Slow / Stop sign ( " That describes how they 're working ! " ) .
3 h " You gotta be careful these days , lotta diseases out there ... "
" Remember when it was just STDs ?
Now herpes is like nothing ! " or the old standby condom jokes " Who 's NOT going to buy the larger condoms ! " ,
At the checkout line " Price check on extra small condoms " , " I 'm wearing one now ! " and " I wear two condoms all the time and when I 'm ready to have sex , I just take off one ! "
3 i " Have you seen that commercial where blah blah blah ? "
THE HACK'S HANDBOOK calls commercials " The Hack Happy Hunting Grounds " and notes The Clapper , the " I 've Fallen and I Can't Get Up " , the " This is Your Brain on Drugs " , and the " You can do anything while wearing these Tampons " as overdone .
I 'd like to add the Douche commercial ( " Sometimes I do n't feel so fresh " ) , the Psychic Friends , the Chia Pet , and any shyster lawyer who gets you a big settlement .
3 j " Have you guys seen this nicotine patch ? "
" Now , I 'm up to three patches a day !
I gotta start smoking to get off the patch ! "
Section 4 : TOPICAL MATERIAL SHOULD BE TOPICAL 4a " So Howard Taft is in the news again ... "
It 's pretty clear that a topical comedian has to write more currently than others .
Hey , that 's the price you pay for the ease of having premises delivered to your doorstep every morning .
There 's nothing sadder than an outdated topical joke .
Saying , " Anyone remember the LA riots ? " is just as good as telling the audience " I have n't written much in the last three years . "
There 's no good rule for determining a joke 's shelf - life .
Some large topics will be good for a year or two .
Others will go out of date within days .
Just stop patting yourself on the back for how great you think your joke is and think about whether the event would still be on the minds of the audience .
4 b " What 's up with this Lorena Bobbit , huh ? "
One of Nostradamus 's quatrains goes as follows : " And a woman named Bobbit shall strike at a man 's center and there will be much mirth made . "
Okay , I was kidding ( Please , no flames from the Nostradamus people ) .
The truth is that Bobbit jokes swept like a runaway train through the club scene for the simple reason that you could turn the genders against each other with a topical bit that 's also a dick joke .
( One comic I saw actually made it a racial bit as well by saying " Why do all you white women always have to go cutting people 's dicks off ? ! " )
But besides the fact that the topic is pretty hack to start with , it 's clearly too old and too overdone to even touch now .
Same goes for Tonya Harding , The Menendez Brothers , Pee-Wee Herman and probably Barney the Dinosaur .
Section 5 : THE COMIC TACKLEBOX 5a " ... and that 's just the women ! "
The " Bait and Switch " is a classic comedy device that 'll stay with us probably forever ( for what else is comedy than setting up expectations and then switching gears against those expectations ? )
However , boil the device down to its bare bones and you get a joke that comics are starting to do to death .
Set up a character that 's really obscene and then say , " Okay Rabbi , calm down ! "
Describe a very masculine group and top it off with " ... and that 's just the women ! "
If you have one of these , make sure the gag is better hidden .
5 b " What if O.J. Simpson sang the Brady Bunch theme ? "
Nothing says , " My only comedy influence is MAD Magazine " like a lame parody of a beautiful song .
Never mind that it kills .
Songs always get a cheap laugh , and the lamer and more scatological the parody , the better the reaction .
The truth is that song parodies have n't progressed a lot since you were in third grade ( remember " Jingle Bells , Batman Smells , Robin laid an egg ... " ? ) and you 're appealing to the crowd with a juvenile device that every child flocks when they get tired of knock - knock jokes .
But wait !
Do n't throw away your brand - new Ovation guitar on account of this FAQ .
Music acts do n't have to be hack .
Songs are a good way to close ( nothing like closing on a big performance thing ) and original music or new takes on old styles can be very very funny if you can pull it off ( I'm thinking of Steve Martin 's take on the song his grandmother taught him ) .
But just taking a popular hit and throwing a bunch of dick references in it is pretty lame .
5 c " I know what you 're thinking .
You 're thinking that I 'm the illegitimate son of Mario Andretti and Fred Flinstone ! "
Or any other two people .
I think Judy Carter ( or Gene Perret ) says something about making your first joke about your appearance .
However , this old gag about linking yourself to a celebrity or two is done quite a lot , and never really well .
The only writing you have to do with this joke is to find people who look like you , and what good is that ?
5d " Am I going too fast for you sir ? "
A typical trick is to pick someone up front to turn the audience against by making the person look really stupid , either by pointing out their confusion or by explaining the last joke to them .
I know of at least two comics who pick fun of the same seat at exactly the same time during their acts .
THE HACK'S HANDBOOK also recommends asking the person their name and then repeating the question in sign language as if the person was deaf .
If you truly have an idiot bothering you ( not an uncommon experience ) and you have an interesting way to point out such stupidity , then by all means do it .
But do n't slam somebody for the sole purpose of making you look smarter and do n't just make fun of their speech .
5e The Invisible Prop " So I 'm wearing a beanie with a propeller on it while walking down the aisle of the grocery store ... "
Comic puts hands on imaginary cart , walks around the stage and makes propeller noises .
Audience roars .
This scenario illustrates the " Invisible Prop " .
There 's no punch line .
Nothing is clever about the bit .
But people will laugh up a storm if you can illustrate your bit with second rate pantomime .
Hack comics use this technique to bolster their humor void acts .
Do n't do it , even if you have some incredibly amazing sound effect you want to showcase .
5 f The " List " You burrito munching - no job - zit freak - retard - etc-etc-etc
Is it funny to call someone a burrito muncher ?
Probably not .
Is it funny to tell someone they have no job ?
Nahh .
Is it funny when you call someone a zit freak ?
Nope .
But string them all together , and hilarity ensues .
The longer the list , the funnier it is !
Not only is it an unfunny crutch , but it 's hack .
Rent " White Men Can't Jump " if you need proof .
5g " ... it 's just me "
Hey , does anyone like gay porn ?
Oh , so it 's just me .
Typical crutch guaranteed to get a laugh .
Ask a rhetorical question to which nobody in their right mind would admit to .
Then follow it up with , " It 's just me " .
Oh I get it , the hack denigrated him / herself .
Ha ha ha ha !
Hacks often use this line , but it 's a truly accomplished hack who can use it as a callback -- and believe me , there are plenty who do .
5 h " Did I say that one out loud ? "
Who said that ?
I can't believe I said that !
Hack says an outrageous line .
The line is delivered in such a way that it sounds like it was Ad- libbed .
Hack follows it up with " Did I say that one out loud ? " .
The audience thinks they 've seen the hack says something s/he did n't really want to , when in fact , the line is cold , calculated , and precisely inserted in their routine .
5 i " Well folks , it 's about time for me to get out of here ... "
It does n't take much Show - Business savvy to realize that one should close big .
That means saving your best joke , or most " Performance - heavy " joke for the last .
However , a lot of comics see this as a time to break out all the bells and whistles ( the props , the unicycle , the Elvis jumpsuit , the trained monkey act , etc. etc . )
Do n't rely on some big extravagant wacky thing to get an applause break to leave on .
The audience came to the club to watch something humorous , not a rap song , a guitar solo , a balancing act or a sappy story about how your grandfather just died .
You 're a comic .
Please close with something funny .
Section 6 : YOU FOLKS LIKE IMPRESSIONS ?
6a Jack Nicholson
Please , please , please , do not do Jack Nicholson .
Jack Nicholson is done so often and people have made fun of those comics who do him so much that even poking fun of the Nicholson impression is now a cliche ' .
Just stay away if you value your dignity .
6 b Robert DeNiro
" You talking to me ? "
Yes , I am and you 've almost as over done as Jack .
6 c William Shatner Every sketch show in the world does a Star Trek bit .
Do n't rehash it on stage .
If a bit starts with the phrase " Captain's Log ... " then you 're starting off already with a 99 on the hack meter .
6 f . Elvis
Hey , I can impersonate Elvis !
Why do n't I put him in a wacky situation , like bungi jumping , and sing the Flintstones song in his voice ?
6e Christopher Lloyd as " Reverend Jim " from TAXI I 'm not sure why this is done so much , but it is .
Perhaps it 's an easy impression .
6 f Others to stay away from .
Don Knotts , Louis Armstrong , Jimmy Stewart , Ronald Reagan , Ross Perot .
' Nuff said .
6g Celebrity Impersonaters .
Do n't dress up and act the part of your favorite comic !
Besides the fact that you 'll never be as funny as the original , what would you think of the person who impersonated you ?
Does that thought have the word " loser " in it ?
Section 7 : " THAT REUNION TOWER SURE LOOKS LIKE A PENIS " When a hack comes to a new city on tour , most of their ' new ' jokes about the city will have been done to death .
You can be pretty sure that at least one comedian in Dallas , at some point in their illustrious career , will have noticed that Reunion Tower ( already nicknamed the Dallas Phallus ) looks like a penis .
American comics visiting the UK find it necessary to do Sean Connery impressions .
Everyone in Scotland can do a Sean Connery impression , and might even make a joke in the process , which most visiting comics do n't bother to do .
You do n't have to shy away from doing a truly original take on some aspect of a new city , but the obvious stuff has been done much better by the locals than you can imagine .
Section 8 : I 'M NOT MAKING THESE STOCK LINES UP PEOPLE !
Some stock lines have been around since the age of vaudeville , yet still work because audiences have n't heard them .
But again that does n't mean you should do it just because it gets a yuk .
The following are old lines in the public domain that are undeniably hack .
* ( An overweight comic 's opening )
Let me move the mike stand so you can see me better .
* ( A waitress drops something ) " Just put that anywhere . "
" Keep drinking folks , because the more you drink the funnier the show gets . " * ( point to the microphone ) " There 's a reason they do n't give these things out at the door , pal ! " *
" Hey , I do n't come to where you work and knock the gas pumps out of your hands ( or french fries , or dicks out of your mouth , etc. ) ! * " Hey I remember my first beer ! " * " Where 'd you learn to whisper ?
A rock concert ?
In a helicopter ?
Or some other place where whispering would n't be very effective ! " * " How many of you rent Pornography ? " ( No one answers ) " Yeah , a five billion dollar a year industry and I 'm the only one ! " * " I 'm available for Children 's Parties ! "
( Yeah , you and a thousand other comics who think they 're shocking . )
* " Excuse me , am I interrupting your conversation with my act ? "
SECTION 9 : HOW TO TELL IF A TOPIC WILL BE HACK BEFORE IT IS
Any news story which allows a hack comic to cover a controversial subject by saying " hey , I just saw this on the news ... " will be done to death within two weeks .
Look out for any news story dealing with genitalia ( Viagra , the Lewinsky scandal , ) gruesome murder ( OJ , Dahmer , ) bodily mutilation ( Bobbitt , Harding / Kerrigan , ) or any other taboo subject .
Also , be on the lookout for innocuous news stories where the joke is obvious : Dan Quayle jokes were already rampant when the " potatoe " story broke .
A good gauge of how soon a topic will be hack is to watch Leno , Letterman , and Conan 's monologues the day after the story breaks .
If one of them does a bit about it , the shelf - life is about two weeks .
If two of them cover it , give it one week .
If all three of them cover the story , it 's already hack .
" Wait , does this mean I can't cover any controversial news stories ? "
Of course not .
Try the two - week rule : if it 's a major news story , do the topical bit for two weeks , then drop it or sell it to a hack .
This keeps your act fresh , keeps you writing , and makes it look like you just thought your stuff up .
SECTION 10 : WAIT A SECOND ...
I 'M A HACK !
Do n't panic !
There 's hope for you yet .
All the inventive comics I know started out doing hack material ( I myself began with a Brady Bunch song , an inner child joke and a dream ) .
When you start you do n't know any better .
Learn what you 're doing wrong and keep writing until you find your voice .
And do n't fret if you have a really great joke about a topic that 's a little shaky .
Mike Welch ( welch@ix.netcom.com ) writes : " I feel that an accomplished writer can take on ANY subject , even a HACK one and do something brilliant with it ... at least in theory . "
I agree .
But the rule should be , if everybody 's going to be talking about the same subject , you 'd better make sure that your joke is brilliant .
And that 's what it 's about , is n't it ?
I 'm sure that most of you got into this business because you love the art ( and if you 're getting into it now for the money , then you 've got another thing coming ) .
Art is always reinventing itself and comedy is no exception ( " Good Evening , Ladies and Germs ! " used to be funny ! )
It 's the next generation 's responsibility to determine comedy 's direction and I wish you all good luck in that endeavor .
You 've been a wonderful audience .
Good night !
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
REFERENCES : " The Hack 's Handbook " by Andy Kindler .
NATIONAL LAMPOON February 1991 pp. 34-36
Many thanks goes out to : * Kim Binstead ( kimb@ling.dai.ed.ac.uk ) * Avi Liberman * Sue Lyon ( 100433.2577@compuserve.com ) * Tim Mitchell ( sic@bitstream.net ) * Andy Nulman ( nulman@vir.com ) * Andy Rudge ( andy@comedy.demon.co.uk ) * Chris Pentzell * Arlo Stone * Mike Welch ( welch@ix.netcom.com ) * and Andy Kindler for all their help in putting this together .
This FAQ is Copyright 1995 - 8 by Steven Rosenthal , and is made available as a service to the Internet community .
It may not be sold in any medium , including electronic , CD - ROM , or database , packaged with any commercial product , or published in print , without the explicit , written permission of the author , Steven Rosenthal , and the FAQ maintainer , Steven J. Silberberg ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
( c ) 1995 - 8 Steven Rosenthal stevenr@cinenet.net
----------------
Steve Silberberg ( mailto:stevebo@onramp.net )
Visit the Air Sickness Bag Museum at : http://www.airsicknessbags.com/
FACT : Buff Babes Dig Cut Dudes ! [ Usenet FAQs | Web FAQs | Documents | RFC Index ]
Send corrections / additions to the FAQ Maintainer :
stevebo@onramp.net ( Steve Silberberg )
Last Update March 27 2014 @ 02:11 PM
Obama 's Cairo Speech , One Year On ' A Perceived Lack of Follow - Up '
One year ago , President Barack Obama delivered a powerful address in Cairo aimed at improving America 's relations with the Muslim world .
Dalia Mogahed , who helped draft that speech , spoke to SPIEGEL ONLINE about its impact , Obama 's waning support in the Arab world and the difference between words and action .
Right now , troops trying to listen in on enemy chatter rely on a convoluted process .
They tune into insurgency radio frequencies , then hand the radio over to local interpreters , who translate the dialogues .
It 's a sloppy process , prone to garbled words and missed phrases .
What troops really need is a machine that can pick out voices from the noise , understand and translate all kinds of different languages , and then identify the voice from a hit list of " wanted speakers . "
In other words , a real - life version of * Star Wars * protocol droid C3 PO , fluent " in over 6 million forms of communication . "
Now , the Pentagon 's trying to fast - track a solution that could be a kind of proto - proto - prototype to our favorite gold fussbudget : a translation machine with 98 percent accuracy in 20 different languages .
Darpa , the military 's experimental research agency , is launching the Robust Automatic Translation of Speech program to streamline the translation process .
( That 's " RATS , " for short .
Ouch . )
It 's the latest in a series of Darpa - funded ventures that want to turn foreign - language text and speech into helpful data for English - speaking GIs , and vice versa .
In the early days of the Iraq war , Darpa 's handheld Phraselator gadgets allowed simple English phrases to be spit out in Arabic .
These days , they 're testing prototypes of iPod - sized two - way , speech - to - speech translators , for easier communication between troops and foreign civilians .
The gadgets are 70 percent accurate at translating Iraqi Arabic into English , but depend on a clear signal and little to no background noise .
In 2008 , Darpa awarded $ 5.6 million to BBN Technologies for Madcat , an automated system that works on a laptop or PDA device to do quick text translations – anything from sidewalk graffiti to scribbled notes – in a war zone .
Darpa 's made quick progress with Madcat , and they want RATS to accomplish equally impressive feats with speech .
Much like Madcat can translate even the sloppiest , most illegible writing , Darpa wants RATS to pull speech out of " noisy or degraded signals , " with 99 percent accuracy at distinguishing spoken words from background noise .
The system should also be able to identify , with 98 percent accuracy , the language spoken – with special emphasis on Arabic , Farsi , Pashto , Dari and Urdu .
The RATS software will be programmed with voice - recognition technology , to identify people on a military most - wanted list .
It 'll also be able to automatically detect specific , preselected " key words or phases . "
Darpa 's looking for prototypes that live up to some lofty expectations :
Within six months , they want demos that translate 15 languages among 1,000 different speakers , and identify 100 words or phrases in Arabic , Pashto and Farsi .
The software would have tremendous application in military circles , and trim the Pentagon 's billion - dollar budget for human translators .
But it might be coming sooner to civilians , thanks to Google .
The company 's already mastered multilingual website translation , and ventured into voice recognition with 1 - 800 - Goog - 411 .
The cell phone app allows users to " search " using voice commands on their cellphone .
Each search " teaches " Google 's computers , improving their voice - recognition abilities .
Right now , Google 's app only works in English , but they anticipate a multilingual , cellphone translation system within a few years .
And Darpa 's only budgeting 18 months for the completion of RATS .
With two of the world 's biggest tech - agency superpowers throwing millions into the idea , civilians and war - fighters alike might soon be speaking a universalized language .
Can R2D2 be far behind ?
Photo : Wikimedia
See Also :
The Collection
Fold3 has worked with the US National Archives to bring millions of original records to the Internet for the first time .
Explore Civil
War records that feature everything from personal accounts to historic writings that would shape a nation .
Google Inc. said an internal investigation has discovered that the roving vans the company uses to create its online mapping services were mistakenly collecting data about websites people were visiting over wireless networks .
The Internet giant said it would stop collecting Wi -Fi data from its StreetView vans , which workers drive to capture street images and to locate Wi -Fi networks .
The company said it would dispose of the data it had accidentally collected .
Alan Eustace , senior vice president of engineering and research for Google , wrote in a blog post that the company uncovered the mistake while responding to a German data - protection agency 's request for it to audit the Wi-Fi data , amid mounting concerns that Google 's practices violated users ' privacy .
Google had previously said it was collecting the location of Wi-Fi hot spots from its StreetView vehicles , but not the information being transmitted over those networks by users .
" It 's now clear that we have been mistakenly collecting samples of payload data from open ( i.e. non-password - protected )
Wi-Fi networks , even though we never used that data in any Google products , " wrote Mr. Eustace .
" We are profoundly sorry for this error and are determined to learn all the lessons we can from our mistake . "
The 2010 election is starting to have the bad omens of a well - made horror film if you are sitting in Senator John Cornyn 's spot as head of the NRSC .
He has had a spectacularly bad run , with no apparent ability to control the teabaggers .
Big John was looking like a guy with a pretty good poker hand last year .
Lets take a look at how he 's played his cards :
Florida : Cornyn and the NRSC endorse Governor Charlie Crist only to see the preferred candidate overtaken in the polls by teabagger Marco Rubio .
Worse , Crist leaves the party and runs against Rubio , taking a ton of money Cornyn helped raise with him .
Cornyn and the NRSC endorse Governor Charlie Crist only to see the preferred candidate overtaken in the polls by teabagger Marco Rubio .
Worse , Crist leaves the party and runs against Rubio , taking a ton of money Cornyn helped raise with him .
Utah : Cornyn and the NRSC endorse Senator Bob Bennett only to see a group of angry teabaggers throw him off the ballot .
Cornyn and the NRSC endorse Senator Bob Bennett only to see a group of angry teabaggers throw him off the ballot .
Kentucky : Cornyn and the NRSC endorse Trey Grayson over teabagger Rand Paul .
Paul then proceeds to win the nomination by a landslide .
Cornyn and the NRSC endorse Trey Grayson over teabagger Rand Paul .
Paul then proceeds to win the nomination by a landslide .
Connecticut : Despite the well - positioned Congressman Rob Simmons , the party machinery in the state pushes him aside and nominates a teabagging , self - funding version of PT Barnum .
Despite the well - positioned Congressman Rob Simmons , the party machinery in the state pushes him aside and nominates a teabagging , self - funding version of PT Barnum .
New York : Facing an incumbent , appointed , somewhat unknown Democratic Senator who is below 50 percent in approval , Cornyn still could n't persuade former Gov. George Pataki -- or anyone else of significance for that matter -- to take her on .
Facing an incumbent , appointed , somewhat unknown Democratic Senator who is below 50 percent in approval , Cornyn still could n't persuade former Gov. George Pataki -- or anyone else of significance for that matter -- to take her on .
Washington : Failing to attract a fresh face , Cornyn and the NSRC have thrown themselves all over damaged goods Dino Rossi .
He is still facing the Palin - endorsed teabagger favorite , Clint Didier .
Failing to attract a fresh face , Cornyn and the NSRC have thrown themselves all over damaged goods Dino Rossi .
He is still facing the Palin - endorsed teabagger favorite , Clint Didier .
Nevada : Cornyn threw his support behind Sue " Chicken Barter " Lowden only to see her turn her campaign into a national laughing stock .
She 's now tanking in the polls as teabagger Sharon Angle gains momentum .
From the big mouth of Big John himself :
" A good candidate can make all the difference in the world .
... I have some ideas , " he said .
Fail .
Ratings Agencies , Downgrade U.S. Government Debt Before
It 's Too Late
Dear S&P , Moody ’s , and Fitch ,
You are the world ’s three dominant rating agencies , largely controlling the ratings of bonds and debts issued by thousands of corporations , municipalities , and sovereign governments .
I am the chairman of Weiss Ratings , an independent rating agency .
( See Weiss Ratings ’ press release on MarketWatch or “ Weiss Is Returning to Ratings Business ” in the Wall Street Journal . )
And today , I challenge you to promptly take the bold action that you have so far avoided — to downgrade the long - term credit rating of the U.S. government .
The risk factors impacting U.S. government debt , which I will summarize below , make it abundantly evident that such action is long overdue .
More than ever before — especially in light of your ratings missteps of recent years — you now have the opportunity to rise to the occasion and warn investors of the true risks they face :
Now is your best chance to proactively downgrade Treasury notes and bonds , TIPS , Ginnie Maes , and all other long - term debts issued by government - run entities .
Needless to say , the downgrade would be historic , pressuring Treasury bond prices lower and adding upward pressure to long - term interest rates .
And undoubtedly , as we ’ve seen in response to your recent downgrades of euro - zone countries , backlash from government officials is to be expected .
But as history has proven repeatedly , the consequences of procrastination can be far more serious :
First , without the proper warnings , you help entice millions of hard - working citizens , retirees , and their intermediaries to pour trillions more into a potential debt trap … or at best , to be severely underpaid for the actual risks they are taking .
Second , without the appropriate downgrade , you give policymakers a green light to perpetuate their fiscal follies , further degrading our government ’s ability to meet future obligations .
Worst of all , by continuing to reaffirm America ’s triple - A rating , you help create a false sense of security overall — the recipe for a possible meltdown in the market for U.S. sovereign debts .
In the past , you have often hesitated to downgrade large institutions with deteriorating finances .
Please , do not repeat that error .
If you do , history shows that it can end in disaster , as illustrated by the following four case studies :
Case Study 1 Major Life and Health Insurance Companies Failures of the Early 1990s
In its landmark 1994 study of rating agencies , the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) concluded that you did not downgrade large insurance companies , which subsequently failed , until it was too late for most policyholders :
S&P did not issue a “ vulnerable ” rating for one of the biggest failed companies , Fidelity Banker ’s Life , until six days before the failure ; and for another , Monarch Life , until 351 days after the failure .
Moody ’s , to its credit , was the first to warn about the failure of Executive Life of California .
However , it did not issue a “ vulnerable ” rating on Mutual Benefit Life , the largest insurance company failure , until two days after its demise .
In the same study , the GAO demonstrated that the nation ’s largest insurance rating agency , A.M. Best , also failed to protect the public .
Best did not issue a “ vulnerable ” rating on Executive Life of New York until the day after it failed ; on Fidelity Bankers Life , until two days after it failed ; on Mutual Benefit Life , until three days after it failed ; and on First Capital Life , until five days after it failed .
Moreover , for Monarch Life , Best never issued a “ vulnerable ” rating , instead assigning a non-published rating four days after the company failed .
In the final tally , over six million U.S. policyholders were caught in insurance company failures for which they received little or no warning from established rating agencies .
Case Study 2 Enron Failure of 2001
The New York Times reported that you saw signs of Enron ’s deteriorating finances in May 2001 , but did little to warn investors until at least five months later .
Unfortunately , however , that was long after more problems had emerged and Enron ’s slide into bankruptcy had accelerated .
( See “ Credit Agencies Waited Months To Voice Doubt About Enron . ” )
At the time , you claimed you had no way of knowing about the company ’s internal shenanigans .
But you also admitted that , well before the general public suspected wrongdoing at Enron , you were aware of at least one of the critical factors in the failure — that trusts related to Enron had made financial commitments which were tied to Enron ’s own stock price .
How did you know ?
Because you rated the bonds and notes sold by those same trusts .
Nevertheless , it was n’t until November 28 , just days before Enron filed for Chapter 11 , that you first lowered its debt ratings below investment grade .
Case Study 3 Mortgage Meltdown of 2007 -2008
Congress , regulators , investors , and some of your former executives generally agree that your triple - A ratings on mortgage - backed securities grossly overestimated their credit quality ; that this played a pivotal role in the debt crisis ; and that the primary factor behind your inflated ratings were multiple conflicts of interest between you and the issuers :
Conflict # 1 . As with nearly all other ratings you issue , your mortgage security ratings were paid for by the issuers , empowering them to achieve undue influence over the ratings process .
Conflict # 2 . You earned substantial additional consulting fees to help structure the very securities you rated .
Conflict # 3 . You revealed your ratings formulas to issuers , helping them manipulate their data to game the system and more easily get high grades for their junk securities .
These conflicts help explain why :
Senator Al Franken has now won bipartisan support for a proposal to do away with your three - way oligopoly of the credit ratings industry .
( See Reuters story posted Friday by John Parry , “ U.S. amendment could curb rating agencies ’ power . ” )
Manhattan federal Judge Scheindlin recently denied your motion to dismiss a class - action lawsuit against you claiming fraud — filed by King County , Washington , and Iowa Student Loan Liquidity Corporation ( ” For Big Rating Agencies , the Blows Keep On Comin ’ . ” )
And a California state court has just decided to let the California Public Employees ’ Retirement System go forward with its $ 1 billion lawsuit against you claiming negligent misrepresentation ( ” Calpers Case Against Ratings Agencies Can Go Forward . ” ) .
Case Study 4 Major Investment Bank Failures
In 2008 - 2009 Debt Crisis
When major Wall Street firms suffered deteriorating finances , you could have played a role in warning the public of those failures .
Instead , it appears you chose not to :
Bear Stearns failure :
On the day of the failure , March 14 , 2008 , Moody ’s maintained a rating for Bear Stearns of A2 , the same rating it had published from June 1995 through June 2003 ; S&P was equally generous , giving the firm an A rating until the day of failure ; and Fitch had assigned Bear Stearns an A+ rating throughout the 18 - year period between February 2 , 1990 the failure date .
On the day of the failure , March 14 , 2008 , Moody ’s maintained a rating for Bear Stearns of A2 , the same rating it had published from June 1995 through June 2003 ; S&P was equally generous , giving the firm an A rating until the day of failure ; and Fitch had assigned Bear Stearns an A+ rating throughout the 18 - year period between February 2 , 1990 the failure date .
Lehman Brothers failure :
On the morning of the failure , Moody ’s still gave Lehman Brothers a rating of A2 ; S&P gave it an A ; and Fitch gave it an A +.
On the morning of the failure , Moody ’s still gave Lehman Brothers a rating of A2 ; S&P gave it an A ; and Fitch gave it an A +.
We witnessed a similar pattern of complacency with the failures of New Century Financial , which filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2007 ; Countrywide Financial , which was bought out by Bank of America in 2008 ; Washington Mutual , which filed for bankruptcy in September of that year ; and Wachovia Bank , which was acquired by Wells Fargo by year - end 2008 .
The Consequences of Complacency Can Be Catastrophic
In nearly all the failures I ’ve cited above , publicly available data made the risks evident well in advance .
( See Weiss Ratings study . )
But in virtually every case , rather than protect investors from issuer defaults , your priority seems to have been to shield issuers from investor selling .
And in nearly every case , we now know how catastrophic the consequences have been for investors , for the economy and , ultimately , even for the issuers themselves .
Indeed , if you had not shielded issuers from public scrutiny and selling pressure , they might have acted sooner to bolster their balance sheets .
At a minimum , if you had released prompter , incremental downgrades , you could have given investors the chance to absorb the bad news in smaller doses , helping to avoid much of the shock and panic that ultimately prevailed .
This is why it ’s so vital that you downgrade U.S. government debt now .
Factors Warranting an Immediate Downgrade Of Long - Term U.S. Government Debt
The risk factors justify nothing less :
1. Debts and deficits .
You have recently downgraded sovereign nations with deficit and debt ratios that are equivalent — or even superior — to those of the United States .
Specifically ,
S&P downgraded Spain ’s long - term credit rating on April 28 to AA with a negative outlook , due , in part , to its government debts totaling 59.2 percent of GDP .
In contrast , the United States government and its agencies have total debts equal to 94.7 percent of GDP , or nearly 60 percent more than Spain’s .
S&P downgraded Portugal ’s long - term credit rating on April 27 by two notches , from A+ to A- , citing the risk of a further downgrade should fiscal consolidation fall short of expectations or should concerns over government liquidity mount .
However , in proportion to its economy , Portugal ’s current federal deficit is actually smaller than ours — 8.3 percent of GDP compared to the U.S. deficit at 10.6 percent of GDP .
Greece , at the heart of the crisis , has been downgraded by all three rating agencies .
But even compared to Greece , America ’s deficit / GDP level is only slightly less bad — 10.6 percent in the U.S. vs. 12.2 percent in Greece .
Of course , there are other factors that have prompted you to downgrade these euro - zone countries — such as panic in their financial markets , a sudden disappearance of liquidity for their bonds , and the surging cost of raising new funds .
But it is simply not reasonable to wait for a similar disaster in U.S. government bond markets before downgrading America ’s long - term debt .
2. Outdated arguments .
It appears that you are making special allowances for U.S. debt because of America ’s size and stature in the global financial system .
However , that argument is largely outdated .
Given the greater role played by bailouts since the debt crisis of 2008 , it is the smaller nations that may now have a strategic advantage :
They can usually count on emergency external financing from richer nations or the International Monetary Fund .
The United States cannot .
There ’s simply no other country big enough to bail it out .
3. Vulnerability to capital flight .
The United States is the world ’s largest debtor nation , owing far more to foreign creditors than any other country , leaving the U.S. vulnerable to capital flight .
Yes , the U.S. has a unique advantage — because the dollar is the world ’s primary reserve currency .
But that ’s a double - edge sword :
It also helps ensnare the U.S. into more foreign debts , raising still further America ’s vulnerability level .
4. Aggressive central bank action .
Among all major central banks , the U.S. Federal Reserve has been the most aggressive in buying up low - quality debt , more than doubling the size of America ’s monetary base in just 18 months .
This alone should raise serious questions about the underlying stability of U.S. financial institutions , the sustainability of the U.S. economic recovery , and the long - term ability of the U.S. Treasury to fund and repay its debts .
( See “ Bernanke Running Amuck . ” )
More Threats to America ’s Long - Term Credit
All told , as proposed by Grant ’s Interest Rate Observer , and as summarized here last month in “ 14 Risks With Supposedly ‘ Safest ’ Securities , ” there are many risk factors which you must consider when evaluating America ’s long - term credit rating .
These include :
The U.S. government is now exposed to trillions of dollars in contingent liabilities from its intervention on behalf of financial institutions during the 2008 - 2009 debt crisis .
Mandatory outlays for retirement insurance and health care are expected to increase substantially in future years , with the present value of future expenditures estimated by the Treasury Department at $ 46 trillion .
The U.S. Federal Reserve , as part of its response to the financial crisis , may be exposed to significant credit risk .
The U.S. economy is heavily indebted at all levels , despite recent deleveraging .
U.S. states and municipalities are experiencing severe economic distress and may require intervention from the federal government .
Elected officials may not take the necessary steps to ensure long - term debt sustainability and may take actions counter to the interests of bondholders .
The U.S. dollar may not continue to enjoy reserve currency status and may decline in the future .
A rise in interest rates could adversely affect government finances .
Improper payments by the federal government continue to increase despite the Improper Payments Information Act of 2002 .
The U.S. government has failed its official audit by the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) for 13 years in a row , with 38 material weaknesses found in 24 government departments and agencies .
The case for a U.S. debt downgrade is overwhelming .
I challenge you to take the appropriate action .
Any failure to do so can only enhance the risk of another financial meltdown for which no bailout would be possible .
Sincerely ,
Martin D. Weiss , Ph.D. Chairman and Founder , Weiss Ratings
This investment news is brought to you by Money and Markets .
Money and Markets is a free daily investment newsletter from Martin D. Weiss and Weiss Research analysts offering the latest investing news and financial insights for the stock market , including tips and advice on investing in gold , energy and oil .
Dr. Weiss is a leader in the fields of investing , interest rates , financial safety and economic forecasting .
To view archives or subscribe , visit http://www.moneyandmarkets.com.
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
In June I had the opportunity to talk about approaches to parallel programming in Haskell at Open Source Bridge : “ a new conference for developers working with open source technologies and for people interested in learning the open source way . ”
Here are the slides ( :: PDF ) , and the source that accompanied the tutorial :
The abstract for the session :
﻿﻿Haskell is a functional language built for parallel and concurrent programming .
You can take an off - the - shelf copy of GHC and write high performance parallel programs right now .
This tutorial will teach you how to exploit parallelism through Haskell on your commodity multicore machine , to make your code faster .
We will introduce key parallel programming models , as implemented in Haskell , including : semi-explicit parallelism via sparks
explicit parallelism via threads and shared memory
software transactional memory and look at how to build faster programs using these abstractions .
We will also look at the engineering considerations when writing parallel programs , and the tools Haskell provides for debugging and reasoning about parallel programs .
This is a hands on tutorial session : bring your laptops , there will be code !
In this Instructable , we will be adding fans , a heatsink , and 9 dB antenna to the LINKSYS WRT54G series router for use with DD - WRT firmware upgrade !
These routers are …well … awesome .
Before we begin I wanted to provide a rundown on the router to spark your interest , especially if you ’ve never caught wind of its awesomeness !
J
They have been implemented in more scenarios than almost any other router on the market due to cost , ease of use , and potential abilities .
With the GL being Newegg.com ‘s number one selling wireless router as well as on the sites Top Ten sold of ALL products ( as of today 5/10/2010 ) and the GS reported in New York Times Online Top 10 Most Popular Routers worldwide ( as of today 5/10/2010 ) , you cannot go wrong with this little wolf in sheep ’s clothing .
helped to set the 2nd place world record for unamplified Wi -Fi distance in Venezuela @ 173 miles !!!!
Second only to the $ 100 XR5 on a $ 190 PCEngine WRAP board at 189 miles in Italy .
Recap here
The $ 50 WRT54G with DD - WRT firmware in a parabolic dish setupto set the 2 place world record for Wi-Fi distance in Venezuela @!!!!
Second only to the $ 100 XR5 on a $ 190 PCEngine WRAP board atin Italy .
Recap here Long Range Wi-Fi Wiki
Most versions of this router have the ability to upgrade its firmware to an open - source Linux build called DD - WRT downloadable from DD - WRT ( free ) .
If you decide to upgrade to a firmware on this site , PLEASE read ALL the directions , FAQ , Wiki and Forum EXTREMELY THUROUGHLY , as improper firmware flashing can leave you with a very expensive paperweight .
I cannot stress this enough !
You have been warned !
With a ( somewhat ) simple upgrade to the appropriate firmware , this $ 40 - $ 60 router can save you hundreds of dollars and open up a seemingly endless amount of capabilities ( and void the warranty ) .
Chances are though , if you ’re confident in performing these upgrades , you could n’t give a darn about warranties .
You ’ve already voided more of them than you care to keep track of .
AmIright ?
The purpose of upgrading this router is so that we can safely use the " DD - WRT " firmware " Overclocking " and " Increased Transmit " functions to their max without having to worry about overheating issues !
Note : I ’ve heard several people arguing that adding heatsinks is not necessary ; that they have maxed theirs out without any problems .
I have personally burned out 2 of these units , and had serious stability issues in others due to overheating by maxing out without extra heatsinks at the very least .
Please refrain from filling the comments section with “ You do n’t need heatsinks or fans ” comments or the likes .
If you do n’t want to install them , keep it to yourself .
Thank you !
J
This type of upgrade is most useful in very large households , businesses , neighborhood - Wi - Fi , trailer parks , RV parks , campsites , etc .
With this one I ’ll be using it for an ad- supported neighborhood Wi -Fi which provides both an internet source for people who cannot afford it , but also a way to reduce costs for the person who pays for the source connection - usually high speed cable service that a single household will never fully utilize ; unless you have a pirate in the midst .
( YaaarRrRR , I cannot condone piracy , mateys ! )
In this Instructable I will not be covering flashing the router with DD - WRT , nor will I covering its configuration .
That is one thing that is far too router specific for me to want to post .
You can however find out all the information you need at the DD - WRT website .
!!
WARNING !!
Do NOT buy antenna on ebay !
I have personally purchased a pair of " 9 dB Antenna " from a VERY reputable seller .
They did not reach anywhere near 9dB .
If you follow this instructable and use antenna you got from ebay , do n't complain when it doesnt work .
Having said everything I wanted to get out of the way : I hope you and all the wonderful Instructable enthusiasts enjoy this Instructable !
Comments , suggestions and questions are highly encouraged !
The sky above Porsche 's North American headquarters hosted a Mini banner this morning that read " Dear Porsche , Bring It ! Love , Mini . "
It appears Mini is n't backing down from its challenge , even if Porsche is .
Porsche Refuses To Race Mini Porsche has declined Mini's offer to pit a 911 Carrera S against Mini Cooper S at Road Atlanta next Read more
Advertisement
Mini's challenge to Porsche last week offered to let the German company put its 911 Carrera S up against the Mini Cooper S at Road Atlanta .
Porsche attempted to politely wave off the challenge , but the company did invite Mini to enter a " real " racing series .
Advertisement
This morning , Mini hired a plane to tow a banner around Porsche 's North American headquarters in Atlanta with the message " Dear Porsche , Bring It ! Love , Mini . "
This likely wo n't make Porsche change its mind , but it's both entertaining and good Mini PR , especially for considering the upcoming launch 2011 Mini Cooper .
Here 's Mini president Jim McDowell trying to up the stakes with Justin Bieber passes , the Salami of the Month Club , and other ridiculousness :
2011 Mini Cooper Gets Two More Horsepower Details of the 2011 Mini Cooper have leaked early and the refresh is so subtle we doubt most will …
Read more
( Hat tip to Chad ! )
Photo Credit : Snufflesquare
ZDF - Programmchef schützt Lobbyisten Peter Muehlbauer
Martin Sonneborn soll nicht weiter aufdecken dürfen , wie den Zuschauern Informationen vorenthalten werden
Martin Sonneborn war früher einmal Chefredakteur der Titanic und macht derzeit unter anderem Beiträge für die im ZDF gesendete Satiresendung heute show .
Dabei fand er heraus , wie selbstverständlich Lobbyisten davon ausgehen , dass seine Kollegen aus den Redaktionen der Nachrichtensendungen " heute " und " heute - journal " ihnen gehorsam bei der Arbeit helfen .
Sonneborn hatte Peter Schmidt , einen Lobbyisten der Pharmaindustrie , nämlich mit einer durchaus wahrheitsgemäßen aber missverständlichen Aussage für ein Interview geködert und damit eines der typischen Täuschungsmittel verwendet , die auch PR , Werbung und Politik gegenüber der Öffentlichkeit einsetzen .
Konkret hatte der Ex- Titanic - Chefredakteur " um ein Interview für das ZDF " gebeten , das er " nach Möglichkeit in einer der ' heute ' - Sendungen , bevorzugt im ' heute - journal ' platzieren " wolle .
Schmidt erwartete von den Mitarbeitern dieser beiden Sendungen offenbar solch ein Ausmaß an gebührenfinanzierter Zuarbeit für seine Interessen , dass er Sonneborn nicht nur die vorbereiteten PR - Sätze ins Mikrofon sagte , sondern ihm darüber hinaus auch erklärte , was er bewusst auslässt und verschweigt , weil es in der Öffentlichkeit nicht gut ankommt .
Als Sonneborn schließlich genau diese Passagen für seinen Beitrag verwendete , fiel der Pharmalobbyist , der vom öffentlich - rechtlichen Rundfunk anscheinend ganz anderes gewohnt ist , aus allen Wolken und beschwerte sich über die " Schweinerei " .
Mit Erfolg : Denn der ZDF - Programmchef
Thomas Bellut ordnete nicht etwa – wie man erwarten könnte – eine Überprüfung und Säuberung jener Nachrichtenproduktionsteams an , die bei Schmidt und Konsorten den Eindruck erweckt haben könnten , dass die Anstalt alles für die Pharmaindustrie negative ganz selbstverständlich verschweigt , sondern verbot Sonneborn und anderen Autoren der heute show , bei ihrer Arbeit die geschützten Marken " heute " und " heute - journal " zu verwenden .
According to my former co-host : “ First , it is the single biggest impediment to the stock market going higher .
And a lot of this has to do with what 's not being talked about enough with how it 's going to be paid for and also about what it will do to small business formation .
This bill is a disaster for both . ”
I can't say I disagree ...
More on CNBC.com including :
Questions ?
Comments , send your emails to : lkudlow@kudlow.com
Hey Gang !
A fun new fan - made Batman short film has been released online called City of Scars .
The 30 minute movie focuses on Batman as he is pushed past his psychological limits to the point of focusing only on revenge on all who stand in his way .
When the Joker escapes from Arkham and murders the parents of a young boy , Batman recalls the pain of losing his own parents as a child .
He is pushed past his limits to the point where his focus becomes revenge on all who stand in his way , including many of Gotham ’s underworld .
Finally , Batman is forced to look at the psychological profile of his own mind and except the consequences of his life to find resolve .
The short was written and directed by Aaron Schoenke .
He shot the movie on 21 day schedule using HD cameras , and a $ 27,000 budget .
You can tell this film was inspired by Sandy Collora 's Batman : Dead End .
Only Collora 's film was way better .
I have to admit , I 'm not really that impressed with the short , but maybe some of the other comic book movie fans out there will like it .
I think it 's cool they went out and shot an independent Batman movie !
I just thought it was a little too slow .
Not sure I would have spent $ 27,000 to make this thing .
We 've seen short films done for much less that are way better .
Check out the movie below and tell us what you think about it .
OK , folks we are just an hour away from the US taking on the boys from down under in their final prep match for the World Cup and like the teams playing , I am going to use this match to prep for the excitement that is just 6 days away .
I will be following the match and posting updates every 10 minutes ( or when someone scores ) , so you can follow the action and my comments here , of course you can post your comments about the match as well .
Remember that this match is being broadcast live on ESPN 2 ( in the US ) , is available online via ESPN 3 and of course you can also follow the action using the match tracker from US Soccer .
The lineup for the US is in : Tim Howard , Carlos Bocanegra , Michael Bradley , Steve Cherundolo , Clint Dempsey , Landon Donovan , Ricardo Clark , Edson Buddle , Jay Demerit , Robbie Findley , and Clarence Goodson .
For the Aussie it will be : Schwarzer , Neill , Moore , Cahill , Culina , Wilkshire , Kennedy , Chipperfield , Grella , Garcia , and Breciano .
We are just minutes away from the start of the match , US Soccer 's match tracker is doing a nice job of keeping fans informed of all their World Cup offerings , meanwhile ESPN 2 is covering some fishing events and showing some guys doing the work on the new NatGeo Great White shark series .
0 - 10 minutes :
The US are in their typical 4 - 4 - 2 , while the Aussies will come out in a 4 - 5 - 1 , and play by play is provided by Martin Tyler , perhaps one of the most wekk known voices in all of world football .
I still am not sure if the constant sound of the horns is a good thing , or going to drive me damm crazy by July 11th , but they are clearly not going away .
Wow , the view of the plains behind the stadium are amazing , and both teams appear to be very well supported by their fans , and a great number of locals appear to be in the crowd as well .
This is n't a World Cup venue but , the views of the area around the stadium make it easy to understand why so many people are excited for the upcoming days in South Africa .
This is only the 3rd time that the US and Australia have faced each other .
The whistle blows and we are underway , one has to wonder what the fire is in the background and if it will impact the match in any way ?
A good take away by Landon , and a little run by Robbie Findley is broken up by the backline of the Aussies , and the guys in yellow and green look to reorganize .
The US take over and are moving the ball around as they look for any cracks in the formation of the Soccerroos , and a ball played into to the area and a header by Landon does n't do much but the US keep the pressure on and Robbie forces a turnover and Edson takes it and fires a shot past Schwarzer and the US is up 1 - 0 in just the 4th minute of action .
You have to feel great for Buddle , a guy who 5 weeks ago was nowhere on the radar of most people and now he is on the USMNT at the World Cup and scoring goals .
A nice shot of Jozy on the bench , as the Aussies continue to control most of the possession of the match and the US get the ball off a turnover and have moved forward in numbers but a foul is called and the ball goes back over to the Aussies .
I am impressed at how the US is doing in pressuring the ball , but a foul gives a free kick to Australia about 15 yards out but it is cleared out for a corner kick .
The effort is OK , but Timmy is there to catch the ball and it goes back over to the US .
More after the Jump
10 - 20 minutes :
Well the Aussie keeper is struggling a bit and loses a ball out for a US corner kick , but it goes out and back over to the Aussies .
The US is again in possession of the ball and looking for ways to get forward , but the long ball is a bit too long and out of the range of even the speed Findley .
The pressure of the US is causing some real issues for Australia early on in this match and the questions about Findley will start as he gets behind the defense , goes one on one with the keeper , gets around him and then fires a shot that goes wide of the net that was wide open .
Robbie is going to want that one back , and will need to do better on those chances .
In his defense he was about to get a whole lot of pressure from behind as the defense was reacting quickly , and may have just rushed his chance .
Funny that the English are using David Beckham as part of their scouting team at the match , considering he has played with two of the US starters .
I really think that Buddle and Findley have got the defense of the Aussies on their heels , as they try to figure out how to deal with them .
The Aussies get another corner kick , and Cahill puts it past Howard and the score is 1 - 1 .
Not sure how he got there unmarked , it looked like maybe it was Dempsey who missed out on keeping him covered on that set piece .
20 - 30 minutes :
That was the 20th international goal for Cahill , the offside flag is up on Findley and the Aussie answer with a long ball and the US breaks that up , and then turn it back over and Landon commits a foul 10 yards out of the area .
The effort goes out for a goal kick , but the US can't keep possession , so the Aussies are back on the attack .
Another corner kick for the Aussies , but this time the US clear it out of danger and eventually go back on the attack , not sure what Landon was thinking on that one but his effort was clearly long for Dempsey who was making a run into the box .
The US is back on the attack and Dempsey fires a shot , deflected but Findley is unable to get there but it goes out for a US corner kick but that is cleared out of the area but the US keeps it and look to reorganize but a bad cross by Donovan goes out for a Australia throw in .
The US take back over as they look to set up again , but a long ball goes right to the keeper , I do have to say that the ball is getting a lot of talk already , and the way it has been moving actually seems very different than the way the same version used by MLS moves .
Wilkshire takes a shot but Howard is there and the US is now back on the attack .
30 - 40 minutes :
A foul on Findley gives the US a set piece from about 15 yards outside of the area but it is cleared out for a US throw in .
A good ball in by Steve and Edson heads it down and past the keeper and it is now 2 - 1 for the US .
The Aussies try to answer but Garcia 's header is out for a US goal kick .
Well fi you were wondering who would get the start next week next to Jozy , I think that Edson has claimed that spot .
Bad defensive mistake by the US , and Kennedy almost makes it 2 - 2 , but he fails to get his header on target .
You have to believe that the US defense will be a bit more solid when Gooch is back able to be a part of the back four .
Robbie shows some grit in the midfield and keeps the ball for the US and a hard foul on Dempsey , who is n't happy about it and he shows yellow cards to Moore for the post foul action , and Clint gets a card for his reaction .
You can't lose your cool like that at this level and the announce team are right , next week those both are red cards .
After the cards both sides seem to be looking for ways to avoid contact with the opposing team , and perhaps just looking forward to the halftime break .
40 - halftime :
Neither team has had much possession over the last few minutes , I have to say that neither side is looking overly impressive on the narrow pitch , but the US has been the more creative team and had more chances to look dangerous , while the boys from down under have done a better job of keeping possession , but the score board still shows the US with the 2 - 1 lead .
Looks like Moore and Findley have bumped heads while going for a ball , but both appear to be OK .
The Aussies lose it and the US get a throw in , and then a foul gives the US another free kick from about 15 yards outside of the box , as they look to add a late goal to their first half total but it eventually goes out for a goal kick .
The whistle blows and we are at the half with the US up 2 - 1 .
Halftime :
So while the US is leading , I think they need to do a much better job of possessing the ball .
If they are going to play a high pressure , attack oriented style of play it will key around keeping possession of the ball .
I do like the way they are attacking the ball , and well what can you say about Edson Buddle , whose efforts in this match are as impressive as his 9 MLS goals are this year .
45 - 55 minutes :
Some changes for each side , as Howard is out and Hahnemann is in for the US , and Cahill is out and being replaced by Valeri .
Dempsey was ready to make a run but nodoby was able to get the ball to him .
A foul away from the ball as Clark commits a foul and the Aussies get a free kick but it is cleared out of danger but they keep possession of it .
Some very sloppy defense by the US as the ball rolls across the face of goal , England would n't let a chance like that go without taking advantage of it .
Robbie gets bodied off the ball , but the US keep possession and Michael Bradley fires a shot which is a good 10 feet too high and goes out for an Aussie goal kick .
Wow Cherundolo's header back to Hahnemann is ugly and goes out for a corner kick , but they do n't do much with it .
Impressive effort by Landon to keep the ball in play , then a shot by Buddle rebounds to Findley , who hits the crossbar , and then Bradley 's shot is saved and a diving header by Dempsey finds the back of the net but the flag is up for some reason and the score is still 2 - 1 .
So twice Robbie has had great opportunities , and twice he has n't found the back of the net .
I do think the announce team is a bit critical of him , as this one was deflected off the keeper to him and I am not sure how much of his effort was shot and how much was the ball deflecting off of him .
Bornstein is in and Bocanegra is out .
55 - 65 minutes :
The US is picking up the pace a bit , after the Aussies controlled most of the first 10 minutes of the second half , I think those efforts on goal has given the US some new energy .
Wow Buddle stopped his run a bit early as Robbie simply out run 3 Aussie defenders , and the pass ended up going out for a goal kick instead of into the back of the net for Buddle .
The Aussies are putting up some pressure on the US defenders and looking to take advantage of Hahnemann , who seems to be struggling a bit .
Well it looks like Bob has seen enough of the defense struggling for the last 10 minutes or so , and Gooch is coming in for Goodson , who actually did n't play poorly .
The Aussies make a change as well as Viddsic is in for Culina .
A nice long ball by Australia and it earns them a corner kick , and while they are unable to take advantage of it , it is n't because of the defense of the US , which is looking very questionable .
The US is on the attack , the ball in the box but Landon is unable to do much with it and it goes back the other way .
65 - 75 minutes :
The Aussies have done a much better job of pressuring the US defense in the second half , and again have earned a corner kick , and Hahnemann comes out and totally misses the ball to leave a wide open net , but the Aussies are unable to take advantage of it .
A decent save by Gooch clears it out but the US again are unable to keep possession so they must take up a defensive position again .
Kennedy goes one on one with Gooch and as so many others have found out , if you do that you lose .
A nice nutmeg on the keeper , that is the highlight of the last 10 minutes or so for the US team .
OK , I am going to say it right now , if the US loses Howard in goal , they will be in real trouble .
Garcia is out and Rukavtsya is in for the Aussies .
Guzan looked questionable against the Turks last week , and Hahnemann has looked questionable in this one .
Is it the sun in his eyes ?
Hard to say , but I am not impressed with his efforts since coming in .
Some good offensive moves by the US , and a hard foul on Dempsey and the US is passing the ball around and of course they turn it over and the Aussie fire a shot that is pushed out by Hahnemann for a corner kick , which is poorly taken .
75 - 85 minutes :
For the US , it is a bad half so far as they simply do n't look as sharp as they did in the first half .
It is almost a mirror of the Turkey match last week .
OK , that was a nice run of play for the US , some good passing in the midfield but Dempsey can't get to the final cross by Donovan .
US change as Buddle is out and DMB is into the match , in the 79th minute .
Some good efforts in the last few minutes by the US , but so far they have n't been able to finish it off with the 3rd goal .
Another change for the US , as Clint 's day is done and Herculez Gomez is on .
The Aussie corner kick is n't impressive and their eventual shot is less than steallar and goes out for a US goal kick .
The US is on the attack and a good run by Landon , who seems to have found some more energy the last 20 minutes or so and helped the US look more dangerous .
OK if you are going to be critical of the effort of Findley , which I am OK with , that attempted pass by Herc was the worst of the night as it ended up behind the wide open Findley .
85 - final :
DMB is down on the sideline , neither side is doing much right now as both teams seem to be looking towards the final whistle .
A run by the Aussies earn them a deep throw in , and the US have trouble clearing it and a foul is called on Herculez and a free kick from about 10 yards outside of the box and into the all goes the shot .
Robbie is down on the pitch as it looks like he either twisted his ankle or got stepped on while he was in the wall .
3 minutes of stoppage time , as the US tries to hold onto the lead , a run by Robbie but his shot goes wide and while Herculez was looking for the pass , the two defenders between the two players were clearly going to prevent any type of quality service .
Martin has it right , this was Edson Buddle 's day , and you know that the English are going to take notice of what he was able to do .
Wow a ball into the middle by Donovan , and Gomez is there and he just redirects it on goal and the US is now up 3 - 1 and the win will be theirs and they head into next weekends match with a good deal of momentum .
The final whistle blows and for me it is clear that for the US the effort and energy of the first half is the highlight of the match .
No player was better than Edson Buddle , but Landon was a close second as he made some great runs .
I think Robbie Findley will be doing some thinking about how he did n't take advantage of his 3 incredible chances today .
The second half was n't impressive as the US was on their heels and the efforts of the defense was n't nearly up to the standard that will be required over the next 5 weeks .
OFF MY SOAPBOX
Senator Charles Schumer ( D - NY ) addresses the gala banquet of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) annual policy conference in Washington , March 22 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Jonathan Ernst
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Senator Charles Schumer said he would introduce legislation that would prevent airlines from charging a fee for carry - on bags .
Schumer , a New York Democrat , said he would press the Treasury Department to issue an administrative rule that would define carry - on bags as a “ reasonable necessity ” to prevent airlines from imposing such charges , calling them a “ slap in the face to travelers . ”
Schumer said if the Treasury Department cannot close what he dubbed a loophole in the law , he will introduce legislation that would mandate carry - on bags as reasonably necessary for air travel .
“ Airline passengers have absorbed fees upon new fees over the last several years and they are hitting the boiling point , ” Schumer said in an e-mail Sunday .
Last week , privately held Spirit Airlines announced it would charge up to $ 45 for carry - on luggage , and would lower the base fares of its flights .
Schumer said Spirit ’s move could spur other airlines to impose similar fees .
Japan 's consumer prices continued their long stretch of declines in May , falling for the 15th straight month , providing a reality check to any suggestion that an end to the nation 's deflationary problem is just around the corner .
Further stoking concerns that entrenched price falls could choke off the country 's economic recovery , the core consumer price index , which excludes volatile fresh food prices , dropped 1.2 % from a year earlier in May , compared with a 1.5 % fall in April , data from the Ministry of Internal Affairs and ...
The euro fell further against the dollar , hitting a new 14 - month low .
The euro has tumbled against the dollar since last fall as faith in Europe 's shared currency dwindles .
Greece 's debt crunch is widely seen as a test of Europe 's ability to restore fiscal discipline to the weak economies in its union and keep the decade - old currency viable .
" It 's going to drop further , " Tim Speiss , chairman of the personal wealth advisers practice at Eisner LLP in New York , said of the euro .
The dollar 's rise pushed commodities prices lower , especially oil .
That sent prices of oil companies like ExxonMobil and Chevron lower .
Greece passed a bill in its Parliament after heated debate that calls for unpopular cuts in public spending in pensions and other areas , as well as tax increases .
Greece needed to approve the austerity measures to be eligible to receive a $ 141.9 billion aid package from the International Monetary Fund and the 15 other countries that use the euro .
Greece needs access to an initial portion of the money by May 19 to cover $ 11.6 billion in debt payments , or it likely will default .
Even if Greece gets the money , there are still worries that the loans would be only a temporary fix to a growing debt problem across the continent .
Portugal and Spain have also seen their debt ratings downgraded .
In economic news , the Labor Department said new claims for jobless benefits fell lass than expected last week .
It also said productivity rose more than forecast in the first quarter , but that was due in part to a drop in labor costs , which is a negative signal for consumer spending .
The report comes a day ahead of the government 's April jobs report .
It is widely seen as the most important economic report .
Treasury prices rose , pushing interest rates down in the bond market .
The yield on the benchmark 10 - year Treasury note fell to 3.41 percent from 3.54 percent late Wednesday .
William Faulkner 's
As I Lay Dying is widely considered one of the great American novels .
Quite an accomplishment , especially considering that Faulkner wrote the novel in six weeks while working at a power plant in 1929 - 30 .
Read more about his day jobs here .
Thanks to HarperCollins , you can now listen to Faulkner , himself , reading from his masterpiece : .au file ( 4.4 Mb ) , .gsm file ( 0.9 Mb ) , .ra file ( 0.5 Mb ) .
The audio can be a little difficult to make out at times .
But you can read right along with the text in Google Books .
Enjoy .
Thanks MS .
For more audio classics , check out our collection of Free Audio Books .
This paper has been tentatively accepted for publication with revisions in the journal Mosiac .
When the final version becomes available , a link will be provided here .
Talking Points : Drug Testing is Job -Based Discrimination
Drug testing does not protect public safety .
It serves mainly to identify and ban cannabis consumers from the workforce , or sanction them at the workplace or schools .
Drug Testing primarily targets people who use marijuana , as the other drugs which are tested dissipate very quickly .
Marijuana may remain detectable for up to 90 days -- long after the effects are felt .
Often people who have never done any drugs will fail a drug test as a result of false positives and inaccuracies within the testing industry itself .
Drug testing has nothing to do with impairment and everything to do with discrimination and is a violation of our human rights .
Potential ramifications of drug testing are loss of jobs or reputation , loss of benefits and pensions , loss of custody of children , denial of transplants , and revocation of probation or parole &emdash ; landing more people in jail ( thus , increasing the prison industrial system ) .
The National Academy of Sciences formed the Committee on Drug Use in the Workplace -- a team of nationally recognized experts -- to study the effectiveness of drug testing .
They spent three years collecting , studying and synthesizing every significant study on the impact of drug use in the workplace .
It was published in book form in 1994 as Under the Influence : Drugs and the American Workforce .
Much of the information in this report was derived from this study .
Employers have relied on information provided by drug testing promoters who have an inherent conflict of interest on the topic .
Drug Testing products and services are now a multi-billion dollar industry which rely on the magnification of the severity of drug - related problems in the workplace and extolling the benefits of drug testing as a solution .
They market drug testing with the promise that they will improve productivity and profits .
They use bogus studies to arrive at estimates of " costs of lost productivity . "
The Research Triangle Institute researchers " found no difference in the annual incomes of households with and without current marijuana users or with users of other drugs . "
According the American Management Association , only 8 percent of companies with drug testing programs had performed any cost - benefit analysis .
The NAS stated , " the data do not provide clear evidence of the deleterious effects of drugs other than alcohol on safety and other job performance indicators . "
Researchers found that workers testing positive at the time of hire were no more likely than workers testing negative to become involved in an accident .
The NAS claimed , " Illicit drugs contribute little to the overall rate of industrial accidents . "
This is because most workers who use illicit drugs never use them at work .
And , when they do so , it is in a way that does not affect their work performance .
In comparing the residual effect of occasional off - duty stimulant use , they found it to be no more profound than the effects that occur following " sleep deprivation in the absence of drug use . "
Moderate use of illicit drugs by workers during off - duty hours was no more likely than moderate off - duty alcohol use to compromise workplace safety .
Drug testing does not test impairment .
As a result , drug tests mainly identify drug users who may have used a drug on the weekend , as they might use alcohol , and who are not under the influence of a drug while at work or when tested .
It takes several hours for drug metabolites to appear in urine , so drug tests may miss drug users who are under the influence of drugs at the time the test is given .
Using the Kaiser Permanente data , researchers found no significant differences between health care costs for marijuana users to non-users .
Drug testing deters highly qualified workers from applying .
They may be users who do not want to give up their use , or people who are opposed to giving up their privacy , or are civil libertarians .
Many employers in high tech industries have discontinued drug testing programs as they limit their ability to hire qualified workers .
Drug testing programs impact morale and job satisfaction finding urine collection to be " degrading and demeaning " and humiliating .
At the time of collection , workers fill out a form to reveal personal information about medications they may be taking .
This information can be used against them even for legally prescribed medications .
Firms with pre-employment testing , compared with [ High tech ] firms with no drug testing at all , scored 16 percent lower on productivity measures .
" Companies that relate to employees positively with a high degree of trust are able to obtain more effort and loyalty in return . "
Alternatives to Drug Testing Rather than submit a person to drug testing , why not use the traditional method of checking references to find out about an potential employee ?
Supervisors need to be trained to identify , confront , or refer impaired employees to Employee Assistance Programs or other intervention programs .
Impairment testing not only detects people who are impaired by drugs and alcohol , but also by sleep deprivation stress , fatigue , emotional problems including anxiety , sickness or other health problems , over - the counter medications , prescription medications , or those who are otherwise not able to perform safely .
Impairment due to illicit drugs is statistically much less likely than impairment from other factors .
These tests , once administered , can improve safety far better than drug tests can .
They are not discriminatory .
Rather , they measure everyone equally by their performance which is the most significant factor in employment .
Denying an addict employment through drug testing is also a sure way to keep him or her using drugs and alcohol ( making the addicts life more unbearable with jail time , monetary fines , criminal records , and reducing odds of improving life ) .
There is a growing number of people who will suffer when they are falsely labeled drug users by the inaccuracies of drug testing .
People will unjustly be denied a driver 's license , evicted from their homes , and be denied their rights and government benefits Anybody being treated for depression , anxiety , heart disease , ulcers , insomnia , diabetes , or high blood pressure may be ' screened out ' and denied employment as a result of drug testing .
This has nothing to do with marijuana use .
It is related to the medical information gathered at the drug testing site .
Contamination on glassware has been shown to cause a 3 to 5 percent false positive rate .
The majority of labs do n't follow any guidelines
Their accuracy rate is about 82 % .
The bulk of errors could be attributed to inadequate personnel , poor management , broken chain of custody , faulty maintenance , and faulty transmissions of reports and records , rather than the tests themselves .
No government or industry agency is responsible for monitoring the quality of work done at these labs .
The false positive rate has been shown to vary widely from 0.8 to 60 % .
Despite having a 4 - 34 % false positive rate , the EMIT has been the most widely used immunological assay for detection of drugs of abuse in urine .
Back up tests are only required for federal employees .
More sophisticated tests require more training of lab technicians .
Inadequately trained techs cause more false positives .
Most drugs , including cocaine and marijuana , bind and incorporate into the hair of African Americans 10 to 50 times greater than drugs are incorporated into the hair of Caucasians .
Hair testing is extremely poor at identifying current drug use because the maximum amount of drug is deposited one to two months after drug use and is often not detectable until weeks after use .
Hair can be contaminated by second - hand smoke .
People have reported testing positive up to six months after use in hair testing !
This is unreasonable search and seizure , threatening the 4th amendment protections against such abuse .
This treats people like they are guilty until proven innocent , reversing the presumption of innocence which is the basis of our democratic society .
Drug testing also makes individuals lose all control over who has access to their confidential medical information .
Marijuana tests positive 14 to 30 days after use .
Discriminates against medical marijuana patients .
If it is inaccurate and it does not test for impairment or performance , then what good is it ?
If impairment is really a concern , there is a far less expensive , accurate , computerized , performance test available , which would test for that .
Drug War Facts :
A congressional committee estimated that the cost of each positive in governmental testing was $ 77,000 .
Since drug tests test for marijuana , it may cause people to use harder drugs that go through the system faster ( like alcohol and LSD that are not tested )
Enployers may lose workers from false positives that could be attributed to common foods , over - the counter preparations , and prescription medications .
In a famous drug testing study , employees who tested positive at Georgia Power had a higher promotion rate than the company average , and workers that tested positive only for marijuana were absent 30 % less often than the average .
Th drug testing industry is comprised of manufacturers of equipment and chemicals , laboratories , medical review officers , consultants , and lobbyists .
Insurance companies use " after accident " tests to deny people benefits .
Despite the fact that alcohol is the most prevalent drug causing work related accidents and that alcohol addiction is much more costly to employers than all illicit drugs combined , the focus is on illicit drugs in the workplace .
There is no differentiation between responsible use and abuse .
People call us regularly , complaining that despite a commendable work record with years of responsible job performance , they are being fired and losing their pensions because of a drug test .
This is not right .
People are losing their jobs and pensions based on false positives .
We know of a man who was sent back to prison for a year for eating a sandwich with poppy seed bread ( without the courtesy of a re-test ) which tested positive for opiates .
Twenty years ago , the population was not subjected to this invasion of their privacy , and the workplace survived nicely .
It is not necessary now .
If an employer can not tell that someone is not performing their job , then they have no reason to test .
The American people are supposed to live in a free country .
We are not owned by our employers ( that went out with slavery ) or our schools , so we should not be subjected to this kind of " arbitrary interference " with our privacy .
It is unconstitutional !
Just say " NO " to drug testing !
Questions and Answers about drug testing Q : Do n't employers have the right to expect their employees not to be high on drugs on the job ?
A : Of course they do .
Employers have the right to expect their employees not to be high , stoned , drunk , or asleep .
Job performance is the bottom line :
If you cannot do the work , employers have a legitimate reason for firing you .
But urine tests do not measure job performance .
Q : If you do n't use drugs , you have nothing to hide -- so why object to testing ?
A : Innocent people do have something to hide : their private life .
The " right to be left alone " is , in the words of the late Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis , " the most comprehensive of rights and the right most valued by civilized men . "
Analysis of a person 's urine can disclose many details about that person 's private life other than drug use .
It can tell an employer whether an employee or job applicant is being treated for a heart condition , depression , epilepsy or diabetes .
It can also reveal whether an employee is pregnant .
This can affect one 's chances of getting hired or not .
Urine tests are body searches , and they are an unprecedented invasion of privacy .
The standard practice , in administering such tests , is to require employees to urinate in the presence of a witness to guard against specimen tampering .
In the words of one judge , that is " an experience which even if courteously supervised can be humiliating and degrading . "
Noted a federal judge , as he invalidated a drug - testing program for municipal fire - fighters , " Drug testing is a form of surveillance , albeit a technological one . "
Q : Are drug tests reliable ?
A : No , the drug screens used by most companies are not reliable .
These tests yield false positive results at least 10 percent , and possibly as much as 30 percent , of the time .
Experts concede that the tests are unreliable .
References : Drug Testing : A Bad Investment ( ACLU , 1999 ) ; Urine Trouble by Kent Hotorf , MD ( 1998 ) FCDA / Family Council on Drug Awareness PO Box 1716 , El Cerrito , CA 94530 USA Phone / Fax : 510-215-8326 o www.fcda.org o chris@fcda.org
[ / caption ]
The re-purposed Deep Impact spacecraft will make one final flyby of Earth on Sunday June 27 , 2010 , getting a gravity assist to help propel the spacecraft towards a meetup with comet Hartley 2 this fall .
The spacecraft bus that brought the Deep Impact “ impactor ” to comet Tempel 1 in July of 2005 has been put back to work double time where two new missions share the same spacecraft .
This is the fifth time this spacecraft has flown by Earth , and at the time of closest approach on Sunday , it will be about 30,400 kilometers ( 18,900 miles ) above the South Atlantic .
“ The speed and orbital track of the spacecraft can be changed by changing aspects of its flyby of Earth , such as how close it comes to the planet , ” said University of Maryland astronomer Michael A’Hearn , principal investigator for both the new EPOXI mission and its predecessor mission , Deep Impact .
The combined operation EPOXI is a combo-acronym of the two separate missions .
The Deep Impact Extended Investigation ( DIXI ) of comets will observe comet 103P / Hartley 2 during a close flyby in November 2010 .
The other half of the dynamic duo , called the Extrasolar Planet Observation and Characterization ( EPOCh ) which is observing stars already known to have transiting giant planets .
“ There is always some gravity boost at a flyby and in some cases , like this one , it is the main reason for a flyby .
The last Earth flyby was used primarily to change the tilt of the spacecraft ’s orbit to match that of comet Hartley 2 , and we are using Sunday ’s flyby to also change the shape of the orbit to get us to the comet , ” said A’Hearn .
The Deep Impact mission smashed a companion probe into comet Tempel 1 on July 4 , 2005 to reveal the inner material of a comet .
“ Earth is a great place to pick up orbital velocity , ” said Tim Larson , the EPOXI project manager from NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif .
“ This flyby will give our spacecraft a 1.5 - kilometer - per - second [ 3,470 mph ] boost , setting us up to get up close and personal with comet Hartley 2 . ”
During a previous flyby of Earth , the mission team has used the spacecraft ’s instruments to find evidence of water on the Moon and to study light reflected from Earth as a template that scientists eventually may be able be use to identify Earth - like planets around other stars .
Source : University of Maryland
" Good morning , sir .
How can I help you today ? "
" I have a new list for you .
It requires action quickly , by the end of the week . "
" Yes , sir .
We 're always ready to see that your requirements are met expeditiously . "
" Good , good .
I appreciate that .
Here are the names .
Elizabeth Worth , Ben Lowell , Alan Wilmington , Stewart Roth , Mary Comstock , Anne Foley .
And there was one more ... oh , yes , here it is .
A completely insignificant person , but what the hell .
Arthur Silber . "
" And you 'll be sending the usual identifying information , just to be certain we do n't mistakenly go after the wrong person who happens to have the same name ? "
" Of course .
Good Lord , we would n't want anything to happen to the wrong person . "
The two men laugh quietly .
They always enjoy a good joke .
" And I assume the instructions are the same as before ? "
" Yes .
Kill them . "
It is now critical to note a further implication of this murderous method of dealing with others .
Just as it is not possible for an individual to restrict what constitutes a fundamental psychological methodology to only one area of his life , so a ruling class will not employ one approach in foreign policy while dealing with matters of domestic politics in a radically different manner .
In any case , the U.S. ruling class never had such a desire : in one way or another , other nations would be made to submit to the demands of the U.S. government -- and the same is true for U.S. citizens .
The citizens of America will do exactly as the ruling class demands -- or else .
As far as the ruling class is concerned , you have as little reason to complain as the murdered Iraqis do : the ruling class only wishes to improve your life .
The ruling class acts only on your behalf , and " for your own good . "
You now witness these tactics of intimidation and of the most transparently , viciously manipulative fear - mongering deployed by almost every member of the ruling class in connection with the bailout bill .
I will not rehearse another time all the reasons this bill will do nothing but hasten the economic destruction of the United States , or why it is supposedly designed to solve a problem that cannot be solved : begin with my most recent essay on this subject , and follow the links ( or scroll through the last few weeks of posts ) for much more .
( In the following , I do not even mention the cruder and more obvious methods of intimidation now so beloved by our government .
See an earlier essay -- " Obey or Die " -- for just one kind of example of what the cruder methods entail . )
The words speak for themselves , but the purpose of these pronouncements should be emphasized : our rulers do not want to scare you to death , although your death would hardly approach a matter of any serious concern for them .
While your death is not ( necessarily ) required , your obedience is .
You will obey them -- or else .
One of Benjamin 's observations is especially significant : " One might also take away from Silber 's essay the idea that the elites need us much , much more than we ' need ' them . "
Exactly .
In fact , the full truth is far worse than that : it is only the slavish obedience to authority , the reluctance and refusal to break the goddamned rules and " cause trouble , " that makes the elites and their hold on power possible .
Take away that obedience , take away the refusal to deny the legitimacy of the ruling elites and their demands that all the rest of us support them in their rule , and they have nothing .
The elites know that ; most Americans do n't .
It 's long past time all Americans learned these facts .
You can help them in that task : do n't vote for any national elective office .
( I do n't think voting for a Kucinich or a Ron Paul is necessarily wrong ; both men have offered many views with which I am in complete agreement .
But voting for them is entirely futile , as events of the last year have demonstrated beyond all question .
Moreover , voting for national politicians like them implicitly gives credence to the idea that fundamental opposition is possible within the system -- when it is not .
In that sense , I think voting for them is a grave mistake . )
If there are some local and state issues or politicians you can support in good conscience -- which is to say , issues and politicians that challenge the status quo rather than supporting it -- okay .
But nothing else .
The ruling class is corrupt , immoral , deadly , and entirely illegitimate .
Their greatest fear is that you will realize it .
Let them know in every way you can , and certainly in November , that you 've figured out their con .
Call them on their shit .
Then make them lie down in it .
And then , ignore them .
Part I : What the Monster Said Part II : A Story for the Children : Making Friends with Evil I suppose a typical conversation might go something like this .
The two gentlemen in question are on the phone .
I suppose it could be as simple as that .
Instead of my name , imagine that it ' sname on the list .
it could be .
This is the power the president and his fellow criminals now claim : the power to murder any person , anywhere in the world , for any reason at all -- or for no reason whatsoever .
Most Americans -- and probably even many of you reading this -- do n't want to think about this for too long , or about what it means .
I know that because this claim of ultimate power is rarely even discussed .
In one sense , I understand that .
When I think about it myself , I often want to scream for minutes on end .
I recognize that this would n't be terribly helpful , and that it could lead to a personal fate I would prefer to avoid .
So I sometimes write little stories , or I use four - letter words .
I do that so I do n't scream .
( Just yesterday , I was reminded that I 've been writing my little stories for some time .
Here 's one from over three years ago : " Imagine . "
That 's very good .
I do say so myself .
Be sure to follow the link at the very end -- but you should read the story I offer before doing so . ) Just because they feel like it .
Just because they 're bored .
Just because ... they do n't need any " because . "
They order you murdered -- and you 're dead .
Just like that .
If you focus on this fact for several minutes , if you let the nature of the Death State in which you live become fully real , you 'll want to scream , too .
It is crucial to appreciate the significance of our ignorance ( often self - willed ) , denial and apathy to the monsters who rule us .
If a substantial number of Americans acknowledged the great evil their government now embodies , they would protest in some manner .
I desperately hope they would do so non-violently ; the Death State possesses the most fearsome weapons ever known to mankind , and it has no hesitation about using them .
Do n't give them the excuse -- although I must note that even peaceful protest might well be construed by these monsters as a " reason " to unleash those weapons against those who object .
It must be acknowledged once again that they require no reason at all .
In many respects , the United States has operated in this manner for over a century .
Until recently , the Death State confined its worst devastation to countries abroad .
But perhaps you now have a better understanding of what many Filipinos felt a hundred years ago , what other victims of the evil of the United States have felt in past decades , or what Iraqis have experienced during the U.S. - instigated genocide , and the terror that those who live in Afghanistan and Pakistan experience today .
As long as the basic goals of the ruling class remained unchanged , it was inevitable that these methods of operation would be brought home at some point .
A few months ago , I heard Catherine Austin Fitts , who is sometimes a very perceptive and unusually honest observer of the insanity that swallows us up , describe the manner in which the U.S. ruling class has " harvested " the rest of the world .
She pointed out that our ruling class today harvests its own citizens more aggressively and openly than it has before .
Austin Fitts hopes that the horror of the harvesting now performed on the domestic front will cause the ruling class to reevaluate its aims and methods .
The evidence to date strongly compels the conclusion that her hope is badly misplaced .
The ruling class wo n't stop until there isleft to harvest .
We have a long way to go before that point is reached .
I wrote about the inclusion of the domestic front in the ruling class 's war on humanity in the fall of 2008 .
After discussing the brutal , murderous reality of U.S. actions abroad , I observed : Consult " Terrorist State , Abroad and at Home " for more on these issues .
Now we witness the logically necessary endpoint of these terrorist tactics.
ultimately can have only one meaning : youobey -- or you will beYour life -- or your death -- meansto the monsters who rule us .
For the moment , you 're worth slightly more to them alive .
The labor and rapidly diminishing wealth you represent still have some value in their calculations .
That can change .
At some point , it probably will .
And what are you going to do ?
With very rare exceptions , not a damned thing .
You will not choose the route of non-cooperation .
You will not choose to sayIf you chose in that manner , you might be on the next list .
I do n't criticize this course of action in every case ( although I certainly do in some categories of cases , and not infrequently I strongly condemn it ) .
I simply show you the operations of the nightmare .
ADDENDUM : While I was looking for a different essay , I happened upon an article I wrote in March 2008 : " The Inbred Mendacity and Stupidity of the Ruling Class . "
I 'd forgotten most of the details of that piece .
I plan to say much more in the future about the great importance of non-cooperation and how powerful it can be .
In that connection , I was interested to see one particular passage in the earlier essay .
I mentioned a post by James Benjamin , in which he discussed one of my fables , " The Tale that Might Be Told " and its implications .
I went on to write :
My statement that the ruling class has " nothing " if and when a critical number of people refuse to obey ( when they choose ) does n't contradict my observations concerning the weapons our rulers could use against those who do n't obey .
The " nothing " refers toof the elites ' power ; the weapons they possess represent only one aspect of the day - to - day operations of that power , as terrible as that particular aspect is .
And it cannot be overemphasized that peaceful non-cooperation can be enormously effective against even the most vicious of totalitarian regimes : see here and here for some astonishing and inspiring examples of that effectiveness from fairly recent history .
From the first of those links , carefully note this :
The power of is far , far greater than most people ever permit themselves to understand .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) -- AT&T Inc. on Wednesday became the first major U.S. wireless company to move away from unlimited Internet plans and introduce metered billing , providing a future template for how the industry bills customers .
Executives at AT&T and Verizon Wireless have talked for months about the need to switch to metered billing as a means to reduce congestion and better manage their mobile networks .
Heavy data usage by a tiny percentage of customers occasionally has clogged networks and reduced the quality of wireless service for other subscribers .
Dallas - based AT&T T , +0.74 % appears to have suffered more than any other domestic carrier , because it 's the exclusive U.S. provider of Apple 's AAPL , +1.50 % popular iPhone , whose customers tend to use much more data than other subscribers .
About 3 % of AT&T 's smart - phone customers account for 40 % of smart - phone data usage , the company said .
Yet metered billing wo n't increase costs for most AT&T customers , since very few are heavy data users .
The vast majority might even save money .
In AT&T 's case , 98 % of customers use less than 2 gigabytes of data -- the cap set for the company 's new $ 25 monthly plan .
Also , 65 % of AT&T customers use less than 200 megabytes of data a month , the limit set for a new $ 15 plan .
" A lot of people use less than they think they do , " AT&T spokesman Mark Siegel said .
Customers will be warned via text or email if they approach their limit and they can check their usage easily with their phones , he added .
The $ 25 " DataPro " plan , with 2 gigabytes of data , will replace AT&T 's unlimited $ 30 plan starting on June 7 .
Two gigabytes is the equivalent of 4,000 Internet page views , 10,000 emails without attachments or 200 minutes of streaming video , according to AT&T .
DataPro customers that exceed the monthly cap would be charged $ 10 for each additional gigabyte of data .
Current iPhone customers would be allowed to keep their unlimited data plans and even renew them , at least for a while .
AT&T would face class - action suits if it tried to change the terms of existing contracts , lawyers say .
AT&T also will offer a $ 15 " DataPlus " plan for 200 megabytes of data , in an effort to get more customers to sign up for wireless Internet service .
The reduction drops the company 's cheapest voice - and - data plan to $ 55 a month from $ 70 .
The company said 200 megabytes is the equivalent of 1,000 emails without attachments , 400 Internet - page views or 20 minutes of streaming video .
DataPlus customers that exceed their limit would be charged an additional $ 15 for another 200 megabytes .
The tethering option requires customers to sign up for the DataPro plan and pay an additional $ 20 a month .
Subscribers could then use their phones as modems to hook up their laptops to the Internet .
Tethering will become available after Apple releases its newest iPhone operating system later " this summer , " AT&T said .
AT&T is also offering mobile customers free access to 20,000 Wi-Fi hotspots around the country .
Pitfall of success
Wireless companies introduced unlimited - data plans several years ago to persuade customers to upgrade their voice plans and spend more money .
Millions of customers leaped to sign up , especially after the iPhone hit the market in mid-2007 , but the resounding success of those plans has also put greater strain on mobile networks .
Carrier plan to add more capacity in coming years , but they are faced with the threat of increasingly congested networks unless they do a better job in managing data traffic .
Metering billing could improve overall network performance by discouraging so - called " data hogs " -- the small number of customers who account for the bulk of data usage .
" It 's that 2 % they are really trying to isolate , " analyst Chris Antlitz of Technology Business Research said .
" They are really eating up the bandwidth . "
A Verizon Wireless spokesman declined to comment on AT&T 's shift , but senior executives have said they were exploring metered billing .
Dick Lynch , Verizon 's chief technology officer , said in an interview with MarketWatch in January that the industry needed to eliminate unlimited data plans and bill customers based on usage , just like water and power companies .
FBR Capital Markets analyst David Dixon said he expects Verizon to soon follow suit , with the entire industry eventually moving to a metered model .
" Clearly , the current unlimited data usage model in the U.S. market is not profitable in the long term as data usage is expected to continue , " he wrote in a report .
How soon that transition takes place is unclear .
Some carriers such as Sprint Nextel Corp. , with fewer customers than AT&T or Verizon , have enough network capacity to keep selling unlimited - data plans .
Indeed , Sprint S , - 5.00 % cut the price of its unlimited - data plan last year in an attempt to win market share .
In a recent MarketWatch interview , Chief Executive Dan Hesse said Sprint had plenty of network capacity for now .
" They can take their time , " pointed out Antlitz at Technology Business Research .
Sprint could not be immediately reached for comment .
Regular readers know that the main drive of my new PC is a 80 Gigabyte capacity Intel Solid State Drive .
The hard drive is excellent and works well in combination with the 2 TB hard drive that I use for data storage , and some larger programs that do not require a fast hard drive .
I sometimes run into disk space problems .
Take the Steam software for instance , it can only install new games on the same hard drive where all the other games are installed ( Update : Valve has updated the software in the meantime to allow the installation of games on other drives ) .
That 's a big problem that resulted in a few solutions being posted on the Internet .
Some users have moved Steam and all their games to another drive ;
Others uninstalled a game to make room for the new one .
But the problem is not solely a Steam one .
There are games that can only be installed on the c : drive for instance , and some applications have the same restriction .
How To Move Large Apps Or Games To Another Drive
My way of handling space problems on drives is to move the apps or games to another drive without having to reinstall them or lose data .
I recently installed Dragon Age which installed itself on the c : drive .
I decided to move the game from c:\ to another hard drive with lots of space instead without losing the game 's installation status .
The move process itself is easy enough .
Just move the files using Windows Explorer , or any other file manager that you may be using , to another hard drive .
You can move the folder by pressing shift during the drag and drop operation ( if you do not press shift you copy the files ) .
Most games and applications will not start anymore after they have been moved around .
That 's because Registry entries may still link to the original location and not the updated one .
The solution to this is to create symbolic hard links .
Windows comes with the tool to do just that .
Open a command prompt as an administrator .
You find the Command Prompt under Accessories in the Windows Start Menu .
Right - click the command prompt and select run as administrator .
Update :
If you are using Windows 8 or newer , tap on the Windows - key , type cmd.exe , right - click on the result and select " run as administrator " .
The command that we are using to create a so called directory junction is mklink .
A directory junction basically tells the operating system to create a mirror in another directory that provides access to all files of the selected directory in the mirror directory as if they would be stored in it .
So , in easier terms : all files and folders are accessible in another location , even though they just link to the " real " files and folders on another hard drive .
The files and folders of the mirror directory are however actually only redirected to the destination where they are actually hosted .
This essentially means that you can make the game , application or Windows believe that the files and folders are still in their right place even if they are not .
mklink /J " new folder " " folder with the files "
That 's the basic command that we will be using .
The / J parameter defines the type of symbolic link that we are creating , in this case a directory junction .
The new folder is the mirror folder and the " folder with the files " the folder containing the real files that you moved previously .
mklink /J " C: \program files ( x86 ) \Dragon Age\ " " e:\games \Dragon Age "
This creates a directory junction so that the files and folders of e:\games \Dragon
Age are accessible by the program and Windows under C:\program files ( x86 ) \Dragon Age\ as well ( where they have been initially installed to ) .
C:\Windows\system32>mklink /J " c : \Program Files ( x86 ) \Dragon Age\ " " c:\games \Dragon Age \ "
Junction created for c: \Program Files ( x86 ) \Dragon Age\ <> c:\games\DragonAge\
The same method can be applied to other applications or games .
It is for instance possible to move some Steam games or files to another hard drive to free up space on the one Steam is installed on .
Mklink is available in Windows Vista and Windows 7 ( Update : And newer versions of Windows ) .
I 'm not sure about Windows XP right now , would be nice if anyone with XP could let me know in the comments .
There are programs like Junction from Sysinternals that can create junctions as well in case that is needed .
Summary Article Name How To Move Large Apps Or Games To Another Drive Description
Find out how to move folders , files , programs and applications to another drive without having to reinstall them .
Author Martin Brinkmann Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo
Advertisement
Google is adopting the BSD license for WebM in order to address a licensing conflict .
When Google opened up the VP8 codec and announced the launch of the WebM project during the Google I/ O conference last month , the actual license under which the code was distributed was not an official open source software license .
It was a custom license that had not yet been approved by the Open Source Initiative ( OSI ) , the organization responsible for maintaining the open source definition and validating licenses .
Google 's custom license posed some problems because it included clauses that made it incompatible with GNU 's General Public License ( GPL ) , the most widely - used open source software license .
It was a minor technicality , but one that would have broadly precluded adoption of WebM in many popular open source software applications .
Fortunately , Google has rectified the conflict and has found an acceptable way to harmonize its licensing terms with the GPL .
As Google open source programs manager Chris DiBona explained in a blog entry today , the original license terminates the rights for downstream parties that bring patent litigation against Google .
This basically means that any company that sues Google for patent infringement would lose the the right to redistribute WebM .
To avoid the resulting incompatibility with the GPL , Google decided to use a standard BSD license instead for the software copyright and draft a separate set of terms for the WebM patent grant .
" Using patent language borrowed from both the Apache and GPLv3 patent clauses , in this new iteration of the patent clause we 've decoupled patents from copyright , thus preserving the pure BSD nature of the copyright license , " wrote DiBona .
" This means we are no longer creating a new open source copyright license , and the patent grant can exist on its own . "
With the new approach , companies that sue Google for patent infringement have their rights to royalty - free use of the WebM patents terminated , but they do not lose the WebM source code distribution rights that are granted by the BSD license under copyright law .
It basically has the same result as the original draft of the license , but it is structured in a way that is more practical in terms of license compatibility .
In the least competitive round of hockey so far , Chicago and Philadelphia wasted but a game in advancing past the conference finals .
The San Jose Sharks were swept , and the Montreal Canadiens managed one win , more the prideful expirant grabbing at his attacker ’s heel , forcing the job to be finished , than any real competition .
Three years ago , Chicago and Philadelphia picked first and second in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft , their consolation for being the worst teams in the league .
Chicago had just missed the postseason for a fifth straight year .
Philadelphia had had its worst season in franchise history .
Now they play for the Stanley Cup , which Chicago last won in 1961 and Philadelphia in 1975 .
Cubalogists and Castro - watchers take note : When William “ Dollar Bill ” Wirtz died in 2007 after serving as president of the Chicago Blackhawks for 41 years , 3,400 fans held season tickets at the United Center , the second - emptiest arena in the NHL .
Then his son Rocky took control of the team .
He paid big money for free agents and allowed every Blackhawks game to be televised locally , overturning two of his father ’s long - standing policies .
Rocky hired marketer John McDonough away from the Chicago Cubs , and McDonough created the NHL ’s first team - sponsored fan convention , named estranged Hall of Famers Tony Esposito , Stan Mikita , and Bobby Hull team ambassadors , and partnered the team with Comcast SportsNet and WGN .
Forbes called what McDonough did for a franchise that until then had neither a human resources manager nor a receptionist “ the greatest sports - business turnaround ever . ”
The Blackhawks now lead the NHL in attendance , averaging 108.3 percent capacity per home game .
There ’s a 4,000 - person waiting list for season tickets .
The team itself is led by 22 - year - old Jonathan Toews ( pronounced “ Tayves ” ) .
Toews long ago began whittling his legend : two World Junior championships for Canada , a World Championship , a gold medal , and the third - youngest captaincy in NHL history .
Toews ’ game is hard to describe .
Like Steve Yzerman or Joe Sakic ,
Toews does every single thing — skate , shoot , pass , defend — with such consistent skill and poise that he seems unremarkable .
He now holds a team record for scoring a point in 13 - straight playoff games , one of them an assist coming on a penalty kill when he stepped in front of a Dan Boyle slapshot , blocked it , and kicked the puck to a streaking teammate while being bodychecked .
To celebrate , Toews allowed himself to flare his nostrils .
When he ’s still before a faceoff , it ’s easy to imagine steam curling out of his nose , hinting at what roils in him , like an electric teapot .
Toews leads the playoffs with 26 points , many of them assists to his linemate Patrick Kane .
Kane , the Blackhawks first - ever first - overall draft pick in 2007 , is a 21 - year - old from Buffalo .
Whereas
Toews is a responsible , equanimous , north - south centerman , Kane is a wiry , sometimes lazy winger who slides crosswise through defenses as though lubricated .
Kane is more of a playmaker than Toews .
And in the way of all the best playmakers , he is a balsified man-boy whose game is anxiety .
He ’s always stopping short on the wing and daring someone to smush him against the glass , or he ’s dangling the puck far in front of his feet and inviting a defender to paw at it — he loves to put his slightness in seemingly vulnerable positions and then make opponents look foolish when he flits past them .
He ’s third in playoff points , and on the bench next to Toews he ’s continuously chewing on a shapeless mouth guard , literally champing at his bit .
On Toews ’ other wing is Dustin Byfuglien ( “ BUFF - lin , ” somehow ) , a 260 - pound converted defenseman .
Byfuglien skates with the dread inertia of a house succumbing to a landslide , and he has a defenseman ’s heavy shot , but his job on Chicago ’s top line is to : 1 ) Clear the corners , 2 ) Retrieve the puck and pass it to someone else , and 3 ) Post up with his ass in the goaltender ’s face and wait for rebounds .
His level of effort waxes and wanes , and without good supporting players he can be pretty useless .
But when pucks are loose around the net ( as they were in Game 3 of the Vancouver series , in which he had a hat trick ) , Byfuglien is a coal shoveler stoking a furnace .
He celebrates road goals by skating along the glass , one leg up and crotch to the audience , his eyes wide and tongue lolled like a Maori .
His four game - winning goals tie him with Philadelphia ’s Danny Briere for the most in the playoffs .
Behind the Buff - Toews - Kane line is the deepest corps of forwards in the NHL , six of whom scored more than 20 goals in the regular season .
The second line of Troy Brouwer - Patrick Sharp - Marian Hossa is only marginally less dangerous and has feasted on teams ’ second - pairing defensemen .
Down on the fourth line is John Madden , a John Madden not at all similar to the one you ’re thinking of , who won two Cups with the New Jersey Devils and at 37 years old is still one of the best defensive forwards in the game .
Perhaps the Blackhawks biggest weakness is in goal .
Anti Niemi is a 26 - year - old , undrafted Finn whom the Blackhawks signed as a free agent in 2008 .
He played 39 games this year and won the starting job away from Frenchman and salary - cap albatross , Cristobal Huet .
Niemi has been inconsistent in the playoffs , but he played well against San Jose .
He ’s a quick , compact goalie whose leg pads top his nipples when crouching .
He plays deep in the net , exploding laterally with legs that seem to telescope .
His glove hand is slippery , though , and if he loses his position or rebound control , he ’s a sieve .
In front of him for more than half each game is Duncan Keith , a fifth - year defenseman who ’s a lock to win the Norris Trophy for the game ’s best blueliner .
Keith ’s mellifluous skating allows him to join the rush — or lead it — and not compromise his team .
His 69 regular - season points would ’ve led the Flyers .
While eliminating San Jose , Keith took a puck to the face , lost 7 teeth , and still played 29 minutes ( most other players skate between 15 and 22 minutes a game ) .
Most important , Keith leads a very mobile , very balanced defensive unit .
Each of Chicago ’s three pairings has a guy — Keith , Brian Campbell , Brent Sopel — who is a tremendous skater and first - passer .
The first pass , or breakout pass , is the most important part of a hockey offense .
A defenseman who can hit a forward in stride with a pass from his own defensive zone while under pressure from the opposition is more valuable than a great scorer .
Philadelphia beat New Jersey , Boston , and Montreal , the 30th- , 26th - , and 19th - ranked offenses in the league , with a high - pressure forecheck and airtight gap control between the forwards and defensemen in their half of the ice .
These were counterattacking teams that , deprived of their normal style of play , tried and failed to chip pucks behind and outrace Philadelphia ’s big , physical defensemen .
Chicago is a very fast transition team that can also control the puck for minutes at a time .
Their offense begins in their own zone , with Keith , Campbell , or Sopel carrying the puck or making a stretch pass to forwards cutting through the neutral zone .
Chicago will win if their defensemaen skate away from pressure and make good outlet passes .
But Chicago will lose if they get frustrated and abandon their game .
They ’re the youngest team in the league , and if Philadelphia can slow them and get under their skin , the Blackhawks will fray .
Pardon me for fawning over the Blackhawks .
It ’s just that I really dislike the Flyers .
The Philadelphia Flyers are the only team in the NHL that has maintained an identity since its inception , in 1967 .
The majority of the players they draft and sign are terrible , in that they inspire actual terror .
Gummy , fierce mooks who have done more to keep alive Philly ’s hard - city affect than all their other sports heroes combined , save maybe Rocky Balboa .
Their patron saint , Bobby Clarke , captained Canada in the 1972 Summit Series against the Soviets and in game six deliberately fractured the ankle of the greatest - ever Soviet left winger to secure victory in that game and the series .
Clarke subsequently led the “ Broad Street Bullies ” gooneries of the mid-70s to two championships , the only times the NHL has been coerced into awarding the Stanley Cup .
Clark is the etiology of the “ Philly Flu , ” the condition opposing forwards came down with prior to playing Philadelphia , otherwise known as malingering , otherwise known as a vey understandable fear for life and limb .
More often than not , Clarke had a big smile on his face when two - handedly hacking joints , his four front teeth missing because that ’s the slot where Satan inserted his tokens to play .
Clarke managed the Flyers for the better part of two decades , but now he ’s their senior vice president .
These Flyers made the playoffs on the last game of the regular season , eliminating the New York Rangers in that abomination , the shootout .
During the season they changed coaches , suffered key injuries , and underachieved in general .
And yet before the season began , The Hockey News predicted that they had the depth and experience to win the Stanley Cup .
Philadelphia ’s captain and answer to Toews is Mike Richards .
Richards disappointed in the regular season ( 62 points ) , but he ’s been beastly in the playoffs .
To the delight of every Flyer fan , he ’s matured into the brutish two - way centerman with great touch they hoped he ’d be .
Philadelphia became just the third team in NHL history to come back from a 3 - 0 series deficit when they upset Boston in the semifinals ; coincidentally , Richards dislocated the wrist of Bruins ’ scoring center David Krejci in Game 3 .
A truly illustrative Richards Moment happened early in Game 5 against the Canadiens when , on a penalty - kill , Richards charged pointman Marc - Andre Bergeron , brained him , took the puck the other way on an odd - man rush , hustled back to the defensive zone after the scoring chance was denied , saw his teammate win a puck down low , took off for a breakaway despite having been on the ice for a very long time , chased the puck down , and precipitated a huge collision with the aggressive Montreal goalie , who lay dazed while Richards tapped the puck into an empty net .
It was Richards ’ third shorthanded goal of the playoffs .
During the regular season , the Blackhawks ’ Marian Hossa led the league with five .
Philadelphia hired coach Peter Laviolette midway through the season .
He instituted the up - tempo system he used to win a Stanley Cup in Carolina in 2006 , and the Flyers have run it with great success .
In it , they send two forecheckers in deep to harry the other team ’s defensemen .
The third forward waits high in the zone , which allows his defensemen to pinch with no fear of surrendering an odd - man rush .
The team moves as a unit , like they ’re tethered to one another .
Together they ’ve bunged their defensive zone ; teams have had to dump the puck behind them , and even when they retrieve it , which has been rare , the Flyers keep them on the perimeter and clear every rebound .
The Flyers ’ success rests with that gap control between forwards and defensemen .
It will be tested by the Blackhawks .
Their forwards will break for the neutral zone , hoping to peel defensemen away with them and create soft ice .
San Jose and Nashville proved that the Blackhawks can be slowed with the trap , a passive strategy whereby all five skaters lie in wait in the middle of the ice , but Laviolette likes offense and is very much trap - averse .
Offensively , Philadelphia is almost as deep as Chicago .
They ’ve already beat the # 1 , # 2 , and # 13 defensive teams .
( Chicago was # 6 in the regular season . )
Richards , second to Toews in playoff points , centers two pure goal - scorers , Simon Gagne and Jeff Carter .
On the second line Danny Briere plays similarly to Kane , and he ’s flanked by gritty Ville Leino and Scott Hartnell , a power forward who has gone many lunar cycles without a trim or a shave and now looks exactly how he plays : heavy , plodding , hairy , ogrish .
The Flyers can prevail if their bottom - six perform .
Claude Giroux has emerged in these playoffs as Philadelphia ’s best forward .
His line includes big James van Riemsdyk ( picked in 2007 behind Kane , the first time two Americans went # 1 - # 2 in a draft ) and Arron Asham , a middleweight whose hands are calcified on the outside but soft within , like turtles .
The fourth line is a rock tumbler : Ian Laperierre has blocked two shots with his face this season , including one in the first round against New Jersey that put a spot on his brain .
He ’s back out there now with a face shield .
Chicago has n’t been tested physically in these playoffs , and Philadelphia ’s been uncharacteristically well behaved .
If the bottom - six agitate , they can win .
In the past , mediocre goaltending has doomed Philadelphia .
They ’ve refused to learn from their mistakes and acquire an expensive , good goalie , believing that good - enough will win the day .
They went with an aged Ron Hextall / Garth Snow tandem when they were swept in the 1997 Stanley Cup Final .
They tried Sean Burke in 1998 , John Vanbiesbrouck in 1999 , Brian Boucher in 2000 , Roman Cechmanek between 2001 - 2003 , Robert Esche / Antero Niittymaki in 2004 and 2005 , and Martin Biron in 2007 and 2008 .
In these playoffs , they again tried Brian Boucher , who since the lockout has been with six NHL ( including Chicago ) and two AHL teams .
His knees gave out against Boston , so now the Flyers make do with Michael Leighton .
Leighton was waived by Carolina , a team that for most of the season was jockeying with Edmonton for the league ’s bottom spot .
He ’s a very average goalie who does n’t venture far out of the goal mouth .
He ’s made saves when he ’s had to , but the credit for his three shutouts against Montreal should go to his defense .
That defense is led by Chris Pronger .
In the offseason , Philadelphia traded prospects and two first - round picks to Anaheim for Pronger , the nasty , six - foot - six shutdown defenseman past Flyers teams lacked .
At 35 , Pronger is now about 25 percent less vicious than he once was , which still makes him more vicious than almost everyone .
In the 2007 playoffs , Pronger was suspended twice for headshots .
He argued his defense : “ Of course I ’m going to hit him in the head .
He ’s quite a bit shorter than me .
It ’s just law of physics . ”
Ever the gamesman , Pronger himself wears a helmet the size of a halved Volkswagen Beetle .
No team in the West had an answer to Dustin Byfuglien , but Pronger will more than match him .
And next to Pronger , Kane will look drawn to scale .
For Philadelphia to win , they ’ll have to play Flyers hockey : tough , greasy , sneering .
Chicago will try to turn the series into a track meet , but Philadelphia ca n’t allow themselves to trade chances with the Blackhawks .
They have to stick to their system , maintain gaps , protect Leighton , and turn the series into a streetfight .
Marian Hossa was on the 2008 Pittsburgh Penguins team that lost in the Stanley Cup Final to the Detroit Red Wings .
In the offseason , Hossa turned down the Penguins ’ offer and signed with Detroit , believing he had a better chance of winning a Cup there .
In 2009 , therefore , Marian Hossa was on the Detroit team that lost in the Stanley Cup Final to Pittsburgh .
In the offseason , Hossa signed with Chicago , believing he had a better chance of winning a Cup there .
Make of this what you will .
People in hockey make a big deal out of whether or not a team captain touches the Clarence S. Campbell Bowl or the Prince of Whales Trophy , the awards presented to the winners of the Western and Eastern conferences , respectively .
Most say it ’s terrible bad luck to touch them or celebrate them in any way before playing for the Cup :
It ’s like celebrating an ex- on the way to your wedding ceremony .
The Blackhawks ’
Toews skated away from the Bowl as though it was full of bees , but the Flyers ’ Richards grabbed the Trophy with both hands , took an ass - slap from Carter , and skated it into the locker room .
Make of this what you will .
Daniel Carcillo .
Read the name ; then try it out loud .
Do you not see , in your mind ’s eye . . . cancer ?
The Flyers ’ Daniel Carcillo is not exactly a cancer , but he is an unreconstructed goon , a bad man who grew the pubey mustache of a junior - high cretin earlier in the season to “ honor ” past Flyers greats .
At numerous points in his career he ’s violated the honor code of NHL tough guys by attacking non-fighters , including , this past season , the Rangers ’ peaceable Slovak Martin Gaborik .
To be fair to Carcillo , there are n’t that many tough guys left to fight anymore , and yet this was too much .
Earlier in the playoffs , the otherwise bloodthirsty commentator Don Cherry said of Carcillo , “ This guy ’s a bully , and most bullies are cowards . ”
As other , legitimate Flyer forwards have returned from injury , Carcillo has played less .
Lately he ’s been caged in the press box .
Still , he leads all remaining players in penalty minutes .
If Philadelphia decides to loose him on the Blackhawks , it will raise the temperature of the series significantly .
I say : Chicago in six .
If you like this article , please subscribe or donate to support n+1 .
" The work of a restaurateur is very hard , the margins are poor .
There are reasons behind the fact that they resort to ready prepared dishes .
But is there a good reason why people should not be told where their food comes from ? " he said .
[ Haskell - cafe ]
Strict type system allows for a maximum number of programming errors to be caught at compile time .
On Mon , May 3 , 2010 at 11:07 AM , Kyle Murphy < orclev at gmail.com > wrote : >
The problem with dynamic typing is that it has a much higher chance of > having a subtle error creep into your code that can go undetected for a long > period of time .
A strong type system forces the code to fail early where > it 's easier to track down and fix the problem , rather than trying to perform > debugging on the fly in a production system .
This has an added advantage for > compiled languages in that for many non-trivial applications the time to > build and deploy a new instance of the program , even in the development > environment is often substantial , and the more trivial errors are discovered > at compile time , the less time is wasted on builds .
> >
For small code bases the time spent tracking down a error at runtime might > be less than the time spent making your code conform to strict type > requirements , but for larger code bases the amount of time necessary to > track down such errors greatly out weighs the amount of time needed to make > your code well typed .
> >
To look at the flip side of your statistics : > Compiler says my code is right =>
My code is actually wrong -- 40 % > Compiler says my code is wrong =>
My code is actually right -- 5 % > >
I 'd argue this is provably wrong , as correct code by definition would compile .
Here is a contrived example of what I am referring to : prefac f 0 = 1 prefac f n = n * f ( n - 1 ) fac = ( \x -> x x ) ( \x -> prefac ( x x ) )
If this code were allowed to compile ( say by inserting unsafeCoerce anywhere you like ) , it would correctly implement a factorial function .
It is precisely these cases behind the dynamically typed languages ' advocacy : my code is right but I can't ( or it is too much work to ) convince the compiler of that fact .
It is a pretty bold statement to say that these do not occur . >
The fact that it does n't is proof enough that there 's a problem > with it even if that problem is simply that the types you 're using are n't > exactly correct .
Further , I 'd argue that in the first instance with a > non-strict type system , the instance of wrong code that compiles would be > higher .
The only argument to support non -strict typing would be if you could > show that it takes less time to track down runtime bugs than it does to fix > compile time type errors , and any such claim I 'd be highly skeptical of .
Clearly .
But many people believe in this methodology , and use test suites and code coverage instead of types .
Indeed , such practices are essentially " empirical type checking " , and they afford the advantage that their verification is much more expressive ( however less reliable ) than our static type system , because they may use arbitrary code to express their predicates .
What I seem to be getting at is this plane of type systems : Constrained -------------------------
Expressive Unreliable | ( C ) | ( test suites ) | ( C++ ) . | . | ( Java / C# ) ( Scala ) . | . | . | ( Haskell ) . | | ( Agda ) Reliable
Where by Constrained / Expressive I mean the ability for the system to express properties * about the code * ( so C++'s type system being turing complete is irrelevant ) .
By Unreliable / Reliable I mean , given popular engineering practice in that language , the chance that if it passes the checks then it works as intended .
For all the languages , I mean their compilers .
Test suites extend down the right - hand side , depending on how rigorous you are about testing , but they never get as far down as Agda . :-)
Luke
Here on FILEnetworks
Blog , we talk about video games a lot .
In fact , our PC Games section is equally popular as our private trackers section and brings in a lot of traffic to the site every day .
Hence , we have reason to believe that an article about another specialized games torrent tracker would generate positive responses from our readers .
GazelleGames is a private tracker that indexes games for DOS / Windows PC , XBOX , XBOX360 , Playstation 1,2,3 , PSP , Nintendo 64 , Wii , iPhone and lots of other gaming platforms available today .
Running on the shiny new Gazelle RC2 codebase , GGn has so far shown great results in design , content and community aspects of the site and seems to be one of those few trackers that have a positive outlook for the future .
Ever since we heard news of GGn ( back when it was in beta ) , we ’ve been in touch with it ’s SysOP / Recruiters who kept us up to date on the progress of the site .
One thing we could clearly see was that site staff were really passionate about what they were doing - they were not is a rush to start yet another games tracker and be done with it , they wanted GGn to stand out from the rest .
It would be unfair to compare GazelleGames to leading games trackers such as bitGAMER and BCG since it ’s only been a few days since the site has gone public .
However , they already do boast an impressive set of site features that can even rival well established BitTorrent trackers –listed below are some of them ( parts quoted from official GGn review on their forums ) :
Game Reviews ( GamePedia ) -
We are not only a Games tracker but we also supplement the content with comprehensive reviews of games that you might like to check out .
Supplied by members , each review is analyzed by the staff to make sure it is of top - notch quality .
Also , on that note , submitting a review to the site has its incentives ...( think freeleech on ALL platforms for said game as well as a few GB 's of upload for yourself ) .
We are not only a Games tracker but we also supplement the content with comprehensive reviews of games that you might like to check out .
Supplied by members , each review is analyzed by the staff to make sure it is of top - notch quality .
Also , on that note , submitting a review to the site has its incentives ...( think freeleech on ALL platforms for said game as well as a few GB 's of upload for yourself ) .
GGn Wiki -
Have a thirst for more knowledge ?
Check out our Wiki articles and quench that thirst .
You can read up on about everything from how to build your ratio , to information on the scene .
Have information to share ?
Create your own wiki article and share it with our users !
- Have a thirst for more knowledge ?
Check out our Wiki articles and quench that thirst .
You can read up on about everything from how to build your ratio , to information on the scene .
Have information to share ?
Create your own wiki article and share it with our users !
Games -
We aim to please when it comes to content you are looking for .
Yes we are new , and somewhat lacking in content ... but do n't let that fool you .
Our uploaders have a priority upload list which includes the Top 1000 Games list , including old and rare gems , as well as new releases .
We are also getting an auto - upload script working so that we can get those great pre-times that so many of you have learned to love !
We aim to please when it comes to content you are looking for .
Yes we are new , and somewhat lacking in content ... but do n't let that fool you .
Our uploaders have a priority upload list which includes the Top 1000 Games list , including old and rare gems , as well as new releases .
We are also getting an auto - upload script working so that we can get those great pre-times that so many of you have learned to love !
IRC -
We have active irc channels if you would like to join in and share info with other IRC members , and you can also get some " behind the scene " info on current site news .
We have active irc channels if you would like to join in and share info with other IRC members , and you can also get some " behind the scene " info on current site news .
Community -
The biggest aspect of the site we pride ourselves on is the community .
From friendly , helpful and knowledgeable staff , we are also chock - full of members who are as passionate about games as you are .
We love to talk gaming , and by checking out the forums and IRC channels , it really shows .
We have a very welcoming community that absolutely love gaming , so join in on the fun !
Add to these the great navigation , organization and search features provided by Gazelle RC2 and you have a great looking specialized private tracker on your hands .
The screenshot below shows part of GGn ’s torrent index :
GGn publicly launched just two days ago after an extended beta phase .
Although it was invite only during the beta , signups have now been opened to facilitate further expansion .
The site has so far done really well with around 1000 new members signing up and ~200 torrents uploaded during the short period of time it ’s been online .
Open signups will continue until GGn reaches its current user limit of 5000 – if you are someone used to downloading games over BitTorrent , do n’t forget to check this site out .
You get 1.5 GB free upload credit upon signup and all new torrents have free leech for the first 6 hours they are alive .
Site Name : GazelleGames ( http://gazellegames.net)
Signup URL : http://gazellegames.net/register.php
Special thanks to Daedy , t4nk and rest of GGn staff for the heads up .
Shankar Vedantam , author of the outstanding book , “ The Hidden Brain , ” excerpted a brief section of that book for TheAge.com .
Here are some excerpts from that excerpt .
* * *
. . . .
The existence of unconscious sexism can be scientifically proved in laboratory experiments .
. . .
Bias is much harder to demonstrate scientifically in real life , which may be why large numbers of people do not believe that sexism and other forms of prejudice still exist .
Many people think we live in a “ post - racial ” and “ post - sexist ” world where egalitarian notions are the norm .
Indeed , if you go by what people report , we do live in a bias - free world , because most people report feeling no prejudice whatsoever .
What would be remarkably instructive in real life would be if women in various professions could experience life as men , and vice versa .
If the same person got treated differently , we would be sure sexism was at work , because the only thing that changed was the sex of the individual and not his or her skills , talent , knowledge , experience , or interests .
Joan Roughgarden and Ben Barres are biologists at Stanford University .
Both are researchers at one of the premier academic institutions in the country ; both are tenured professors .
Both are transgendered people .
Stanford has been a welcoming home for these scientists ; if you are going to be a transgendered person anywhere in the United States , it would be difficult to imagine a place more tolerant than Palo Alto and the San Francisco Bay Area .
Ben Barres did not transition to being a man until he was 50 .
For much of her early life , Barbara Barres was oblivious to questions of sexism .
She would hear Gloria Steinem and other feminists talk about discrimination and wonder , “ What ’s their problem ? ”
She was no activist ; all she wanted was to be a scientist .
She was an excellent student .
When a school guidance counsellor advised her to set her sights lower than MIT , Barbara ignored him , applied to MIT , and got admitted in 1972 .
During a particularly difficult maths seminar at MIT , a professor handed out a quiz with five problems .
He gave out the test at 9 am , and students had to hand in their answers by midnight .
The first four problems were easy , and Barbara knocked them off in short order .
But the fifth one was a beauty ; it involved writing a computer program where the solution required the program to generate a partial answer , and then loop around to the start in a recursive fashion .
“ I remember when the professor handed back the exams , he made this announcement that there were five problems but no one had solved the fifth problem and therefore he only scored the class on the four problems , ” Ben recalled .
“ I got an A .
I went to the professor and I said , ‘ I solved it . ’
He looked at me and he had a look of disdain in his eyes , and he said , ‘ You must have had your boyfriend solve it . ’
To me , the most amazing thing is that I was indignant .
I walked away .
I did n’t know what to say .
He was in essence accusing me of cheating .
I was incensed by that .
It did not occur to me for years and years that that was sexism . ”
By the time she was done with MIT , Barbara had more or less decided she wanted to be a neuroscientist .
She decided to go to medical school at Dartmouth in New Hampshire .
Gender issues at med school were like the issues at MIT on steroids ; one professor referred Barbara to his wife when she wanted to talk about her professional interests .
An anatomy professor showed a slide of a nude female pin-up during a lecture .
* * *
But things changed in large and subtle ways after Barbara became Ben .
Ben once gave a presentation at the prestigious Whitehead Institute in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
A friend relayed a comment made by someone in the audience who did n’t know Ben Barres and Barbara Barres were the same person : “ Ben Barres gave a great seminar today , but , then , his work is much better than his sister ’s . ”
Ben also noticed he was treated differently in the everyday world .
“ When I go into stores , I notice I am much more likely to be attended to .
They come up to me and say , ‘ Yes , sir ?
Can I help you , sir ? ’
I have had the thought a million times , I am taken more seriously . ”
When former Harvard president Larry Summers ( who went on to become a senior economic adviser to President Barack Obama ) set off a firestorm a few years ago after musing about whether there were fewer women professors in the top ranks of science because of innate differences between men and women , Ben wrote an anguished essay in the journal Nature .
He asked whether innate differences or subtle biases – from grade school to graduate school – explained the large disparities between men and women in the highest reaches of science .
“ When it comes to bias , it seems that the desire to believe in a meritocracy is so powerful that until a person has experienced sufficient career - harming bias themselves they simply do not believe it exists …
By far , the main difference that I have noticed is that people who do n’t know I am transgendered treat me with much more respect : I can even complete a whole sentence without being interrupted by a man . ”
Joan Roughgarden came to Stanford in 1972 , more than a quarter century before she made her male - to - female transition in 1998 .
When the young biologist arrived at Stanford , it felt as though tracks had been laid down ; all Roughgarden had to do was stick to the tracks , and the high expectations that others had of the young biologist would do the rest .
“ It was clear when I got the job at Stanford that it was like being on a conveyer belt , ” Roughgarden told me in an interview .
“ The career track is set up for young men .
You are assumed to be competent unless revealed otherwise .
You can speak , and people will pause and people will listen .
You can enunciate in definitive terms and get away with it .
You are taken as a player .
You can use male diction , male tones of voice . …
You can assert .
You have the authority to frame issues . ”
At the Hopkins Marine Station in Pacific Grove , an outpost of the university about 150 kilometres from campus , Roughgarden ruffled feathers in the scientific establishment by arguing that a prominent theory that described the life cycle of marine animals was wrong .
Where previous research had suggested that tide pools were involved in the transportation of certain larvae , Roughgarden reframed the issue and showed that the larger ocean played a significant role .
The new theory got harsh reviews , but Roughgarden ’s ideas were taken seriously .
In short order , Roughgarden became a tenured professor , and a widely respected scientist and author .
Like Ben Barres , Roughgarden made her transition to Joan relatively late in life .
Stanford proved tolerant , but very soon Joan started to feel that people were taking her ideas less seriously .
In 2006 , for example , Joan suggested another famous scientific theory was wrong – Charles Darwin ’s theory of sexual selection .
. . .
* * *
The scientific establishment , Joan said , was livid .
But in contrast to the response to her earlier theory about tide pools and marine animals , few scientists engaged with her .
At a workshop at Loyola University , a scientist “ lost it ” and started screaming at her for being irresponsible .
“ I had never had experiences of anyone trying to coerce me in this physically intimidating way , ” she said , as she compared the reactions to her work before and after she became a woman .
“ You really think this guy is really going to come over and hit you . ”
At a meeting of the Ecological Society of America in Minneapolis , Joan said , a prominent expert jumped up on the stage after her talk and started shouting at her .
Once every month or two , she said , ” I will have some man shout at me , try to physically coerce me into stopping … When I was doing the marine ecology work , they did not try to physically intimidate me and say , ‘ You have not read all the literature . ’
“ They would not assume they were smarter .
The current crop of objectors assumes they are smarter . ”
Joan is willing to acknowledge her theory might be wrong ; that , after all , is the nature of science .
But what she wants is to be proven wrong , rather than dismissed .
Making bold and counter - intuitive assertions is precisely the way science progresses .
Many bold ideas are wrong , but if there is n’t a regular supply of them and if they are not debated seriously , there is no progress .
After her transition , Joan said she no longer feels she has “ the right to be wrong ” .
Where she used to be a member of Stanford University ’s senate , Joan is no longer on any university or departmental committee .
Where she was once able to access internal university funds for research , she said she finds it all but impossible to do so now .
Before her transition , she enjoyed an above - average salary at Stanford .
But since her transition , “ My own salary has drifted down to the bottom 10 per cent of full professors in the School of Humanities and Sciences , even though my research and students are among the best of my career and are having international impact , albeit often controversial . ”
I asked her about interpersonal dynamics before and after her transition .
“ You get interrupted when you are talking , you ca n’t command attention , but above all you ca n’t frame the issues , ” she said .
With a touch of wistfulness , she compared herself to Ben Barres .
“ Ben has migrated into the centre whereas I have had to migrate into the periphery . ”
* * *
You can read the entire excerpt here and learn more about the book here .
For a sample of related Situationist posts , see “ The Situation of Being ‘( un ) American ’ , ” “ Why Race May Influence Us Even When We “ Know ” It Doesn’t , ” “ Examining the Gendered Situation of Harvard Business School , ” which includes list of still more related links .
The peril increases daily that Iran will become a nuclear power .
Arab leaders are as alarmed as Israel .
The West huffs and puffs , and huffs and puffs again , but is nowhere near blowing the house down .
It is behaving as if it has all the time in the world .
It does not .
The year - end 2009 deadline set by the West for resolving the Iranian nuclear issue came and went and nothing happened .
While the Iranians are enriching , the United States is hesitating .
When Barack Obama became president , Iran had perhaps several thousand centrifuges enriching uranium .
Now it may have thousands more .
It has long been said about diplomacy that the most dangerous course , even more dangerous than risking a tough response , is to raise a warning fist and then lose nerve .
Iran sees the red lines the United States sets and crosses them with impunity .
In the years since sanctions were imposed , Iran has blatantly circumvented them .
It has purchased sophisticated technology for its nuclear programs through front companies in Dubai , and apparently also in Bahrain and Kuwait .
Its leaders and enterprises use banks in these countries for illicit transactions and to launder money .
What is at stake here is too menacing for the world to delude itself that Iran will somehow change course .
It wo n't .
Iran 's president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , does not want a seat at the negotiating table with the great powers , he wants to overturn the table .
He is a messianic revolutionary , not a leader .
As Abdul Rahman al - Rashed , general manager of the Dubai - based Al Arabiya news channel , put it , " The Ahmadinejad regime aspires to expansion , hegemony , and a clear takeover on the ground , and to do this he needs a nuclear umbrella . "
A nuclear Iran , already a neighborhood bully , would export its revolutionary ideology and destabilize the Middle East .
It would be more effective in its subversion of neighbors and its fomenting of worldwide terrorism .
We 'd see even bolder interference in Iraq and Afghanistan , more meddling in Lebanon , more incitement and aggressive support for Hamas and Hezbollah — both of which it already funds , trains , and arms to conduct terrorist attacks against Israel .
It would sabotage any dialogue between Israel and the Palestinian Authority .
It would incite the Shiite populations in the Persian Gulf states and altogether threaten the survival of modern Arab governments there .
Iran already plays an extensive role in Shiite southern Iraq .
When American forces withdraw fully , likely over the longer term , an uprising may be fomented in Iraq that might well lead to a full takeover by an Iranian - dominated Iraqi government , which would then pressure its neighbor , Jordan .
It would put at risk the whole international nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , foreshadowing a nuclear arms race all over the Middle East and nuclear weapons getting into the hands of non-state actors .
A nuclear Iran , emboldened by its success in fooling and defying the world , might well be tempted to challenge its neighbors in the Gulf to reduce oil production and limit the presence of U.S. troops there .
The United States has declared that a nuclear - armed Iran is unacceptable .
So if Iran succeeds , it would be seen as a major defeat and open our government to doubts about its power and resolve to shape events in the Middle East .
Friends would respond by distancing themselves from Washington ; foes would aggressively challenge U.S. policies .
As far as the war we 're fighting in Afghanistan and its spillover into Pakistan , Iran has tremendous potential to make a very difficult situation even worse , given its influence on the western side of Afghanistan , some of which is linked to Iran 's electrical grid .
It could strengthen the Taliban with weapons such as surface - to - air missiles .
Why should Iran halt a nuclear program that would give it such new power in the region ?
The essence of the regime 's policy is to keep the talks going and keep the centrifuges spinning until Iran completes its sprint to the finish line .
It is taking the politics of procrastination to a whole new level .
From an American point of view , the issue is not just the nuclear program .
It is the hostile intentions of a regime that since 1979 has waged war persistently against the United States and its allies .
Iran is directly responsible for killing many Americans in Iraq by supplying guerrillas with high - tech roadside bombs and rockets .
The savage irony that no good deed goes unpunished has played out in Iraq to the benefit of Iran .
Our overthrow of Saddam Hussein 's Sunni dictatorship liberated Iran on one border from the threat he posed to its Shiite regime .
On Iran 's eastern border , our ouster of the Taliban in Afghanistan removed another potential threat .
The result has been to free up Iran 's ability to meddle in the broader Middle East .
What to do ?
A threat to bomb Iran lacks credibility while America is engaged in two massive and unpopular military campaigns in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Moreover , this is an administration that believes essentially in " engagement . "
It even seems prepared to accept an Iranian bomb .
If military intervention is ruled out , we are left only with sanctions .
But there is no international consensus on what these should be or how to apply them .
The U.N. sanctions were too weak .
They did not touch Iran 's need for gasoline or its fragile domestic energy sectors .
Such sanctions may take very many years to bite .
Too late , too late !
In the meantime , not only are the centrifuges still running , but Iran is expanding its influence and threatening the smaller Gulf countries like Qatar , Bahrain , Kuwait , and the United Arab Emirates , which do not have options that may be available to larger countries .
Those states need cast - iron assurances that America will be at their side .
What confidence can they have in America 's will to resist an expansionist Iran ?
The Iranians understand the equation of fear .
The official Iranian news agency recently warned the Gulf states : " There is no lion in the region save for the one that crouches on the shore opposite the Emirate states .
. . .
Those who believe that another lion exists in the vicinity [ meaning the United States ] .
Well , his claws and fangs have already been broken in Iraq , Afghanistan , Lebanon and Palestine . "
Saudi Arabia is another country targeted by Iran .
The Saudis are particularly worried because in the kingdom's east , where the largest oil reserves are located , a sizable Shiite minority is now subject to incitement by Iran .
The clash between Saudi security forces and Iranian - back Houthi rebels who infiltrated from Yemen has intensified the conflict between the Saudis and Iran .
Yemen has become the main dispatch point for supplies from Iran to radical opposition groups in the Gulf region , including various arms of al - Qaeda .
An Iranian clandestine network has been exposed in Kuwait , and an Iranian - backed Hezbollah cell in Egypt was poised to blow up ships in the Suez Canal and major tourist sites in Egypt to weaken the central government and improve the prospects of the Muslim Brotherhood .
The UAE is now in a direct confrontation with Iran over three Gulf islands belonging to the UAE .
Then there is Iran 's role in hiring Bedouin tribes in Sinai to smuggle arms into the Gaza Strip ( where Israel has now eased the passage of ordinary goods ) .
These arms may arrive by a chartered ship from Iran that sails up the Red Sea and through the Suez Canal , anchoring in Egyptian waters near Rafah , the Gaza border town .
Under cover of darkness , the arms are placed in watertight containers and transferred underwater to a small Palestinian boat , which takes them to shore .
The Bedouins , with access to hundreds of tunnels , then smuggle them into Gaza .
This has armed Hamas with thousands of rockets and mortars .
It is all part of Iran 's highly organized strategic campaign of delivering arms to radical forces throughout the Middle East .
There was a ship called the Francop which the Israelis captured last November and exposed .
The world has now forgotten , but not the Israelis .
The Francop was but one of a number of cargo ships interdicted by Israeli naval commandos .
It turned out to have as much as 10 times the weaponry as the infamous Karine A , intercepted by Israel in 2002 , that so aroused the Bush administration .
It is no mystery why the Israelis want to preclude Hamas from being rearmed by a sea lane into Gaza .
The Gulf states are justifiably worried that Iran 's drive to influence the agenda in the region is now being transformed into an effort to dictate the agenda .
The Arab states see clearly what is happening .
A new study of public opinion shows that most Arabs in the Gulf see their region as a more likely target than Israel from an Iranian bomb .
If we wait for that threat to fully materialize , we will have waited too long .
As the French president , Nicolas Sarkozy , has said , we might be left with a choice of " an Iranian bomb or bombing Iran . "
The only thing worse than bombing Iran , according to Sen.
John McCain , is letting Iran get the bomb .
All the choices for the United States are bad .
The only option is to find the one that is the least bad .
The minimum we must do is station missile defense systems in or provide them to local states , including missiles with the range to hit Tehran .
Second , we must provide a security blanket and guarantee to selected Gulf states including Qatar , the UAE , Saudi Arabia , and Kuwait .
Third , we must impose an embargo even more extensive than the one we imposed on Cuba at the time of the Cuban missile crisis .
This would include a ban on the sale or purchase of products or services to or from Iran , a ban on all financial transactions of any kind with Iranians for their businesses , a ban on all travel to and from Iran , and more .
This policy must make it absolutely clear that any companies or individuals who violate the embargo will be banned from doing business with the United States .
It is painfully obvious that the international community has no idea how to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear weapon .
No one has a magic solution .
Thirty years of negotiations and sanctions have failed to end the Iranian nuclear program and its war against the West .
Why should anyone think such attempts will work now , given that the Iranians are probably less than a year away from the finish line in their race to achieve nuclear weapons capability ?
In an article entitled " Has Iran Won ? " the Economist magazine put it this way : " Who would have thought that a friendless theocracy with a Holocaust - denying president , which hangs teenagers in public and stones women to death , could run diplomatic circles around America and its European allies ? "
Check out this month 's best political cartoons .
See who is donating to your member of Congress .
One advantage of CHP ’s process - oriented style of programming is that it lends itself well to visualisation .
I do n’t make as much use of it on this site as I should , but some previous posts show diagrams with processes ( as nodes ) joined by channels ( as edges ) .
I already have some tracing support in CHP , and I had wondered if this could provide a quick and dirty way to graph a process network .
This post shows the results of adding a little support to CHP for process visualisation , which I ’m now debating whether or not to keep .
It turned out to be slightly better to add a new trace type ( the process - graph trace ) to CHP than to build a graph from the existing structural traces .
So from the user ’s point of view , all that would be added to the library was a new trace type ; no changes to an existing program would be required other than switching tracing on and using the process - graph as the trace type .
( I also added a labelling function for processes , that works with both structural and process - graph traces . )
Hooking the process - graph trace into the existing tracing infrastructure was so straightforward that it ’s not really worth writing about .
Unexpectedly , the most difficult part of making this functionality useful was finding something that can draw the process networks well .
Process networks tend to be hierarchical , in that each process ( node ) may contain a sub- network , composed to any depth .
These processes are connected via edges .
My first inclination for graph visualisation was to reach for graphviz .
So I wrote some code to spit out the graphviz file .
Graphviz has a dot tool for drawing graphs in lines with rank .
On a simple benchmark called numbers , it does quite well :
For larger examples , or those with cycles , its rank - basis can be awkward .
Here ’s the dining philosophers , rendered in a slightly unusual manner :
Most of the other graphviz tools can’t deal with hierarchical graphs — only the fdp tool can .
This seemed promising ; a force - directed approach that supported sub - graphs .
Here ’s the numbers example from above :
Clumsy .
And here ’s the dining philosophers :
Eugh !
This is a tiny bit better when you liberate it from its subgraph ( at least , it might be halfway decent if not for the node labels ) :
But there is a clear solution for the dining philosophers ( a star topology with the security guard at its centre ) , so if fdp makes a hash of this graph , I do n’t hold out much hope for more complex process networks .
I do n’t want to write my own tool for this , but I may if I have to ( I ’d actually quite like an interactive viewer so that you can drag things around like you can in prefuse , and perhaps involve animation of the network ) .
Any suggestions for beating fdp into shape , or for alternative tools would be most welcome !
Observed Occurrences Only
I said that this technique was quick and dirty .
The main flaw ( or is it a feature ? ) is that only the observationally determinable process network is graphed .
If you pass a channel to two processes who never communicate on it , that link wo n’t show up in the graph .
The graph is a trace : a record of what happened , not a blueprint of what might have happened .
This is not an invalid approach , but I expect it is not what most people want : most would like to see their process network drawn as it is in their program design with all channels shown , not just those that were used .
But that tool is more complicated , and will have to wait for another day .
( You can extend this hack to do something more like that if you use an annotation and generic programming to capture all processes ’ parameters and look through them for channel ends … )
Change and Movement Over Time
The fallacy of drawing the process network in a single image is that it is not static for the duration of the program .
Processes can start and end , come and go .
Not only that , but CHP channels can be freely communicated down other channels , meaning that programs can dynamically rewire their topology at run-time ( I should write some posts about that at some point ) .
So really a proper tool should include support for visualising the process network as it changes over time .
But again , that will have to wait for another day .
Denial and the Rapist Next Door
Jaclyn has an op-ed in the Hartford Courant , ahead of a speaking engagement at her alma mater Wesleyan on Tuesday , and she gives voice to the troubling truth about victim - blaming : people do it to feel safe .
It may be that the most compelling mission in human psychology is to explain why bad things happen .
If bad things can happen to anyone , for no reason , then they can happen to us .
( One could argue that the sense of insecurity produced by this realization is the root of all religion , though there are certainly powerful alternative theories . )
That ’s the tension that people relieve when they victim - blame about rape .
No other crime is both so serious and so epidemic .
Significant fractions of all women in the U.S. , and almost certainly in the world , are the targets of an attempted or completed rape in their lifetime , whereas the number of people who are murdered or kidnapped ( like rape , an A felony here in New York ) are a few out of every thousand .
One blogger wrote powerfully about the effect of that ( in a piece at Jezebel about Lotoya Peterson ’s fantastic Yes Means Yes essay The Not - Rape Epidemic ) and I quoted it in a post some time ago :
Men can do things that we will never be able to do without first brokering some kind of peace with the fear .
Even for men , who are at far less ( though still some ) risk of being raped , the realization that rape could happen to our friends , mothers , daughters , and for those of us with female partners , to the people with whom we share our lives , does not sit easily .
The most comfortable response is denial , or as Jaclyn puts it :
You want to feel safe .
You want to feel like rape is avoidable and rare and only happens to foolish girls who do n’t follow the rules .
Not to you , or to your daughter , or anyone you love .
You want to believe that only monsters commit “ real ” rape , terrifying men who look nothing like you or your friends .
You want to think that when nice - seeming boys get accused of rape , they were provoked , or are victims themselves of some kind of sexual misunderstanding .
You want to feel in control .
Who does n’t ?
[ Emphasis supplied . ]
But that ’s not the reality .
Jaclyn cites Lisak and McWhorter ’s work , the body of literature I call the Predator Theory .
The rapists who commit about ninety percent of rapes are just 4 - 8 % of the population .
They do it on purpose , they use alcohol and target acquaintances , and they do it because they can get away with it and do it again and again and again .
When people shift the focus to the victim , they have all sorts of explanations .
They may say it ’s all just a communication problem .
I ’ve addressed that before .
They may say that the rapist is at fault , but we ca n’t affect the rapist ’s behavior .
I ’ve addressed that before .
They may say that people need to take personal responsibility , or some other “ I ’m not blaming the victim BUT … ” excuse , and I ’ve addressed that before .
What we should all hear , though , is the subtext of the argument .
The speaker demands an easy explanation that reinforces the speaker ’s belief that bad things wo n’t happen to good people .
That denial comes at a terrible cost .
We cannot address a problem that we will not acknowledge , and again Jaclyn puts it better than I can :
Our collective failure to treat rape among acquaintances seriously means that the vast majority of students found responsible for rape on campus graduate with their classes , while many victims transfer or drop out altogether .
Not only is that unjust , it ’s a real missed opportunity .
Ensuring that campus rapists receive meaningful discipline for their crimes could have a dramatic effect .
Because a tiny minority of students are responsible for most campus rapes , prosecution that takes them out of circulation would mean they would n’t get a second or third chance , and that their potential next victims would be spared .
All it will cost is giving up our misguided illusions about who perpetrates rape , and who deserves it .
For a chance at real safety , it seems a small price to pay .
[ Emphasis supplied . ]
The last week has seen a lot of analysis of the Tea Party Movement .
It 's a Republican rump , according to the NYT , and a national majority , according to Pat Caddell .
My view is that it 's so amorphous that you can slice it any which way .
A minority of Americans seem enraged by the Obama administration in ways that are hard to explain .
But many Americans also retain a healthy distrust of government and debt ( even though they keep voting for lower taxes and more spending ) .
They have a real point .
Over the last decade , it is surely evident that big government has come back with a vengeance .
And one has to grasp that part of the tea -party anger is pent up from the Bush years .
Most of the rational tea-partiers accept that the GOP has been as bad - if not worse - than the Democrats on spending , borrowing and the size and scope of government in recent years .
They repressed this anger during the Bush years out of partisan loyalty .
Now , they 're taking it all out on the newbie .
It 's both fair and also unfair .
It 's fair because Obama is a liberal who believes government can and should help the poor and disadvantaged and has proven it by providing access to insurance for the working poor .
But it 's unfair because Obama 's fiscal and governing record is massively distorted by the impact of the bank meltdown , the steep revenue - killing recession , and the stimulus .
Until its last months , the Bush administration could claim no such excuses for its awful debt - management .
The big Bush jumps in discretionary spending , the big leap in entitlements under the unfunded Medicare D program , the long nation - building wars put off - budget , and the huge claims for executive power dominant in the first term : all these are far more damning to my mind than Obama 's pragmatism in grappling with an economic collapse or even the healthcare reform , which at least formally claims to reduce the deficit and pay for itself ( unlike Bush 's Medicare - D ) .
Even the protests at the manner in which the health reform was passed are disingenuous .
The Medicare - D process - involving holding the vote open for hours and brutal arm - twisting on the floor of the House - was far , far more cynical and brutal .
for a few years .
That 's why he called me on Friday , March 5 , the day he resigned from Congress , and invited me to start recording his nightmare .
We spoke frequently throughout that weekend — he called and talked at length about what he said was a conspiracy to run him out of Congress , a conspiracy that reached all the way to the White House .
At one point , he mentioned that after he had publicly denounced the House leadership , several people had urged him to run for president ; he told me this at 4:40 on the afternoon of Monday , March 8 , twenty minutes before his resignation became effective .
He also mentioned that he would be traveling to New York the next day for two televised interviews .
I ended up accompanying him to both Glenn Beck and Larry King Live — I sat in the studio , maybe twenty feet from him , next to his wife , Beverly .
On the ride back to their hotel later , I asked if I could join them at their house , in upstate New York , the next day , to see of what it 's like to return home and begin life again after a hideous public downfall .
" Just give me enough time to change the sheets in the guesthouse , " Beverly replied with a short laugh .
The result is this profile .
It is the rarest of moments to witness .
Great success typically has legions to record it , but a man in utter and sudden disgrace is beyond alone .
A public death is hard to watch and is seldom seen up close .
My interest in spending this time with Massa was not to get to the bottom of the ugly charges against him — official investigations and civil litigation will do that better than I could .
Rather , I wanted to observe , relentlessly , what happens to a man 's mind when he loses his job , his reputation , and his honor in the most humiliating way .
A United States congressman had resigned in a hurry , and nobody quite understood why ... and now he was preparing his guesthouse for me .
And then there was the little matter of the grave conspiracy that Massa had brought to me a month earlier — an unbelievable web of treachery involving secret meetings between General David Petraeus and Dick Cheney regarding the Republican nomination for the presidency in 2012 .
Massa and I had had several conversations on the topic , each more urgent than the last .
We booked a meeting for February at the Esquire offices in Manhattan with the assumption that we might have a blockbuster Petraeus story on our hands .
And then the news broke of the sexual harassment charges , and the ethics investigation , and then , suddenly , Massa was gone .
I stayed at his house for three days , and in the weeks that followed , he called , texted , or e-mailed me a dozen times to offer phone numbers of friends and associates who could vouch for his honor , his sanity , his reputation .
But my goal was not to find out whether or not Eric Massa is good or bad ; I did n't need character witnesses .
My reason for driving to Corning , New York , and sitting shiva with Eric Massa in that living room with the walls closing in all day and all night was to see what it looks like when a public man suddenly , and unexpectedly , steps off a cliff .
Some standout moments from the complete story :
• On Friday , March 5 , 2010 , Congressman Eric Massa , whom I had known professionally for a few years , called me and said that he was preparing to announce his resignation from the U.S. House of Representatives .
He had previously announced his intention not to seek reelection this fall , citing a possible recurrence of cancer .
But there were also allegations that he had sexually harassed young male staff members , at least one of whom was gay .
On this same phone call , he said that he had attempted suicide two nights earlier .
• The following Tuesday , Massa traveled from his home in Corning , New York , to Manhattan , for appearances on two talk shows : Glenn Beck's , for an interview that became infamous ; and Larry King 's , on which he appeared via satellite .
I was present in the studio during both .
That night , I asked if I could join the Massas at their home in Corning to interview Eric about his ordeal .
He agreed without hesitation .
• Earlier in the year , long before the allegations had been made public , Massa had called me with a potentially huge story :
Four retired generals — three four - stars and one three - star — had informed him , he said , that General David Petraeus , the head of U.S. Central Command , had met twice in secret with former vice president Dick Cheney .
In those meetings , the generals said , Cheney had attempted to recruit Petraeus to run for president as a Republican in 2012 .
• The generals had told him , and Massa had agreed , that if someone did n't act immediately to reveal this plot , American constitutional democracy itself was at risk .
Massa and I had had several conversation on the topic , each more urgent than the last .
He had gone to the Pentagon , he told me , demanding answers .
He knew the powerful forces that he was dealing with , he told me .
They 'd stop at nothing to prevent the truth from coming out , he said , including destroying him .
" I told the official , ' If I have to get up at a committee hearing and go public with this , it will cause the mother of all shitstorms and your life will be hell .
So I need a meeting .
Now . ' "
• Massa eventually came to the Esquire offices in New York to tell us the Petraeus story .
He spoke with the bluster and hyperbole I had seen in him at stump speeches , but he had credibility on this matter — twenty - four years of active service in the Navy , a seat on the House Armed Services Committee , and an increasing voice in the media as a Democrat who would speak with authority about military issues .
Still , when he called the possibility that Petraeus could beat Obama in an election a " coup " and " treason , " the characterization seemed odd .
" If what I 've been told is true — and I believe it is , " he told myself and two colleagues , " General David Petraeus , a commander with soldiers deployed in two theaters of war , has had multiple meetings with Dick Cheney , the former vice - president of the United States , to discuss Petraeus 's candidacy for the Republican nomination for the presidency .
And in fact , that 's more than a constitutional crisis .
That 's treason . "
• After he resigned from Congress and made his two uncomfortable TV appearances , I arrived at his home in Corning on the evening of Wednesday , March 10 and stayed till late Friday .
For almost the entire visit , we sat in his living room or at the kitchen table , and he talked — about conspiracy ( " the political overthrow of the commander in chief " ) , about cancer ( " It was an entity , it was thing .
You can't fight what 's happening now . " ) , about his two college - age children , and mostly about the shocking number of his friends and colleagues who had decided to betray him in the weeks and months that led up to his sudden , and very surprising , resignation .
" You are witnessing the total and complete destruction of a man , " Eric Massa told me .
And I was .
UPDATE ( 4:30 P.M. ) : Petraeus Responds , Legal Expert Reviews Potential Coup
Ryan D'Agostino Ryan D'Agostino is Editorial Director , Projects at Hearst , and previously served as Editor - in - Chief at Popular Mechanics and Esquire 's Articles Editor .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Britain 's telecommunications regulator says its " preliminary view " is that " there is currently insufficient evidence to justify regulation to prohibit certain forms of traffic management . "
In other words , Ofcom sees no need for open Internet rules , given the agency 's view that nothing has happened in United Kingdom cyberspace to merit them .
The " consultation , " as Ofcom calls its new discussion piece , notes " the absence of complaints or concrete examples of discrimination " presented to the agency so far .
Titled Traffic management and ' net neutrality ' , it comes following yesterday 's record for British Internet consumption .
The BBC reports that the England vs. Slovenia World Cup game generated 800,000 simultaneous streams — a " peak number watching at any one time . "
Traffic Management also comes as the European Commission promises a big debate about net neutrality this summer .
Who bears the costs ?
But what caught our eye about the piece — the equivalent of a Notice of Inquiry launched by our Federal Communications Commission — is its theory of Internet economics .
The report plays down worries about the prospect of ISPs charging content and applications providers for access to Internet subscribers , or seeing this as a form of potential discrimination .
Ofcom 's " initial view " is that a ban on this sort of practice , which our FCC is currently considering , " is unlikely to lead to efficient market outcomes . "
" In simple terms , " the UK commission continues , " it means that consumers [ would ] have to bear all of the costs in a ' two sided market ' in which content and applications providers clearly benefit from access to consumers as well as vice versa . "
What is a ' two sided market ' ?
Within the context of the ' Net , Ofcom defines it as so :
The two sides consist of consumers purchasing internet connectivity on the one hand , and content , applications and service providers on the other .
ISPs allow consumers to access content , applications and services , and the latter to access consumers .
In theory , this should be a mutually beneficial arrangement .
Satisfying the demand of each side depends in part on the participation of the other .
For example , consumers would value internet connectivity more highly the more content and applications they can access .
Similarly the value content providers find in offering online services increases with consumer internet take - up as it offers them a chance to reach larger numbers of consumers .
The trick in a market like this is for both sides to find the right balance , Ofcom suggests .
If ISPs charge too much to consumers , they 'll use broadband less .
If ISPs overcharge content providers , that could chill investment in new applications and content .
So " in theory , the ISP is well - placed to act as an ' honest broker ' bringing two sets of preferences together , " the document contends .
Therefore , banning " voluntary commercial agreements " ( as the telcos in the US call them ) , would only be appropriate " if there was evidence that consumers place value on additional services , applications and content significantly more than the service providers value access to consumers . "
Ofcom adds that " it is not clear that such a prohibition would be proportionate .
Indeed the introduction of wholesale charging could be consistent with an efficient market outcome . "
What this analysis seems to assume is that if ISPs can't charge content and application providers like Google for access to their own subscribers , the burden of paying for Internet on - ramp access will fall directly on consumers in the form of subscription fees .
Less able to sustain those additional costs than content providers , people might respond by buying or using less broadband , depressing the Internet investment economy .
But we can envision a very different scenario .
If ISPs are allowed to charge content providers for better subscriber access , those content providers will transfer their new costs to consumers in a myriad of hidden ways : more ads , more exploitation of user data , and worst of all , more tiers of access that tithe the best thing about the ' Net right now — that consumers can upload content and create their own environments for very little money .
The question is how to regulate that economy so that the Internet 's main virtue continues to thrive .
Any future scenario
Still , the regulator acknowledges that " some forms of discrimination could raise consumer concerns " and that " discriminatory practices by firms with substantial market power are likely to come under particularly close scrutiny . "
But Ofcom says that this does n't mean that governments actually have to do something to make net neutrality so .
It 's a " common understanding " among EU nations that an open and neutral Internet is desirable , the regulator notes .
This could be achieved in a variety of ways , however , " not least appropriate forbearance from regulation .
There is no obligation on national regulators to introduce restrictions on traffic management or other forms of network management . "
The most proactive suggestion the document makes is that ISP network management and pricing practices should be as transparent as possible .
" We believe that , in any future commercial scenario , " Ofcom writes , " it is critical that consumers should have access to meaningful information on policies that affect their experience including relevant traffic prioritisation , degradation or blocking policies being applied by their ISP and that they are able to factor this in when making purchasing and / or switching decisions . "
The England team have shown off their official World Cup suits - and there is more than just a hint of 1966 in the design .
Forty - four years ago , Sir Alf Ramsey 's World Cup winners sported an ensemble with thin lapels and narrow trousers - a look England manager Fabio Capello was keen to see repeated .
He asked for the thin lapels , a slim silhouette , and slanted pockets - and if Marks & Spencer could provide an injury free defender at right back too , that would be a bonus .
606 : DEBATE
Created in collaboration with Savile Row tailor Timothy Everest , the suit marks a break away from the designer attire of previous years , and the more superstitious might hope that it will even inspire a change in the team 's World Cup fortunes .
M&S ' menswear director Richard Price said : " The Football Association and M&S are both great British institutions so we are extremely proud to continue to dress the England team as they travel to South Africa this summer . "
The suit will be available for fans to buy in stores and online .
The ICC has demanded another vice - presidency candidate after John Howard 's nomination was rejected by its executive board in Singapore .
A move which began with members from six countries signalling their intention to block the appointment on Tuesday turned into an official rejection of Australia 's former prime minister today .
The ICC confirmed the decision this afternoon following an executive meeting that was supposed to formalise Howard 's election .
No vote was taken and Cricket Australia and New Zealand Cricket were asked to re-nominate a candidate by August 31 .
The ICC said in a statement : " Following lengthy consideration it was recognised that the nomination put forward by Cricket Australia and New Zealand Cricket did not have sufficient support within the ICC board . "
Cricket Australia 's chairman Jack Clarke and his New Zealand Cricket counterpart Alan Isaac said in a joint statement they were " deeply disappointed " after supplying " the best possible candidate " .
" We jointly nominated Mr Howard as he possesses significant leadership and administrative skills , " they said .
" We believe cricket needs to continue to seek excellence and dispassionate independence in the game 's global governance .
" We were delighted that the most senior world figure ever considered for this role agreed to accept the nomination .
We remain convinced it is reasonable for his nomination to be supported by the ICC executive board and we are deeply disappointed by the position taken . "
Initial rumblings from Zimbabwe and South Africa in April became an all - conquering alliance when India signed up along with their subcontinent neighbours this week .
It leaves the ICC without a deputy to be paraded alongside India 's Sharad Pawar when he takes over the presidency from David Morgan this week .
The position taken by the six board members on Tuesday night was believed to be an attempt to force Howard to withdraw his nomination before the meeting .
Howard remained in the race but lost the one - man raffle at the Raffles convention centre , ending the 70 - year - old 's cricket administration career before it was allowed to begin .
Seven votes were required to seal the deal but Australia , New Zealand and England were the only supporters of Howard before the meeting among the game 's 10 major countries .
The six members signed a letter on Tuesday effectively stopping the appointment , but Zimbabwe , the most strident back - room protestor of Howard 's nomination , was not one of them .
During Howard 's 11 - year term as prime minister he was critical of Robert Mugabe 's regime and was responsible for banning the team from touring the country in 2007 .
Howard visited Zimbabwe cricket officials last week in an unsuccessful effort to smooth relations with the board .
Once India turned from Howard there was no chance of him gaining enough support , with Pakistan , Sri Lanka and Bangladesh believed to have sided with their all - powerful neighbour .
Howard was the joint nomination of Cricket Australia and New Zealand Cricket for the role as part of the rotational system employed by the ICC .
Under the regulations , Howard would have assumed the presidency in 2012 after Pawar 's two - year term .
While the two countries have remained committed to Howard , his selection was complicated by New Zealand 's wish to choose Sir John Anderson , its long - term respected administrator .
An independent committee was charged with breaking the deadlock and once Howard emerged as the winner the boards were publicly united .
However , the delay provided fuel for the opponents to question whether New Zealand had been out - muscled by Australia .
Confirmation of Howard 's role - he was nominated in March - was expected in April , but Zimbabwe raised their concerns through South African officials outside an ICC meeting in Dubai .
The issue dragged on and Clarke and his chief executive James Sutherland were still lobbying for support over the past couple of days .
Execution order constraints imposed by dependences can serialize computation , preventing parallelisation of code and algorithms .
Speculating on the value(s ) carried by dependences is one way to break such critical dependences .
Value speculation has been used effectively at a low level , by compilers and hardware .
In this paper , we focus on the use of speculation by programmers as an algorithmic paradigm to parallelize seemingly sequential code .
We propose two new language constructs , speculative composition and speculative iteration .
These constructs enable programmers to declaratively express speculative parallelism in programs : to indicate when and how to speculate , increasing the parallelism in the program , without concerning themselves with mundane implementation details .
We present a core language with speculation constructs and mutable state and present a formal operational semantics for the language .
We use the semantics to define the notion of a correct speculative execution as one that is equivalent to a non-speculative execution .
In general , speculation requires a runtime mechanism to undo the effects of speculative computation in the case of mispredictions .
We describe a set of conditions under which such rollback can be avoided .
We present a static analysis that checks if a given program satisfies these conditions .
This allows us to implement speculation efficiently , without the overhead required for rollbacks .
We have implemented the speculation constructs as a C# library , along with the static checker for safety .
We present an empirical evaluation of the efficacy of this approach to parallelization .
Best part of the NBA Finals , says ESPN's J.A. Adande .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SALT LAKE CITY --
A massive effort is underway to clean up the damage left behind when a Chevron pipeline leaked up to 21,000 gallons of oil into Salt Lake City waterways Saturday .
Crews capped the site of a leak , which was spilling oil into Red Butte Creek .
As of 4 p.m.
Friday , officials said they had the flow slowed to just two to three gallons per minute .
Chevron officials have confirmed the pipeline was shut off around 7:45 a.m. , but warn residual oil was still leaking at the fracture point .
Though the site of the leak has been contained , officials estimate up to 500 barrels of oil have already been released .
The Salt Lake Valley Health Department says the oil has reached the Jordan River down to 1300 South and appears to be continuing into the Great Salt Lake .
Liberty Park was closed to the public and will likely remain closed for weeks as crews work to clean up the mess .
Leak detected
Before officials knew anything was happening , Red Butte Creek was running grotesque shades of black and brown .
People walking their dogs noticed a stench permeating the city 's east side .
" My dog ran ahead of me and went down into the water unfortunately , " said Salt Lake City resident Adrian Pulfer .
" It became obvious the whole creek was awash with petroleum . "
Scott Freitag , a spokesman with the Salt Lake City Fire Department , says employees at the Veterans Affairs Hospital spotted oil in the creek around 6:45 a.m. and called 911 .
Fire crews responded quickly .
" We put some absorbent booms into the creek there to catch what we could catch , " said Freitag .
Related :
Residents , animals feel impact of Salt Lake City oil leak An oil leak blackened Red Butte Creek and other Salt Lake waterways Saturday .
Residents and animals in the area are feeling the impact .
Still , an estimated 50 to 60 gallons of crude oil leaked into Red Butte Creek per minute .
Crews traced the oil upstream to a 10 - inch wide Chevron crude oil pipeline , which was leaking underground near Red Butte Garden by the University of Utah .
Heavy crude oil bubbled out of the ground into the creek .
In a stroke of luck , a crew from Big D Construction was working nearby , unrelated to the leak .
" Right away they stopped what they were doing on their job , brought over heavy equipment and began building the dams , dikes and ponds to help us contain this , " Freitag said .
At a press conference Saturday afternoon , officials reported the leak actually began around 10:00 Friday night .
Chevron reported receiving high - and low - pressure alarms Friday evening .
Chevron officials still are n't sure how the leak started .
The company 's refinery manager , Mark Sullivan , admitted he did n't know about the leak until the fire department called him .
He gives a lot of credit to the construction team for helping contain the leak .
" Their immediate response is critical to minimizing the impact of this leak , " he said .
Sullivan said Chevron took quick action as soon as news of the leak broke .
" It was shut off immediately after I was made aware of it , " he said .
Sullivan says the company takes full responsibility for the leak .
" That means we 'll take responsibility for any financial damage , for any environmental damage , for any safety concerns or impacts on people 's health , " he said .
We are working tirelessly with Chevron teams to contain this spill from the critical ecological areas affected in our city .
– Mayor Ralph Becker
Firefighters are n't sure if a nearby power failure Friday night was related to the leak .
The crude oil belongs to Chevron and comes from their Colorado 10 - inch pipeline , which runs down Emigration Canyon and heads west over Beck Street in Salt Lake City to the company refinery .
Cleanup begins
Chevron spokesman Dan Johnson said crews were able to cap the leak and are now working on cleaning up the crude oil that spilled into the water .
Johnson also said the company will do everything in its power to figure out what happened .
" We 're going to dig up and excavate that pipe .
Some of us wanted to look at that tonight , " Johnson said .
" It 's a safety issue .
There are a lot of other pipes associated in that area -- water , power and natural gas -- and we were concerned if we started digging in a very confined area we could create more problems rather than solve problems . "
The oil spilling into Red Butte Creek .
Chevron crews , firefighters , hazardous materials teams , and environmental crews are using sandbags and other sponge - type equipment in an attempt to contain the oil .
Groupings of 6 - to 8 - inch absorbent booms have also been deployed along the Jordan River to minimize downstream impact .
A Chevron vacuum truck is pumping from the effected ponds , transporting the crude oil to the local Chevron refinery at 2351 N. 1100 West in Salt Lake City .
Salt Lake City Mayor Ralph
Becker says drinking water for residents has not been affected .
" We are working tirelessly with Chevron teams to contain this spill from the critical ecological areas affected in our city , " said Becker .
" Our fire teams have capped the site and will work to determine the damage and best course of action . "
Mayor Becker is asking for residents to stay away from Red Butte Canyon and Liberty Park so crews can adequately manage the spill , and says all water access points along Red Butte Creek , Liberty Park and the Jordan River should be avoided by humans and animals at this time .
The crude oil made its way all the way to Liberty Park , which was shut down for the first time in memory .
Officials estimate the cleanup will take weeks , and Becker says that means keeping Liberty Park closed to the public .
" This could take weeks to finish the clean up down here , " Becker said .
" I 'm sorry to do that to the people in terms of recreational use but we want to make sure we have it clean and safe . "
City officials say they are not in need of resident volunteers at this point .
Health concerns
Symptoms to watch out for
difficulty breathing
nausea
dizziness
severe headaches Residents are advised to call 911 only if they experience :
Wind from a storm front dissipated fumes during the morning and active hours of the leak .
However , officials say residual fumes may be collecting .
Fire and hazmat crews have not detected any high toxicity levels in the air around the creek , but they will continue to monitor the area through the weekend .
At this point , there are no concerns about fire or explosions .
Officials advise residents to only call 911 if they experience difficulty breathing , nausea , dizziness and severe headaches .
Residents near the creek who are smelling petroleum odors should do everything they can to keep their homes ventilated .
Again , city officials have issued a strong warning to residents to stay away from the affected areas and to keep their pets away from the water .
The state Division of Water Quality was on site assessing damage and will issue a violation notice against Chevron , Gov. Gary Herbert said in a release .
The governor said he was monitoring the spill , which he called " devastating . "
As for any property damage or hotel reimbursements , Chevron has a number you can call to file claims .
That number is 866-752-6340 .
In addition , the public may submit comments and concerns regarding the spill by calling the Salt Lake City Joint Information Center at 801-535-7171 , sending an e-mail to oil@slcgov.com or filling out an online form HERE .
-----
Story compiled with contributions from John Hollenhorst , Alex CabreroAnne Forester and Becky Bruce .
×
Photos
A sunset captured last month by the International Space Station 's Expedition 23 crew shows in vivid detail many layers of the Earth 's thin atmosphere .
Part of the Earth experiencing night crosses the bottom of the image .
Above that , appearing in deep orange and yellow , is the Earth 's troposphere , which contains 80 percent of the atmosphere by mass and almost all of the clouds in the sky .
Visible as a white band above the troposphere is the stratosphere , part of the Earth 's atmosphere where aeroplanes fly and some hardy bacteria float .
Above the stratosphere , visible as a light blue band , are higher and thinner atmospheric levels that gradually fade away into the cold dark vacuum of outer space .
Sunset is not an uncommon sight for occupants of the International Space Station - they may see as many as 16 in one day
Credit : Expedition 23 Crew , NASA
Part of an ongoing series on the environmental impacts of the Gulf oil spill .
Driving down Highway 23 last week in the southern Louisiana fishing town of Port Sulphur ( map ) , David Ojeda could smell that something was n't right .
Turbulent winds over the approaching Gulf of Mexico oil spill were blowing strong odors inland , the 68 - year - old shrimper suspects .
" Everybody 's worried , " he said Wednesday at the Port Sulphur harbor , which was filled to capacity with fishers rendered idle by the spill .
" Nobody knows what will happen . "
Unpleasant though it may be for those on the shore , that smell could be a sign of Mother Nature doing her own dirty work :
It 's the pungent scent of evaporating surface oil , which rises into the atmosphere and gets broken down by sunlight .
The joint federal - industry response team , led by U.S. Coast Guard Rear Adm .
Mary Landry , has been attacking the growing slick with an arsenal of chemical dispersants , protective booms , and containment domes on the seafloor , among other techniques .
At the same time , the environment has been doing its own cleanup , which should not be ignored , experts say .
" Just like Rear Admiral Landry discusses her toolbox , nature has its own toolbox for responding to oil spills , whether it 's evaporation or photochemical breakdown or dilution , " said Christopher Reddy , a marine chemist at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution ( WHOI ) in Massachusetts .
" Collectively ... they can be quite effective . "
Yet experts caution that nature 's contributions to the recovery effort might be hampered by long - term environmental abuse .
" The resilience of nature is a key issue , " said Sylvia Earle , a marine biologist and National Geographic explorer - in - residence .
( National Geographic News is owned by the National Geographic Society . )
The U.S. Gulf Coast obviously has some ability to bounce back from ecological disasters , " or else there would be nothing left in the Gulf after many assaults with spills and overfishing and flow of toxins from " human activity in the Gulf states , she said .
( See pictures of recovery in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina . )
" As long as you 've got a reasonably healthy system , then recovery of some sort can take place .
The sad thing is that much of the Gulf is already severely degraded , and resilience is not what it used to be .
Let 's just hope we can back off with other pressures to allow recovery to take place . "
Gulf Oil Spill
Is " Butter " for Microbes
Evaporation in particular " is our friend right now , " WHOI 's Reddy said , since its benefits are both immediate and major .
That 's because the lightest oil molecules — the first to reach the surface from the leaking deep - sea wellhead — also happen to be the most harmful to wildlife , he said .
( See " Gulf Oil Spill Pictures : Ten Animals at Risk . " )
Many of these light molecules are volatile chemicals known as aromatic hydrocarbons , and if they do n't evaporate , they can dissolve into the water and be toxic to marine life .
Heavier oil still in the water gets broken into droplets or dispersed naturally though wind and wave action , allowing legions of microbes to move in for a feast .
Energy - rich oil " is basically butter " to these organisms , Reddy said .
" Any self - respecting bacteria is going to want to eat it . "
But oil - munching microbes are choosy :
They go after the most simply shaped oil molecules first , because smoother shapes are easier to nibble on than more complex , jagged oil molecules .
In other words , Reddy said , the bacteria " start off with big stuffed shrimp and prime rib and fresh sushi and [ then ] go to the less and less appetizing compounds " — which drags out breakdown of the oil by weeks or months .
Oil in the Breadbasket
Still , there is a bright side when it comes to microbial action in the Gulf , said Stan Senner , conservation director for the Ocean Conservancy .
The region 's warm and sunny climate means that more microbes can stick around for longer , as compared with the colder , darker conditions in Alaska , the site of the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill .
( Related : " Exxon Valdez Anniversary : 20 Years Later , Oil Remains . " )
But these kinds of microbes only work where they can breathe , Senner noted .
Once oil becomes buried in oxygen - poor sediments , " microbial action can be very slow to nonexistent . "
( Related : " Gulf Oil Spill a ' Dead Zone in the Making ' ? " )
And when oil gets trapped underground , it can stay for decades , according to Gregory Stone , director of Louisiana State University 's Coastal Studies Unit .
For instance , on the Mississippi coast — where smaller oil spills have washed ashore in the past — researchers have found oil as deep as 20 feet ( about 6 meters ) , Stone said .
If oil sinks into the soils of the Gulf 's breadbasket — the marshes — there 's nothing nature or humans can do to stop it , experts say — and that could present a toxic nightmare for small animals that live in the sediments and the larger creatures that eat them .
" I Don't Have Room for Any More "
The effects of oil seeping into Gulf marshes would be like losing an entire nursery of babies in a major hospital , said Barton Longman , a former oil - rig roughneck and now recreational fisher in Port Sulphur .
About 40 percent of U.S. seafood begins its journey in these nourishing marshes , said Longman , standing in front of his boat .
He may use the craft for a new charter fishing business — if he sticks around .
After enduring a fire and three big hurricanes in nearly a half century here , Longman said he will leave if the Gulf oil spill proves catastrophic : " I 'm full ... I do n't have room for any more . "
When I look back on the economic boom years of the early 2000s – the sunshine in which we apparently failed to make any hay – I feel bitter that no one told me we were having a boom at the time .
I might have enjoyed it more .
But , like Sid James , the media only want to talk about busts .
Obviously , there were signs of prosperity – bankers coining it and stock markets rising – but no one was saying : " Hooray , what a lovely boom !
Let 's be happy !
Merry boom everyone ! "
At least we'd have known to have fun while it lasted .
And it might have reduced the subsequent slump if more commentators had said : " Guys , this is a boom , right ?
As in ' boom and bust ' ?
So no prizes for guessing what 's going to happen next . "
Unless you 're into short selling , that is , in which case the prizes were astronomical .
I expect one of the reasons the good years were played down is that so many people were still poor during them .
When an actor says he's out of work , it 's professional courtesy for his peers to commiserate : " Oh , but it 's so quiet at the moment .
I heard that Michael Caine 's going up for Holby City . "
They do n't crow about how busy they are .
Maybe the boom was politely ignored to save the feelings of those not benefiting from it , when it would have been more honest to have said : " What , you 're poor now ?
You 're out of work at the moment ?
You 're really screwed ! "
The boom only got expressed in terms of warning signs : house prices and consumer debt spiralling out of control .
We disregarded these gathering clouds – and pretended that a period we retrospectively dub opulent and irresponsible was normal – when we might at least have been enjoying their silver linings .
Loads of people were making a theoretical fortune on their houses and , by borrowing heavily against them , got to buy designer shoes and go to fancy restaurants .
Whoopee !
And what a lot of fancy restaurants popped up !
There was a revolution in British food , people said .
We 'd finally got the idea of cuisine and had the Michelin stars and whelk ice cream to prove it .
And , with the restaurants , came the celebrity chefs and the proliferation of talking , writing and broadcasting about different ways of cooking .
Books , newspapers and television bombarded us with recipes .
I think it made many of us proud .
We 'd had a national epiphany .
For too long , we 'd been shameful eaters of crap , too busy with vulgar commerce to savour our meals .
From the Cornish pasty to the M&S sandwich , we were pioneers of the working lunch – a people too obedient , stressed and joyless to take time over the really important things : good food , good wine , good company .
But that had all changed – we 'd finally got a national grip and now we were among the finest diners in Europe , while even French resistance to fast food was beginning to look like a cultural Maginot Line .
For once , it seemed , we British had got our priorities right .
But we had n't – we were just affluent .
We did n't really prioritise food .
Like drunks at a urinal , we were splashing out because we were loaded .
The award - winning eateries , the bestselling cookery books , the distended Ramsay chain and London 's sainted Borough Market itself were just exceptions to the rule of microwave meals and an obesity epidemic .
Most of us were still eating Pot Noodle in front of the telly while looking at Nigella Lawson 's tits .
And failing to spot the economically prophetic visual pun .
Now that times are hard , our real priorities have re-emerged .
As most of us settle back into the old habits of Scotch eggs nervously munched over keyboards full of bits of crisp , the posh restaurants are in crisis .
So much so that they 've launched a previously unthinkable scheme : they 're letting customers bring their own bottles .
Suddenly , it 's not just curry houses run by devout Muslims or kebab joints which lost their licences for serving paint - stripper that are welcoming customers who clink as they arrive .
Some very chichi places have signed up to a BYO club , where diners pay £ 99 a year in exchange for little or no corkage if they arrive via Oddbins .
This sounds like another great opportunity for fans of overusing the word " democratisation " and good news for customers – everyone knows that restaurants fleece you on the drinks .
But if that 's true in the good times , what happens when they 're struggling ?
Is the food reduced to a loss leader ?
If so , these establishments are drumming up custom by eliminating the only profitable part of their trade .
Maybe they 're hoping that customers will drain their own bottles and get stuck into the expensive digestifs ?
But it 's difficult to feel sorry for restaurateurs when the scheme is couched in terms like these : " We expect certain things from people bringing in their own wine .
We expect them to buy something from us and to be generous to staff … it is really there for people who have fine wine with some bottle age .
It is not going to be worth bringing a bottle of supermarket rioja . "
Those are the words of Rowley Leigh , owner and head of cookery at Le Café Anglais in Whiteley 's shopping centre , and it took me several minutes of wall - punching , teeth - grinding and incoherent wailing before I could formulate a reasoned response .
Fuck off , Rowley Leigh .
If , for a fee , you 're letting people bring their own bottles , you will open and pour , and chill if requested , whatever they arrive with , be it Piat d'Or , pre-mixed buck 's fizz or a four - pack of Special Brew .
If you think some wines are too poor to accompany your food , then do n't drink them with it .
But the food you serve in your restaurant is your customers ' food which you have sold to them and if they want to wash it down with a 50 - 50 mix of lambrusco and Guinness and chew gum while they do it , then you should take their money with a smile and keep your opinions to yourself .
There was no British food revolution .
It was just another way of being snobbish and judgmental during a boom .
No one will turn up at Le Café Anglais with a bottle of plonk – they 'll nervously bring expensive wine and try to fit in with an environment that is fashion - led , not food - led , where the taste of the dishes is secondary to that exhibited by the customers .
I really hope more such places close than schools .
This Is Not A Photograph
Step by Step Illustration after the jump :
Hard to believe , but that 's what the artist says and he has the skills to make it so .
Then again , who are you going to believe ?
The artist or your lying eyes ?
" This is a painting completed in February 2005 .
It was a Portrait Class project that I decided to finish in my spare time after the workshop .
It probably took a total of around 65 - 75 hours to complete .
The small images are step by step photographs taken during the painting process , and the large image is the final painting after detail and skin texture are added with an eraser and colored pencil .
The main colors are blocked in at the beginning , but refinement is withheld until the very end .
Look for a more complete step by step article in an upcoming magazine issue ~ Dru Blair " -- Blair Art Studios
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Everyone gathered for the town hall meeting had been repeatedly instructed to show civility to the gentlemen from BP and the federal government .
These fine folks had made time in their busy schedules to come to a school gymnasium on a Tuesday night in Plaquemines Parish , Louisiana , one of many coastal communities where brown poison was slithering through the marshes , part of what has come to be described as the largest environmental disaster in US history .
Ad Policy
" Speak to others the way you would want to be spoken to , " the chair of the meeting pleaded one last time before opening the floor for questions .
Related Article In Deep Water : A Way of Life in Peril Avi Lewis
And for a while the crowd , mostly made up of fishing families , showed remarkable restraint .
They listened patiently to Larry Thomas , a genial BP public relations flack , as he told them that he was committed to " doing better " to process their claims for lost revenue — then passed all the details off to a markedly less friendly subcontractor .
They heard out the suit from the Environmental Protection Agency as he informed them that , contrary to what they had read about the lack of testing and the product being banned in Britain , the chemical dispersant being sprayed on the oil was really perfectly safe .
But patience started running out by the third time Ed Stanton , a Coast Guard captain , took to the podium to reassure them that " the Coast Guard intends to make sure that BP cleans it up . "
" Put it in writing ! " someone shouted out .
By now the air - conditioning had shut itself off and the coolers of Budweiser were running low .
A shrimper named Matt O’Brien approached the mic .
" We do n’t need to hear this anymore , " he declared , hands on hips .
It did n’t matter what assurances they were offered because , he explained , " we just do n’t trust you guys ! "
And with that , such a loud cheer rose up from the bleachers you ’d have thought the Oilers ( the school ’s unfortunate name for its sports teams ) had scored a touchdown .
The showdown was cathartic , if nothing else .
For weeks residents had been subjected to a barrage of pep talks and extravagant promises coming from Washington , Houston and London .
Every time they turned on their TVs , there was the BP boss , Tony Hayward , offering his solemn word that he would " make it right . "
Or else it was President Obama expressing his absolute confidence that his administration would " leave the Gulf Coast in better shape than it was before , " that he was " making sure " it " comes back even stronger than it was before this crisis . "
It all sounded great .
But for people whose livelihoods put them in intimate contact with the delicate chemistry of the wetlands , it also sounded absurd .
Once the oil coats the base of the marsh grass , as it had already done just a few miles away , no miracle machine or chemical concoction could safely get it out .
You can skim oil off the surface of open water , and you can rake it off a sandy beach , but an oiled marsh just sits there , slowly dying .
The larvae of countless species for which the marsh is a spawning ground — shrimp , crab , oysters and fin fish — will be poisoned .
It was already happening .
Earlier that day , I traveled through nearby marshes in a shallow - water boat .
Fish were jumping in waters encircled by white boom , the strips of thick cotton and mesh BP is using to soak up the oil .
The circle of fouled material seemed to be tightening around the fish like a noose .
Nearby , a red - winged blackbird perched atop a seven - foot blade of oil - contaminated marsh grass .
Death was creeping up the cane ; the small bird may as well have been standing on a lighted stick of dynamite .
And then there is the grass itself , or the Roseau cane , as the tall , sharp blades are called .
If oil seeps deeply enough into the marsh , it will not only kill the grass above ground but also the roots .
Those roots are what hold the marsh together , keeping bright - green land from collapsing into the Mississippi River Delta and the Gulf of Mexico .
So not only do places like Plaquemines Parish stand to lose their fisheries , but also much of the physical barrier that lessens the intensity of fierce storms like Hurricane Katrina .
Which could mean losing everything .
How long will it take for an ecosystem this ravaged to be " restored and made whole , " as Obama ’s interior secretary pledged it would be ?
It ’s not at all clear that such a thing is even possible , at least not in a time frame we can easily wrap our heads around .
The Alaskan fisheries have yet to recover fully from the 1989 Exxon Valdez spill , and some species of fish never returned .
Government scientists estimate that as much as a Valdez - worth of oil may be entering the Gulf Coast waters every four days .
An even worse prognosis emerges from the 1991 Gulf War spill , when an estimated 11 million barrels of oil were dumped into the Persian Gulf — the largest spill ever .
It ’s not a perfect comparison , since so little cleanup was done , but according to a study conducted twelve years after the disaster in the Persian Gulf , nearly 90 percent of the impacted muddy salt marshes and mangroves were still profoundly damaged .
We do know this : far from being " made whole , " the Gulf Coast , more than likely , will be diminished .
Its rich waters and crowded skies will be less alive than they are today .
The physical space many communities occupy on the map will also shrink , thanks to erosion .
And the coast ’s legendary culture will contract and wither .
The fishing families up and down the coast do not just gather food , after all .
They hold up an intricate network that includes family tradition , cuisine , music , art and endangered languages — much like the roots of grass holding up the land in the marsh .
Without fishing , these unique cultures lose their root system , the very ground on which they stand .
( BP , for its part , is well aware of the limits of recovery .
The company ’s " Gulf of Mexico Regional Oil Spill Response Plan " specifically instructs officials not to make " promises that property , ecology , or anything else will be restored to normal . "
Which is no doubt why its officials consistently favor folksy terms like " make it right . " )
If Katrina pulled back the curtain on racism , the BP disaster pulls back the curtain on something far more hidden : how little control even the most ingenious among us have over the awesome , intricately interconnected natural forces with which we so casually meddle .
BP can not plug the hole in the Earth that it made .
Obama cannot order brown pelicans not to go extinct ( no matter whose ass he kicks ) .
No amount of money — not BP ’s recently pledged $ 20 billion , not $ 100 billion — can replace a culture that has lost its roots .
And while our politicians and corporate leaders have yet to come to terms with these humbling truths , the people whose air , water and livelihoods have been contaminated are losing their illusions fast .
" Everything is dying , " a woman said as the town hall meeting was coming to a close .
" How can you honestly tell us that our gulf is resilient and will bounce back ?
Because not one of you up here has a hint as to what is going to happen to our gulf .
You sit up here with a straight face and act like you know , when you do n’t know . "
This Gulf Coast crisis is about many things — corruption , deregulation , the addiction to fossil fuels .
But underneath it all , it ’s about this : our culture ’s dangerous claim to have such complete understanding and command over nature that we can radically manipulate and re-engineer it with minimal risk to the natural systems that sustain us .
As the BP disaster has revealed , nature is never as predictable as the most sophisticated mathematical and geological models imagine .
During recent Congressional testimony , Hayward said , " The best minds and the deepest expertise are being brought to bear " on the crisis , and that " with the possible exception of the space program in the 1960s , it is difficult to imagine the gathering of a larger , more technically proficient team in one place in peacetime . "
And yet , in the face of what geologist Jill Schneiderman has described as " Pandora ’s well , " they are like the men at the front of that gymnasium : they act like they know , but they do n’t know .
BP ’s Mission Statement
In the arc of human history , the notion that nature is a machine for us to re-engineer at will is a relatively recent conceit .
In her groundbreaking 1980 book The Death of Nature , environmental historian Carolyn Merchant reminded readers that until the 1600s , the Earth was alive , usually taking the form of a mother .
Europeans — like indigenous people the world over — believed the planet to be a living organism , full of life - giving powers but also wrathful tempers .
There were , for this reason , strong taboos against actions that would deform and desecrate " the mother , " including mining .
The metaphor changed with the unlocking of some ( but by no means all ) of nature ’s mysteries during the Scientific Revolution of the 1600s .
With nature now cast as a machine , devoid of mystery or divinity , its component parts could be dammed , extracted and remade with impunity .
Nature still sometimes appeared as a woman , but one easily dominated and subdued .
In 1623 Sir Francis Bacon best encapsulated the new ethos when he wrote in De Dignitate et Augmentis Scientiarum that nature is to be " put in constraint , molded , and made as it were new by art and the hand of man . "
Those words may as well have been BP ’s corporate mission statement .
Boldly inhabiting what the company called " the energy frontier , " it dabbled in synthesizing methane - producing microbes and announced that " a new area of investigation " would be geo-engineering .
And it bragged that , at its Tiber prospect in the Gulf of Mexico , it had " the deepest well ever drilled by the oil and gas industry " — as deep under the ocean floor as jets fly overhead .
Imagining and preparing for what would happen if these experiments went wrong occupied precious little space in the corporate imagination .
As we have all discovered , after the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded , the company had no systems in place to respond effectively .
Explaining why it did not have even the ultimately unsuccessful containment dome waiting to be activated onshore , BP spokesman Steve Rinehart said , " I do n’t think anybody foresaw the circumstance that we ’re faced with now . "
Apparently , it " seemed inconceivable " that the blowout preventer would ever fail — so why prepare ?
This refusal to contemplate failure clearly came straight from the top .
A year ago Hayward told a group of graduate students at Stanford University that he has a plaque on his desk that reads , " If you knew you could not fail , what would you try ? "
Far from being a benign inspirational slogan , this is actually an accurate description of how BP and its competitors behave in the real world .
In recent hearings on Capitol Hill , Congressman Ed Markey of Massachusetts grilled representatives from the top oil and gas companies on the ways they had allocated resources .
Over three years , they had spent " $ 39 billion to explore for new oil and gas .
Yet the average investment in research and development for safety , accident prevention and spill response was a paltry $ 20 million a year . "
These priorities go a long way toward explaining why the " Initial Exploration Plan " BP submitted to the government for the ill - fated Deepwater Horizon well reads like a Greek tragedy about human hubris .
The phrase " little risk " appears five times .
Even if there is a spill , BP confidently predicts that , thanks to " proven equipment and technology , " adverse effects will be minimal .
Presenting nature as a predictable and agreeable junior partner ( or perhaps subcontractor ) , the report cheerfully explains that should a spill occur , " Currents and microbial degradation would remove the oil from the water column or dilute the constituents to background levels . "
The effects on fish , meanwhile , " would likely be sublethal " because of " the capability of adult fish and shellfish to avoid a spill [ and ] to metabolise hydrocarbons . "
( In BP ’s telling , rather than a dire threat , a spill emerges as an all - you - can - eat buffet for aquatic life . )
Best of all , should a major spill occur , there is apparently " little risk of contact or impact to the coastline " because of the company ’s projected speedy response (! ) and " the distance [ from the rig ] to shore " — about forty - eight miles .
This is the most astonishing claim of all .
In a gulf that often sees winds of more than forty miles an hour , not to mention hurricanes , BP had so little respect for the ocean ’s capacity to ebb and flow , surge and heave , that it did not think oil could make a paltry forty - eight - mile trip .
( In mid-June a shard of the exploded Deepwater Horizon showed up on a beach in Florida , 190 miles away . )
None of this sloppiness would have been possible , however , had BP not been making its predictions to a political class eager to believe that nature had indeed been mastered .
Some , like Republican Lisa Murkowski , were more eager than others .
The Alaska senator was so awe - struck by the industry ’s four - dimensional seismic imaging that she proclaimed deep - sea drilling to have reached the very height of controlled artificiality .
" It ’s better than Disneyland in terms of how you can take technologies and go after a resource that is thousands of years old and do so in an environmentally sound way , " she told the Senate Energy Committee just seven months ago .
Drilling without thinking has , of course , been Republican Party policy since May 2008 .
With gas prices soaring to unprecedented heights , conservative leader Newt Gingrich unveiled the slogan " Drill Here , Drill Now , Pay Less " — with an emphasis on the Now .
The wildly popular campaign was a cry against caution , against study , against measured action .
In Gingrich ’s telling , drilling at home wherever the oil and gas might be —locked in Rocky Mountain shale , in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge or deep offshore — was a surefire way to lower the price at the pump , create jobs and kick Arab ass all at once .
In the face of this triple win , caring about the environment was for sissies : as Senator Mitch McConnell put it , " In Alabama and Mississippi and Louisiana and Texas , they think oil rigs are pretty . "
By the time the infamous " Drill , Baby , Drill " Republican National Convention rolled around , the party base was in such a frenzy for US - made fossil fuels , they would have bored under the convention floor if someone had brought a big enough drill .
Obama eventually gave in , as he invariably does .
With cosmic bad timing , just three weeks before the Deepwater Horizon blew up , the president announced he would open up previously protected parts of the country to offshore drilling .
The practice was not as risky as he had thought , he explained .
" Oil rigs today generally do n’t cause spills .
They are technologically very advanced . "
That was n’t enough for Sarah Palin , who sneered at the Obama administration ’s plans to conduct more studies before drilling in some areas .
" My goodness , folks , these areas have been studied to death , " she told the Southern Republican Leadership Conference in New Orleans , just eleven days before the blowout .
" Let ’s drill , baby , drill , not stall , baby , stall ! "
And there was much rejoicing .
In his Congressional testimony , Hayward said , " We and the entire industry will learn from this terrible event . "
And one might well imagine that a catastrophe of this magnitude would indeed instill in BP executives and the " Drill Now " crowd a new sense of humility .
There are , however , no signs that this is the case .
The response to the disaster — corporate and governmental — has been rife with precisely the brand of arrogance and overly sunny predictions that created the disaster in the first place .
The ocean is big ; it can take it , we heard from Hayward in the early days , while spokesman John Curry insisted that hungry microbes would consume whatever oil was in the water system because " nature has a way of helping the situation . "
But nature has not been playing along .
The deep - sea gusher has busted out all of BP ’s top hats , containment domes and junk shots .
The ocean ’s winds and currents have made a mockery of the lightweight booms BP has laid out to absorb the oil .
" We told them , " says Byron Encalade , president of the Louisiana Oysters Association .
" The oil ’s gonna go over the booms or underneath the bottom . "
Indeed it did .
Marine biologist Rick Steiner , who has been following the cleanup closely , estimates that " 70 percent or 80 percent of the booms are doing absolutely nothing at all . "
And then there are the controversial chemical dispersants : more than 1.3 million gallons dumped with the company ’s trademark " What could go wrong ? " attitude .
As the angry residents at the Plaquemines Parish town hall pointed out , few tests had been conducted , and there is scant research about what this unprecedented amount of dispersed oil will do to marine life .
Nor is there a way to clean up the toxic mixture of oil and chemicals below the surface .
Yes , fast - multiplying microbes do devour underwater oil — but in the process they also absorb the water ’s oxygen , creating a new threat to marine life .
BP had even dared to imagine that it could prevent unflattering images of oil - covered beaches and birds from escaping the disaster zone .
When I was on the water with a TV crew , for instance , we were approached by another boat , whose captain asked , " Y’all work for BP ? "
When we said no , the response — in the open ocean — was , " You ca n’t be here then . "
But of course these heavy - handed tactics , like all the others , have failed .
There is simply too much oil in too many places .
" You cannot tell God ’s air where to flow and go , and you ca n’t tell water where to flow and go , " I was told by Debra Ramirez .
It was a lesson she had learned from living in Mossville , Louisiana , surrounded by fourteen emissions - spewing petrochemical plants , and watching illness spread from neighbor to neighbor .
Human limitation has been the one constant of this catastrophe .
After two months , we still have no idea how much oil is flowing or when it will stop .
The company ’s claim that it will complete relief wells by the end of August — repeated by Obama in his June 15 Oval Office address — is seen by many scientists as a bluff .
The procedure is risky and could fail , and there is a real possibility that the oil could continue to leak for years .
The flow of denial shows no sign of abating either .
Louisiana politicians indignantly oppose Obama ’s temporary freeze on deepwater drilling , accusing him of killing the one big industry left standing now that fishing and tourism are in crisis .
Palin mused on Facebook that " no human endeavor is ever without risk , " while Texas Republican Congressman John Culberson described the disaster as a " statistical anomaly . "
By far the most sociopathic reaction , however , comes from veteran Washington commentator Llewellyn King : rather than turning away from big engineering risks , we should pause in " wonder that we can build machines so remarkable that they can lift the lid off the underworld . "
Make the Bleeding Stop
Thankfully , many others are taking a different lesson from the disaster , standing not in wonder at humanity ’s power to reshape nature but at our powerlessness to cope with the fierce natural forces we unleash .
There is something else , too .
It is the feeling that the hole at the bottom of the ocean is more than an engineering accident or a broken machine .
It is a violent wound in a living organism ; it is part of us .
And thanks to BP ’s live camera feed , we can all watch the Earth ’s guts gush forth , in real time , twenty - four hours a day .
John Wathen , a conservationist with the Waterkeeper Alliance , was one of the few independent observers to fly over the spill in the early days of the disaster .
After filming the thick red streaks of oil that the Coast Guard politely refers to as " rainbow sheen , " he observed what many had felt : " The gulf seems to be bleeding . "
This imagery comes up again and again .
Monique Harden , an environmental rights lawyer in New Orleans , refuses to call the disaster an " oil spill " and instead says , " We are hemorrhaging . "
Others speak of the need to " make the bleeding stop . "
And I was personally struck , flying with the Coast Guard over the stretch of ocean where the Deepwater Horizon sank , that the swirling shapes the oil made in the ocean waves looked remarkably like cave drawings : a feathery lung gasping for air , eyes staring upward , a prehistoric bird .
Messages from the deep .
This is surely the most surprising twist in the Gulf Coast saga : it seems to be waking us up to the reality that the Earth never was a machine .
After 400 years of being declared dead , and in the middle of so much death , the Earth is coming alive .
Following the oil ’s progress through the ecosystem offers a kind of crash course in deep ecology .
Every day we learn more about how what seems to be a terrible problem in one part of the world radiates out in ways most of us could never have imagined .
One day we learn that the oil could reach Cuba — then Europe .
Next we hear that fishermen all the way up the Atlantic in Prince Edward Island , Canada , are worried because the bluefin tuna they catch are born thousands of miles away in those oil - stained gulf waters .
And we learn , too , that for birds , the Gulf Coast wetlands are the equivalent of a busy airport hub — everyone seems to have a stopover : 110 species of migratory songbirds and 75 percent of all migratory US waterfowl .
It ’s one thing to be told by an incomprehensible chaos theorist that a butterfly flapping its wings in Brazil can set off a tornado in Texas .
It ’s another to watch chaos theory unfold before your eyes .
Carolyn Merchant puts the lesson like this :
" The problem as BP has tragically and belatedly discovered is that nature as an active force cannot be so confined . "
Predictable outcomes are unusual within ecological systems , while " unpredictable , chaotic events [ are ] usual . "
Just in case we still did n’t get it , a bolt of lightning recently struck a BP ship like an exclamation point , forcing it to temporarily suspend its containment efforts .
And do n’t even mention what a hurricane will do to BP ’s toxic soup .
There is , it must be stressed , something perverse about this particular path to enlightenment .
They say that Americans learn where foreign countries are by bombing them .
Now it seems we are all learning about nature ’s circulatory systems by poisoning them .
In the late ’90s an isolated indigenous group in Colombia captured world headlines with an almost Avatar - esque conflict .
From their remote home in the Andean cloud forests , the U’wa let it be known that if Occidental Petroleum carried out plans to drill for oil on their territory , they would commit mass ritual suicide by jumping off a cliff .
Their elders explained that oil is part of ruiria , " the blood of Mother Earth . "
They believe that all life , including their own , flows from ruiria , so pulling out the oil would bring on their destruction .
( Oxy eventually withdrew from the region , saying there was n’t as much oil as it had previously thought . )
Virtually all indigenous cultures have myths about gods and spirits living in the natural world — in rocks , mountains , glaciers , forests — as did European culture before the Scientific Revolution .
Katja Neves , an anthropologist at Concordia University , points out that the practice serves a practical purpose .
Calling the Earth " sacred " is another way of expressing humility in the face of forces we do not fully comprehend .
When something is sacred , it demands that we proceed with caution .
Even awe .
If we are absorbing this lesson at long last , the implications could be profound .
Public support for increased offshore drilling is down 22 percent from the peak of the " Drill Now " frenzy .
The issue is not dead , however : it is only a matter of time before the Obama administration announces that , thanks to ingenious new technology and tough new regulations , it is perfectly safe to drill in the deep sea , even in the Arctic , where an under-ice cleanup would be infinitely more complex than the one under way in the gulf .
But perhaps this time we wo n’t be so easily reassured , so quick to gamble with the few remaining protected havens .
The same goes for geo-engineering .
As climate change negotiations wear on , we should be ready to hear more from Steven Koonin , Obama ’s under secretary of energy for science .
He is one of the leading proponents of the idea that climate change can be combated with techno tricks like releasing sulfate and aluminum particles into the atmosphere — and of course it ’s all perfectly safe , just like Disneyland !
He also happens to be BP ’s former chief scientist , the man who just fifteen months ago was overseeing the technology behind BP ’s supposedly safe charge into deepwater drilling .
Maybe this time we will opt not to let the good doctor experiment with the physics and chemistry of the Earth and choose instead to reduce our consumption and shift to renewable energies , which have the virtue that , when they fail , they fail small .
As comedian Bill Maher put it , " You know what happens when windmills collapse into the sea ?
A splash . "
The most positive possible outcome of this disaster would be not only an acceleration of renewable energy sources like wind but a full embrace of the precautionary principle of science .
The mirror opposite of Hayward ’s " If you knew you could not fail " credo , the precautionary principle holds that " when an activity raises threats of harm to the environment or human health " we tread carefully , as if failure were possible , even likely .
Perhaps we can even get Hayward a new desk plaque to contemplate as he signs compensation checks .
" You act like you know , but you do n’t know . "
Learn Linux , 101
Create and change hard and symbolic links
Use multiple names for the same file
Content series :
This content is part # of # in the series : Learn Linux , 101 Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
This content is part of the series : Learn Linux , 101 Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
Overview
In this article , learn to create and manage hard and symbolic links .
Learn to :
Create hard or soft links
Identify links and know their type
Understand the difference between copying and linking files
Use links for system administration tasks
This article helps you prepare for Objective 104.6 in Topic 104 of the Linux Professional Institute 's Junior Level Administration ( LPIC - 1 ) exam 101 .
The objective has a weight of 2 .
Prerequisites
About this series
This series of articles helps you learn Linux system administration tasks .
You can also use the material in these articles to prepare for Linux Professional Institute Certification level 1 ( LPIC - 1 ) exams .
See our developerWorks roadmap for LPIC - 1 for a description of and link to each article in this series .
The roadmap is in progress and reflects the latest ( April 2009 ) objectives for the LPIC - 1 exams : as we complete articles , we add them to the roadmap .
In the meantime , though , you can find earlier versions of similar material , supporting previous LPIC - 1 objectives prior to April 2009 , in our LPI certification exam prep tutorials .
To get the most from the articles in this series , you should have a basic knowledge of Linux and a working Linux system on which you can practice the commands covered in this article .
Sometimes different versions of a program will format output differently , so your results may not always look exactly like the listings and figures shown here .
In particular , much of the output we show is highly dependent on the packages that are already installed on our systems .
Your own output may be quite different , but you should be able to recognize the important commonalities .
Introducing links
Connect with Ian Ian is one of our most popular and prolific authors .
Browse all of Ian 's articles on developerWorks .
Check out Ian 's profile and connect with him , other authors , and fellow readers in My developerWorks .
On a storage device , a file or directory is contained in a collection of blocks .
Information about a file is contained in an inode , which records information such as the owner , when the file was last accessed , how large it is , whether it is a directory or not , and who can read from or write to it .
The inode number is also known as the file serial number and is unique within a particular filesystem .
A directory entry contains a name for a file or directory and a pointer to the inode where the information about the file or directory is stored .
A link is simply an additional directory entry for a file or directory , allowing two or more names for the same thing .
A hard link is a directory entry that points to an inode , while a soft link or symbolic link is a directory entry that points to an inode that provides the name of another directory entry .
The exact mechanism for storing the second name may depend on both the file system and the length of the name .
Symbolic links are also called symlinks .
You can create hard links only for files and not for directories .
The exception is the special directory entries in a directory for the directory itself and for its parent (. and .. ) , which are hard links that maintain the count of the number of subdirectories .
Because hard links point to an inode , and inodes are only unique within a particular file system , hard links cannot cross file systems .
If a file has multiple hard links , the file is deleted only when the last link pointing to the inode is deleted and the link count goes to 0 .
Soft links , or symlinks , merely point to another file or directory by name rather than by inode .
Soft links can cross file system boundaries .
Deleting a soft link does not delete the target file or directory , and deleting the target file or directory does not automatically remove any soft links .
Creating links
First let 's look at how to create hard and soft links .
Later in this article , we 'll look at ways to identify and use the links we create here .
Hard links
You use the ln command to create additional hard links to an existing file ( but not to a directory , even though the system sets up .
and .. as hard links ) .
Listing 1 shows how to create a directory containing two files and a subdirectory with two hard links to file1 , one in the same directory and one in the subdirectory .
We have added a word to file1 , and then another word to file3 and displayed the contents of the link in the subdirectory to show that all do indeed point to the same data .
Listing 1 . Creating hard links
ian@attic4 :~$ mkdir - p lpi104-6/subdir ian@attic4 :~$ touch lpi104-6/file1 ian@attic4 :~$ touch lpi104-6/file2 ian@attic4 :~$ ln lpi104-6/file1 lpi104-6/file3 ian@attic4 :~$ ln lpi104-6/file1 lpi104-6/subdir/file3sub ian@attic4 :~$ echo " something " > lpi104-6/file1 ian@attic4 :~$ echo " else " >> lpi104-6/file3 ian@attic4 :~$ cat lpi104-6/subdir/ file3sub something else
You will get an error if you attempt to create hard links that cross file systems or that are for directories .
Listing 2 shows that my home and research directories are on different file systems and that an attempt to create a hard link across these fails , as does an attempt to create a hard link to the lpi104 - 6 directory .
Listing 2 . Failures with hard link creation
ian@attic4 :~$ df .
research Filesystem 1K - blocks Used Available Use % Mounted on / dev/sda7 71205436 9355052 58233352 14 % / /dev/sdb3
137856204 27688208 103165264 22 % /home/ian/ian-research ian@attic4:~$ ln lpi104-6/file1 research / lpi104-6/file3 ln : creating hard link `research / lpi104-6/file3 ' => `lpi104-6/file1 ' :
No such file or dir ectory ian@attic4 : ~$ ln lpi104 - 6 lpidir104 - 6 ln : `lpi104 - 6 ' : hard link not allowed for directory
Soft links
You use the ln command with the -s option to create soft links .
Soft links use file or directory names , which may be relative or absolute .
If you are using relative names , you will usually want the current working directory to be the directory where you are creating the link ; otherwise , the link you create will be relative to another point in the file system .
Listing 3 shows you two ways to create a soft link for the file1 that we just created , and also how to create soft links instead of the two hard links that failed in Listing 2 .
Listing 3 . Creating soft links
ian@attic4 :~$ # Create symlink using absolute paths ian@attic4 : ~$ ln -s ~/lpi104-6/file1 ~/lpi104-6/file4 ian@attic4 :~$ # Create symlink using relative paths ian@attic4 : ~$ cd lpi104- 6 / ian@attic4:~/lpi104-6 $ ln -s file1 file5 ian@attic4:~/lpi104-6 $ cd .. ian@attic4 :~$ # Create symlink across file systems ian@attic4 : ~$ mkdir ~ian / research / lpi104-6 ian@attic4 :~$ ln -s ~/lpi104-6/file1 ~ian/research/lpi104-6/file4 ian@attic4:~$ # Create symlink for directory ian@attic4 : ~$ ln -s lpi104 - 6 lpidir104-6
As before , you can use any of the links or the target file name to reference the file or directory .
Listing 4 shows some examples .
Listing 4 .
Using soft links
ian@attic4 :~$ echo " another line " >>
~ian/research / lpi104-6/file ian@attic4 :~$ # cat a symlink ian@attic4 : ~$ cat lpi104- 6 / file5 something else another line ian@attic4 : ~$ # cat a hard link ian@attic4 : ~$ cat lpi104- 6 / file1 something else another line ian@attic4 : ~$ # display directory contents using symlink ian@attic4 : ~$ ls lpidir104 - 6 file1 file2 file3 file4 file5 subdir
While we 're creating links , let 's create a link using relative paths when our working directory is not the directory where we want the link .
We 'll look at what this does in the next section .
Listing 5 . Creating a bad soft link
ian@attic4 :~$ ln -s lpi104-6/file1 lpi104-6/file6
Identifying links
In the previous section , you saw how to create links , but not how to distinguish the links you created .
Let 's look at that now .
Finding information
On many systems today , the ls command is aliased to ls -- color=auto , which prints different types of file system objects in different colors .
The colors are configurable .
If you use this option , hard links might show up with a dark blue background , and symlinks with cyan text , as illustrated in Figure 1 .
Figure 1 .
Using the -- colors option of ls to identify links
While color might be convenient for sighted people who can distinguish them , they are not much use to others , and certainly not much use to shell scripts or programs .
Without color , you need more information , such as that provided by a long listing using ls -l .
In Listing 6 we explicitly disable color output , but you could also explicitly call the / bin / ls command .
Listing 6 . Identifying links
ian@attic4 :~$ ls -- color=none -lR lpi104-6 lpi104-6 : total 12 -rw-r--r-- 3 ian ian 28 2010-05-27 17:17 file1 -rw-r--r-- 1 ian ian 0 2010-05-26 14:11 file2 -rw-r--r-- 3 ian ian 28 2010-05-27 17:17 file3 lrwxrwxrwx 1 ian ian 24 2010-05-27 17:15 file4 -> /home/ian/lpi104-6/file1 lrwxrwxrwx 1 ian ian 5 2010-05-27 17:15 file5 -> file1 lrwxrwxrwx 1 ian ian 14 2010-05-27 17:37 file6 -> lpi104-6/file1 drwxr-xr-x 2 ian ian 4096 2010-05-26 14:11 subdir lpi104-6/subdir : total 4 -rw-r--r-- 3 ian ian 28 2010-05-27 17:17 file3sub ian@attic4 : ~$ / bin/ls -l ~ian / research / lpi104-6/file4 lrwxrwxrwx 1 ian ian 24 2010-05-25 11:51 /home/ian/research/lpi104-6/file4 -> /home/ian / lpi104-6/file1 ian@attic4:~$ / bin/ls -l lpidir104 - 6 lrwxrwxrwx 1 ian ian 8 2010-05-27 17:16 lpidir104-6 -> lpi104-6
The second column of output is a link count showing the number of hard links to this file , so we know that file1 , file3 , and file3sub all have multiple hard links pointing to the object they represent , although we do not yet have enough information to know they all represent the same object .
If you delete a file that has a link count greater than 1 , the link count in the inode is reduced by 1 , but the file is not deleted until the count goes to 0 .
All other hard links to the same file will show a link count that is now reduced by 1 .
In the first column of output , you see the first character is an 'l ' ( lower - case L ) for symbolic links .
You also see the target of the link displayed after the -> characters .
For example file4 -> /home/ian/lpi104-6/file1 .
Another tipoff is that the size is the number of characters in the link target 's name .
Note that the link counts in the directory listing are not updated for symbolic links .
Deleting the link does not affect the target file .
Symlinks do not prevent a file from being deleted ; if the target file is moved or deleted , then the symlink will be broken .
For this reason , many systems use colors in directory listings , often pale blue for a good link and red for a broken one .
You can use the - i option of the ls command to display inode numbers for file and directory entries .
Listing 7 shows both short and long output for our lpi104 - 6 directory .
Listing 7 . Displaying inode information
ian@attic4 :~$ ls - i lpi104-6 1680103 file1 1680103 file3 1680107 file5 1680101 subdir 1680104 file2 1680108 file4 1680110 file6 ian@attic4 :~$ ls - il lpi104 - 6 total 12 1680103 - rw-r--r-- 3 ian ian 28 2010-05-27 17:17 file1 1680104 -rw-r--r-- 1 ian ian 0 2010-05-26 14:11 file2 1680103 -rw-r--r-- 3 ian ian 28 2010-05-27 17:17 file3 1680108 lrwxrwxrwx 1 ian ian 24 2010-05-27 17:15 file4 ->
/home/ian/lpi104-6/file1 1680107 lrwxrwxrwx 1 ian ian 5 2010-05-27 17:15 file5 -> file1 1680110 lrwxrwxrwx 1 ian ian 14 2010-05-27 17:37 file6 -> lpi104-6/file1 1680101 drwxr-xr-x 2 ian ian 4096 2010-05-26 14:11 subdir
You can also use the find command to search for symbolic links using the - type l find expression as shown in Listing 8 .
Listing 8 .
Using find to locate symlinks
ian@attic4 :~$ find lpi104 - 6 research / lpi104-6 - type l lpi104-6/ file6 lpi104-6/file5 lpi104-6/file4 research/lpi104-6/file4
Broken symlinks
In Listing 5 , we claimed to create a bad soft link .
This is one example of a broken symlink .
Since hard links always point to an inode that represents a file , they are always valid .
However , symlinks can be broken for many reasons , including :
Either the original file or the target of the link did not exist when the link was created ( as in Listing 5 ) .
The target of a link is deleted or renamed .
Some element in the path to the target is removed or renamed .
None of these conditions raises an error , so you need to think carefully about what might happen to your symlinks as you create them .
In particular , your choice of absolute or relative paths is likely to be influenced by what you expect to happen to the objects you are linking over the life of the link .
If you are using colored output , broken symlinks are likely to show up as red text on a black background , as is the case for file6 in Figure 1 .
Otherwise , you will need to use either the - H or - L options of ls to dereference the link and give you information about the target .
The - H option dereferences links on the command line and the - L option dereferences those plus links that are part of the display .
Listing 9 illustrates the difference in the output from these two options .
Listing 9 .
Dereferencing links with ls - H and ls - L
ian@attic4 : ~$ / bin/ls -lH lpidir104 - 6 total 12 - rw-r--r-- 3 ian ian 28 2010-05-27 17:17 file1 -rw-r--r-- 1 ian ian 0 2010-05-26 14:11 file2 -rw-r--r-- 3 ian ian 28 2010-05-27 17:17 file3 lrwxrwxrwx 1 ian ian 24 2010-05-27 17:15 file4 -> /home/ian/lpi104-6/file1 lrwxrwxrwx 1 ian ian 5 2010-05-27 17:15 file5 -> file1 lrwxrwxrwx 1 ian ian 14 2010-05-27 17:37 file6 -> lpi104-6/file1 drwxr-xr-x 2 ian ian 4096 2010-05-26 14:11 subdir ian@attic4 : ~$ / bin/ls -lL lpidir104-6 / bin/ls : cannot access lpidir104- 6 / file6 : No such file or directory total 20 - rw - r--r-- 3 ian ian 28 2010-05-27 17:17 file1 -rw-r--r-- 1 ian ian 0 2010-05-26 14:11 file2 -rw-r--r-- 3 ian ian 28 2010-05-27 17:17 file3 -rw-r--r-- 3 ian ian 28 2010-05-27 17:17 file4 -rw-r--r-- 3 ian ian 28 2010-05-27 17:17 file5 l ????????? ? ? ? ? ? file6 drwxr - xr-x 2 ian ian 4096 2010-05-26 14:11 subdir
Note the error message indicating that file6 does not exist and also the output for it with all the ' ? ' characters , again indicating that the file is not found .
One final point on our broken symbolic link .
Attempts to read the file will fail as it does not exist .
However , attempts to write it will work if you have the appropriate permission on the target file , as shown in Listing 10 .
Note that we need to create the lpi104 - 6 / lpi104 - 6 before we can write the file .
Listing 10 .
Reading from and writing to a broken symlink
ian@attic4 :~$ cat lpi104-6/file6 cat : lpi104-6/file6 : No such file or directory ian@attic4 : ~$ echo " Testing file6 " > lpi104-6/file6 bash : lpi104-6/file6 :
No such file or directory ian@attic4 : ~$ mkdir lpi104-6/lpi104-6 ian@attic4 :~$ cat lpi104-6/file6 cat : lpi104-6/file6 : No such file or directory ian@attic4 : ~$ echo " Testing file6 " > lpi104-6/file6 ian@attic4 :~$ cat lpi104-6/file6 Testing file6 ian@attic4 :~$ ls lpi104-6/lpi104-6 file1
Who links to me ?
To find which files are hard links to a particular inode , you can use the find command and the - samefile option with a filename or the - inum option with an inode number , as shown in Listing 11 .
Listing 11 .
Finding hard links to the same file
ian@attic4 :~$ find lpi104- 6 - samefile lpi104-6/file1 lpi104-6/subdir/file3sub lpi104-6/file3 lpi104-6/file1 ian@attic4 :~$ ls - i lpi104-6/file1 1680103 lpi104-6/file1 ian@attic4 :~$ find lpi104-6 - inum 1680103 lpi104-6/subdir/file3sub lpi104-6/file3 lpi104-6/file1
To find which files link symbolically to a particular file , you can use the find command and the - lname option with a filename , as illustrated in Listing 12 .
Links may use a relative or absolute path , so you probably want a leading asterisk in the name to find all matches .
Listing 12 .
Finding symbolic links to a file or directory
ian@attic4 :~$ find lpi104 - 6 research / lpi104-6 - lname " * file1 " lpi104-6/file6 lpi104-6/file5 lpi104-6/file4 research/lpi104-6/file4
Copying versus linking
Depending on what you want to accomplish , sometimes you will use links and sometimes it may be better to make a copy of a file .
The major difference is that links provide multiple names for a single file , while a copy creates two sets of identical data under two different names .
You would certainly use copies for backup and also for test purposes where you want to try out a new program without putting your operational data at risk .
You use links when you need an alias for a file ( or directory ) , possibly to provide a more convenient or shorter path .
In the next section , we 'll look at some other uses for links .
As you have seen , when you update a file , all the links to it see the update , which is not the case if you copy a file .
You have also seen that symbolic links can be broken but that subsequent write operations may create a new file .
Use links with care .
Links and system administration
Links , especially symbolic links , are frequently used in Linux system administration .
Commands are often aliased so the user does not have to know a version number for the current command , but can access other versions by longer names if necessary .
As shown in Listing 13 , the gcc command is a symlink and there are three different names for it on my system .
Listing 13 .
Aliasing commands to a particular version
ian@attic4 : ~$ which gcc /usr / bin/gcc ian@attic4 :~$ ls -l /usr / bin/gcc lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 7 2009-12-28 23:17 /usr/bin/gcc -> gcc-4.4 ian@attic4 :~$ find /usr / bin - lname " * gcc - 4.4 " /usr/bin/x86_64-linux-gnu-gcc-4.4 /usr/bin/gcc /usr/bin/x86_64-linux-gnu-gcc
Other uses come into play when multiple command names use the same underlying code , such as the various commands for stopping and for restarting a system .
Sometimes , a new command name , such as genisofs , will replace an older command name , but the old name ( mkisofs ) is kept as a link to the new command .
And the alternatives facility uses links extensively so you can choose which among several alternatives to use for a command such as java .
Listing 14 shows some examples .
Listing 14 .
Command alias examples
ian@attic4 :~$ find / sbin - lname " initctl " /sbin/restart /sbin/start /sbin/stop /sbin/status /sbin/reload ian@attic4 :~$ ls -l $ ( which mkisofs ) lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 11 2009-12-28 23:17 /usr/bin/mkisofs -> genisoimage ian@attic4 :~$ ls -l $ ( which java ) lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 22 2010-01- 17 15:16 /usr/bin/java ->
/etc/alternatives/java
Library names are also managed extensively using symlinks , either to allow programs to link to a general name while getting the current version , or to manage systems such as 64 - bit systems that are capable of running 32 - bit programs .
Some examples are shown in Listing 15 .
Notice that some use absolute paths , while some use relative paths .
Listing 15 .
Library links
ian@attic4 :~$ ls -l /usr/lib/libm.so lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 14 2010-05-27 11:23 /usr/lib/libm.so -> /lib/libm.so.6 ian@attic4 :~$ find /usr / lib / - lname " * libstdc + + * "
/usr/lib/gcc/x86_64-linux-gnu/4.4/libstdc++.so
/usr/lib/libstdc++.so.6 ian@attic4 :~$ ls -l /usr/lib/gcc/x86_64-linux-gnu/4.4/libstdc++.so lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 23 2010-01-19 08:49 /usr/lib/gcc/x86_64-linux-gnu/4.4/libstdc++.s
o -> ../../../libstdc++.so.6
For more information about linking , consult the man pages for ln and the other commands you have seen in this article .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
Après huit ans de procédure , la cour de cassation a donné finalement raison à Hamé , rappeur du groupe La Rumeur , contre l’ex - Ministre de l ’Intérieur , Nicolas Sarkozy .
« Le vent a tourné , ça valait le coup d’être endurant , jubile l’avocat du rappeur , Dominique Tricaud .
Pour la première fois , les plus hauts magistrats de ce pays viennent de reconnaître qu’il n’est pas diffamatoire de dire que " les rapports du ministère de l ’Intérieur ne feront jamais état des centaines de nos frères abattus par les forces l’ordre sans que les assassins ne soient inquiétés " . »
Son client , Mohamed Boroukba , dit Hamé , est moins enthousiaste :
« Tout ça pour ça ?
Cinq procès , huit ans de procédure … pour me dire que j’avais le droit d’écrire ce que j’ai écrit . »
C’est que l’affaire , somme toute banale d’un rappeur poursuivi pour diffamation envers la police nationale , avait pris une tournure politique .
Elle se situait sur un autre cadre juridique , celui de la liberté de la presse , et pour la première fois dans une affaire de presse , l’Etat s’était pourvu une deuxième fois en cassation pour dénoncer la deuxième relaxe de la cour d’appel de Versailles .
En juillet 2002 , c’est le ministre de l ’Intérieur de l’époque , Nicolas Sarkozy , qui porte plainte pour « diffamation , atteinte à l’honneur et la considération de la police nationale » contre Hamé non pas pour une chanson mais pour un article publié dans un fanzine qui accompagne la sortie de leur album L’ombre sur la mesure .
Passages non diffamatoires
Dans ce texte , L’insécurité sous la plume d’un barbare , écrit pendant la campagne présidentielle 2002 , Hamé démontre que les jeunes de banlieue plutôt qu’acteurs de l’insécurité en sont surtout les victimes .
Le fanzine tiré à peine 10.000 exemplaires n’a pas fait long feu , puisqu’il était retiré des présentoirs lors des concerts deux mois après sa parution .
Depuis huit ans , ce sont surtout les magistrats qui se sont penchés sur ce texte , dans les tribunaux de grande instance , les cours d’appel de Paris et de Versailles , la Cour de cassation …
À chaque relaxe , le Parquet faisait appel , jusqu’à un deuxième passage en cassation .
Finalement lors de l’audience du 11 juin , l’avocat général a demandé le rejet du pourvoi en cassation , stipulant que cet article participe au débat d’idées , que la Cour européenne rappelle que dans une société démocratique , on a le droit d’avoir des jugements sévères sur les institutions .
Les trois passages incriminés de L’insécurité sous la plume d’un barbare ne peuvent être considérés comme diffamatoire car les faits retranscris ne sont pas assez précis et déterminés .
A défaut , il ne s’agit que d’une injure ou d’une opinion .
Il souligne que l’emploi du terme « assassin » est certes injurieux , mais il ne peut être condamné car le ministère de l ’Intérieur n’a pas poursuivi pour ce délit mais pour diffamation .
Après le jugement , Hamé s’est félicité dans un communiqué de l’indépendance de la justice .
Ce jugement intervient alors qu’à Pontoise , cinq habitants de Villiers - le - Bel sont jugés aux assises pour « tentatives d’homicides volontaires sur des fonctionnaires de police » pendant les émeutes qui ont touché leur ville les 25 et 26 novembre 2007 .
A lire aussi , « Tous coupables » , un portrait du groupe La Rumeur
et un article détaillé de 2008 sur l'affaire : « La Rumeur vit avec la justice aux trousses pour quelques mots » .
Economic reality is proving stronger than the policies supposed to override it W hen the economic history of Europe in the last third of the 20th century comes to be written , one of its most important threads will tell of the long series of battles in which governments fought against economic realities in order to satisfy the wishes and pander to the illusions of electoral majorities .
The period is one where government spending expanded relentlessly from under 40 to over 50 per cent of gross national product in the largest countries of Continental Europe .
( Last year , it reached 53.6 per cent in France , provoking solemn promises by the powers - that - be that this time they will really start controlling spending and bring it down to 51 per cent by 2010 ) .
Piece by intricate piece , the machinery of the welfare state was put together .
An ever more elaborate system of ‘ workers ’ rights ’ was promoted until the labour code grew to several thousand pages — a happy hunting ground for labour lawyers , a minefield for enterprises .
Trade union power came to be based , not on workers recognising that union membership may serve their interests , but on legislation , government sponsorship and the patronage afforded by the immense administrative machinery of the various social insurance schemes .
The forward march of politics across the domain of economics was widely accepted as justified , mainly for two reasons .
One , expressed in such mantras as ‘ Man matters more than the market ’ or ‘ In democracy , it is ballots that decide , not dollars ’ was based on the delusion that markets and dollars have one will , man another and the two pull in opposite directions .
The other reason for welcoming the invasion of government into the economy was , and remains , the conviction that redistribution of income through taxation and targeted expenditure is an act of ‘ social justice ’ , a good deed and a moral duty .
They do not talk back
The future historian of these apparent triumphs over economic reality will very likely single out two phenomena that loomed more and more ominously and in fact began to signal that no matter how the battles went , the war was beginning to be lost .
One was the growing severity of job protection policies that made firing employees so difficult and expensive that employers were frightened away from hiring them in the first place .
New job creation fell to levels last seen in the Great Depression , for offering employment except on short - term contracts has become an act of reckless audacity .
( One small but significant breach in job protection came just the other day when the highest French court of appeal ruled that terminating employees may be permitted not only when the enterprise is making losses threatening its survival , but also when terminating employees is necessary to prevent such losses ) .
The other ominous phenomenon was that the high level of unemployment , which would have seemed abnormal a decade ago , has come to be seen as a fact of life .
It has resisted the multitude of attempted therapies governments of both Right and Left tried to apply to it .
The diminishing band of diehard defenders of the ‘ European social model ’ still mutter that unemployment is high because the model is not ‘ social ’ enough , or not European enough , and all will be well when it is made more social and more ‘ harmoniously ’ European .
Meanwhile , it is starting to be noticed that chronically high unemployment has almost wholly drained away the bargaining power of labour in the private sector .
Union militancy is now confined to the public sector — essentially , to public transport workers , teachers and government clerks .
Thirty - odd years of socialist economic policies have reduced the mythical , red flag waving ‘ working class ’ to passive impotence .
An anecdote bears eloquent witness to how workers ‘ benefiting ’ from the ‘ special model ’ now stand compared to those who are exposed to the ‘ caprice of the market ’ .
Two years ago Toyota set up a car assembly plant in the industrially derelict region of Northeast France .
More recently , the president of Toyota visited the plant , expressed his satisfaction and explained that the company has chosen to locate in France rather than in England ( which was the runner - up candidate location ) because ‘ English workers can afford to talk back , but French workers cannot ’ .
In fact , under the ‘ European social model ’ real bargaining has practically ceased .
Labour addresses its demands not to the employer , but to the government that may or may not be able to bully the employer into making concessions .
Increasingly , the latter is unable to achieve much in the face of the risk that capital and operations will be moved out to Central and Eastern Europe , Asia or Mexico .
In actual fact , the volume of such movements is fairly modest , but their public echo is deafening and works havoc in politics and the labour movement .
Discreetly , back to basics
In current labour union language , bargaining hardly exists .
In its place have come ‘ meaningful negotiation ’ in which the employer meets union demands , and ‘ blackmail ’ in which the employer obtains concessions .
Over the past year , there have been a number of high - profile cases of ‘ blackmail ’ by European , chiefly German , flagship companies including Siemens , Opel , Bosch , Conti Gumi and Volkswagen , usually involving the lengthening of the work week and in some cases lower pay for new recruits , in exchange for commitments by the employer not to reduce the labour force or limiting the reduction to a minimum , as well as undertakings not to move production abroad .
These cases obviously had a bad press and made much political noise .
Unions agreed to them under protest , stressing that the cases were exceptional , involved a small fraction of wage - earners , while for the vast majority industry - wide collective contracts remained in force .
In the meantime , there was a mostly unreported groundswell of “ blackmail ” agreements between small and medium enterprises and their employees that departed from the official industry contracts .
They involved longer hours , more flexible working arrangements , wage freezes or lower pay increases than the industry norm .
They were concluded between the enterprise and the works council whose members were labour union officials who forbore from wearing their union hats .
According to some estimates by industry associations , between 50 and 70 per cent of enterprises with less than 500 employees have concluded such agreements .
Their cardinal feature was a promise of maximum discretion , so as to let labour organisations lose as little face as possible .
Apparently , there was little opposition by the wage - earners themselves .
Manifestly , there is more understanding and acceptance of realities in Germany than in France and Italy where labour and the parties of the Left still seem to believe that the basic facts of life can be made to go away if you call them “ unacceptable ” loud enough .
In 2000 , German labour costs were about 25 per cent higher than French ones .
By last year , the gap has practically disappeared .
German forward economic indicators have been perking up since last spring , and unemployment has started to fall significantly even before the ‘ Merkel effect ’ has come into play .
It will be interesting to watch how the other ‘ core ’ countries of the euro - zone will position themselves over the next year or two .
Will they go on winning the policy battles and lose the war , or will they permit a gradual and discreet return back to basics ?
Enlarge By Carlos Barria , Reuters Women drink wine during the Wine and Food Festival in Miami Beach .
FOLLOW @USATODAYHEALTH
FOLLOW @USATODAYHEALTH
A major French study links moderate drinking to a lower risk for cardiovascular disease but challenges the notion that moderate drinking gets the credit .
Instead , the researchers say , people who drink moderately tend to have a higher social status , exercise more , suffer less depression and enjoy superior health overall compared to heavy drinkers and lifetime abstainers .
" A causal relationship between cardiovascular risk and moderate drinking is not at all established " by the study , which looked at the health status and drinking habits of 149,773 French adults , said Dr. Boris Hansel , an endocrinologist at the Hopital de la Pitie in Paris who specializes in cardiovascular prevention .
He is the lead author of a report on the study in the European Journal of Clinical Nutrition .
Men and women who reported their alcohol intake as low or moderate did have a more favorable health status than those who said they never drank and those who reported high alcohol intake .
Men who drank moderately were more likely to have a lower body - mass index , lower fasting triglycerides and blood glucose , lower blood pressure , and other factors associated with a lower risk of heart disease , while their female counterparts had smaller waists , lower blood pressure , lower fasting triglycerides , and lower " bad " LDL cholesterol levels .
And the study found a " strong and constant " link between moderate drinking in both sexes and high levels of HDL cholesterol , the " good " kind that helps keep arteries clear of fat .
WEIGHT : Women who drink moderately less likely to gain SOCIAL DRINKING : Alcohol intake of friends , family impact your habits
But data on the overall lifestyle of people in the study indicate that " there is no link between the increased level of HDL cholesterol and reduced cardiovascular risk , " Hansel noted .
" The relationship between moderate drinking and lower cardiovascular risk is due to confounding factors , " he said .
" That is because moderate drinking is in large part a matter of higher social status .
Social status , a lower level of depression and a higher level of physical activity probably explains the relationship between alcohol and lower cardiovascular risk . "
The study is the most recent in a long series that have found lower rates of heart disease , stroke and other cardiovascular problems in moderate drinkers , as compared to teetotalers and heavy drinkers .
Hansel 's analysis of the newly reported study , however , challenges the conventional interpretation that moderate drinking is good for the heart .
The American Heart Association 's cautious recommendation is that " if you drink , do so in moderation . "
That means no more than two drinks a day for a man , one drink a day for a woman , with a drink defined as 12 ounces of beer , 4 ounces of wine or 1 ounce of 100 - proof spirits .
Two U.S. experts disagreed on the interpretations of the French study .
The study does not prove that alcohol itself provides no benefit , said Dr. Arthur Klatsky , a senior consultant in cardiology at the Kaiser Permanente Health program in Oakland " This is yet another study which shows that moderate drinkers have a better health profile , " Klatsky said .
" We do n't have randomized controlled trials , so that always leaves open the possibility that cofounders might be responsible for the cardiovascular benefits . "
The health benefits of high HDL cholesterol levels are clearly established , and explain about half the benefits seen in other studies , Klatsky said .
Those studies have consistently shown a cardiovascular benefit for moderate drinking in a number of different population groups , he said .
" That is a fairly compelling case that I do n't think is destroyed by this kind of evidence , " Klatsky said .
Indeed , the French researchers only note that a causal link has not been proven .
" Our results cannot eliminate the cardioprotective effects of alcohol , " they wrote in their conclusion .
But Carla A. Green , a senior investigator at the Kaiser Permanente Center for Health Research in Portland , Ore. , said , " There is increasing evidence that a lot of the health benefits that have been attributed to alcohol consumption are due to healthy habits that also include moderate alcohol consumption . "
There might be some beneficial effect of alcohol itself , but " based on research to date , it has a much smaller effect than has been thought in the past , " Green said .
She cited a recent study she led on alcohol consumption , health status and use of health services .
" Heavy drinkers appear to avoid going to doctors , " Green said .
" The reasons include shame and not wanting to be lectured .
So heavy drinkers are not going to get the health care they need and will get sicker . "
But neither Green and Klatsky saw a need to change existing recommendations on moderate alcohol consumption .
" I see no reason to change the general recommendations about what is sensible drinking , " Klatsky said .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Guillermo del Toro 's perfect job directing The Hobbit ?
Not so perfect , as it turns out .
In fact , he 's quit the gig .
" In light of ongoing delays in the setting of a start date for filming The Hobbit , I am faced with the hardest decision of my life , " del Toro said in a statement on The OneRing .
net .
" After nearly two years of living , breathing and designing a world as rich as Tolkien 's Middle - earth , I must , with great regret , take leave from helming these wonderful pictures .
" While the filmmaker did note he will continue to co-write the screenplays ( the J.R.R Tolkien novel is to be adapted into two feature films ) with Peter Jackson , Fran Walsh , and Philippa Boyens , any chance of him returning to the project after rights co-owner MGM / UA finds itself a buyer ( the studio put itself up for sale back in November 2009 ) is all but dead .
" I wish the production nothing but the very best of luck and I will be first in line to see the finished product , " added del Toro .
" I remain an ally to it and its makers , present and future , and fully support a smooth transition to a new director .
" Wow .
We 'll update this story as soon as we have more details .
Behind every image there is a visual story with a lot of details and humorous message .
This funny set of images is made by creative Argentinian photographer who call himself “ Marker ” and you can see how Star Wars toys are going through recession .
Dietro ogni immagine vi è un racconto visivo con un sacco di dettagli e un messaggio ironico .
In questa serie di immagini fatte dal creativo fotografo argentino “ Marker ” si può vedere come Star Wars stiano attraversando la recessione .
> thesecretlifeoftoys.com
> thesecretlifeoftoys.com
Duke Nukem Forever Lawsuits Settled
" The above action , including any and all claims that were or could have been asserted by the parties , is dismissed with prejudice in accordance with the terms of the Settlement Agreement executed by the parties on May 14 , 2010 , " reads the filing made May 28 .
With the legal drama out of the way , the road to the long - awaited release of Duke Nukem Forever is apparently clear of legal hurdles -- the game just needs to be finished .
Take - Two , the publisher of the notoriously long - in - development shooter , initially sued 3D Realms / Apogee Ltd. after the studio let its development staff go , which Take - Two took to indicate the cancellation of Duke Nukem Forever .
3D Realms fired back with a counter - suit of its own , revealing that the game was still in development .
" Dismissed with prejudice " means that neither can file another suit on the same claim .
Details on the " Settlement Agreement " were not available , though the U.S. Trademark Office indicates that 3D Realms / Apogee Ltd. still owns the Duke Nukem property .
Over the weekend , Germany 's federal commissioner for data protection and freedom of information , Peter Schaar , asked Google to let an independent regulator examine one of the hard drives to determine how much data had actually been collected on individuals .
In a blog posting written late Saturday on his official government Web site , Mr. Schaar , who is also a member of the panel that advises the European Commission on privacy and data protection issues , questioned whether Google 's collection of the data was a simple oversight , as the company has maintained .
‘‘ So everything was a simple oversight , a software error ! ''
Mr. Schaar wrote .
‘‘ The data was collected and stored against the will of the project 's managers and other managers at Google .
If we follow this logic further , this means :
The software was installed and used without being properly tested beforehand .
Billions of bits of data were mistakenly collected , without anyone in Google noticing it , including Google 's own internal data protection managers , who two weeks ago were defending to us the company 's internal data protection practices . ''
“ I think this is going to damage the company irreparably , ” said Simon Davies , the director of Privacy International , a London - based group of privacy advocates from 40 countries .
“ Three years ago the company was wearing a halo .
But over the past year it has moved substantially in the direction of being perceived as Big Brother . ”
Kay Oberbeck , a Google spokesman in Hamburg , said the company was in contact with data protection officials in Germany and in the rest of Europe to address their concerns .
He disputed the notion that Google was recklessly collecting private information , saying the company ’s services were meant to let users control what information is made public .
“ This was obviously a mistake , and we are profoundly sorry , ” Mr. Oberbeck said .
“ We take individual privacy very seriously at Google .
There was a breakdown in the communication between teams and within teams , and we are investigating this and want to take up the lessons we learn from this to improve our processes and to have instruments installed which are really robust to make this never happen again . ”
Google was collecting the data on locations of wireless networks to improve geolocation for mobile devices .
Some cellphones can determine their location by scanning for nearby wireless networks and comparing that information to databases like the one Google has compiled .
Former prime minister Kevin Rudd will stay on the Labor backbench until after the next election after his successor Julia Gillard passed him over in her Cabinet reshuffle today .
Ms Gillard has unveiled a Cabinet with minimal changes from that which was helmed by Mr Rudd until the Labor leadership coup last week .
She said she would be " absolutely delighted " to have Mr Rudd in a senior frontbench role - but only if Labor wins the next election .
" What I have said to Kevin Rudd is I would be absolutely delighted to see him serve as a senior Cabinet minister in the team if the Government is re-elected , " she said .
Acknowledging that Mr Rudd was going through a hard time after his swift and spectacular ousting last week , she said she hoped he would be able to spend more time with his family .
" It is best to have as limited a reshuffle as possible to keep the maximum stability amongst the team , " she added .
" The premium I 've put is on stability . "
In a statement issued after Ms Gillard 's reshuffle announcement Mr Rudd said he respects her decision .
" Ultimately , decisions on Cabinet appointments are a matter for the Prime Minister , " he said .
" For the immediate future , my family and I have decided to take a break .
Following that , I will be working in my own electorate of Griffith and in any other way deemed appropriate to support the re-election of the Government . "
Ms Gillard has allocated her former responsibilities of Education , Workplace Relations and Social Inclusion to Simon Crean .
Stephen Smith will stay on as Foreign Minister and take over Mr Crean 's Trade portfolio .
There had been speculation that Mr Rudd would be handed Mr Smith 's portfolio .
Mr Crean said he looked forward to serving as the Government gears up to fight the election .
" We take nothing for granted .
The task ahead is a hard one , " he said .
Mr Crean previously served as an education minister under Paul Keating and led the party for two years in Opposition .
Ms Gillard had been criticised for taking on too many portfolios and she has brushed aside questions that she should have split the load .
" I did n't think it would be a problem for Simon to perform this work and that 's why I 've invited him to do it , " she said .
Lindsay Tanner , who is retiring at the next election , will keep serving in the Finance portfolio until he retires .
There have been no changes to the positions held by the key factional powerbrokers behind Ms Gillard 's elevation , Mark Arbib and Bill Shorten .
Despite the poll bounce Ms Gillard has received in recent days she said the election will be a tough fight .
" I am not making any assumptions about what will happen on election day , " she said .
And she has reiterated her desire to move away from her predecessor 's centralised approach .
" I 've said one of my hallmarks of prime minister is I intend to take a consultative approach , " she said .
Opposition spokesman for workplace relations Eric Abetz says small business should be worried about Mr Crean 's move to the portfolio .
" The appointment of Simon Crean , the former President of the ACTU , clearly is an indication of the direction the Labor Party will take , " he said .
Opposition Leader Tony Abbott has dismissed the Cabinet changes .
" It 's the same people with the same policies producing the same problems for our country , " he said .
" Any significant change was going to upset the factions and the last thing she can afford to do is upset the factions who put her there . "
Indonesia is home to 10 per cent of the world 's remaining tropical rainforests , but officials estimate 10 million hectares have been lost to illegal logging .
Last month the Indonesian government announced a massive crackdown on illegal logging as part of a $ 1 billion deal with Norway to stop deforestation .
But with an estimated 40 to 55 per cent of Indonesia 's timber illegally harvested , thousands of people are dependent on this industry for their income .
So a group in northern Sumatra is taking an innovative approach and retraining former illegal loggers to work as elephant keepers .
The Tangkahan elephant project is on the edge of the Gunung Leuser National Park , about 100 kilometres from Medan in northern Sumatra .
The project is mixing conservation with eco-tourism .
Foreign tourists who visit the site help wash elephants or can go on a four day patrol with the elephants to monitor the state of the forest and check for any illegal activity .
There are less than 3,000 Sumatran elephants left in the wild .
Whadi Azmi , the flora and fauna international manager for the Sumatran Elephant Program , says the biggest threat to the elephant is the loss of habitat .
" Many wild populations still remain but there 's no more habitat because it 's being converted into various agricultural land uses , for example palm oil on a big scale , " he said .
The other big threat is what is known as human - elephant conflict .
Elephants are mostly seen by the locals as a pest and a threat , particularly when they destroy farm plots or devour palm oil seeds .
Some wild elephants are poisoned and others are captured and put into camps .
The seven elephants at the Tangkahan site have been rescued from these camps and are now used to generate an income as a tourist attraction .
Eco-tourism
Zoos Victoria is one of the international partners of the elephant conservation project in Tangkahan .
Zoos Victoria 's conservation partnerships manager , Chris Banks , says eco-tourism is a good alternative to previous activities like illegal logging .
" And it 's absolutely better for the elephants , it provides a far better quality of life than in the camps , they get stimulus , activity and better food and health , " he said .
One of the elephant keepers - or Mahouts as they are called in Indonesia - is 30 - year - old Rutkita Sembiring .
He first began illegally harvesting timber from the nearby forest when he was 19 .
Rutkita Sembiring says unlike large - scale illegal logging operations they only had a small team of eight people .
" We had to select the best log , predict the price , we preferred the logs closest to the river so it 's easier to bring to the city to sell them , " he said .
He says the threat of law enforcement and a growing concern for the forest helped change his mind about logging .
But when he switched jobs to look after elephants in 2002 he took a big pay cut .
He used to earn a $ 1,000 a month , now he is down to $ 130 a month .
" We got a lot of money but it was easy come , easy go and we do n't feel as happy as we do working with the elephants and protecting the forest , " he said .
In 2007 the United Nations Environmental Program estimated that 73 to 88 per cent of timber logged in Indonesia was illegally sourced .
Law enforcement has had some impact and that figure has dropped .
But a recent report by a environment groups in the United Sates , such as the BlueGreen Alliance and the Rainforest Action Network , estimate that about half of Indonesia 's timber is still illegally sourced .
But Rutkita Sembiring says that for conservation efforts to succeed in Indonesia , the community has to be involved in the process .
" This is my homeland , I saw the future of keeping the forest safe but if the project did not involve the local community , it does n't matter how much money you have or how many rangers you recruit to protect the forest it wo n't be a success , " he said .
The Tangkahan elephant project will also have to show that besides generating an income from foreign tourists , the forest and elephants are being protected .
Zoos Victoria is currently reviewing its funding program while the Indonesian partners write up a new five year plan .
Jennifer Macey travelled to Indonesia as part of the Asia - Pacific Journalism Centre 's Understanding Near Neighbours fellowship .
Hold Different
Given the confusion over the “ right ” way to hold a new iPhone 4G without signal degradation , I felt compelled to create the handy guide you see above .
Maybe this method will tide new iPhone 4G owners until the inevitable iOS 4.0.1 update .
Enjoy today ’s comic ?
Why not Digg , Reddit or Stumble it ?
Your support is much appreciated !
– Krishna
P.S .
Help me raise enough funds to go to Intervention and the UP !
Fair !
Based on my calculations , all I need to sell are 44 more books between now and July 17th to have enough funds to travel to both shows !
As always , thanks for your support !
Booth babes .
Models .
Hired tits .
Whatever you want to call them , we all know what they are used for one thing .
To get you and your loins to look at the booth that they are in .
At this year ’s E3 , I wanted to see which booth babe (s ) knew a little bit of video game and geek trivia .
The following are the questions that I asked them :
What is the name of Mario ’s brother ?
Who / What is PAC - MAN ?
Name the first 3 Nintendo Consoles
Name the character that shoot fireballs out of their hands and says “ HADOKEN ? ”
What is the Konami code for Contra ?
Who is Han Solo ’s co-pilot ?
In Halo , what is the name of the main character you play as ?
Not too hard right ?
Especially if you truly know your games .
View the videos of these so called “ Gamer Girls ” past the break .
This is part of 3 posts .
Part 1 | Part 2 | Part 3
First up was the booth babe from Sony Online Entertainment ’s booth named Antonia .
[ blip.tv ?posts_id=3798651&dest=-1 ]
Right across from the SOE booth was Ann , from the Capcom booth , promoting 1942 for your iPhone .
[ blip.tv ?posts_id=3798662&dest=-1 ]
Down by the South Hall entrance were these two hotties with GameCrush.com shirts .
Do n’t remember what GameCrush.com is ?
Check out this post .
If you do n’t want to check out that post , then here is a TL ; DR version :
Pay to play video games against or with hot girls .
Now that I got that out of the way , listen to the girls that you could be playing with on that site answer some basic video game trivia .
[ blip.tv ?posts_id=3799022&dest=-1 ]
Yup — not just a particular government official , but Jefferson Parish itself is claiming that some anonymous commenters are spreading lies about the Parish ( the Louisiana equivalent of a county ) that damage the reputation of the Parish .
It ’s not clear to me from the story exactly what the comments about the co-plaintiff , Steve Theriot ( Interim President of the Parish ) , said , and whether they would reasonably be understood as making false statements of fact or just expressing derogatory opinions .
But the one thing that is clear , from the landmark New York Times Co. v. Sullivan decision , is that “ prosecutions for libel on government ” ( which in context clearly refers to civil lawsuits for libel as well ) have no “ place in the American system of jurisprudence . ”
Seems to me like an anti-SLAPP special motion to strike should easily prevail , at least against the Parish , and thus require the Parish to pay the defendants ’ costs and attorney fees .
Thanks to Charles Stiegler for the pointer .
A number of Swedish Retailers have priced Microsoft ’s upcoming motion controller , Natal at a whopping KR 1,400 which in USD works out to about $ 200 .
Even GAME.se , one of the major online retailers in Sweden , is pricing Natal at KR 1,499 .
In spite of the fact that early listing of products are always priced higher than the actual retail price and electronic products retail for a bit higher in Sweden as compared to the US , the prediction is much higher than what analysts were expecting which was closer to the $ 80 - $ 100 mark .
So what so you think would be a reasonable price for “ Natal ” which Microsoft is basically touting to be their next generation console ?
Just keep in mind that Microsoft ’s wireless adapter for the Xbox 360 still costs about $ 100 .
Source
Anthony Weiner ( left ) issues a report slamming Fox News pundit and radio host Glenn Beck and Goldline 's use of fear mongering tactics to market gold .
| Composite image by POLITICO Weiner targets Beck and gold retailer
Talk show host Glenn Beck and Goldline International , a California - based gold retailer , have colluded to use fear mongering tactics to bilk investors , according to a stinging report issued Tuesday by Rep. Anthony Weiner ( D - N.Y . ) .
The report alleges that Goldline grossly overcharges for the gold coins that constitute the bulk of its business , uses misleading sales techniques and takes advantage of fears about President Barack Obama ’s stewardship of the economy – which are stoked by its stable of paid conservative endorsers including Beck , Mark Levin , Laura Ingraham and Fred Thompson – “ to cheat consumers . ”
Advertisement
Goldline is the exclusive gold sponsor of Beck ’s radio show .
But , as POLITICO detailed in December , a number of gold selling companies pay other conservative commentators as sponsors and also advertise on a variety of conservative talk radio shows , as well as Fox News , which airs Beck ’s television program .
“ Goldline rips off consumers , uses misleading and possibly illegal sales tactics , and deliberately manipulates public fears of an impending government takeover – this is a trifecta of terrible business practices , ” said Weiner .
He said a December report in POLITICO report prompted his scrutiny of Goldline .
“ This industry goes beyond Goldline , but the Goldline circle has been particularly cynical in its cultivation of these conservative commentators , ” he said .
“ There are two industries that are intertwined here in this cynical play : the media industry and the online gold industry , and there is a lot of blame to go around . ”
As for Beck , Weiner asserted he “ should be ashamed of himself . ”
A member of the House Subcommittee on Commerce , Trade and Consumer Protection , Weiner said he plans this week to introduce legislation to require Goldline and other precious metal retailers to fully disclose all their fees , how much the price of gold would need to rise in order for their customers ’ investments to yield a profit , and the purchase price , melt value and resale value of the metal that constitutes their products .
And he called on the Securities and Exchange Commission , as well as the Federal Trade Commission to investigate “ the shady business practices conducted by Goldline International . ”
Goldline president and CEO Mark Albarian said Weiner is targeting the company because of its relationship with Beck , the popular conservative radio and television talk show host who has drawn rebukes from the White House for his scathing attacks on Obama .
“ It feels like it ’s politically motivated in that neither the Congressman nor anybody from his office ever contacted executives form the company to really ask the important questions that they need to ask to understand this business , ” said Albarian , adding Weiner “ does n’t get ” the gold retail business .
The congressman ’s report , Albarian asserted , seems driven by “ our relationship with Glenn Beck , which we are very happy with . ”
On his radio show Tuesday Beck teed off on Weiner , pointing out that his newly hired press secretary until recently worked at Media Matters , a liberal media watchdog that Beck has attacked in the past for its repeated criticisms of his ethics and integrity , including over his gold sponsorships .
On Tuesday , Beck accused Weiner of leveling a politically motivated attack on Beck and Goldline at the behest of the Obama administration .
“ This is incredible .
This is incredible , ” he said .
“ This is again another arm of this administration coming out to try to shut me down , ” he alleged , calling Weiner and the Obama administration “ monsters ” and the report a return to the “ McCarthy era . ”
Levin , a rival radio host , in an email to POLITICO blasted Weiner as “ a grandstanding leftist ” and said of his report “ there 's nothing here but Weiner 's self - serving assertions . ”
According to the report , Weiner ’s office compared the prices of 18 gold coins ( half of which were collectible , half of which are still circulating ) offered on Goldline ’s website with their “ melt value ” – an assessment based on weight , purity and the price of gold – and found the average Goldline mark - up was 90 percent above the melt value of the coin .
Additionally , the report asserts “ Those same 18 coins could be found much cheaper on similar precious coin seller ’s websites . ”
Plus , it alleges that Goldline ’s salespeople misrepresent themselves as “ investment advisers ” or “ financial advisers ” – “ implying that they have some sort of fiduciary responsibility to get you the most return on your investment . ”
Instead , the report contends they “ aggressively push the sale of numismatic coins ( collector ) over bullion ( pure gold ) because the company has the largest profit margin on them and the sales representatives make the largest commission . ”
And through its commercials and salespeople , Goldline makes the case for collectible gold coins over more reliable bullion by suggesting that the Obama administration could repeat President Franklin Delano Roosevelt ’s 1933 gold call - up , which required citizens to turn over gold bullion and other forms of the metal , but exempted “ gold coins having a recognized special value to collectors of rare and unusual coins . "
The report points out that Roosevelt ’s executive order – which Goldline features on its website -- did not define “ special value ” or “ collector value . ”
Nonetheless , the report contends that Goldline and other retailers with assistance from conservative talkers “ perpetuate this myth because it makes the selling of high - priced numismatic coins easier . ”
Conservative talkers whose shows are sponsored by Goldline push the idea “ that government is out of control and unsafe , inflation will continue to devalue the dollar and that as an investor you should protect yourself by stock piling gold coins , ” the report contends .
Beck , who has taken to comparing the state of the U.S. economy to that of modern day Zimbabwe or pre-Hitler Germany , has been urging his devotees to invest in gold , and bragging about his own gold investments , since at least 2008 .
Last year , for instance , he used one of his trademark blackboard illustrations to provide tips for weathering “ the three scenarios that we could be facing : recession , depression or collapse . ”
In the case of a recession , he said “ you need to have something left .
Get out of debt and save . ”
Beck urged viewers to add “ fruit cellars … like our grandparents used to have ” in the case of depression , and in the case of a total collapse of the economic system , he recommended what he called “ the three system .
It ’s God , gold and guns . ”
At times , the dire forecasts about imminent economic collapse offered by Beck and other conservative talkers during their shows are echoed by grave intonations in gold commercials , some of which also feature the very same commentators .
Weiner said “ people shill for products that are problematic all the time .
What ’s different here is that so much of the commentary bleeds into the advertising . ”
And he asserted “ it certainly does appear that the zealotry of these conservative commentators is because they ’re being paid to advertise . ”
But Weiner , a liberal who represents New York City , brushed off allegations that his report was politically motivated .
“ My message is directed at consumers , telling them to beware that the things that Goldline and Glenn Beck are selling are essentially rip - offs , ” he said , adding “ if these were all liberal commentators who were promoting a company that has a 200 - percent mark - up on its gold , I would like to think that I would be just as hard on them . ”
Other gold retailers that have used conservative commentators to hawk their product include Swiss America ( which has boasted as pitchmen 1950s pop star - cum - Christian conservative personality Pat Boone and firebrand talk show host Michael Savage ) and Rosland Capital ( which has featured endorsements from G. Gordon Liddy and Fox News personalities Bill O’Reilly , Brian Kilmeade and Andrew Napolitano , among others ) .
Albarian said “ there are a number of sellers like Goldline , although we think we ’re the biggest , but you see their ads everywhere , and nobody else was mentioned ” in Weiner ’s report .
“ Why is Goldline the only company mentioned , when we believe that in many ways we have best practices within the business , ” said Albarian .
He conceded “ we do benefit from fears about the economy , ” but he asserted his company is set apart from its competitors by its A + rating from the Better Business Bureau , its compliance department and its written account agreements and refund privileges for new clients .
“ All of our competitors ca n’t say that , ” he said , adding that Goldline also advertises on CNN and on the Internet , and previously had an endorsement deal with the late Jay Johnson , who served as a Democratic member of Congress and was appointed director of the U.S. Mint by President Bill Clinton .
“ We ’re not a political company , ” Albarian asserted , adding that if Johnson were still alive “ we never would have stopped with Jay .
Jay would have been our spokesperson , who was a Democrat .
He had a passion for gold .
We pick people based on their passion , not their politics . ”
As for Beck , Albarian said “ before we met Glenn , he was a client and we interviewed him about his passion for gold .
He really believes in gold and , if anybody knows anything about Glenn , he just says what he believes . ”
But Michael Smerconish , a Philadelphia - based talk show host who leans slightly right asserted Goldline canceled its advertisements on his syndicated show after about one year because he was n’t conservative enough .
“ I think their business depends on a very conservative brand of talk radio and mine is n’t , ” Smerconish told POLITICO .
The devastating Somali civil war since 1991 forced the Somali marine and fisheries sector to an abrupt collapse and almost all Somali fisheries activities shut down .
The vessels of the Somali national fishing fleet were abducted and have never been returned .
It is estimated that at least 200,000 people lost their jobs and the Somali fishing communities are still struggling to recover .
However , illegal fishing by foreign fleets and the more serious nuclear and toxic waste dumping from the industrialised world pose since then an environmental , socio-economic and ecological threat , which is unparalleled .
Very sophisticated factory - style fishing - vessels , which were designed for distant - water fishing and travel from faraway countries , whose harbours are thousands of miles away from Somalia and whose own fisheries resources are either under tight legal protection or already drastically overexploited , poured into the unprotected Somali waters .
They are in search of high - priced tuna , mackerel , swordfish , grouper , emperor , snapper , shark and of course the other valuable species in the Indian Ocean and the Gulf of Aden .
With impunity they rob rock - lobster and shrimps for the tables of the wealthiest in this world , and dolphins , sea turtles and sea-cucumbers for the deranged tastes of the Far East .
They have diminished the extraordinary population of dugong to near extinction .
Their task is solely oriented toward short - term gains , knowing the ecological limits , since Somalia does not only experience political but also resource displacement .
Besides civil strife and outright war , the massive foreign fishing piracy , bringing criminal poaching and wanton destruction of the Somali marine resources for the last 19 years , may be one of the most damaging factors for the country , economically , environmentally and security - wise .
While biased UN resolutions , big power orders and news reports continue to condemn the hijackings of merchant ships by Somali pirates in the Indian Ocean and the Gulf of Aden , pirate fishing was and is ignored .
Why are the UN resolutions , NATO orders and EU decrees to invade the Somali seas persistently failing to include the protection of the Somali marine resources from IUU violations in the same waters ?
If a response to both piracy menaces would be balanced and fair , these condemnations would have been justified .
But though the European Union ( EU ) , Russia , Japan , India , Egypt and Yemen and others are all in on the anti-piracy campaign , they are only concentrating on the safety of merchant ships ; at the same time , they cover up and protect their own illegal fishing activities .
Not only is this outrageous fishing piracy disregarded , but the illegal foreign marine poachers are being encouraged to continue their loot , as none of the current resolutions , orders and decrees refer to the blatant IUU fishing , which now continues unabated along the Somali coasts .
THE IUU MENACE AND FISH LAUNDERING PRACTICE
IUU ( Illegal , unreported and unregulated ) fishing is a serious global problem ; it does not respect national boundaries or sovereignty , it puts unsustainable pressure on stocks , marine life and habitats ; it undermines labour standards and distorts markets .
According to Mr Mohammed Waldo , a Somali specialist working with ECOTERRA International , IUU fishing is detrimental to the wider marine ecosystem because it flouts rules designed to protect the marine environment , which includes restrictions to harvest juveniles , closes spawning grounds and demands gear modification designed to minimise by - catch of non-target species .
This negligence , he says , has impacted on the country in several ways – the given outright theft of an invaluable protein source from some of the world ’s poorest people and the ruining of the livelihoods of almost all legitimate fishermen ; incursions by trawlers into the inshore areas reserved for artisanal fishing ; risk of collision with local fishing boats ; destruction of fishing gear and deaths of fishermen .
It is estimated that the worldwide value of IUU catches stands at US $ 4 to $ 9 billion , with a large part of it from sub -Sahara Africa , particularly Somalia ; IUU activities practice fish - catch laundering through mother - ship factories , uncontrolled transshipment and re-supply at sea .
With these means allowing vessels to remain at sea for months , refuelling , re-supplying and rotating their crew , IUU fishing vessels never need to enter ports because they transfer their catches onto transport ships .
Illegally caught fish and other marine products are laundered by mixing the loot with legally caught fish on board of the transport vessels .
Fish - catch laundering , which generates hundreds of millions dollars in the black market , is no less criminal than money laundering , but is not yet punished .
Sea ports used for Somali fish laundering includes harbours in the Seychelles , Mauritius , Kenya ( Kiunga , Mombasa ) and the Maldives .
As the EU closed much of its fishing grounds for five to 15 years to allow for fish regeneration , as Asia overfished its seas , as the international demand for nutritious marine products increased and as the fears of a worldwide food shortage grew , the rich , uncontrolled and unprotected Somali seas became the target of the illegal fishing fleets of many nations .
Surveys by UN , Russian and Spanish assessors just before the collapse of the President Barre regime in 1991 estimated that at least 200,000 tons of fish per year could be harvested sustainably by both artisanal and industrial fisheries , but this has now become the looting target of the international fishing racket .
Australian scientists put this figure to at least 300,000 tons .
THE ORIGIN OF SOMALI SEA PIRACY
Mr Waldo , who keeps a close watch of his country , traces the origin of sea piracy and pirate fishing in Somalia back to 1991 when the Siad Barre regime fell , resulting into the disintegration of the Somali navy and coastguard services .
‘ Following severe draughts in 1973 / 74 and 1986 , tens of thousands of nomads , whose livestock were wiped out by the draughts , were re-settled along the villages on the long , 3,300 km Somali coast , ’ says the analyst .
The resettled groups were developed into large fishing communities whose livelihoods depended mainly on inshore fishing , as well as the processing of the offshore catch .
From the early beginnings of the civil war in Somalia ( as early as 1988 ) illegal fishing trawlers started to trespass and fish in Somali waters , including in the 12 - nautical mile inshore artisanal fishing waters .
The poaching vessels encroached on the local fishermen ’s grounds , competing for the abundant rock - lobster and high value pelagic fish in the warm , up - swelling 60 km deep shelf along the tip of the Horn of Africa .
ECOTERRA
International and Waldo describe the deadly events that were to follow in the war torn country thus :
‘ The piracy war between local fishermen and the IUU ventures started here .
Local fishermen documented cases of trawlers pouring boiling water on the fishermen in canoes , their nets cut or destroyed , smaller boats crushed , killing all the occupants , and other abuses suffered as they tried to protect their national fishing turf . ’
ECOTERRA
International has many well documented cases that fishing nets provided by the emergency funds from the international community to ease the disaster of 1992 / 3 were wiped from the coast by foreign trawlers just days after they were provided to the impoverished fishing communities of Somalia .
Later , the fishermen armed themselves .
In response , many of the foreign fishing vessels armed themselves too and with more sophisticated weapons and began to overpower the Somali fishermen again .
It was only a matter of time before the local fishermen reviewed their tactics and modernised their hardware .
This escalation and cycle of warfare has been going on from 1991 to the present .
It is now developing into fully a fledged , two - pronged illegal fishing and sea piracy conflicts , which in addition soon will become politicised and radicalised if nothing stops the foreign impact .
According to the High Seas Task Force ( HSTF ) , there were over 800 IUU fishing vessels in Somali waters at one time in 2005 , taking advantage of Somalia ’s inability to police and control its own waters and fishing grounds .
The fish - poachers , which are estimated take out more than US $ 450 million in fish value from Somalia annually , neither compensate the local fishermen nor pay taxes and royalties and they do not respect any management , conservation and environmental regulations – norms associated with regulated fishing .
It is believed that the IUU fish - catch by vessels linked to the EU alone takes out of the country more than five times its aid to Somalia .
Illegal foreign fishing trawlers which have been fishing in Somalia since 1991 are mostly owned by EU and Asian fishing companies – Italy , France , Spain , Greece , Russia , Britain , Ukraine , Japan , South Korea , Taiwan , India – as well as Yemen , Egypt and Kenya among others .
Illegal vessels captured at the Somali coast by Somali vigilant groups during the years from 1991 to 2009 included Taiwanese trawlers Yue Fa No. 3 and Chian Yuein No. 232 , FV Shuen Kuo No. 11 ; FV Airone , FV De Giosa Giuseppe and FV Antonietta Madre – three Italian vessels registered in Italy ; FV Bahari Hindi – Kenyan - registered but owned and managed by Marship Co. of Mombasa . , Russian - owned Gorizont - 1 and Gorizont - 2 , Chinese - owned Tianyu No. 8 and Korean - owned Dong Wong 168 , Korean - owned FV Beira 3 , FV Beira 7 and FV Maputo 9 , Greek owned GRECO 1 and GRECO 2 , Spanish fishing boats Alakrana and Playa de Bakio , Taiwanese fishing boat Win Far 161 , Egyptian fishing boats Ahmed Samar and Momtaz - 1 among many others .
A number of Italian - registered SHIFCO vessels , Korean and Ukrainian trawlers , Indian , Egyptian and Yemeni boats were also captured by the said vigilant groups and fines of different levels paid for their release by their criminal owners .
Many Spanish seiners , frequent violators of the Somali fishing grounds , managed to evade capture at various times .
The Basque fishing fleet is specifically cunning and now well armed .
At least 19 Kenya trawlers have been illegally fishing along the Somali territorial waters , contrary to the UNCLOS ( United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea ) and the FAO ( Food and Agriculture Organization ) instruments .
Waldo , the Somali analyst , says that following the collapse of Somali government in 1991 , arrangements with Somali warlords and mafia - like companies were formed abroad for bogus fishing licensing purposes .
He points out that jointly owned mafia - like Somali- European companies set up in Europe and Arabia worked closely with Somali warlords who issued fake fishing ‘ licenses ’ to virtually any foreign fishing pirate willing to plunder the Somali marine resources .
The UK and Italy - based African and Middle East Trading Co. ( AFMET ) , PALMERA and UAE - based SAMICO companies are singled out as some of the most corrupt groups , issuing counterfeit licenses as well as fronting for the warlords who shared the loot .
Waldo avers that among technical advisors to the Mafia - like companies – AFMET , PALMIRA & SAMICO – were supposedly reputable firms like MacAllister Elliot & Partners of the UK , while warlords General Mohamed Farah Aidiid , General Mohamed Hersi Morgan , Osman Atto and ex-President Ali Mahdi Mohamed , who officially and in writing gave authority to AFMET to issue fishing ‘ licenses ’ .
Local fishermen and marine experts simply call this a ‘ deal between thieves ’ .
The analyst submits that AFMET alone ‘ licensed ’ 43 seiners ( mostly Spanish ) at US $ 30,000 per 4 - month season .
Spanish Pesca Nova was ‘ licensed ’ by AFMET while French Cobracaf group got theirs from SAMICO at a much discounted rate of US $ 15,000 per season per vessel .
In October 1999 the Puntland Administration gave carte blanche to yet another Mafia group known as PIDC , registered in Oman , to fish , issue licenses and to police the Puntland coast .
‘ PIDC in turn contracted the UK based Hart Group International and together they pillaged the Somali fishing grounds with vengeance , making over US $ 20 million profit within two years , ’ Waldo discloses .
The deal was to split the profits but PIDC failed to share the spoils with the people behind the Puntland administration , resulting in a revocation of their licenses .
Fisheries experts say that tuna catches in the South - Western Indian Ocean fell by as much as 30 per cent last year as pirates blocked access to some of the world 's richest tuna waters off Somalia .
Reports indicate that , the Somali pirates threaten the tuna fishing industry , which is worth up to US $ 6 billion across the Indian Ocean region .
France and Spain , which both base fleets in the Seychelles , expected to haul nearly two - thirds of the year 's catch off Somalia between August and November 2008 .
About 50 trawlers use Victoria port , through which up to 350,000 tonnes of tuna are handled each year .
But catches have suffered for two consecutive years as stocks fall .
Seychellois fisheries experts say foreign currency earnings have fallen as a result of the dwindling tuna catch , hurting hopes for an economic recovery in the debt - laden archipelago .
In the Seychelles , tuna and related industries – the re-export of fuel to vessels , port services , electricity and water for vessels – account for up to 40 per cent of the foreign exchange earned .
The financial implications for the Seychelles are hard to assess , as the tuna fishing industry is shrouded in secrecy .
The Seychelles is paid per tonne of fish landed for port facilities – an important source of foreign exchange for the archipelago .
Reduced catches mean fewer calls to port .
From August to November , the waters of Somalia ’s Exclusive Economic Zone ( 200 nautical miles ( nm ) EEZ ) and beyond hold some of the planet 's richest stocks of yellowfin tuna .
5
In 2006 there were hundreds of illegal fishing boats in Somali waters at any one time , mainly chasing tuna .
Somali pirates turned to hijacking to stop the foreign fishing vessels destroying their marine resources as well as their small boats and equipment .
In 2008 Somali pirates attacked tuna boats at least three times , leading to one ransom of over US $ 1 million .
The fines and ransoms earned then simply increased the appetite of criminal Somali groups for hunting other ships .
The notorious sea piracy of merchant ships is unlikely to be resolved without simultaneously attending to the fraudulent IUU fishing .
PIRACY INCIDENTS 2008/2009
As 2009 drew to close , it was clear that there is no end to Somali piracy and there is no end to the solutions being proposed .
The total number of piracy attacks in the Gulf of Aden and the East coast of Somalia in 2009 overtook the figure for all of 2008 , according to statistics from the IMB Piracy Reporting Centre .
In 2008 there were 111 incidents , compared with 114 attempted attacks in 2009 ; of these attacks , there have been 42 successful hijackings in 2009 compared with the 142 vessels hijacked 2008 .
However , 2009 saw a surge in activity off the east coast of Somalia , with 43 attacks by December 2009 compared to 19 in the whole of 2008 .
There was also an increase in the number of vessels fired at in these regions , from 39 instances in 2008 , to 54 cases by December .
In addition , the number of crew - members taken hostage is set to rise if the trend continues .
In 2008 a total of 815 crew members were held captive , while the total number of hostages taken in these regions during 2009 already stands at 753 .
A total of 32 vessels were hijacked by Somali pirates in the first nine months of 2009 , with 533 crew members taken hostage .
A further 86 vessels were fired upon and as of 1 December 2009 , 14 vessels with over 275 crew held hostage , were still under negotiation .
Nigeria remains another area of high concern .
While only 20 attacks were officially reported to IMB in 2009 , information received from other sources indicates that at least 50 per cent of attacks on vessels , mostly related to the oil industry , have gone unreported .
A list of recent piracy incidents and negotations appears at the foot of this article .
SEAFARERS ’ WELFARE
When acts of piracy occur , the public attention is mainly focused on the heinous manner of the attackers and on the question of how the hijack will be resolved .
The ship owners on their part are mostly concerned with the means of rescuing the crew , the vessel and the cargo .
Therefore the concern and the anxiety of many abruptly ends the moment the vessel is successfully rescued or simply released .
But we forget that the end of hijack ordeal is to crew members the start of traumatic nightmares that they may live with for the rest of their lives .
The question is :
Are the world , the shipping industry and the welfare lobbies giving enough attention to the plight of seafarers who happen to fall into the hands of pirates ?
Sadly NO !
The following are some of the challenges facing such crew :
(a) The after effects of attacks on the mariners
( b) The frequent abandonment of many of the hostages and the ships by the ship owners
( c) The neglecting of the affected seafarers by some ship operators and flag states in terms of wages and benefits .
All stakeholders should seriously reflect on these issues as well as the psychological needs of these unfortunate seafarers .
For instance there is no logic at all for denying the seafarers their entire pay and benefits for period they remained captive .
I would also expect that the seafarers ’ families should be briefed and provided for whenever a pirate attack or hostage taking occurs .
The seafarers and families members need constant assurance about ongoing efforts being made to have them released while in the meantime their families should be given financial support .
The seafarers should have a long - term medical care long after surviving a pirate attack ; traumatic events like being held hostage affect different people in different ways .
Some conditions resulting from a pirate attack may manifest significantly later , hence provisions should exist to address these situations .
It is worrying to see that there is very little data on what happens to seafarers after they have endured a pirate attack .
Some of them definitely continue working ; others might opt out of the profession following the ordeal , while others might take a break for some time to recover .
The fact that there is no data on survivors of pirate attacks is a clear pointer to a lack of concern for them ; this scenario should change .
There have been several studies that have looked into effects of traumatic events on police , fire - fighters , military persons , and others , yet little literature exists on the psychological effects of the hostage - taking of the seafarers and specifically on the aspects of piracy .
In the light of this , there is a great need for players in the industry and welfare groups with means to carry out a clinical study of the psychological impact of pirate attacks on seafarers .
The study should take into account the unique nature of seafaring including its multicultural nature .
The results of such a study will help determine how best to care for seafarers who have survived a pirate attack .
Truly the International Maritime Organization and the industry ’s guidelines exist for preventing and suppressing pirates .
But the same lack guidelines for caring for seafarers who have survived a pirate attack , other than guidance for debriefing seafarers for military or prosecutorial purposes .
Some shipping companies have provided an extensive array of studies and care for their crews following a piracy incident , which is very encouraging .
Lessons from such shipping companies on the care of the crew can greatly assist in the process of preparing harmonised international guidelines .
HAZARDOUS WASTE DUMPING
Another major problem closely connected with the IUU fishing is industrial , toxic and nuclear waste dumping in both offshore and onshore areas of Somalia .
Somali fishermen in various regions of the country have for a very long time complained to the international community about waste dumping and other ecological disasters .
These crises of waste dumping , warlords / mafia deals and the loud complaints of the Somali fishing community and civil society have been known to UN agencies and international organisations all along since the late 1980s , when Mustafa Tolba , then UNEP director general , helped ecologists not to be targeted by the dumping mafia , by not revealing the sources of thorough investigations of cases , where murder was implicit .
The UN agencies and organisations , which have been fully aware of these crises , often expressed concern and lamentations , but – except for Mustafa Tolba – never took any positive action against these criminal activities .
Waldo feels that the UN agencies apparently failed to inform the UN Security Council of this tragedy before it passed its resolutions 1816,1815,1814,1846 and 1838 and 1851 on sea piracy in the years up to 2008 .
It must be noted that there is no mention of the illegal fishing piracy , hazardous waste dumping or the plight of the Somali fishermen in any of these UN Security Council resolutions .
The threat of toxic waste dumping , pirate fishing by foreign vessels and over - fishing of Somali stocks could adversely , and perhaps permanently , affect the ecosystem of the entire region .
Due to non-policing of Somali waters , many foreign vessels indiscriminately pollute by dumping hazardous waste in the waters of the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean .
European nations have been dumping toxic waste and radio- active medical waste into offshore Somali waters now for several years .
Those identified as perpetrators include an Italian firm ( Progresso ) and a Swiss firm ( Achair Partners ) but there are many others and numerous unidentified cases .
These cases were ‘ justified ’ by the United Nations Environmental Program ( UNEP ) recently , by saying that these firms had supposedly entered into contracts with Somali government officials to dump into the Somali waters , but it is obvious that no Somali can negotiate a hazardous waste disposal contract within the country ’s sovereign borders in the midst of war and instability .
Achair Partners and Progresso were set up specifically as fictitious companies by larger industrial firms to dispose of hazardous waste .
These are violations of international treaties in the export of hazardous waste to another country , in particular like Somalia .
Reports indicate that every month a number of local people die or suffer from the effects of such dumping within the coastal communities .
For instance , at Eel - Dheer district of Galgadud region in central Somalia , dark blue long barrels were washed ashore in April 1992 , which turned out to Be filled with an oily liquid .
When samples were taken from them and investigated , the analysis indicated that they contained deadly nuclear waste .
Similar incidents happened at Adale district in 1996 .
In 1998 , a massive fish die - off was recorded , affecting all fish species , which were washed ashore in large quantities along the coastline from Mogadishu to Warsheekh – a coastal stretch of 45 km .
Fish and humans dying are all consequences of the hazardous waste dumping in Somali waters .
All over the world , countries have policies to deal with such events , but in Somalia – the country with the longest coastline of any African nation – it is unfortunate that there is no basic strategy to deal with these matters .
Somalia currently has no provision to deal with potential oil spills or other marine disasters and has no capability to monitor and control her coastal waters and , if necessary , provide sea search or rescue operations .
Somalia is recognised as one of the five richest fishing zones of the world and previously unexploited .
It is now being ravaged and poisoned , unchecked by any authority , and if it continues to be fished at the level it is at present , fish stocks are in danger of being depleted .
Secondly , the Somali people are being denied any income from this resource due to their inability to properly license and police the zone and the UN as well as the naval armada is turning a blind eye to the activities of illegal foreign fishing vessels whose operators are criminals from their home countries .
In any other circumstance the persecution and punishment of the illegal dumpers and poachers would be enforced by the international courts of law – but Somalia is left to be a free for all and to die .
Justice and fairness have been overlooked in these twin problems of pirate fishing and sea piracy .
It is likewise disturbing to hear that President Issaia Afeworki of Eritrea and President Berlusconi of Italy secretly passed an agreement in 2005 so that Italy could dump 136 tonnes of nuclear waste in Eritrea in exchange for US $ 12 million .
It is reported that the extremely dangerous material was dumped in Edage and Twalet in Massawa region .
It is also disheartening to realise that even Iran has dumped 680 tonnes of wastes in Eritrea , in exchange for oil and money .
CONCLUSION AND RECOMMENDATIONS
The EU , NATO , Chinese , Russian and US Navies can , of course , annihilate and obliterate the fishermen - turned - pirates and their supporting coastal communities – but that would be an illegal , criminal act .
Though it may temporarily reduce the intensity of the sea piracy , it would not result in a long - term solution for the problem .
The risk of loss of life of foreign crews and the impact of a major oil spill would be a ecological catastrophe of gigantic proportions for the whole coastal regions of East Africa and the Gulf of Aden .
In their current operations , the Somali fishermen pirates genuinely believe that they are protecting their fishing grounds ( both 200 - mile territorial and EEZ waters ) .
They also feel that they are exacting justice and compensation for the marine resources stolen and the destroyed ecosystem by the IUUs .
And their thinking is shared and fully supported by the coastal communities , whose protectors and providers they became .
The matter needs careful review and better understanding of the local environment .
The piracy is based on local problems and it requires a number of comprehensive joint local and external partner ’s approaches .
Firstly , the practical and lasting solution lies in jointly addressing the twin problems of the sea piracy and the pirate fishing , the root cause of the crisis .
Secondly , the national institutional crisis should be reviewed along with the piracy issues .
Thirdly , local institutions should be involved and supported , particularly by helping them to form coastguards , the provision of training and coastguard facilities .
These may sound like asking too much of the UN agencies .
But we should ask what it means to those who paid tens of millions dollars of ransom and to their loved ones held hostage for months .
Fourthly , a joint Somali and UN oversight agency – like at present the ICAO ( International Civil Aviation Organization ) does it for the Somali airspace – should be considered for the Somali waters .
The problem of piracy will not be completely eradicated unless there is a restoration of stability on the ground and there are effective institutions and structures in Somalia that can address the piracy issue in its totality .
ACTIONS NEEDED
– Immediate action by the international armada of navies against illegal dumping and illegal fishing in and around the Somali waters
– Revision of Somali fisheries and environmental protection legislation and institutions
– Strengthening decentralised governance and legal structures in Somalia
– Enlisting the support of influential Somali political , business and civic groups
– Rehabilitation and development of infrastructure in Somali coastal communities
– Development of coastal income generation possibilities and the fishing industry in Somalia
– Development of a national legislation on piracy for all Somalia
– Establishment of Somali Law Enforcement Authorities ( navy , coastguard )
– Support of the pastoralists and proper range management in Somalia
– Eliminating the illegal arms trade and human trafficking from , to and through Somalia
– Establishment of a regional action plan against IUU fishing and dumping of toxic or nuclear waste
– Establishment of RCICPs ( Regional coordination and information centre on piracy ) .
ADDITIONAL RESOURCES
- [ PDF ]
- East African Seafarers ’ Assistance Programme .
* Please send comments to [ email protected ] or comment online at Pambazuka News .
NOTES
RECENT CASES IN NEGOTIATION
FV WIN FAR 161 : The Taiwanese fishing vessel was seized on 6 April 2009 near the Seychelles .
She is said to have been observed earlier fishing illegally in Somali waters .
After the sea - jacking , it had been involved in the attack on MV ALABAMA and is now still moored about 7nm from Garacad at the north - eastern Indian Ocean coast .
The crew of 30 ( 17 Filipinos , six Indonesians , five Chinese and two Taiwanese ) is still together and on board , but in awful condition .
The ship 's skipper and first engineer are Taiwanese nationals and the 700 - ton long - liner is owned by a Taiwanese company , which regularly sent their vessels into Somali waters from the Seychelles – a key transshipment point for poached tuna from the Indian Ocean to Japan .
The Government of the Philippines seems to be pretty helpless to even find the manning agency , which lured the 17 Pinoy sailors into the fish - poaching operation .
Naval fire damaged the vessel , but it is said to still be able to sail .
It was moored on three heavy anchor obtained from another , former sea - jack hostage – the MV Hansa Stavanger – near Garacad .
The vessel was freed on 11 February 2010 .
MV ARIANA : Seized 2 May 2009 .
The Ariana was seized north of Madagascar , en route to the Middle East from Brazil laden with soy - beans .
The 24 - strong all - Ukrainian crew has run low in food and water .
The ship , flying a Maltese flag , belongs to All Oceans Shipping in Greece , which fronts for a British conglomerate .
So far the shipping company has not responded to calls for urgently required medical attention .
Two female sailors are on board , one of them in serious condition .
The vessel received some fuel from MV KOTA WAJAR and is at the moment held close to it north of Hobyo .
The Ukrainian Human Rights ombudswoman had appealed to her European counterpart in order to achieve immediate relief to the suffering of the crew - members , who have run out of food and clean water .
Promises by the Ukrainian government to facilitate the offered evacuation of two female sailors , one of whom was in a life - threatening medical condition and still would require to be flown out , were broken .
The vessel and crew were held near Hobyo at the Central Somali Indian Ocean coast , and freed on 10 December 2009 .
MV CHARELLE : Seized on 12 June 2009 .
The relatively small 2,800 - tonne general cargo ship carrying mostly empty containers was captured 60 miles south of Oman .
The Antigua and Barbuda flagged vessel is owned by shipping firm Tarmstedt International and operated from New Zealand .
Seven of the 10 - member crew are Sri Lankans , three are Filipinos .
The New Zealand shipping company , who owns the vessel , confirmed that negotiations for the release of MV CHARELLE had broken down , because the sea - shifta did not honour the reached agreement and negotiations had to start all over again .
The new negotiations reached final agreement on 3 December and the ill - fated ship was released and sailed out to safe waters at 17:00hrs on the material day .
MV KOTA WAJAR : Seized on 15 October 2009 .
The 24,637 - tonne container ship , seized 300nm north of Seychelles , was heading for the Kenyan port of Mombasa from Singapore .
It has a multinational 21 - man crew on board , of which two are Singaporean , five Sri Lankan and four Indian .
It was used to lift a sea- jacked British couple , John and Rachel Chandler from their 38 - ft yacht S/Y LYNN RIVAL , seized 22 October 2009 en route to Tanzania and later recovered by a UK naval ship .
The ship was released on 28 December 2009 .
MV DE XIN HAI : Seized on 19 October 2009 .
The 76,000 tonne Chinese bulk carrier with 25 Chinese sailors was en route from South Africa ; it was carrying about 76,000 tonnes of coal and there were 25 Chinese crew aboard when it was hijacked in the Indian Ocean 550nm northeast of the Seychelles and 700nm off the east coast of Somalia .
The bulker is owned by the state - owned Qingdao Ocean Shipping Co. Negotiations for the release seem not to have started in earnest , though the Chinese Shipowners ' Association secretary general Zhang Zuyue confirmed that the Chinese side was willing to pay a ransom .
The vessel was freed on 28 December 2009 .
MV AL KHALIQ : Seized on 22 October 2009 .
The Panamanian - flagged 22,000 dwt bulker was abducted around180 miles west of the Seychelles .
The crew consists of 24 Indian sailors and two Burmese nationals .
EU NAVFOR patrol aircraft confirmed the hijacking , with six pirates seen on board and two skiffs in tow .
A third , the ' mother ship ' had apparently already been winched onto the ship 's deck .
The vessel with over 35,000 metric tonnes of wheat grain is now moored near Harardheere and the crew is on board .
FV THAI UNION 3 : Seized on 29 October 2009 .
Pirates on two skiffs boarded the tuna fishing boat with a crew of 23 Russians , two Filipinos and two nationals from Ghana about 200 nautical miles north of the Seychelles and 650 miles off the Somali coast .
During the attack the Russian captain was shot in the left elbow .
The Russian and US navies tried to provide medical aid to the captain , while the captors themselves took him to hospital , had him treated and returned him to the vessel .
The fishing vessel and its crew are held just around 1.5 nm to where the Spanish fishing vessel FV ALAKRANA was held , near Harardheere at the central Somali coast .
SHAXAR : A Somali militia seized overnight on 30 October 2009 a Yemeni fishing Vessel – crew members are composed of four Yemenis and 6 Indians – in the Indian Ocean after a gun battle , in which at least one Somali was killed and another one wounded .
The government of Yemen has confirmed the abduction .
MV DELVINA : Seized on 5 November 2009 .
The 53,629 dwt bulk carrier had a 21 - man crew , consisting of seven Ukrainian officers and 14 Filipino sailors .
The vessel was seized 250nm northwest of Madagascar and was laden with wheat .
It arrived near Harardheere at the central Somali coast , The ship was released on 17 December .
AL HILAL : Seized before 9 November 2009 near Ras Hafun while having engine troubles .
The white - coloured fishing vessel was said to be of Libyan origin , but it was neither found in the regular ship register nor in the list of the Indian Ocean Tuna Commission .
A Yemeni connection was also reported .
The vessel was then stranded on 9 November 2009 at a place called Diin Kudhac , from where the crew was brought on land and to Eyl .
It was reported that the vessel was completely looted , including the engine and would most likely never sail again .
The crew – consisting of sailors from India and Bangladesh – was split up by around 14 captors .
Negotiations for their safe release started , while some of the Indian sailors went on hunger strike .
The crew members of this vessel were released on 18 November 2009 but were held in Punt land awaiting repatriation back home .
MV FILITSA : Seized on 10 November 2009 .
The 1996 - built , 23,709 dwt cargo - ship had a crew of 22 , including three Greek officers and 19 Filipinos .
The Marshall Islands - flagged ship had been heading from Kuwait to Durban in South Africa when it was attacked 513nm north east of the Seychelles as it was sailing from Kuwait , the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) to the port of Durban in South Africa loaded with fertiliser .
The ship , which belongs to the Order Shipping Co. Ltd , was released on 2 February 2010 .
MV THERESA VIII : MV Theresa VIII , with a North Korean crew of 28 , was seized on 16 November 2009 while en route to Mombasa from Indonesia laden with palm oil .
The captain , who fired flares during the attack , was injured so badly by gunfire that he died one day later .
story circulated by some media that he was taken ashore to receive medical attention is wrong , since the vessel by that time had not yet arrived at the coast .
The tanker was released on 16 March 2010 .
VLCC MARAN CENTAURUS :
The Greek flagged super tanker was taken on 29 November 2009 afternoon some 585 nm north east of Seychelles while under way to New Orleans from Jeddah .
Crew members on board were composed of nine Greeks , 16 Filipinos , two Ukrainians and a Romanian .
The tanker , owned and managed by a Greek shipping company , was freed on 18 January 2010 .
The services I attended at Philadelphia ’s Congregation Temple Bethel were loud and joyous , but I felt totally out of place .
That was a familiar feeling , of course .
My two Jewish parents raised me without any religious education .
( My father , a butcher , takes an almost perverse delight in flouting his non-belief with gestures like giving me lard as a Christmas present . )
But I was more at ease this morning , because it was not expected that I understand the rituals because I look like a Jew .
I was one of the only white people in shul that morning , and it was nice to look as out of place as I usually feel .
Bethel is an African American synagogue founded in the 1950s by a woman known as “ Mother ” Louise Elizabeth Dailey .
Today it has an estimated membership of 500 families .
Their mode of worship looked more Pentecostal to me than Jewish .
A praise band played throughout the five - hour service , which was punctuated by frenzied moments in which worshippers would run laps around the pews while some fell into ecstatic fits of weeping .
They were dedicating a new Torah scroll , and some readers sounded almost like mullahs chanting the Koran , while others sang with an extravagant Ashkenazi style that I had only seen used by Al Jolson in The Jazz Singer .
I was at Bethel on an assignment for The Washington Post , a cover story for the magazine about a new African American synagogue in DC started in 2008 by Mother Dailey ’s grandson , Eli Aronoff .
( Aronoff claims no Ashkenazi ancestry despite his surname — his father was from rural South Carolina . )
Neither my story nor the new congregation succeeded — the Post axed the story during a shakeup of the magazine ’s editorial staff in 2009 , and Aronoff ’s congregation recently decided to disband after two struggling years .
But the experience allowed me to ask what it means to belong to a tradition that I had always been taught was my birthright .
Does heritage alone make a Jew a Jew ?
Religious law ?
And why are these more important tokens of membership in the community that someone ’s personal faith ?
“ Doing away with this New Testament nonsense … ”
Louise Elizabeth Dailey was the daughter of a Baptist minister in Annapolis , Maryland , who observed some odd customs .
He salted chicken after it was slaughtered , for example , and covered mirrors during a period of mourning .
When she saw these same customs observed by a Jewish family for whom she worked as a maid after moving to Philadelphia around 1940 , she decided this was more than coincidence .
“ Coincidence , ” she was fond of saying , “ is just God ’s way of being anonymous . ”
She began keeping kosher .
She adopted a Saturday Sabbath , which ironically got her fired by her Jewish employers when she refused to wash dishes on the holy day .
While raising six children , she started hosting a prayer group in her living room .
It quickly grew , its ranks swelling with the large numbers of African Americans then pouring into Philadelphia from the South .
In 1951 , the group formally declared itself the Bethel Holy Commandment Church .
As the name makes obvious , they were not yet a synagogue .
Dailey ’s daughter , Debra Bowen , became leader of Bethel after her mother ’s death in 2001 , and she is the official keeper of her legend .
Bowen confessed in a rare moment of candor during an interview with a University of Pennsylvania student named Dan Ross , “ One thing that was difficult for [ Mother ] to relinquish in a really quick way was that we worshipped Jesus Christ . ”
( Dan Ross ’s impressive senior thesis is the only in - depth history of the congregation . )
A group of African Americans who thought of themselves as the children of Israel yet who worshipped Jesus Christ — this is not as odd as it may at first sound .
Around the turn of the 20th century , some of the children their forefathers ’ white masters .
The Hebrew bible ’s exodus narrative had long made it central to black theology , making Judaism a logical model for crafting a new faith for free people .
But Jesus , too , was important in black faith , and most of the Jewish - inspired denominations that sprang up did not renounce him .
Instead , they claimed white Jews were imposters to the faith who had misunderstood Christ ’s significance .
Broadly speaking , these black “ messianic ” groups held beliefs that resemble elements of Seventh Day Adventism and Jews for Jesus colored by Black Nationalism and the worship practices of the African American church .
In the mid 1950s , Dailey ’s reputation as a preacher came to the attention of the “ chief apostle ” of one of these denominations , the House of God , Inc .
The House of God , founded in Washington , DC in 1918 and later headquartered in Kentucky , describes itself as a “ Hebrew Pentecostal ” denomination .
Bishop S. P Rawlings asked Dailey to affiliate with his church and later recruited her for the third - highest position in its national leadership .
Dailey ensured that Bethel would keep its autonomy , but she signed on with the House of God because it gave her a national platform to share her message .
Around the time her first grandchild , Eli Aronoff , was born in 1960 , Dailey spent several weeks on preaching tours each year .
Exactly what she preached in those years is unclear , but it clearly increasingly challenged Christianity .
According to one family legend , a group of ministers in South Carolina put a snake in a house where she was staying as a form of lynching .
Increasingly , her beliefs became more and more grounded in the Jewish daily prayer , the Shema : “ Hear , o Israel , … the Lord is one . ”
By the time Aronoff reached bar mitzvah age , Dailey decided the time had come to renounce Jesus .
“ There was a moment she said , ‘ OK , we ’re doing away with this New Testament nonsense — we ’re not doing that no more , ’ ” he remembers .
Bethel voted to break from the House of God , though about a third of the congregation left Bethel , choosing Jesus over Mother .
This included her son George , who remains a House of God bishop to this day .
Once Mother Dailey made this leap , she was neither gentle nor quiet .
“ This ai n’t no milk and no eggs , ” she warned during a sermon broadcast on the radio .
“ This is meat !
You ca n’t digest this , honey , you gonna choke to death ! ”
She let loose with a staccato lyricism :
We ’ve been taught lies all our lives .
We were taught that we had two gods — we were taught that we had three gods :
God the Father , God the Son , and God the Holy Ghost .
Hallelujah !
HALLELUJAH !
But I heard Satan say :
I ’m gonna deceive the people [ because ] you threw me out of heaven .
I ’m gonna exalt my dome above the stars .
And I ’m gonna be as the Most High .
I ’m gonna make men worship ME
and make them think they ’re worshipping YOU !
I know you said besides you there is no other , but I ’m gonna give you another god .
I ’m gonna tell men they ca n’t be saved unless you go through this other god !
Dailey used to believe in that “ other god , ” she told her audience , but the Almighty revealed the truth to her through scripture .
“ You said in Your word , Israel only gonna be saved … and if you ’re not in Israel , you ’re not gonna be saved .
And there ai n’t no Hebrews worshipping Jesus ! ”
“ We know your people were Hebrews ”
Just because the Bethelites believed they were Jews did not mean they knew how to practice Jewish rituals — and it certainly did not mean that they were accepted as by those whose ancestors had brought the faith to America from Europe .
Neither Dailey nor members of her congregation went before a rabinnical court to convert according to Jewish law .
They were not converts , they believed — they asserted that their African ancestors had been Jews before slavery imposed a false religion upon them .
Dailey held up her father ’s Judaic customs as evidence of this history , and also pointed to scriptural prophecy : “ If you do not observe to fulfill all the words of this Torah , ” it is written in Deuteronomy 28 , then the “ Lord will bring you back to Egypt in ships … .
And there , you will seek to be sold to your enemies for slaves and handmaids … [ and ] serve other deities unknown to you or your forefathers . ”
The ships were the clincher — why would Jews be carried back to slavery in ships if they were living in the desert ?
This could only refer to the ships that carried Africans to the New World .
This did n’t wash with the administrations of Jewish schools , which denied Bethelite children admission .
Nor was it accepted by dealers of Torahs and other ritual objects , who refused to sell to Bethel .
They were even blackballed from buying prayer books .
One person who shared Dailey ’s interpretation of history was Morris Shoulson , an Orthodox rabbi who was one of Philadelphia ’s best - respected mohels .
And it is was through him that Mother Dailey ’s lifelong prayer , “ God , show me the way of the Hebrews ! ” was most directly answered .
Performing a circumcision ceremony for a Bethelite family in 1976 , Shoulson noticed Eli Aronoff — then an almost painfully skinny teenager — intently watching his every move .
He invited Aronoff to come study with him , asking one thing in return .
“ You must promise me that you will not take what I teach you to [ any established ] synagogue , ” he said .
“ Take this back to your people so they will know who they are . ”
Aronoff remembers Shoulson telling him , “ We know your people were Hebrews . ”
Training the boy was also part of a larger agenda , Aronoff explains .
“ He wanted to have a conduit , somebody who could go to the [ African American ] community … [ to ] educate them about their history and where they come from . ”
Shoulson , who died in 1990 , was a short , balding man who always had the distracted air of someone trapped in serious concentration .
He held classes for students from many different congregations in the row house he converted into a shul by knocking out the walls on the ground floor to create a sanctuary .
Aronoff attended classes alongside students from other synagogues around the city , where the rabbi lead informal discussion sessions based each week on a different subject — a ritual ’s details , the laws of keeping kosher , the celebration of the High Holy Days .
Shoulson also had Aronoff attend classes at a local Jewish college , and had Aronoff submit to a conversion ceremony in order to be allowed to enroll .
“ I know who you are , ” he told Aronoff , “ but the powers that be [ do n’t ] . ”
Aronoff says that it felt strange converting to something he already believed himself to be , but he understood that he was jumping through a hoop in order to achieve a larger goal of getting a Jewish education .
“ Ultimately , it opened a number of doors for me , ” he says .
After completing his studies and receiving his ordination from Shoulson , Aronoff honored his commitment to his teacher by teaching in his grandmother ’s congregation for more than 20 years , while earning his living as an accountant .
Bethel member Dave McClam , whose mother was among the congregation ’s founders , says that Aronoff was “ on the cutting edge ” of Judaizing their practices as they transformed into a synagogue .
“ He ’s one of the first ones to start with questions about our faith and the Jewish way , ” McClam said .
“ He would go sit in the caucasian setting , and the information he brought back … [ provided ] clarification ” on how to say the prayers , order worship services , and fulfill ritual requirements .
When a group in Washington asked him to leave Bethel and help them build a synagogue , he had no desire to leave .
But then he remembered the deal he had made for his training .
“ I ’m willing to help you because I had promised Rabbi Shoulson , ” Aronoff told the organizer of the Washington group , Shelliyah Iyomahan .
“ I will do this even if it comes at some personal sacrifice … if this means that this helps me to fulfill my obligation . ”
“ This school is for Jewish kids — maybe you ca n’t read ! ”
Shelliyah Iyomahan is a solidly built woman who laughs in a way that makes clear she does n’t tolerate foolishness .
She was raised in Brooklyn in a household of Trinidadian Jews , and her husband , Bright , is from a Nigerian community that claims descent from the ancient Israelites .
She set her mind on starting a new congregation after an incident that occurred one morning when she was volunteering in the office of a DC synagogue .
There was another African American there , a man also born Jewish , who was answering phones .
Someone stuck their head in the office to ask them to come pray — they were short of the ten Jews required to form the minyan .
When they joined the group , the leader assumed the black man was a convert , and asked if he had fulfilled all of the process ’s legal requirements .
After that incident , she says , “ my eyes [ were ] opened . ”
Regardless of their devotion to the faith , Jews like her would always be greeted skeptically in DC ’s white congregations because of their black skin .
Of course , she had also experienced this bias directly — the reception she received when she visited Jewish schools for her children was so hostile that she vowed “ never [ to ] put my children in any Jewish day school in this area , even if it were free . ”
She remembers , “ The looks on their faces [ said ] , ‘ You want to enroll your children here ?!
This school is for Jewish kids — maybe you ca n’t read ! ”
Iyomahan and a handful of other black Jews — along with a white woman who was looking for a multicultural setting to raise teach the faith to her Guatemalan - born son — formed a congregation they called Temple Beth Emet , and recruited Aronoff to lead them .
They improvised a sanctuary in a conference room of an administrative building of DC ’s Sixth and I Synagogue .
Sabrina Sojourner , DC ’s former shadow representative to the US Congress , volunteered to be the new congregation ’s cantor .
She had “ returned ” to Judaism at a major reform synagogue where she felt very much at home , but had felt called to a greater leadership role .
In the months before Aronoff moved to the Washington area , Sojourner would start services every Saturday morning at 10:00 , often without enough worshipers to form a minyan .
This , sadly , is a large part of the reason Beth Emet proved unsustainable — they never achieved critical mass , and they were strapped for resources because they were launching a small congregation during the recession .
But their faith and need for a community lead them to try for two years before giving up .
What a Jew looks like
While working on my story for The Washington Post , I attended services almost every weekend for several months , more time than I have ever spent in synagogue .
And I felt more at home in these services than I have ever felt at any other .
Lasting two hours or more , so much time was set aside for discussion of scripture and tradition that it felt more like a study group than worship service to me .
I did n’t feel expected to know the rituals or the prayers — a good number of Beth Emet ’s members were in the middle of the conversion process , and were also learning .
It spoke to my love of history , and my delight in arguing over the meaning of words .
But it did not awaken any religious feeling , which part of me hoped it would .
The rituals still did not resonate , and the only emotional response prayer elicited was jealousy of those who find such activities so meaningful .
As I was coming to realize this was not my path to Jewish faith , I was reminded that my appearance would always make my Jewishness more accepted than the members of Beth Emet who had worked so hard to build a community to worship .
When I arrived early one Shabbat morning , Sojourner was arguing with a young man dressed in a dark suit .
He was with a group of orthodox professionals meeting downstairs , and he had tried to abduct Beth Emet ’s Torah to use in their services .
The minute I walked into the room , he stopped engaging Sojourner assuming I was in charge — because I looked like he expected a Jew to look .
All photos courtesy Lester Feder
For small meat businesses in America , catastrophic events result from changes high up in the regulatory food chain that make it very difficult for small plants to adapt .
The most recent extinction event occurred at the turn of the millennium , when small and very small USDA - inspected slaughter and processing plants were required to adopt the costly Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point ( HACCP ) food safety plan .
It has been estimated that 20 percent of existing small plants , and perhaps more , went out of business at that time .
Now , proposed changes to HACCP for small and very small USDA - inspected plants threaten to take down many of the ones that remain , making healthy , local meats a rare commodity .
The intent of HACCP is to prevent contamination of meat by harmful pathogens .
Plant HACCP plans are approved and overseen by the Food Safety and Inspection Service ( FSIS ) , the inspection arm of the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
On March 19 , 2010 , the FSIS published a draft guidance document on HACCP system validation , outlining new rules which would institute regular , year - round testing of all meats , whether or not problems have been identified .
The proposal recommends testing for testing 's sake , and it will cost small plants tens of thousands of dollars , perhaps even hundreds of thousands , every year .
The financial burden appears great enough that this will destroy much of the remaining community - based meat processing industry , which is enjoying a renaissance and creating jobs .
Small , local meat processors have always supported food safety .
At our plant , we have had a functioning HACCP plan since 1999 , and it works .
We undergo extensive E. coli testing every year , and we have never had a positive result — ever .
The purpose of HACCP is to employ well - recognized , established processes and process - control parameters to produce safe meat products — processes and parameters recognized and published by the USDA itself .
Now , for some reason , the USDA wants to test the system and require excessive end - product microbiological testing , rather than allowing us to depend on these well - recognized procedures .
Perhaps a large plant slaughtering 5,000 animals per day can afford its own lab and microbiology staff , and can pass the cost along to the consumer , but most small plants can't .
And perhaps large plants should open labs — those are the plants where a massive beef recall can involve millions of pounds .
In my opinion , the USDA needs to recognize that " one size fits all " inspection no longer fits current industry practice and consumer demand .
These new HACCP requirements are going to cause a train wreck in a portion of the industry that is growing for the first time in years , and then the USDA is going to have a serious embarrassment on its hands .
Someone needs to take a clear - eyed look at this situation and find a way to split the agribusiness mega-plants from the community - based localized plants within the regulatory structure .
The November 2009 issue of Scientific American has a cover story by Mark Z. Jacobson ( Professor , Stanford ) and Mark A. Delucchi ( researcher , UC Davis ) .
It ’s entitled “ A path to sustainable energy by 2030 ” ( p 58 – 65 ; they call it WWS : wind , water or sunlight ) .
This popular article is supported by a technical analysis , which the authors will apparently submit to the peer - reviewed journal Energy Policy at some point ( or may have already done so ) .
Anyway , they have made both papers available for free public download here .
So what do they say ?
In a nutshell , their argument is that , by the year 2030 :
Wind , water and solar technologies can provide 100 percent of the world ’s energy , eliminating all fossil fuels .
Big claim .
Does it stack up ?
Short answer , no .
Here I critique the 100 % WWS plan ( both articles ) .
The articles are structured around 7 parts : ( 1 ) A discussion of ‘ clean energy ’ technologies and some description of different plans for large - scale carbon mitigation .
( 2 ) The amount and geographic distribution of available resources [ wind , solar , wave , geothermal , hydro etc. ] are evaluated , globally .
( 3 ) The number of power plants or capture devices required to harness this energy is calculated .
( 4 ) A limit analysis is undertaken , to determine whether any technologies are likely to face material resource bottlenecks that risk stymieing their large - scale deployment .
( 5 ) The question of ‘ reliability ’ of energy generation is discussed .
( 6 ) The projected economics of this vision are forecast .
( 7 ) The policy approaches required to turn vision into reality are reviewed .
In this post I want to concentrate on ( 5 ) and ( 6 ) — what I consider to be “ The Bad ” .
But first , let ’s look quickly at “ The Good ” ( actually , more like the “ Okay ” ) and then the really “ Ugly ” parts .
The majority content of the twin papers is focused on making the banal point that there is a huge amount of energy embodied in ‘ wind , water and sunlight ’ ( “ Plenty of Supply ” ) , and that a wide diversity of technologies have been developed to try and harness this into useable electrical power .
No critic of large - scale renewable energy would argue any differently , and the size of these resources has been covered in detail by David Mackay .
In that context , I wonder what they hope to add to the literature ?
There ’s nothing wrong in this section , and well explained , but it ’s just standard , rehashed fare .
Next comes a simple extrapolation of the total number of wind turbines , solar thermal facilities , etc. required to deliver 11.5
TWe of average power ( close to my figure of 10 TWe in TCASE 3 ) .
This part is similar to that which I provided in TCASE 4 except they use a mix of contributing technologies rather than considering a hypothetical limit analysis for each technology individually .
Curiously though , they never really explain ( in either paper ) how they came up with their scenario ’s relative mix of hydro capacity , millions of wind turbines , billions of solar PV units , and thousands of large CSP plants , wave converters , and so on — except in pointing out that some resources are more abundant in deployable locations than others ( see Table 2 of the tech paper ) .
They do provide a useful discussion of possible material component bottlenecks for different techs ( e.g .
Nd for permanent magnets in wind turbines , Pt for hydrogen fuel cells , In / Ga etc. for solar PV ) , and argue how they can be plausibly overcome via recycling and substitution with cheaper / more abundant alternatives .
This bit is quite good .
So what ’s “ The Ugly ” ?
Well , it ’s something utterly egregious and deceptive .
In the Sci Amer article , the following objection is raised in order to dismiss the fission of uranium or thorium as clean energy :
Nuclear power results in up to 25 times more carbon emissions than wind energy , when reactor construction and uranium refining and transport are considered .
Hold on .
How could this be ?
I ’ve shown here that the “ reactor construction ” argument is utterly fallacious – wind has a building material footprint over 10 times larger than that of nuclear , on energy parity basis .
Further , Peter Lang has shown that wind , once operating , offsets 20 times LESS carbon per unit energy than nuclear power , when a standard natural gas backup for wind is properly considered .
I ’ve also explained in this post that the emissions stemming from mining , milling , transport and refining of nuclear fuel is vastly overblown , and is of course irrelevant for fast spectrum and molten salt thorium reactors .
So… ?
Well , you have to look to the technical version of the paper to trace the source of the claim .
It comes from Jacobson 2009 , where he posited that nuclear power means nuclear proliferation , nuclear proliferation leads to nuclear weapons , and this chain of events lead to nuclear war , so they calculate ( ?! ) the carbon footprint of a nuclear war !
( integrating a probability of 0 — 1 over a 30 year period ) .
I quote :
4d . Effects of nuclear energy on nuclear war and terrorism damage Because the production of nuclear weapons material is occurring only in countries that have developed civilian nuclear energy programs , the risk of a limited nuclear exchange between countries or the detonation of a nuclear device by terrorists has increased due to the dissemination of nuclear energy facilities worldwide .
As such , it is a valid exercise to estimate the potential number of immediate deaths and carbon emissions due to the burning of buildings and infrastructure associated with the proliferation of nuclear energy facilities and the resulting proliferation of nuclear weapons .
The number of deaths and carbon emissions , though , must be multiplied by a probability range of an exchange or explosion occurring to estimate the overall risk of nuclear energy proliferation .
Although concern at the time of an explosion will be the deaths and not carbon emissions , policy makers today must weigh all the potential future risks of mortality and carbon emissions when comparing energy sources .
Really , need I say more ?
Can it really be that such wildly conjectural nonsense is acceptable as a valid scientific argument in the sustainable energy peer - reviewed literature ?
It seems so , which suggests to me that this academic discipline needs a swift logical kick up its intellectual rear end .
So , on to the grand renewables plan .
The fulcrum upon which the whole WWS analysis pivots is the section entitled “ Reliability ” .
Here ’s where the steam and mirrors of their WWS dream ( sorry , solar thermal pun ) really starts to blow off into the atmosphere and shatter on the ground .
First , the authors cite ‘ downtime ’ figures for each technology ( i.e. , the period of unscheduled maintenance , as opposed to scheduled outages ) .
From this , they leave the uninitiated reader with the distinct impression ( especially in the Sci Amer pap piece ) that wind and solar PV is actually more ‘ reliable ’ than coal !
( Who knew ?
We ’d better tell the utilities ) .
They also say that unscheduled downtimes for distributed WWS technologies will have less impact on grid stability than when a large centralised power plant suddenly drops out .
Sorry , but I just do n’t get this .
If the downtime of solar PV is 2 % , for instance , and you have 1.7 billion 3 kW units installed worldwide ( their calculated figure ) , then 340,000 of them are out at any one time .
That seems rather significant to me …
Next , to overcome intermittency , they claim that for an array of 13 - 19 wind farms , spread out over an 850 x 850 km region and hypothetically interconnected :
… about 33 % of yearly - averaged wind power was calculated to be useable at the same reliability as a coal - fired power plant .
Let ’s parse this .
By reliability of the coal plant , I assume in this context that they mean its capacity factor ( rather than unscheduled outages ) , which would be around 85 % of peak output .
Now , wind in excellent sites has a capacity factor of ~ 35 % , so the yearly - averaged power of a hypothetical 10 GW peak wind array of 13 - 19 farms would be 3.5 GW .
Now , following their statement , 33 % of 3.5 GW — that is , 1.15 GW or ~ 12 % of peak capacity — would be available 85 % of the time .
Or , to put it another way , we ’d need to install 10 GW of peak wind to replace the output of 1.4 GW of coal ?
Is that what they are saying ?
Did they cost this ?
( hint : no , see below ) .
Perhaps someone else can confirm or reject my interpretation of the statements on p19 of the tech paper .
Also , consider this .
Say we instead installed 20 GW peak over this 850 x 850 km area .
We ’d still only be able to deliver 20 x 0.35 x 0.33 = 2.3 GW of baseload - equivalent power .
That is , adding more and more wind does n’t help with system reliability , as it would for coal .
I suppose the overall system reliability might get a little better as you spread your wind farm array over increasingly large geographical areas , but I suspect that this would be a case of rapidly diminishing returns .
How can such a scheme be considered economic ?
( Note : I ’m not arguing for coal here , just using the power technologies given in their example .
For me , insert nuclear instead ) .
Then they introduce ‘ load - matching ’ renewables .
For instance , they present a “ Clean Electricity 24/ 7 ” figure for California ( see above ) , in which geothermal , wind , solar and hydro together provide a perfect match to an average power demand curve for CA for a given month ( July in this figure ) .
Strangely though , they neglect to mention what happens during the many imperfect , less - than - average days , when it ’s cloudy and / or calm for some or most of the day and night ( or strings of days / nights ) , or how much extra capacity is needed in winter months .
How is the gap filled if either or both of wind / solar is mostly unavailable ?
Do the residents of CA go without electricity on those days ?
Err , no .
Apparently , in these instances , grid operators must ‘ plan ahead for a backup energy supply ’ .
Riiiight .
Where does this come from again , and how will this be costed into the WWS economic equation ?
I could go on here , but wo n’t .
This post is already getting way too long , and besides , many of these points will be topics , in and of themselves , in future TCASE posts .
As you ’d have already gathered from the above , the economics of WWS is pretty strange .
Here ’s another example :
Power from wind turbines , for example , already costs about the same or less than it does from a new coal or natural gas plant , and in the future is expected to be the least costly of all options .
How can they justifiably say this , and yet neglect to mention that the power these these technologies produce is variable in quanity , low quality ( in terms of frequency control ) , not dispatchable , diffuse ( thereby requiring substantial interconnection ) , and that their projected energy prices do n’t include costs of backup ?
In other words , in the real world , what exactly does the above quoted statement mean ?
Nothing meaningful that I can see .
They make a token attempt to price in storage ( e.g. , compressed air for solar PV , hot salts for CSP ) .
But tellingly , they never say HOW MUCH storage they are costing in this analysis ( see table 6 of tech paper ) , nor how much extra peak generating capacity these energy stores will require in order to be recharged , especially on low yield days ( cloudy , calm , etc ) .
Yet , this is an absolutely critical consideration for large - scale intermittent technologies , as Peter Lang has clearly demonstrated here .
Without factoring in these sort of fundamental ‘ details ’ — and in the absence of crunching any actual numbers in regards to the total amount of storage / backup / overbuild required to make WWS 24/365 — the whole economic and logistical foundation of the grand WWS scheme crumbles to dust .
It sum , the WWS 100 % renewables by 2030 vision is nothing more than an illusory fantasy .
It is not a feasible , real - world energy plan .
I also see that they are happy to speculate about dramatic future price drops for solar PV and concentrating solar thermal with up to 24 hours future storage ( Although even they admit it would not provide sufficient power in winter – what do we do then , I wonder ?
– have huge capacities of coal and gas on idle and as spinning reserve ? ) .
Well , I guess that if analysts like Jacobson and Delucchi are willing to forecast such optimistically low costs for future solar , then we can be quite comfortable doing the same for IFR and LFTR , the Gen IV nuclear .
What ’s good for the goose …
Finally , a quick note on the section “ Policy Approaches ” .
I found one thing particularly amusing .
They start by emphasising the critical need for feed - in tariffs ( FITs ) , to subsidise the initial deployment of WWS technologies , because these deliver a necessary kick start towards lower future costs .
It ’s ironic then , that they end with a quote from Benjamin Sovacool ( 2009 ) which says :
Consumers practically ignore renewable power systems because they are not given accurate price signals about electricity consumption .
Intentional market distortions ( such as subsidies ) , and unintentional mark distortions ( such as split incentives ) prevent consumers from becoming fully invested in their electricity choices .
Well , excuse me , but if FITs , and WWS technologies that are priced without adequate storage / backup , are not market distortions and subsidies , then what the hell is ?
— — — — — — — ——————-
Charles Barton at Nuclear Green has two further useful critiques of the WWS papers here and here ; these follow on from his earlier dissections of Jacobson , Archer ’s and Sovacool ’s work .
— — — — — — — ——————-
Appendix : Further comments on WWS from Dr. Gene Preston of SCGI :
By profession I do transmission studies for wind and solar clients .
My company name is TAC meaning Transmission Adequacy Consulting .
I currently am doing studies all across the US .
“ A path to sustainable energy by 2030 ” omits the transmission system needed by 2030 .
Because the wind and solar and water and geothermal projects are not in the locations of the existing power plants , new lines will be needed .
Looking at the graph on page 63 , and carefully measuring scales on the graph , I estimate that there is 40,000 MW of wind and 40,000 MW of centralized solar on that graph .
The reason I omitted rooftop solar is because Jacobson has its contribution to be rather small .
For example , multiplying out the numbers on page 61 you will get 5.1 TW of rooftop solar and 26.7 TW of large scale solar of 300 MW size in farms , much like wind farms .
This seems reasonable since centralized solar is twice as cost effective as rooftop solar .
Since the rooftop solar is small I will omit it from these comments .
That leaves us needing 80,000 MW of new wind solar and geothermal generation just to serve California .
I think an estimate of 500 miles from wind and solar resources to major load centers is reasonable .
A 500 kV transmission line is rated at about 2000 MW max power .
But you do n’t want to operate it at that power level because the losses are too high and there is no reserve capacity in the line to handle the first contingency problem .
Therefore I will estimate we will load the new 500 kV lines to about 1500 MW on average .
So we have 80,000 MW of renewable sources widely scattered around the Western System ( WECC ) with each carrying 1500 MW so that we need roughly 50 new 500 kV lines of 500 miles each , for a total length of 25,000 miles .
The article assumes there is little solar power energy storage and it also assumes the wind be blowing at night .
We know for sure that the solar power is not available at night so we are nearly totally dependent on wind for night time energy .
You are going to ask about the geothermal energy .
One geothermal project I recently worked on for determining the transmission access for looked like a good project until the geothermal energy extraction failed to work .
Recently other geothermal projects have created human induced earthquakes .
Geothermal energy seem less likely today than just a few years ago .
So we are nearly totally dependent on wind energy for the night - time CA energy as envisioned in the 100 % renewables by 2030 .
If we plan for those few occurrences when there is no wind in the WECC system , we must interconnect WECC with the rest of the US so CA can draw power from other wind generators that do have wind ( hopefully ) outside the WECC area , such as the Texas coast and east of the rocky mountains where massive wind farms can be constructed .
However we will need at least 40,000 MW of lines that I estimate will average 2000 miles in length .
If we used 500 kV lines , we would need about 25 of these lines bridging from WECC to the US eastern grid and ERCOT and the total length would be about 50,000 miles .
By 2030 we would need 75,000 miles of new 500 kV lines just to serve California with 100 % renewables .
Considering that we have the period from 2010 to 2030 , that means we would have to construct about 4000 miles of new 500 kV lines every year from now until 2030 for the renewables plan as outlined in this article to work .
How much do these lines cost ?
Probably about 2 million dollars per mile .
Also , the 500 miles is just an estimate .
If you have specific projects in mind that eliminates some of the uncertainty in estimating costs .
For example the distances might be less to wind generators .
However I suspect that opposition to the wind generators unsightliness and opposition to power lines will result in longer pats for lines zig zagging around the countryside and the wind generators being not allowed anywhere on the coast , so I understand that Mexico is the desirable place for wind .
But if you were to string out 40,000 MW of wind , I bet you would find the 500 miles was not that bad a guesstimate after all .
The first few sites might be closer to load centers , but opposition is likely to drive them farther away .
The construction time for lines is mostly how long it takes to get all the ROW and get approval to build the lines .
How many years will a line be held up in hearings ?
Add one year to that number of years and you have roughly the time it takes to build a new line .
Now try to build new lines across the Rockies and see how long that will take – decades I predict , if ever .
In sum , I do not believe this is achievable at all .
Therefore the concept envisioned in the SA article is not a workable plan because the transmission problems have not been addressed .
The lines are n’t going to get built .
The wind is not going to interconnect .
The SA article plan is not even a desirable plan .
The environmental impact and cost would be horrendous .
Lets get realistic .
One thing I appreciate about NYC 's boiling - hot summers is that I do n't have to run my electricity - hogging clothes dryer ; a hanging rack does does the job fine .
And now Levi Strauss & Co. is running a design competition to promote air - drying as a means of environmental preservation , asking entrants to design modern updates and alternatives to the clothesline .
All of the entries to date are available for viewing ( and voting on ) online .
Some of our faves :
The far - fetched but fun Windmill Dryer is essentially an electricity - generating turbine with blades you can dry clothes on .
The Palm is a deceptively simple - looking coat rack with fronds that can deploy from the center , creating multiple hanging points .
The rain - proof , wind - catching Breezeway is a communal dryer designed for apartment building roofs and has the capacity of six dryers .
Individual , lockable drawers separate your undies from the Jones ' .
Check the rest out here .
via makezine
FerFAL ,
I remember reading on your blog that the best thing to do when gunfire
occurs in a crowded area is to get as flat on the ground as you can
and move to cover .
The question I have is :
What do all of the other people do ?
I recognize that lying flat provides a smaller target and thus least
likely chance to be hit by gunfire .
In my mind , it also provides the
largest opportunity for being trampled by a stampeding crowd if
everybody else does not get flat on the ground .
Thank you for considering my question ,
Nolan
Hi Nolan , you often have cover in the form of various urban installations , building corners , and other objects but its more complicated than just finding a place to hide .
Concealment does n’t mean cover and knowing which is which requires a bit more advanced knowledge so as to know what will stop a certain projectile or not .
A metal mailbox may stop a 22LR , but 2 layers of thin metal wont do much to stop 9 mm , let alone rifle shots .
A brick or cement wall gives you good cover , but if its just an ordinary siding then its probably a wood or metal frame structure in which case its just concealment .
Earth and sand , either in bags , raised beads or in flower pots .
A feet of packed dirt will stop less powerful rounds , but its better to have at least two .
Cement power posts are good cover , do n’t even bother with a wooden benches , wood plank fences or pine wood boxes as seen in the movies , that ’s just concealment and nearly all rounds will go right through it .
Going around a corner , behind a car where the engine is ( the metal alone in the car wont protect you much , specially if its rifle shots or big bore handguns ) 9 mm , which is the most common police , and military issue handgun caliber as we ’ll as the most poplar one for self defense , that penetrates better than bigger projectiles that have better stopping power .
When you do n’t have concealment within a few yards and you hear shoots fires , yes , your best option is laying flat on the ground .
It does not hurt at all and its actually an interesting mental exercise to take note of the possible cover you find as you walk during your daily routine , similar to checking the exits when you walk into a building or seating looking towards the door when at a restaurant .
Getting stomped to death by the mass ?
Can happen , you ’ll have to use your head .
Say I ’m in Constitucion train station at rush hour , packed like a can of sardines .
No shots needed , if you lay on the floor people will just stomp on you to death .
If shots are fired , I ’d stay on my feet to avoid just that , even try to get closer to a wall which generally moves faster than in the center of the crowded place .
I also know that in such packed places , the mass of people works as cover and I would n’t worry much about getting shot unless I ’m very close to the shooter .
Other than that , take note of the place , make sure you wont hit the ground at an exit point where people will be rushing to .
Other than that , hitting the floor is your best survival alternative when shots are fired and there ’s no concealment near by .
FerFAL
Document outlines key messages the Obama administration wants to convey in the run-up to UN climate talks in Mexico in November
A document accidentally left on a European hotel computer and passed to the Guardian reveals the US government 's increasingly controversial strategy in the global UN climate talks .
Titled Strategic communications objectives and dated 11 March 2010 , it outlines the key messages that the Obama administration wants to convey to its critics and to the world media in the run-up to the vital UN climate talks in Cancun , Mexico in November .
( You can read the document text below ) .
Top of the list of objectives is to : " Reinforce the perception that the US is constructively engaged in UN negotiations in an effort to produce a global regime to combat climate change . "
It also talks of " managing expectations " of the outcome of the Cancun meeting and bypassing traditional media outlets by using podcasts and " intimate meetings " with the chief US negotiator to disarm the US 's harsher critics .
But the key phrase is in paragraph three where the author writes : " Create a clear understanding of the CA 's [ Copenhagen accord 's ] standing and the importance of operationalising ALL elements . "
This is the clearest signal that the US will refuse to negotiate on separate elements of the controversial accord , but intends to push it through the UN process as a single " take it or leave it " text .
The accord is the last - minute agreement reached at the chaotic Copenhagen summit in December .
Over 110 countries are now " associated " with the accord but it has not been adopted by the 192 - nation UN climate convention .
The US has denied aid to some countries that do not support the accord .
The " take it or leave it " approach divided countries in Bonn this weekend and alienated most developing countries including China , India and Brazil who want to take parts of the accord to include in the formal UN negotiations .
They say the accord has no legal standing and should not be used as the basis of the final legally binding agreement because it is not ambitious enough .
It lacks any specific cuts in greenhouse gas emissions and sets a temperature rise limit of 2C , which critics say is too high to prevent serious harm to Africa and other parts of the world .
Last night Jonathan Pershing , lead US negotiator at the Bonn talks , said he " had no knowledge " of the document .
But he endorsed one of its key messages .
" We are not prepared to see a process go forward in which certain elements are cherry - picked .
That was not the agreement we reached in Copenhagen , " he said .
Text of the leaked document :
Strategic communications objectives
1 ) Reinforce the perception that the US is constructively engaged in UN negotiations in an effort to produce a global regime to combat climate change .
This includes support for a symmetrical and legally binding treaty .
2 ) Manage expectations for Cancun – Without owning the message , advance the narrative that while a symmetrical legally binding treaty in Mexico is unlikely , solid progress can be made on the six or so main elements .
3 ) Create a clear understanding of the CA 's standing and the importance of operationalising ALL elements .
4 ) Build and maintain outside support for the administration 's commitment to meeting the climate and clean energy challenge despite an increasingly difficult political environment to pass legislation .
5 ) Deepen support and understanding from the developing world that advanced developing countries must be part of any meaningful solution to climate change including taking responsibilities under a legally binding treaty .
Media outreach
• Continue to conduct interviews with print , TV and radio outlets driving the climate change story .
• Increase use of off - the - record conversations .
• Strengthen presence in international media markets during trips abroad .
Focus efforts on radio and television markets .
• Take greater advantage of new media opportunities such as podcasts to advance US position in the field bypassing traditional media outlets .
• Consider a series of policy speeches / public forums during trips abroad to make our case directly to the developing world .
Key outreach efforts
• Comprehensive and early outreach to policy makers , key stakeholders and validators is critical to broadening support for our positions in the coming year .
• Prior to the 9 - 11 April meeting in Bonn it would be good for Todd to meet with leading NGOs .
This should come in the form of 1:1s and small group sessions .
• Larger group sessions , similar to the one held at CAP prior to Copenhagen , will be useful down the line , but more intimate meetings in the spring are essential to building the foundation of support .
Or at the very least , disarming some of the harsher critics .
Golfing news , views , photos and more by the Into the Rough team .
Internet users were delighted to discover the animated Pac - Man doodle on Google 's home page last Friday .
The doodle , which marked the 30th anniversary of Pac - Man 's release , was Google 's first interactive logo .
Web users could play the game by clicking " Insert coin " .
Clicking the " Insert coin " button twice allowed players to participate in a two - player game , with one of the Pac - Men controlled using the arrow keys on the keyboard , and the other , by clicking W , S , A and D .
The game remained online for 48 hours before the Google doodle reverted to the usual logo .
Britain went for a second day without a new government Saturday as the main parties haggled over possible power - sharing arrangements in a divided Parliament .
All eyes were on the Liberal Democrats , the smaller party that holds the balance of power after neither of the “ big two , ” Labor and the Conservatives , was able to achieve a majority of seats in the House of Commons in Thursday ’s general election .
The Liberal Democrats ’ leader , Nick Clegg , met with senior party representatives and newly elected members of Parliament on Saturday to discuss an invitation by the Tories , as the Conservatives are known , to join them in some sort of coalition .
Clegg , who gained prominence after a telegenic turn on Britain ’s first - ever national debates , has said the Conservatives deserve the first chance of putting together a government after having won the most seats by far .
But there was no sign that a quick deal between the two parties was in the offing despite a meeting Saturday evening between Clegg and David Cameron , the Tory leader .
Cameron has urged swift action to calm financial markets worried over the inconclusive election result .
Negotiators from the two parties were scheduled to meet for a second time Sunday .
Analysts said the bargaining looked set to drag on through Monday — past the opening of global markets — and possibly longer .
“ We are keen for an early conclusion to these issues , but people will also understand that we are keen to make sure that we make the right long - term decisions for the people of this country , ” David Laws , one of the Liberal Democrats ’ negotiators , told reporters .
In talking with the Tories , Clegg and his party face a difficult choice that could come down to power versus principles .
An article of faith for the Liberal Democrats is reform of Britain ’s electoral system , which reinforces the two - party lock on politics .
The system rewards the winning of parliamentary seats , so that clumped - up support in individual voting districts ultimately carries more weight than evenly distributed support across the nation .
The distorted effects of that were on display Thursday when the Liberal Democrats captured 23 % of votes nationally but were able to win less than 9 % of the seats in Parliament .
But the Conservatives oppose any change to the system , and Cameron promised only that he would set up a multiparty committee to look into various options .
The danger for Clegg of compromising on the issue was made in noisy fashion by hundreds of protesters who gathered outside the party meeting in London .
Warning those inside not to “ sell out , ” the demonstrators presented Clegg with a petition for voting reform after the meeting .
“ Take it from me : Reforming politics is one of the reasons I went into politics , ” Clegg told the crowd when he emerged from the meeting .
“ I genuinely believe it is in the national interest … for us to use this opportunity to usher in a new politics after the discredited politics of the past . ”
Besides electoral reform , differences remain with the Tories on matters of defense , immigration and the key question of how to reduce Britain ’s ballooning budget deficit .
The Conservatives advocate an immediate program of $ 9 billion in spending cuts ; the Liberal Democrats favor a more cautious approach .
Many Liberal Democrats harbor an instinctive loathing of the Conservative Party , but the temptations of power could prove strong , especially if the Tories agree to a coalition that would award Cabinet posts to Clegg and one or two of his senior colleagues .
None of the Liberal Democrats in Parliament has ever tasted life inside government ; the party has always looked glumly on from the sidelines as Labor and Conservative took turns ruling the country .
Although the focus is on whether the Liberal Democrats and the Tories can hash out an agreement , Labor Party leaders kept up their own campaign to woo the new kingmaker .
While Prime Minister Gordon Brown mostly holed up in 10 Downing St. , the official residence many think he will soon vacate , his deputies reiterated his proposal to hold a referendum on electoral reform .
“ Nick Clegg and Gordon Brown have a lot in common on the need for fundamental , radical political reform , ” Peter Hain , a senior Labor politician , told the BBC .
Advisors to Brown and Clegg were eager to quash reports that the two men had a testy telephone exchange Friday night .
But they are said to share a prickly relationship .
Although their left - leaning parties are , in many ways , more natural allies than the Liberal Democrats and the Conservatives , a “ Lib - Lab ” pact could be difficult if Brown insisted on remaining as prime minister .
The dour Scotsman has some of the lowest approval ratings of any leader in British history .
On the other side , Clegg is now in serious negotiation with a party whose leader he accused of showing “ breathtaking arrogance ” during the election campaign .
In what looked like a somewhat awkward moment , the three men appeared together for a ceremony Saturday commemorating the Allied victory in Europe in World War II and the soldiers who died to secure it .
None of the three party leaders looked particularly pleased to be there , though their somber faces may merely have been byproducts of the solemnity of the occasion .
henry.chu@latimes.com
This post is the liveblog for the Wizards of the Coast seminar at GTS 2010 .
It will begin at 0900 on Wednesday , March 24 .
UPDATE : time is now 1:00 PM Pacific time .
3:07 AM : Trask The Wizards of the Coast seminar will begin at 0900 on March 24 , 2010 MST .
This is a liveblog , so do not refresh your page .
New content will appear automatically .
: Trask The Wizards of the Coast seminar will begin at 0900 on March 24 , 2010 MST .
This is a liveblog , so do not refresh your page .
New content will appear automatically .
12:10 PM : Trask
The time zone is PST .
: Trask
The time zone is PST .
12:28 PM : Trask
For more great Gama trade show content , subscribe to our RSS feed .
www.livingdice.com
: Trask
For more great Gama trade show content , subscribe to our RSS feed .
12:29 PM : Trask
: Trask 12:46 PM
: Haaldaar
: Haaldaar 12:49 PM
: Haaldaar
We are now seated waiting for the fun to start .
: Haaldaar
We are now seated waiting for the fun to start .
12:50 PM : Trask
: Trask 12:50 PM : Trask
We begin !
: Trask
We begin !
12:52 PM
: Trask Greg Leeds talks about state of the business
: Trask Greg Leeds talks about state of the business 12:53 PM : Trask 2009 was a good year .
Record performance driven by Magic sales .
: Trask 2009 was a good year .
Record performance driven by Magic sales .
12:54 PM : Trask
Wotc wants to expand the hobby game industry as a whole
: Trask Wotc wants to expand the hobby game industry as a whole 12:54 PM : Haaldaar
It is good to see thy WOTC is optimistic of 2010 sales .
Mostly driven by the Magic The Gathering engine .
: Haaldaar
It is good to see thy WOTC is optimistic of 2010 sales .
Mostly driven by the Magic The Gathering engine .
12:54 PM : Trask Scott knoblich vp of sales is speaking
: Trask Scott knoblich vp of sales is speaking 12:56 PM : Trask Active players for wotc 330000 . 20 percent increase in 2009
: Trask Active players for wotc 330000 . 20 percent increase in 2009 12:56 PM : Haaldaar
: Haaldaar 12:56 PM
: Trask On iPhone .
English is suffering .
Sorry .
: Trask On iPhone .
English is suffering .
Sorry .
12:56 PM : Haaldaar More Magic and D&D players then ever before .
: Haaldaar More Magic and D&D players then ever before .
12:57 PM : Trask Focus more on Magic and DnD and instore play .
: Trask Focus more on Magic and DnD and instore play .
12:58 PM : Trask WPN has three levels .
: Trask WPN has three levels .
12:58 PM : Trask Wizards Play Network
: Trask Wizards Play Network 1:00 PM
: Trask Focus on building a game community
In a retail store .
: Trask Focus on building a game community
In a retail store .
1:06 PM : Trask Bad news .
The seminar was rescheduled .
They are covering the wpn now .
The Magic and D&D seminar is now at 1300 pacific time .
: Trask Bad news .
The seminar was rescheduled .
They are covering the wpn now .
The Magic and D&D seminar is now at 1300 pacific time .
1:22 PM : Trask
We will cover the seminar at 1:oo .
See you there !
: Trask
We will cover the seminar at 1:oo .
See you there !
4:53 PM : Trask
: Trask 4:57 PM
: Trask Comments are on , but moderated .
Post away !
Be sure to comment in the liveblog frame so I can see your comments .
: Trask Comments are on , but moderated .
Post away !
Be sure to comment in the liveblog frame so I can see your comments .
5:00 PM : Trask WOTC GAMA seminar starts in 5 minutes !
: Trask WOTC GAMA seminar starts in 5 minutes !
5:03 PM : Trask Pat Hildebrant speaks about MTG
: Trask Pat Hildebrant speaks about MTG 5:04 PM : Trask Presenting some facts onmtg history
: Trask Presenting some facts onmtg history 5:05 PM : Trask 2 million events since it began
: Trask 2 million events since it began 5:06 PM : Trask 2009 mtg sales up 70 % over previous year
: Trask 2009 mtg sales up 70 % over previous year 5:07 PM : Haaldaar MTG
Duels of the Planeswalker ( X - Box Arcade Game ) doing very well .
Plans to keep adding new content .
: Haaldaar MTG
Duels of the Planeswalker ( X - Box Arcade Game ) doing very well .
Plans to keep adding new content .
5:08 PM : Trask 2009 events up 35 %
: Trask 2009 events up 35 % 5:09 PM : Trask Rise of eldrazi is a large set 248 cards
: Trask Rise of eldrazi is a large set 248 cards 5:09 PM : Trask Big monsters in the new set
: Trask Big monsters in the new set 5:10 PM : Trask Deck Builders
Toolkit is aimed at beginners that want enter the deck building arena
: Trask Deck Builders
Toolkit is aimed at beginners that want enter the deck building arena 5:11 PM : Haaldaar Exactly .
Looks like the Deck Builders Toolkit will be a gateway for new players from the starter decks to booster packs .
: Haaldaar Exactly .
Looks like the Deck Builders Toolkit will be a gateway for new players from the starter decks to booster packs .
5:11 PM : Trask Archenemy multiplayer format .
All vs one format
: Trask Archenemy multiplayer format .
All vs one format 5:11 PM : Trask June release
: Trask June release 5:12 PM : Trask 2011 core set. 60 card intro deck .
Increased from 40 .
: Trask 2011 core set. 60 card intro deck .
Increased from 40 .
5:12 PM : Haaldaar
: Haaldaar 5:13 PM
: Trask Releases 7-11-2010
: Trask Releases 7-11-2010 5:18 PM
: Trask Focus on Friday Night Magic events
: Trask Focus on Friday Night Magic events 5:18 PM : Haaldaar
: Haaldaar 5:19 PM
: Trask Added store locator to Magic articles on web site
: Trask Added store locator to Magic articles on web site 5:20 PM : Trask Magic will shift focus to multiplayer games .
Archenemy and Planeswalker
: Trask Magic will shift focus to multiplayer games .
Archenemy and Planeswalker 5:21 PM : Haaldaar
: Haaldaar 5:21 PM
: Trask PT San Juan will have Archenemy preview .
: Trask PT San Juan will have Archenemy preview .
5:23 PM : Haaldaar
: Haaldaar 5:23 PM
: Trask D&D section starts
: Trask D&D section starts 5:24 PM : Haaldaar
: Haaldaar 5:25 PM
: Trask 1.5 million players .
24 million lapsed players
: Trask 1.5 million players .
24 million lapsed players 5:25 PM : Haaldaar
: Haaldaar 5:25 PM
: Trask August is the Dark Sun release
: Trask August is the Dark Sun release 5:26 PM : Haaldaar
: Haaldaar 5:26 PM
: Trask D&D redbox returns
: Trask D&D redbox returns 5:27 PM : Haaldaar
: Haaldaar 5:28 PM
: Haaldaar
: Haaldaar 5:28 PM
: Trask Changing the way people enter the game .
: Trask Changing the way people enter the game .
5:28 PM : Trask Red Box is a complete game experience .
: Trask Red Box is a complete game experience .
5:30 PM : Trask After Red Box is the DM kit followed by Monster Vault that includes monster tiles
: Trask After Red Box is the DM kit followed by Monster Vault that includes monster tiles 5:30 PM : Trask
New books are trade paperback .
Cheaper for new players
: Trask New books are trade paperback .
Cheaper for new players 5:32 PM : Haaldaar
All of the new D&D Essentials will have new material .
Not a reprint of existing product .
: Haaldaar
All of the new D&D Essentials will have new material .
Not a reprint of existing product .
5:33 PM : Trask
The old hardback books are still supported .
: Trask
The old hardback books are still supported .
5:34 PM : Haaldaar
No rules changes .
This is still 4.0
: Haaldaar
No rules changes .
This is still 4.0 5:37 PM : Haaldaar D&D tiles will move to core sets for what everyone needs then expansions to add new stuff .
No need fr more releases with empty cooridors .
: Haaldaar D&D tiles will move to core sets for what everyone needs then expansions to add new stuff .
No need fr more releases with empty cooridors .
5:38 PM : Trask
D&d board games .
Coop play
: Trask D&d board games .
Coop play 5:38 PM : Haaldaar
: Haaldaar 5:39 PM
: Trask Board games use similar rules and have the ability to use each others parts
: Trask Board games use similar rules and have the ability to use each others parts 5:39 PM : Haaldaar Castle Ravenloft the board game .
Haaldaars loves him some Ravenloft .
: Haaldaar Castle Ravenloft the board game .
Haaldaars loves him some Ravenloft .
5:40 PM : Trask Board games use miniature sculpts from the d&d mini games .
They are monochrome , not painted
: Trask Board games use miniature sculpts from the d&d mini games .
They are monochrome , not painted 5:40 PM : Haaldaar
: Haaldaar 5:41 PM
: Trask Lords of Madness miniature set .
Fully random .
Comes out late this year .
: Trask Lords of Madness miniature set .
Fully random .
Comes out late this year .
5:41 PM : Haaldaar Moving away from the visable figure .
Only one release now planned per year .
60 figures in set .
1 huge 5 random per pack .
: Haaldaar Moving away from the visable figure .
Only one release now planned per year .
60 figures in set .
1 huge 5 random per pack .
5:42 PM : Trask Gargantuan Orcus $ 75.00
: Trask Gargantuan Orcus $ 75.00 5:43 PM
: Haaldaar $ 75 gargantuon Orcus .
“ Super Exclusive ” to bring up demand .
Hobby stores only .
: Haaldaar $ 75 gargantuon Orcus .
“ Super Exclusive ” to bring up demand .
Hobby stores only .
5:43 PM : Trask Tightly controlled release of Orcus .
Hobby shops only .
No Barnes and Noble release .
: Trask Tightly controlled release of Orcus .
Hobby shops only .
No Barnes and Noble release .
5:45 PM : Haaldaar
: Haaldaar 5:47 PM
: Trask Talking about dnd encounters setup .
It will be run in seasons and one season will be a Dark Sun preview .
: Trask Talking about dnd encounters setup .
It will be run in seasons and one season will be a Dark Sun preview .
5:48 PM : Trask Gamma World for 4E
: Trask Gamma World for 4E 5:48 PM : Haaldaar WPN stores will get D&D product 10 days earlier then other channels ( I.e. Amazon.com )
: Haaldaar WPN stores will get D&D product 10 days earlier then other channels ( I.e. Amazon.com ) 5:49 PM : Haaldaar WOTC will be working hard to build and maintain game days in the stores .
: Haaldaar WOTC will be working hard to build and maintain game days in the stores .
5:50 PM : Haaldaar
No more promo minis from WOTC .
Too expensive with there scaling back on the mini line .
: Haaldaar
No more promo minis from WOTC .
Too expensive with there scaling back on the mini line .
5:55 PM : Haaldaar
: Haaldaar 5:55 PM
: Trask
: Trask 5:55 PM : Haaldaar
: Haaldaar 5:55 PM
: Trask
: Trask 5:57 PM : Haaldaar Meeting is over .
If anyone has questions , please comment and we will try to get answers .
Thanks for watching !
Mr. Finn , the chief petty officer in charge of munitions at the naval station and a veteran of 15 years in the Navy , was in bed in a nearby apartment with his wife , Alice .
He heard the sound of aircraft , saw one plane flash past his window , then another , and he heard machine guns .
He dressed hurriedly , and drove to the naval station .
At first , he observed the base ’s 20 miles - per - hour speed limit .
But then , “ I heard a plane come roaring in from astern of me , ” he recalled decades later in an interview with Larry Smith for “ Beyond Glory , ” an oral history of Medal of Honor recipients .
“ As I glanced up , the guy made a wing - over , and I saw that big old red meatball , the rising sun insignia , on the underside of the wing .
Well , I threw it into second and it ’s a wonder I did n’t run over every sailor in the air station . ”
When Chief Finn arrived at the hangars , many of the planes had already been hit .
He recalled that he grabbed a .30 - caliber machine gun on a makeshift tripod , carried it to an exposed area near a runway and began firing .
For the next two and a half hours , he blazed away , although peppered by shrapnel as the Japanese planes strafed the runways with cannon fire .
Image John W. Finn , with his wife , Alice , was awarded the Medal of Honor during ceremonies at Pearl Harbor in 1942 .
Credit ... U.S. Navy , via Associated Press
As he remembered it : “ I got shot in the left arm and shot in the left foot , broke the bone .
I had shrapnel blows in my chest and belly and right elbow and right thumb .
Some were just scratches .
My scalp got cut , and everybody thought I was dying : Oh , Christ , the old chief had the top of his head knocked off !
I had 28 , 29 holes in me that were bleeding .
I was walking around on one heel .
I was barefooted on that coral dust .
My left arm did n’t work .
It was just a big ball hanging down . ”
Show full PR text
Boeing Unveils Unmanned Phantom Ray Demonstrator
ST . LOUIS , May 10 , 2010 -- The Boeing Company [ NYSE : BA ] today unveiled the fighter - sized Phantom Ray unmanned airborne system , a test bed for advanced technologies .
" We are on a fast track , and first flight is in sight , " said Darryl Davis , president of Boeing Phantom Works .
" Phantom Ray is on schedule to fly in December , about two years after this project began .
This is a tremendous accomplishment for Boeing and the Phantom Ray team . "
Phantom Ray is scheduled to begin taxi tests this summer .
The first flight in December will be followed by up to nine additional flights over approximately six months .
Phantom Ray is designed to support potential missions that may include intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance ; suppression of enemy air defenses ; electronic attack ; strike ; and autonomous aerial refueling .
" The initial flights will take Phantom Ray through its paces for the flight test profile .
Beyond that , the missions and systems tested will be determined by future warfighter needs , " said Craig Brown , Phantom Ray program manager for Boeing .
Phantom Ray , which evolved from the X - 45C program , is one of several programs in the Phantom Works division of Boeing Defense , Space & Security .
Phantom
Works uses rapid prototyping initiatives to design , develop and build advanced aircraft and then demonstrate their capabilities .
Key Phantom Ray suppliers include General Electric - Aviation ( propulsion and power distribution ) , Honeywell ( brake system ) , Woodward - HRT ( flight control actuation system ) , Crane Hydro - Aire ( brake controls ) and Heroux - Devtek ( landing gear ) .
For a feature story on today 's Phantom Ray ceremony in St. Louis , visit http://bit.ly/99AvLS.
A unit of The Boeing Company , Boeing Defense , Space & Security is one of the world 's largest defense , space and security businesses specializing in innovative and capabilities - driven customer solutions , and the world 's largest and most versatile manufacturer of military aircraft .
Headquartered in St. Louis , Boeing Defense , Space & Security is a $ 34 billion business with 68,000 employees worldwide .
Newt Wants Gov’t Shutdown … Those Who Forget The Past Are Condemned To Repeat It …
Since more Republicans are conceding the full repeal of health reform is unlikely to occur on President Obama ’s watch , Gingrich offered a two - tiered approach that is becoming increasingly popular among conservatives :
Here ’s my promise : …
When we win control of the House and Senate this fall , Stage One of the end of Obamaism will be a new Republican Congress in January that simply refuses to fund any of the radical efforts .
Once upon a time , I used to be Speaker of the House and I actually understand the legislative process .
And the truth is , under our Constitution , the Congress does n’t have to pass the money .
If EPA gets no budget , it ca n’t enforce cap - and - trade .
So Stage One of Obamaism being gone is to simply win this fall and not fund it for two years .
Stage
Two is …to ensure Obama joins Jimmy Carter in the tradition of one - party presidents .
And , that in that context , that we be prepared to commit that a Republican President and a Republican Congress in February and March of 2013 will repeal every radical bill passed by this machine .
Gingrich ’s remarks were met with roars of approval from the right - wing crowd at the Southern Republican Leadership Conference in April 2010 .
Gingrich is recycling from his old playbook .
As Salon ’s Mike Madden describes the “ new ” strategy , “ In other words , shut down the government . ”
For approximately three weeks in the winter of 1995 , Gingrich orchestrated a shutdown of the entire federal government by refusing to fund its operations , either by passing a budget or a continuing resolution .
CNN reported at the time , “ The current shutdown began at midnight Friday , when Congress did not extend a temporary spending measure put in place after the last closure . ”
Newt ’s budget showdown with President Clinton caused the former Speaker significant political damage .
His personal disapproval ratings reached a high of 65 percent .
Former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay ( R - TX ) criticized Gingrich ’s handling of the shutdown , saying he “ made the mistake of his life . ”
It ’s a mistake that Gingrich appears willing to make again .
As Dave Weigel notes , “ Gingrich proposing the same endgame as ” Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R- MN ) .
She told G. Gordon Liddy this week , “ I support the House of Representatives defunding Obamacare so that the bill is denied the funds it needs in order to be able to work . ”
Jed Lewinson notes that Gingrich acknowledged in 1996 that his shutdown strategy failed .
The New York Times reported , “ Speaker Newt Gingrich acknowledged in a recent interview , ‘ our strategy failed ’ because Mr. Clinton and his allies , instead of surrendering and making a budget deal , ‘ were tougher than I thought they would be . ’ ”
From Teeluck … Quite simply , those who forget the past are condemed to repeat it …we cannot afford to re-elect the “ Republican Recession Making Party ” ( The RRMP ) …
This is what they have planned to do .
Original article on ThinkProgress.org by Faiz Shakir
If you look above , at that cleverly designed banner at the top of the page , you ’ll notice the little bunny to the left .
That ’s me .
It has been for decades now .
It ’s really so I can do a “ self portrait ” and not have to make it look anything like me …I ’m simply always the bunny in the story , no questions .
If there ARE questions , I usually tell people it ’s because I played Harvey in a high school stage production of the famous play about the giant rabbit ( I played the actual rabbit , not Elwood P. Dowd ) , and that often satisfies the curious …clearly folks who ain’t seen the play .
At any rate , over the years I ’ve done a series of autobiographical stories , often called “ HONEST TO GOD TRUE LIFE ADVENTURES ” , for various publications , and since they ’ve never been collected , I thought I ’d run some of them here , and share them with the untold dozens of readers who frequent this page .
Here ’s the first installment , one that used to hang up in my editor ’s office at DC .
Ty the Guy
To share post :
While most of us continue to have mad love and respect for the golden age of " The Simpsons " -- whatever you consider that to be -- most of us would probably agree that this golden age is not currently taking place , and may not be watching the new episodes every Sunday as we once did before .
And so you may not have noticed that yesterday , the classic animated series temporarily replaced its long - running theme song with the underage drinking anthem " Tik Tok " by trash 'n glitter pop star Ke$ha .
Possibly this is all part of Fox 's plan to be " So Brash .
So Bold .
So Fresh , " and I can see how some fans might completely hate this -- I really do -- but c'mon : I think we already passed the point where " The Simpsons " could be accused of selling out about a decade ago , and now it 's practically subtext .
More importantly :
Is that Mike Tyson / Drederick Tatum lifting up the couch at the end ?
And did we know Dr. Hibbert could breakdance like that ?
Check it out after the jump .
Daniel Reese , a 21 year old artist , who customizes sneakers and charges a heck of a lot for every single one of them ( $ 260 ) , has started a new range of sneakers inspired by video games .
The ‘ sneaker freaker ’ as he likes to call himself enjoys customizing sneakers from sole to laces inspired from varying fields like films , comics , web and gaming .
There is no doubt that the sneakers look sick but you ’ll have to wait atleast 4 - 6 weeks if you order one right now .
Visit his online store for more info .
Vote a maximum of 25 times .
Voting ends at 11:59 PM ET on Thursday , July 1 , 2010 .
In each league , fans can select one player for each infield position and up to three outfielders .
For the American League , fans can also vote for a designated hitter .
To vote for a player , click to the left of his name .
" Write - in " votes may be entered in the area provided at the bottom of each voting page .
A maximum of 25 ballots may be submitted per person .
Email address must be valid .
Ballots generated by a script , macro or other mechanical or automated means will be disqualified .
MLB Advanced Media , L.P. reserves the right to validate all Online Ballots cast , and to invalidate any ballot in its discretion .
Overall ballot tabulation is conducted by TMC Group .
The Office of the Commissioner of Baseball will have final decision on all balloting matters .
Use of the Online Ballot is subject to the MLB.com Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .
The online and offline fan balloting program will determine the eight position players in each league , and the designated hitter for the American League , who will start the 2010 All - Star Game .
Each MLB team nominated one player for each infield position , and three for the outfield , at the start of the season .
Vote totals follow a player , meaning if a player is listed on a league ballot , and switches leagues or teams , his totals will follow him to the new league or team .
From Sunday , July 4 to Thursday , July 8 , be sure to return to MLB.com and cast your 2010 All - Star Game Final Vote Sponsored by Sprint for the final player for each League 's All - Star roster .
Finally , on Tuesday , July 13 , 2010 watch the 2010 All - star Game live on FOX and come to MLB.com to submit your choice for the Ted Williams Most Valuable Player Award presented by Chevrolet via the 2010 All - Star Game MVP Vote Sponsored by Sprint .
© 2010 MLB Advanced Media , L.P. All Rights Reserved .
Married couple Sandra and Todd Foster live in separate houses on the same property .
Their profile in the Times verges on obnoxion ( Todd 's " man-cave ? ? " ) — but their arrangement actually sounds pretty awesome .
Advertisement
Back in 2008 , Helena Bonham - Carter said of her two - home marriage to Tim Burton , " to me it makes complete sense : if you 've got some money , and you can afford it , why not have your own space ? "
But the Fosters actually do n't have much money —
Todd is currently out of work , and the home they share is a trailer .
Each , however , also has a personal space .
For Todd , that would be a " man-cave " — a shed with a TV , cooking supplies , and what the Times 's Joyce Wadler implies are some butt - ugly baby pheasants .
And for Sandra , it 's a cottage that looks like a grownup dollhouse , complete with " lavender blush white petunias in a window box and lace curtains . "
Inside , Sandra 's cottage looks like a wedding cake — and Todd is apparently the kind of guy who collects tractors .
Gender stereotypes aside , these do seem like a pair who could use separate spheres .
Helena Bonham Carter Really Likes Her Personal Space The Sweeney Todd press machine may have petered out in the US , but it is going strong in the UK , … Read more
Advertisement
The Fosters are hardly an everycouple ( for instance , they had a Renaissance - themed wedding for which Todd made 19 cloaks ) .
But maybe their arrangement deserves to be more popular .
Less famous folks than Burton and Bonham - Carter have made it work — one friend of mine knows a couple who live in separate countries for reasons of work and personal preference , visit each other frequently , and are by all accounts happy .
Obviously , for many a shared living space is a financial or childrearing necessity .
And for others , the benefits of togetherness outweigh the annoyances of compromise .
But to me , a living situation where each person can retreat to a private space whenever necessary , to get a little privacy or recharge the flame of love with a tiny bit of scarcity , sounds pretty cool .
And it would be especially cool if I was married to a guy who collected tractors .
In The Catskills , Comfort In A Gingerbread House [ NYT ]
Despite a massive Los Angeles police presence Thursday night , sporadic violence broke out near Staples Center after the Lakers defeated the Boston Celtics in the NBA Finals .
FOR THE RECORD :
Lakers celebration violence :
An article in Friday ’s LATExtra section about violence near Staples Center after the Lakers defeated the Boston Celtics on Thursday in the NBA Finals gave the wrong name for a restaurant where fans had gathered , hoping to glimpse the game on a television inside .
It was La Bella Cucina , not La Bella Covina . —
Crowds hurled bottles and other objects at police , smashed marquees , jumped on vehicles , broke windows , and set rubbish dumpsters and vehicles on fire along Figueroa Street north of Staples Center and on Flower Street .
Police fired non-lethal rounds to disperse the crowd at Figueroa and Venice Boulevard after several small fires were set , as well as at 11th and Hope streets .
At 7th and Flower , a car believed to be a taxicab was engulfed in flames .
At least one person was beaten unconscious as fights broke out on Flower Street near Olympic Boulevard .
A bicyclist was injured when struck by a Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department vehicle near 11th and Flower streets , according to the LAPD .
In all , there were multiple injuries but no loss of life , officials said .
One police officer suffered a broken nose .
As night wore on , fire crews responded to many rubbish fires and some vehicle fires , according to the Los Angeles Fire Department .
The LAPD declared an unlawful assembly moments after the game ended .
Hundreds of officers in patrol cars , on foot and on horseback moved in to clear streets and break up the crowds .
At least 12 people were arrested for crimes including public drunkenness , vandalism and inciting a riot .
One person was arrested for assault on a police officer , authorities said .
Several dozen people rushed onto the 10 Freeway near Figueroa and Washington boulevards , disrupting traffic , the California Highway Patrol said .
At 8th and Figueroa , Lakers fans and a phalanx of more than two dozen police , wearing riot gear and wielding batons , faced off .
The stand - off began when a bunch of fans tore down a traffic sign and then ripped out two newspaper stands and lighted the papers on fire .
When the police marched up Figueroa , about two dozen abreast , the crowd slowly receded .
Some people were throwing energy drinks , which had been passed out for free after the win .
Others posed for photos in front of the line of police .
A group of overzealous fans began smashing the windows of a black Honda and trying to turn it over .
Others protested the violence : “ You is n’t from L.A . !
This is L.A. No burning ! ” one person in a Kobe Bryant jersey shouted .
The YMCA at 11th and Olive Street was vandalized as taggers marked graffiti up and down the side of a wall .
Another person upended a traffic sign and bashed in several windows .
That was too much for two men .
“ It ’s getting too hot , dog , ” one of them said to his friend .
“ Let ’s bounce ! ”
The LAPD reported that things seemed to be calming down after 11 p.m .
In 2000 , the LAPD was criticized after mayhem erupted following the Lakers ’ championship victory .
Roaming mobs torched vehicles and looted and vandalized businesses near Staples Center with seeming impunity .
The department fared better after last year ’s championship but still needed a few hours to gain control of rowdy fans .
Top LAPD officials had vowed to do things differently this year and relied , in part , on a strategy of keeping large groups from roaming the area around Staples Center .
As the Lakers battled the Celtics in the first half , crowds began to form at the Nokia Theatre plaza across from Staples Center .
Witnesses said the LAPD was quick to respond when the throng began to grow .
A black - and - white police cruiser drove through the middle of the plaza , splitting the crowd as officers on foot began to move people from the area , according to diners at nearby restaurants .
“ It was controlled chaos .
They blocked them and pinched them so everyone had to leave out the same side , ” said John Hall of Bakersfield , who watched the scene unfold from the ESPN Zone .
With the plaza area cleared , officers shut down Figueroa Street at Olympic Boulevard to pedestrian traffic .
About 100 people gathered at the corner after they were stopped from heading south toward Staples Center .
Some of them crowded the window at La Bella Covina restaurant , trying to watch the game on a television inside .
Police patrol cars lined Chick Hearn Plaza .
Two trucks of police in riot gear and another group of officers on horseback lined up along Figueroa and Olympic as people assembled nearby .
Meanwhile , inspectors with the Los Angeles Fire Department were checking bars to ensure they had not exceeded maximum capacity .
sam.allen@latimes.com
kate.linthicum@latimes.com
Times staff writers Joel Rubin , Robert J. Lopez , Ruben Vives , Paloma Esquivel , Andrew Blankstein , Robert Faturechi , Abby Sewell and Hector Becerra contributed to this report .
A big Hollywood movie is nothing nowadays without a " mockbuster " - that is according to the owners of independent production company The Asylum .
Image caption David Rimawi ( l ) and Paul Bales come to Cannes every year
The " mockbuster " is a film based on the story of a big blockbuster movie , which is cheaper , shorter and is usually released straight - to - DVD long before the original is anywhere close to coming out in the shops .
" Lets just say it 's a compliment when you 're ' mockbusted ' , " says David Rimawi , one of the partners of the Los Angeles firm .
" We 're porn without the good parts , " jokes Paul Bales , his partner of more than 20 years .
The businessmen have known each other since the age of eight and started making films together four years later when Bales was given a video camera for Christmas .
Some of the titles they are best known for include Transmorphers , which was based on Michael Bay 's big budget movie Transformers , and The Da Vinci Treasure , which took its name from The Da Vinci Code , directed by Ron Howard and starring Tom Hanks .
If you have never seen one before , Bales himself says their stories can be " outrageous " .
He adds : " Admittedly the concepts themselves are ridiculous , but they 're played totally straight and I think that is one of the reasons why they work .
It 's not our intention at all to fool the audience .
David Rimawi , The Asylum , David Rimawi , The Asylum
" It 's very difficult to try to make a cult film and I think that if you try to take it seriously then the whole concept plays itself out . "
But , in the era when lawsuits are rife - particularly in the US - how does this small independent company avoid legal action ?
" We have lots of cease and desist letters , " laughs Rimawi .
" They are threatened lawsuits from some of the most serious studios that basically say ' stop doing this or we will destroy you ' . "
But as yet , the company has avoided the court room .
Instead deals and " pay - offs are made behind closed doors " , Rimawi says .
" We get down to the details , like what does the artwork look like , what font is used for the titles and we find a way to work together , " he adds .
" It 's not our intention at all to fool the audience , but we found that there is a market for satisfying the need to see a similar type of movie on the video platform . "
Image caption
The Asylum made their own version of the blockbuster hit Transformers
The pair have come to the Cannes Film Festival - as they do every year - to meet with clients and agree future projects .
Rimawi points out that " if you 're in the independent movie business then being at Cannes is essential " .
And , so far , their fruitful visit has been worth all the jet lag and volcanic ash cloud worry .
An average cost of one of their movies is about $ 500,000 ( £ 346,000 ) , which is a fraction of the budget of a Hollywood movie .
So while big names are never attached to their projects , both insist A - list stars are not the appeal to this niche market .
" Some people do n't go to the cinema , " Bales says .
Genre movies
" If they 're not going to go to the cinema , then they do n't want to wait months for the video release of a film they want to see .
They want to see something now .
" My belief is that if you 're a fan of genre movies - if you like movies about giant transforming robots - you 're going to want to see every movie there is about giant transforming robots .
" I do n't think that we 're tricking people into renting our movies , I think the people who say that do n't give enough credit to the audience .
I think people are smart enough to pick up a video box or look on the internet and see what the difference is , they just like our content . "
He even reckons that sometimes their fans say their versions " are better " than the real thing .
" There are many fans of HG Wells ' work who appreciated our War of the Worlds film more and felt that ours was truer than the Paramount version , " he says .
Image caption
Their version of Sherlock Holmes featured dinosaurs and dragons
" Likewise , we released a movie called Sherlock Holmes at the end of last year and Warner Brothers put theirs out too .
A lot of people said ours was better .
They certainly said that ours was closer to the ideas of the original , even though ours has dinosaurs and dragons and robots in it . "
Bales says they have become an " internet sensation " and last year at Cannes a deal was made which saw MTV premiere the trailer to their movie Mega Shark vs Giant Octopus .
" Within the first day something like two million people had downloaded the trailer , " Bales says .
" It really took on a life of its own and was a big hit for us in the States .
It did very well in the UK , Australia , Japan and we found out that it premiered in France on television on Christmas Day and was a gigantic hit , so it was our Christmas gift to France . "
Both men are passionate about their jobs and insist that if Hollywood came knocking on their doors , neither of them would leave the company to work on more mainstream projects .
" Never , I would never leave , " says Bales .
" We 're getting to do what we want to do .
We make the films that we want to make and we decide when we come in , in the morning .
" None of us are rich , and we'd like the studios to know that , but we 're making a living and most importantly we 're doing what we love . "
A panel of federal judges ruled Wednesday that New York City can keep secret about 1,800 pages of records detailing the Police Department ’s surveillance and tactical strategy in advance of protests at the 2004 Republican National Convention .
In reversing a lower court decision , the three - judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit sided with the department ’s position that releasing the documents could compromise future surveillance efforts , including those centered on terrorism suspects .
Releasing the documents “ could undermine the safety of law enforcement personnel and would likely undermine the ability of a law enforcement agency to conduct future investigations , ” according to the 43 - page decision , written by Judge José A. Cabranes , whom President Bill Clinton appointed .
He was joined in the ruling by Judges Debra A. Livingston and Richard C. Wesley , both appointees of President George W. Bush .
The ruling appears to end a battle over the documents that lasted more than three years and comes amid a case that represents the largest legal challenge to the powers extended to the police since the Sept. 11 attack .
Initially , the issue was full disclosure of evidence amid depositions in federal lawsuits brought by the New York Civil Liberties Union against the city .
As Barbara Morrill mentioned yesterday on the subject of gays in the military , the American people are far ahead of the politicians .
Our elected and military leaders perhaps need to be reminded , but as CNN reported :
Most Americans say people who are openly gay should be allowed to serve in the U.S. military , according to a new national poll .
A CNN / Opinion Research Corporation survey released Tuesday indicates that 78 percent of the public supports allowing openly gay people to serve in the military , with one in five opposed .
" Support is widespread , even among Republicans .
Nearly six in ten Republicans favor allowing openly gay individuals to serve in the military , " says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland .
" There is a gender gap , with 85 percent of women and 71 percent of men favoring the change , but support remains high among both groups . "
Even more strikingly , a look at the poll itself ( pdf ) reveals that support for gays serving openly in the military has remained roughly steady , since 2007 .
Support polled at 79 % , in May of that year , and it was at 81 % , in December , 2008 .
The Senate Armed Services Committee is scheduled to vote on repealing DADT , on Thursday .
As Clarknt67 made clear , this bill is far from ideal .
But it is a step in the right direction .
And despite that , supposedly moderate Massachusetts Republican Scott Brown opposes it .
On the other hand , conservative Democrat Ben Nelson now says he will vote for it .
The partisan divide could not be more clear .
As the poll shows , our elected officials do n't need to worry about political cover , for doing what 's right .
The people are leading .
It 's time for our leaders to follow .
( Check out Drdemocrat 's recommended diary for additional discussion . )
“ John Digweed hits the decks for another Essential Mix . ”
Check out other Essential mixes in my archive and subscribe to the feed to get good music in the future .
You can also follow Core News on Facebook and Twitter .
BBC Radio 1 Essential Mix 2010 05 29 John Digweed [ Depositfiles download ]
Tracklist :
1.Digital Dirty Doering â€ ” Loco ( Vince Watson Ambient )
2.Digital Dirty Doering â€ ” Loco ( D- Func Remix )
3.Darko Esser â€ ” Bofkont ( King Roc Remix )
4.Kev Obrien â€ ” Valentines & 909 `S ( Manik Remix )
5.Triangle â€ ” 5 / We Found It ( Feat .
Mark Ridout ) ( King Unique Remix )
6.Juspio â€ ” Frozen Light ( Chris Fortier 40 % Remix )
7.Chaim â€ ” Love Rehab ( Dub )
8.Loco Dice â€ ” Definition ( Nic Fanciulli )
9.Flavio Diaz & Kaiserdisco â€ ” Jaune
10 . Gmj â€ ” First There Was Sound ( Jamie Stevens Remix )
11.TDR â€ ” Squelch ( Koen Groeneveld Remix )
12.Danilo Vigorito â€ ” Primal Scream
13 . Pryda â€ ” Tumble
14.Ian O`Donovan â€ ” Aurora
15 . Pryda â€ ” Untitled
16 . Slam â€ ” Room 2 ( Pan Pot Rave Tool )
17 .Humanio â€ ” Life
18.John Digweed & Nick Muir â€ ” Meteor
19 . Abe Duque â€ ” Hypocrisy ( John Digweed & Nick Muir Remix )
20 . Secret Cinema â€ ” Glad Chord ( Psycatron Remix )
21. Marco Bailey & Tom Hades â€ ” Brabant
22. Luis Junior â€ ” Bg
Help keeping the site running - Support Core News :)
Bicyclist Steve Wheen Creates Pothole Gardens to Keep Roads Safe
Bicyclist Steve
Wheen was worried about bicyclists getting hurt driving over London 's potholes , so he made them impossible to miss by planting flowers .
Potholes can be a pain for drivers , but they can be an even more serious hazard to bicyclists , who often get into serious accidents when riding over hidden potholes in the road .
Steve
Wheen , a 33 - year - old cyclist from London , had nearly flipped his bike several times because of potholes , and was fed up with the state of the roads .
So this spring , Wheen decided to do something about it .
Armed with some flowers , soil , and a shovel , Wheen began doing some gardening — right in the worst of the potholes .
He carefully filled in each pothole with soil and flowers , and then took a photo of his work , posting the images on his blog , thepotholegardener.com .
Wheen ’s guerrilla gardening helps to satisfy his green thumb tendencies : “ I ’m a mad keen gardener but I live in a small flat without a garden , ” he told Metro .
But more than that , his pothole flower pots are intended to make a point about the state of the roads by making cyclists aware of the potholes so that they can avoid taking a spill , and by alerting city officials to their presence so that they can be filled .
Wheen ’s urban gardens do n’t always last for long , especially on busy roads : his initial effort was flattened by a car within just two hours .
Three weeks is his longest record .
“ But , if I can draw a cyclist ’s attention to a pothole so that they do n’t hit it , and put a smile on their face , that is enough for me , ” said Wheen .
Check out Wheen ’s photo shoots on his website , thepotholegardener.com .
By John Sudworth
BBC News , Seoul
A new star appeared in the sky when Kim Jong - il was born , biographers say North Korea has announced that it has made significant progress towards the development of thermo-nuclear power .
It is a claim that is likely to be met with some scepticism .
Despite hopes that the technology can produce large quantities of cheap , clean energy , no country has so far succeeded in making it work .
North Korea is one of the world 's poorest countries and struggles to generate enough electricity for lighting and other basic needs .
The statement , carried by North Korea 's official state media , said the country 's scientists had succeeded in carrying out nuclear fusion .
Laboratory demonstrations of the process , known to release large amounts of energy , are nothing new .
But the North Koreans appear to be claiming to have gone much further , by building what they describe as a " unique thermo - nuclear reaction device " .
' Highly unlikely '
The dream of overcoming the huge technical challenges to make nuclear fusion commercially viable has so far eluded scientists in Europe , America and China , but they continue to try because the prize is so great : a cheap and abundant source of energy with little environmental impact .
North Korea 's claim that it has completed the fundamental research , putting the technology within its grasp , will be dismissed as highly unlikely unless concrete evidence is produced .
Pyongyang says its latest scientific breakthrough coincides with the birthday of the country 's founder , and eternal president Kim Il - sung - not the first time it seems that the laws of nature have been bent in his honour .
According to official biographies , when his son , the current leader Kim Jong - il was born , a new star appeared in the sky .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The junk food generation : British children getting fatter at twice the rate of Americans
A shocking picture of the way children are gorging themselves on sweets , chocolates and snacks was revealed yesterday .
They are getting fat almost twice as quickly as American youngsters as they eat double the amount of sugary and savoury treats .
The disturbing figures suggest that Government efforts to turn back the tide of obesity overwhelming the country 's children are failing .
Obese : British children eat double the amount of sugary and savoury treats as their American peers ( file picture )
Independent research company Datamonitor said average annual spending on sweets and chocolates for children in this country is £ 372 - equivalent to around 850 Mars bars .
That is more than double the £ 150 for American youngsters .
The amount spent on savoury snacks such as crisps is put at £ 73.24 in the UK , compared with £ 39.51 in the U.S .
British children also eat more sugary breakfast cereals , ice cream and ready meals .
More than one in three British children aged five to 13 are already overweight or obese .
But that figure is predicted to soar at a rate of 2.1 per cent a year through to 2014 , far higher than the 1.3 per cent annual rise expected for the U.S .
And by 2014 , some 38.6 per cent of UK youngsters - a total of 2.5 million - will be too heavy .
The study comes despite a series of promises by food companies to improve their ingredients and reduce portion sizes of chocolate bars , fast food and crisps .
It will reawaken fears after MPs warned in 2004 that children were ' choking on their own fat ' and said they would be ' the first generation to die before their parents as a consequence of obesity ' .
The MPs on the Health Select Committee painted a woeful picture of large numbers of people being disfigured and blinded by weight - related diseases such as diabetes .
' The sight of amputees will become much more familiar in the streets , ' it said .
' There will be many more blind people .
There will be huge demand for kidney dialysis . '
Kidney failure , blindness and amputations can all result from diabetes .
Sweet tooth : Datamonitor said average annual spending on confectionery for children in the UK is £ 372 - equivalent to around 850 Mars bars
Social changes may be largely responsible for rising childhood obesity .
For example , with more mothers going out to work or unused to cooking , children often live on takeaways or ready meals .
If they are looked after by grandparents , they may be indulged with unhealthy treats .
An analysis of 12,000 three - year - olds suggested the risk of being overweight was 34 per cent higher if grandparents cared for them full time .
At the same time youngsters are taking less exercise but spending more time watching TV , playing computer games and on the internet .
Jackie Schneider , of the Children 's Food Campaign , said : ' Childhood obesity is a very worrying trend .
However we can do something about it .
' Banning junk food advertising on TV before the 9 pm watershed , using traffic light labelling on food packaging and increasing eligibility of free school meals are effective ways of changing children 's eating habits .
' Initiatives such as providing fresh drinking water in parks would also help children and families to make healthier choices .
' The problem we face is that many of these solutions are opposed by the food industry who see them as a threat to their profits .
We need the Government to put the long - term health of our children first . '
However the Food and Drink Federation , which speaks for manufacturers , rejected the Datamonitor predictions .
Spokesman Julian
Hunt said Department of Health figures published earlier this year appear to show the historical rise in obesity levels among young children had ' levelled off ' .
He said : ' Nobody is being complacent .
We agree that childhood obesity levels are still too high in the UK and we look forward to working in partnership with the new Government on any initiatives designed to help consumers of all ages lead healthier lives . '
He said other studies suggested that fewer snacks and chocolate bars were now being bought .
Terror cases has WH considering citizenship process , official says
By Anne E. Kornblut
Warning that would - be terrorists are " hiding within our midst , " White House counterterrorism adviser John Brennan said Tuesday night that President Obama will not allow potential attackers to use U.S. citizenship as a shield - and that the naturalization process is being looked at to see if there can be improvements .
Brennan also said that a new high - value detainee interrogation group , known as the HIG , had been deployed to question recent terrorism suspects , including the naturalized citizen who allegedly tried to detonate a car bomb in Times Square .
The group 's resources were also used in the questioning of a suspect who sought to down an airline on Christmas Day , he said .
Brennan said that , while the rise in terrorism from people with easy access to the United States is being closely watched , it is important not to overreact " so we become xenophobic . "
But he did suggest that U.S. officials might not treat American citizens with terrorist aims any differently than they would suspects captured abroad .
" Individuals should n't be able to hide behind their U.S. passports , behind their U.S. citizenship , " Brennan said at a dinner hosted by the Nixon Center , a Washington think tank .
" There are certain laws that govern how we deal with U.S. persons and U.S. citizens and those laws are adhered to , but if we were to give U.S. persons ... a pass simply because of the passport they hold or their place of birth , we would be making the American people ... more vulnerable to those attacks . "
Raising the idea of recent proposals in Congress to strip terrorism suspects of their citizenship , Brennan said such efforts might do little to prevent attacks because they would punish suspects only after the fact .
Furthermore , he said , sending someone to prison for life has the same practical effect as stripping away the rights of U.S. citizens .
Still , he described the issues as " important and legitimate questions that honest people can have very different views of . "
In remarks that focused largely on the administration 's counterterrorism strategy , Brennan publicly confirmed that national security adviser James Jones and CIA Director Leon Panetta are in Pakistan talking to officials about Faisal Shahzad , the suspect captured after a failed car bomb attempt in Times Square on May 1 .
He said that the administration 's newly created interrogation program was used to interrogate Shahzad , as well as the attempted airline attacker , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab .
Although the group had not been fully activated by the time Abdulmutallab was taken into custody on Christmas Day , some of its participants did gain access to him eventually .
" These mobile interrogation teams have been deployed on multiple occasions , " Brennan said .
NAIROBI , Kenya , April 29 ( UPI ) -- Rich Arab states such as Saudi Arabia have bought huge tracts of land across Africa in recent years in a bid to combat global food shortages , water scarcity and desertification and feed their burgeoning populations .
But now the scramble for Africa is intensifying , with investment banks , hedge funds , commodity traders , sovereign wealth funds , corporations and business tycoons out to grab some of the world 's cheapest land -- for profit .
Advertisement
China has leased 6.91 million acres in the Democratic Republic of Congo for the world 's largest oil palm plantation .
South Korea 's Daewoo conglomerate planned to buy 2.9 million acres of Madagascar until the deal collapsed when rioters toppled the Indian Ocean island 's government .
" Philippe Heilberg , CEO of the New York - based investment fund Jarch Capital ... has leased between 998,000 and 2.47 million acres in southern Sudan from the warlord Paulino Matip , " Le Monde Diplomatique reported .
" Foreign direct investment in agriculture is the boardroom euphemism for the new land grab and those promoting the grab spin it as a win-win situation . "
It quoted Heilberg as saying , " When food becomes scarce , the investor needs a weak state that does not force him to abide by any rules . "
According to various assessments , up to 123.5 million acres of African land -- double the size of Britain -- has been snapped up or is being negotiated by governments or wealthy investors .
Ethiopia alone has approved 815 foreign - financed agricultural projects since 2007 .
As African leaders , many out to line their own pockets , sign away their people 's land to foreigners , the continent 's people , among the poorest on the planet , face having to join the estimated 1 billion people in the world who do n't have enough food .
In some cases , human rights groups say many of these deals are done in secret without consulting the people on the land being sold , often dispossessing them .
In the end , critics say , with African farmland in foreign hands , the continent faces widespread conflict over resources in the not - too - distant future .
" Food production in Arab countries is limited by scarce land and water resources , " the World Bank said in recent report .
" Arab countries are highly exposed to international food commodity price shocks … because they are heavily dependent on imported food . "
Climate change is accelerating the decline in food production through water shortages , desertification , coastal flooding and changing weather patterns .
As populations expand while the amount of farmland and water supply shrinks , resource wars are expected to erupt across the Middle East and Africa in the years ahead .
" Unchecked land - grabbing carries with it the seeds of conflict , environmental disaster , political and social change , and hunger on an unprecedented scale , " Le Monde Diplomatique warned .
As the foreign purchases of African land multiply unchecked , the United Nations and the World Bank are seeking to bring the land - grabbing under some sort of control .
In November , they started drawing up a code of conduct to regulate overseas investment in farmland , the first effort to put the brakes on the runaway land acquisitions by wealthy states such as Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates and South Korea .
But critics view this as too little , too late .
The regulations are n't expected to be ready until late this year .
Officials acknowledge the delay gives land - grabbers time to snap up more farmland before the code comes into force .
But even then , it will lack teeth because the regulations will be non-binding : the United Nations does n't want to inhibit direct foreign investment in agriculture , which it believes can offer development opportunities .
The land - buying spree by the Arab states is likely to continue as desertification worsens .
Wadid Erian , a soil expert with the Arab Center for the Study of Arid Zones and Dry Land in Cairo , said that desertification is advancing swiftly " and our response needs to match the pace …
" The question we need to be asking is whether using ( African ) land is a sustainable , long - term solution …
We expect that if climate change and desertification continue at this pace , in the next five years we wo n't have enough food to supply demand . "
Continuing to amass Africa 's arable land without ensuring that local populations in the world 's hungriest continent reap any benefit , is not the sole long - term answer , " Erian said .
As for motherhood — the fertility of the human race — we are getting to the point where you simply can't discuss it , and we are thereby refusing to say anything sensible about the biggest single challenge facing the Earth ; and no , whatever it may now be conventional to say , that single biggest challenge is not global warming .
That is a secondary challenge .
The primary challenge facing our species is the reproduction of our species itself .
[ Epigram - discuss ]
This Week 's Patches in Epigram
Hi folks ,
Another week , other reviews : * " Evidences : stole - || from proofstate , ... "
" Evidences : added f-o closures ... "
" Evidences : new operator language , ... " , Conor First off , if you have never met the " deBruijnifying mangler " , it has moved to " Evidences / Mangler " and it 's worth visiting him .
For performance reasons , we would like to be able to move from values to terms without effort .
However , because of our use of functional scopes , turning values to terms require an expensive call to |bquote| ( Evidences / Rules ) .
Hence , there is an ongoing effort to get a first - order representation of values ( see [ http://www.e-pig.org/epilogue/?p=657]).
In the first patch , Conor abolishes the distinction between Scopes for values and for terms ( Evidences / Tm ) .
We use to have syntactic scopes for terms ( |:.| , first - order , where the bounded term contains De Bruijn indices ) and functional scopes for values ( |HF| , using Haskell 's function space ) .
Now , we can have both |:.| and |HF| in values .
In the next move , he added first - order closures , | H| , that carries an environment of n variables and a term awaiting ( n+1 ) variables for being closed .
This representation works for both values and terms .
However , small nitpick : you can not type - check a term containing these | H| closures .
The values in the environment do not carry their type , so you have to expand ( |bquote| , again ) them before type - checking .
The embedding from values to terms is reified by the | Yuk| constructor .
( This name wo n't stay for long , I can tell you . ) .
As explained , terms under a | Yuk| can be manipulated but not type - checked without a |bquote| .
This is not enforced by Haskell type - checker , so be careful .
I think some modifications are still underway , but we got no news for a while now .
* " Evidences : new operator language , ... " , Conor Long ago , we switched from first - order to higher - order representation of scopes to ease the implementation of operators .
Switching back from higher - order to first - order , this called for a new solution .
In this patch , Conor has defined a DSEL to describe the run-time behavior of operators ( Evidences / Rules ) .
With this language , he has redefined some operators of Enumerations and Descriptions .
* " Error handling : refactor ErrorTok ... " , Adam
The error handling machinery triggers when all hope is gone .
For example , if type - checking fails , we have a term in our hand but we do n't know its type , if it has any .
The distiller looks at us and says : " No type ?
You do n't get in " .
Moreover , there are many bits which are overly generic ( such as | canTy| for instance ) : more often than not , when reporting an error , all we have is a " polymorphic stuff " we know nothing about .
Hence this best - effort machinery .
However , Adam has successfully collapsed many flavor of errors into fewer cases .
Hence leading to a simpler machinery and less complicated client code .
* " Distillation : document and answer a few questions " , Adam Documentation of the Distillation /* received a careful review .
Check it out !
* " Features / Enum.lhs
Fixed strictness bun in canTy rules " , Peter Peter , in his war for laziness , has squashed a strictness bug , this time in | canTy| .
In Epigram , pairs are * lazy * : they are only computed when projected .
Therefore , in the implementation , we cannot use Haskell 's pattern - matching on pair constructors |PAIR| : we must project out the component we are interested in , with |x $ $ Fst| or |x $ $ Snd| .
As such , this looks easy .
But you will notice that in this patch , we were n't pattern - matching on a |PAIR | but on |CONSE| , ie .
the constructor of EnumU .
Yes , but remember : EnumU is levitating , so |CONSE| is nothing but a code .
A code made of pairs ... * " Checkpoint : NameResolution documentation import " " Checkpoint : more NameResolution tidying ... "
" NameResolution : more documentation ... "
" NameResolution : start refactoring resolve ; ... "
" Epitome : an important backslash " , Adam and Peter Disturbed by my moaning of last week , Peter had lost sleep .
So , he wrote us an email explaining why NameResolution is such a " rat nest " , quoting him .
Adam ported the mail to the Epitome , extending the documentation here and there , and adding the example test cases .
From there , Adam started a refactoring effort of the rat nest .
I cannot spell out the details but if you watch the patch , you can see Adam making his way through the rats .
Do like me , join the cheerleaders for Adam : Gimme an A ! Gimme a D! Gimme an A !
Gimme an M!
Whoooooo !
* " test/Syntax.pig : Document Epigram syntax ... " " Update Syntax.pig test log " " Syntax.pig : remove redundant refl2 " , Pierre For those of us not equipped with a Hierogly ph - to - Latin translator , I 've written test / Syntax.pig to document Epigram syntax .
Feel free to suggest improvements .
* " linked Pierre's Syntax.pig from the docs. html page . " , James
I 'm pretty sure I did not talked about our website last time .
We have a new one !
It 's up there [ http://www.e-pig.org/]!
Cheers , -- Pierre
Legal action has been widely expected , given Mr. Obama ’s repeated statements against it , as well as the concerns that Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. has voiced in interviews and news conferences .
In late May , Justice Department lawyers traveled to Phoenix to speak with lawyers from the offices of the state attorney general , Terry Goddard , and Gov. Jan Brewer about the possibility of litigation .
Mr. Goddard , who is seeking the Democratic nomination for governor , and Ms. Brewer , a Republican who is running for the office for the first time ( Ms. Brewer succeeded former Gov. Janet Napolitano when Ms. Napolitano joined the Obama administration ) , both say a federal lawsuit is unwarranted .
In a side drama , Mr. Goddard on Friday took his office off the case , bowing to the wishes of Ms. Brewer , who had said his opposition to the law would make it difficult for him to defend it .
Mr. Goddard said his decision had nothing to do with the Justice Department ’s plans .
Mrs. Clinton ’s disclosure — which came to light after her interview was posted by a political blog , therightscoop.com — quickly became fodder for political campaigns in Arizona .
Republicans , led by Ms. Brewer , seized on the notion of a domestic policy decision ’s being disclosed on foreign soil .
“ This is no way to treat the people of Arizona , ” the governor said in a statement .
“ To learn of this lawsuit through an Ecuadorean interview with the secretary of state is just outrageous .
If our own government intends to sue our state to prevent illegal immigration enforcement , the least it can do is inform us before it informs the citizens of another nation . ”
The federal government from time to time has successfully brought claims against laws it deemed discriminatory or infringing on voter rights .
It also has a history of suing states on issues related to prison conditions and school desegregation , said Erwin Chemerinsky , a constitutional scholar at the law school at the University of California , Irvine .
While Arizona ’s law has drawn opposition from those who worry that Hispanic - Americans and legal residents will be mistaken for illegal immigrants , legal scholars say the case will more likely to turn on whether it intrudes on federal immigration authority .
NOTE - Just received word on Kim Jong - Il 's passing from Ranker 's 2011 Celebrity Death List .
Also check out this guide to Funny Internet Reactions to Kim Jong - Il 's Death .
Kim Jong-il , the leader of the Democratic People ’s Republic of Korea , also one of the most infamous dictators in the world , has been well - known for spending billions of dollars to strengthen his military power in hopes of maintaining control over North Korea .
But of course , that ’s never enough for Kim .
He must surround himself with things that do n't remind him of work .
During times of economic despair and devastating famine , Kim managed to find the time to buy a ton of pretty cool s**t .
What is some of the coolest stuff Kim Jong Il owned ?
Since we can't have a Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous episode about him , this list of his funny , crazy , even awesome collection of belongings will have to do .
CANTOR PUTS HIS MONEY WHERE HIS MOUTH IS … .
It ’s funny what turns up sometimes in financial disclosure materials .
The Wall Street Journal had this gem yesterday :
WSJ ’s Heard on the Street reported this nugget Thursday that caught Washington Wire ’s eye : Putting his money where his mouth is ?
Eric Cantor , the Republican Whip in the House of Representatives , bought up to $ 15,000 in shares of ProShares Trust Ultrashort 20 +
Year Treasury ETF last December , according to his 2009 financial disclosure statement .
The exchange - traded fund takes a short position in long - dated government bonds .
In effect , it is a bet against U.S. government bonds — and perhaps on inflation in the future .
Perhaps the most interesting thing about this is the way in which it confirms the worst suspicions about Cantor ’s understanding of current events — this guy is betting on inflation ?
The economic phenomenon that ’s effectively non-existent given our current economic conditions ?
Inflation that the Fed is n’t going to begin worrying about for the rest of the year ?
The Washington Independent ‘s Annie Lowrey added : “ … Cantor is not a very canny investor .
The fund is down 31 percent this year . ”
It appears Cantor ’s investment decisions are about as wise as his legislative decisions .
Indeed , if Cantor wanted to give his portfolio a boost , he could do as the White House would like and endorse policies that would stimulate the economy .
Americans would be better off , and Cantor ’s investments would be worth more money .
But , as Matt Yglesias explained , “ either Cantor does n’t understand his economic self - interest properly , or else he ’s more committed to his principled opposition to sound macroeconomic stabilization than he is to the performance of his portfolio . ”
My bet is on the former .
Cantor does n’t seem to understand much .
The US military has admitted killing 23 civilians and has reprimanded six operators of a pilot - less drone that attacked a convoy of civilians .
An investigation found that warnings that the convoy was not an attacking force were ignored and that the ground - force commander was not sure who was in the vehicles .
Advertising Read more
Women and children were among the dead .
A Nato statement after the attack in February said the convoy was thought to contain Taliban fighters .
The investigation said the order to attack was based on flawed information and flawed analysis .
The US troop commander , General Stanley McChrystal , said letters of reprimand have been sent to six officers .
McChrystal had introduced tougher regulations to prevent civilian deaths , but they have not been failsafe .
Daily newsletterReceive essential international news every morning Subscribe
Fiscal crisis , contagion , and the future of euro
Marco Pagano
The Eurozone has been swept up in turmoil that has ranged from stock and bond markets to exchange rates , government spending , and tax rates .
Marco Pagano , Professor at the University of Naples Federico II and CEPR Research Fellow , explains events , how they hang together , and what needs to be done .
This challenge facing Europe could be a historical turning point .
Fiscal crisis , contagion , breakdown of the euro ...
Let ’s try to understand what is going on .
In the past few days , the scenarios discussed in the media have been changing so rapidly and dramatically that for many it may be hard to grasp the reason behind them .
But in emergencies such as the one we are currently experiencing , the way to escape the worst - case scenarios and find an exit strategy is to stick to clear - headed thinking .
What happens when sovereign states accumulate large debts ?
First , investors start worrying that this debt may not be sustainable : concerns rise over the ability of the state to pay back capital and interests by generating budget surpluses in the future ( that is , fiscal revenues in excess of expenditures ) .
In this case , investors require higher interest rates to subscribe new public debt as a compensation for the risk of insolvency .
This in turn increases the risk of insolvency as it worsens public sector balance sheets .
At some point , there may no longer be an interest rate able to compensate investors for the risk of insolvency ; then they just stop subscribing the public debt .
This is a situation of fiscal crisis and has only two possible ( and not mutually exclusive ) outcomes :
government default followed by a renegotiation of the debt ( as in Argentina ’s case ) , monetisation of the debt , which is effectively bought by the central bank .
This represents an injection of money in the economy and thus generates inflation and exchange - rate depreciation .
From Greece to Italy
Second , in the case of Greece , the second option – monetisation - was ruled out by Greece ’s membership in the European monetary union : the Greek government could not force the ECB to buy its own bonds .
For this reason , the only option was insolvency and renegotiation of the debt , unless other countries were willing to lend to Greece at an interest rate lower than the market rate .
Why did euro - area countries choose to do so ?
In the past few days it has been clear that , following a substantial dose of indecision , they did it mainly for fear of “ contagion ” .
But what is contagion ?
Here we come to the third and most interesting part of the story .
As the Greek crisis unfolded , investors started to suspect that other countries with high levels of public debt , namely Portugal , Spain and Italy , would find themselves in a similar situation .
But as governments of these countries rushed to point out , their fiscal position is not as dramatic as the Greek one .
So why are investors so concerned ?
Because , as economists say , in this game between sovereign states and investors there can be “ multiple equilibria ” .
Even if the government is not highly indebted , investors might start questioning its willingness to raise taxes above a level considered “ politically sustainable ” .
In the future , it might seek a renegotiation of the debt , its monetisation , or both .
Fear that this will happen can push interest rates to a level so high that the investors ’ prophecy will eventually come true .
At the prevailing interest rates a country which would have otherwise been able to service its debt ends up needing a renegotiation or a monetisation of the debt to avoid full repayment ( see for example Calvo 1988 ) .
So the outcome depends on investors ’ confidence .
If there is confidence , the “ good equilibrium ” with moderate interest rates and stable markets prevails ; when confidence disappears , the economy jumps to a “ bad equilibrium ” , where a fiscal crisis occurs .
The contagion generated by Greek crisis has been exactly of this type .
It has weakened investors ’ confidence in countries which would have otherwise been in a safe situation .
Moreover , the burden of Greek bail - out itself is affecting negatively the fiscal position of Portugal , Spain , and Italy .
This too may have contributed to weaken confidence in their ability to service the debt .
Stock exchanges and speculation
The fourth element that has played a role in the crisis is “ roll - over risk ” .
Countries involved are exposed to a fiscal crisis ( the “ bad equilibrium ” ) to the extent that they are forced to rely on the market to roll - over their debt .
Thus , much depends on the amount of public debt coming to maturity in the next months .
This in turn depends on the maturity structure of the public debt .
If public debt mainly has a long - term maturity , then the amount of debt to be rolled - over in a certain time interval is small and the burden of a high interest rate might be sustainable .
In these cases , the risk of a fiscal crisis is ruled out .
If instead the debt has mainly a short - term maturity so that the amount to be rolled - over is large , then a fiscal crisis can occur , as illustrated in my paper with Francesco Giavazzi ( Giavazzi and Pagano 1988 ) .
The argument is similar to the one used by banks to assess companies ’ solvency .
There , the roll - over risk arising from short - term maturity debt is one of the main factors in determining bankruptcy risk .
Why is the euro depreciating ?
Fifth , in the last few days we have witnessed the sudden depreciation of the euro .
Why is the euro depreciating ?
A possible answer is that as the crisis spreads to other large Eurozone countries , the risk of monetisation of the public debt becomes more concrete .
Even if Greece can be bailed out by other countries in the Eurozone , this would not be feasible for the much larger public debts of Italy , Spain , and Portugal .
In the scenario of a widespread crisis , the possibility that the ECB will monetise the debt of weak Eurozone countries exists , and fear of the implied inflation can explain the depreciation of the euro .
However , a massive monetisation is an unlikely scenario , as it would eventually undermine price stability in the Eurozone and imply a substantial transfer of resources from strong to weak Eurozone countries .
A breakdown in the euro ?
An alternative explanation for the depreciation of the euro is the fear of a breakdown of the single currency itself , a scenario that was unthinkable even a few months ago .
In order to avoid having to bail - out weak Eurozone countries through debt monetisation , the strong countries might push the weak ones outside the Eurozone .
Obviously , this would be a dramatic scenario , as redrawing the borders of the common currency could hardly happen without generating a financial earthquake .
Meanwhile , such a crisis could degenerate into the insolvency on the public debt of several Eurozone countries , with devastating effects on the global economy .
Given that the public debt of these countries is massively present in the balance sheets of banks and insurance companies all over the world , and in the Eurozone in particular , instability would spread throughout the financial system .
Contagion would become really global .
In comparison , the sub - prime crisis would almost pale into insignificance ( see a similar discussion in Eichengreen 2007 ) .
This explains why last week stock exchanges collapsed and why governments on both sides of the Atlantic are very concerned .
However , governments ’ invectives against speculators and markets are childish .
The word “ speculator ” comes from the Latin word “ specula ” ( watchtower ) and indicates someone who tries to “ look far away ” and thus metaphorically “ look ahead ” , in other words to foresee future events .
Whenever a saver decides whether to subscribe public debt bonds he also tries to “ look ahead ” and , in this sense , we are all speculators .
And we all contribute to determine market outcomes , even when we decide to abstain from participating in them .
Rather than blaming them , governments have to demonstrate that speculators and markets got their forecasts and bets wrong .
Restoring market confidence
Can the markets ’ confidence be restored ?
As the origin of the problem lies in fiscal policy , confidence needs to be re-established there : strong and coordinated signals must be sent about the ability of the weak states in the Eurozone to put their fiscal situation in order , accepting the imposition of strong monitoring and discipline on fiscal policy by the Union ’s institutions .
This implies a significant limitation on the fiscal sovereignty of member states , which comes on top of their delegation of monetary sovereignty to the ECB .
But much more is needed than the fragile discipline imposed by the Maastricht treaty and by the stability pact , such as binding constraints on budget laws of member states and institutions able to enforce them .
It is not an easy task .
Such a monitoring and enforcement system is difficult to put in place and politically painful to accept , as the riots and deaths in Athens demonstrate .
Will governments and national parliaments be willing to do it ?
If the answer is “ yes ” , then Europe will re-emerge stronger from this crisis and will move toward completing its supranational structure with the gradual introduction of fiscal federal institutions , the natural counterpart of the ECB .
This may also offer the opportunity to finally fill the “ democratic deficit ” of the EU , since it is natural that binding fiscal decisions be taken by representative political bodies .
In this way , the necessary limits to national fiscal sovereignty would not be seen as coming from the diktat of some technical and bureaucratic organism or ministers ’ committee , as they have a supranational democratic legitimacy .
If Eurozone countries have the courage to embrace this great challenge , not only will confidence be restored on security markets , but this crisis will become the occasion for a historical turning point in the development of Europe as political entity .
References
Calvo , Guillermo ( 1988 ) , “ Servicing the Public Debt : The Role of Expectations ” , American Economic Review , September .
Eichengreen , Barry ( 2007 ) , “ The euro : love it or leave it ? ” , VoxEU.org , 17 November .
Francesco Giavazzi and Marco Pagano ( 1988 ) , “ The Management of Public Debt and Financial Markets , ” in L Spaventa and F Giavazzi ( eds. ) , High Public Debt : the Italian Experience , Cambridge University Press .
April 1 , 2010  -- Benedicta McCarthy , 25 , said she believes she would not be alive today if not for countless prayers to her namesake , Sister Teresa Benedicta of the Cross .
" I 've been ... really blessed with ... a lot of things I felt were miracles , " McCarthy , the product of a devout Catholic family in Brockton , Mass . , said .
While McCarthy 's parents were out of town in 1987 when the family was fighting the flu , the oldest children were left in charge .
McCarthy , the youngest of 12 , got into the medicine box and swallowed enough Tylenol to land her in the emergency room .
Having accidentally ingested 19 times the lethal dose of acetaminophen , the 2 - year - old lay near death from total kidney failure and a deteriorating liver .
Doctors predicted she would die .
Desperate for divine intervention , the McCarthy family organized prayer chains , asking anyone they knew to pray specifically to Benedicta , who had been dead for more than 40 years .
McCarthy was named after the German nun , who was born Edith Stein , to a Jewish family and found the Catholic faith in her 20s .
Stein eventually joined the Carmelite order of nuns in 1933 when Adolf Hitler 's regime took over Germany .
She was killed at Auschwitz in 1942 and is said to have gone to her death forgiving her persecutors .
When their baby was in intensive care and at the top of the liver transplant list 23 years ago , she said , McCarthy family members believed their prayers to Benedicta were heard immediately .
" I started to move my toes and ...[ doctors ] just did a bunch of tests and lab work and everything came back normal , " she said .
" Like there was no gradual recovery .
When they looked back at the doctors ' notes , one of the doctors that had seen me that morning had wrote in the notes , this child has made a remarkable recovery . "
McCarthy 's father , Charlie , said it was a miracle .
" I remember very explicitly when Benedicta walked out of Massachusetts General Hospital at 2 years old without an ounce of medication , " her father said .
" With a balloon , she walked to the elevator , pressed the button herself , and all I could think of is , ' There goes the glory of God . ' "
Vatican Reviewed Case as Possible Miracle
The case was sent to the Vatican , who then authorized a rigorous investigation to determine whether McCarthy 's healing was indeed miraculous .
In the course of three years , anyone with any knowledge of the events was interviewed in exhaustive detail .
McCarthy 's older siblings were quizzed down to the minute details of exactly what kind of Tylenol their youngest sister ingested .
The family was also questioned about to whom they directed their prayers .
" That was the big thing , that we had all prayed to Edith Stein , " older brother Charles said .
" And that my parents had asked people .
And , also , that my parents had told us to tell others to pray to Edith Stein . "
Sworn testimony was also taken from experts in liver damage and child poisoning .
Doctors who had overseen the case were also questioned , including Dr. Ronald E. Kleinman .
" The questions were very pointed and very direct , " Kleinman said .
" I think they really wanted to know what happens to children who do get an excessive amount of acetaminophen .
Do children usually die from this kind of poisoning ?
Was this an extraordinary case ? "
Then , a 900 - page document was bound , notarized and shipped to the Congregation for the Causes of Saints in Rome , the 400 - year - old Vatican agency that determines who will be recommended to the pope for sainthood .
The Vatican also confers with the Consulta Medica , a team of top doctors who meet at the Congregation for the Causes of Saints about 20 times a year .
Here , the doctors scrutinize each case , searching for any possible scientific or medical explanation .
Finally , each case must meet a rigorous test that determines whether the potential miracle was also instantaneous .
McCarthy 's near - death experience as a child was officially confirmed as miraculous by the Vatican .
While the total number of Catholic saints is unknown , the Vatican estimates there are more than 7,000 saints to whom believers pray for help from beyond .
Before his death five years ago this Friday , Pope John Paul II canonized almost 500 of them , more than all his modern predecessors combined .
One of those saints was Sister Teresa Benedicta of the Cross .
Sister Benedicta's Canonization
Then 14 years old , Benedicta McCarthy attended Benedicta 's canonization Oct. 11 , 1998 .
" It was really amazing and overwhelming , " said McCarthy , who sat front and center at the ceremony with her family .
" I felt really lucky at the time . "
McCarthy said she thinks of herself as an ordinary person who believes miracles happen every day .
She said she hopes her story will bring peace to others who need faith in something many find unexplainable .
" I feel really -- lucky that I 'm here , " she said , " [ I ] hope that it helped a lot of people . "
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Update : Paul Woodward has discovered an earlier video posted to the Web from which the following was apparently culled , via what he calls ‘ creative editing . ’
Obviously , raw footage is preferable , but it is n’t clear if the effect of the editing was actually any falsification of the sordid reality of what occurred .
Original posting :
The Israeli military attempted to confiscate and erase the photographic and video evidence of its brutal asault on the Mavi Marmara aid ship on Memorial Day .
But it turns out that digital images can often be recovered after erasure , and can be put on small memory sticks that can be hidden in nooks and crannies of luggage .
So some images are in fact surfacing .
The most damaging is a film of an Israeli soldier kicking an American citizen while the latter is on the ground , and then executing him .
This film completely refutes the rightwing Israeli government ’s narrative of besieged lightly armed troops haplessly fending off naked aggression on the part of the aid workers .
( In the Israeli scenario the victim would not be prostrate on the ground being kicked before being shot ) .
The video , which has not been confirmed , is
now at YouTube :
Warincontext.com says that they asked the Israeli military about the video but did not get a substantive comment
See also Tikkun ’s remarks .
For an attorney who is dedicated to integrity , honesty , communication and hard work , please contact us online or call 678-894-9097 or 888-578-2696 .
We will give you a straightforward assessment of your situation , explain your options and walk you through the legal process .
We will be by your side throughout your case .
We accept payment by check and credit cards through LawPay .
We also accept cash .
We strive to provide experienced representation at affordable rates .
SINGAPORE , May 24 ( Reuters ) - The German government is to cut its budget by 10 billion euros ( $ 13 billion ) a year until 2016 in order to set an example for the euro zone and to comply with the budget deficit rules in the constitution , the Financial Times reported on Monday .
Citing unidentified government officials , the FT reported that the cuts could be achieved through tax increases as well as reduced spending , despite a promise by the coalition government to put tax cuts at the centre of the plan .
The government would mainly target lower subsidies for Germany ’s federal states as well as abolish tax exemptions and allowances , the newspaper said .
( Reporting by Jan Dahinten ; Editing by Tomasz Janowski )
Learn Linux , 101
Find and place system files
Where things go in the Filesystem Hierarchy Standard
Content series :
This content is part # of # in the series : Learn Linux , 101 Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
This content is part of the series : Learn Linux , 101 Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
About this series
This series of articles helps you learn Linux system administration tasks .
You can also use the material in these articles to prepare for Linux Professional Institute Certification level 1 ( LPIC - 1 ) exams .
See our developerWorks roadmap for LPIC - 1 for a description of and link to each article in this series .
The roadmap is in progress and reflects the latest ( April 2009 ) objectives for the LPIC - 1 exams : as we complete articles , we add them to the roadmap .
In the meantime , though , you can find earlier versions of similar material , supporting previous LPIC - 1 objectives prior to April 2009 , in our LPI certification exam prep tutorials .
Overview
In this article , learn about the Filesystem Hierarchy Standard ( FHS ) .
Learn to :
Recognize where to place files under the FHS
Find files and commands on your Linux system
Find other important files and directories defined in the FHS and understand their purposes
This article helps you prepare for Objective 104.7 in Topic 104 of the Linux Professional Institute 's Junior Level Administration ( LPIC - 1 ) exam 101 .
The objective has a weight of 2 .
Prerequisites
To get the most from the articles in this series , you should have a basic knowledge of Linux and a working Linux system on which you can practice the commands covered in this article .
Sometimes different versions of a program will format output differently , so your results may not always look exactly like the listings and figures shown here .
In particular , much of the output we show is highly dependent on the packages that are already installed on our systems .
Your own output may be quite different , although you should be able to recognize the important commonalities .
Filesystem Hierarchy Standard
Connect with Ian Ian is one of our most popular and prolific authors .
Browse all of Ian 's articles on developerWorks .
Check out Ian 's profile and connect with him , other authors , and fellow readers in My developerWorks .
The Filesystem Hierarchy Standard is a document that specifies a common layout of directories on a Linux or other UNIX ® - like system .
By placing files in the same general place across Linux distributions , the FHS simplifies distribution - independent software development .
The FHS is also used in the Linux Standard Base ( see Resources ) .
The FHS allows both users and software to predict the location of installed files and directories .
An FHS - compliant filesystem assumes that the operating system supports the basic security features found in most UNIX filesystems .
The two independent FHS categories
At the core of the FHS are two independent characteristics of files :
Shareable vs. unshareable Shareable files can be located on one system and used on another , while unshareable files must reside on the system on which they are used .
Static vs. variable Static files change only through system administrator intervention , such as installing or upgrading a package , and include documentation , libraries , and binaries .
Variable files are all other files , such as logs , spool files , databases , and user data , which are subject to change by users and by system processes .
These distinctions allow files with different sets of characteristics to be stored on different filesystems .
Table 1 is an example from the FHS document showing a layout that would be FHS compliant .
Table 1 . FHS example Shareable Unshareable Static /usr
/opt /etc
/ boot Variable /var / mail
/var/spool/news /var/run
/var/lock
Where 's that file ?
Linux systems often contain hundreds of thousands of files .
A 64 - bit Fedora 13 system that I recently installed has over 75,000 files in the /usr hierarchy alone .
Most of my other installations have over 100,000 files and often 200,000 files or more .
The next four sections look at tools to help you find files , particularly programs , in this vast sea of data .
What 's on your PATH
If you have used several Linux systems , you may have noticed that if you log in as root , you are able to execute commands such as fdisk , which you cannot execute if you are a user .
If you run a program at the command line , the bash ( or other ) shell searches through a list of directories to find the program you requested .
The list of directories is specified in your PATH environment variable , and root 's path may include / sbin , while non -root user paths do not .
Listing 1 shows user path examples from two different distributions , as well as a root path example .
Listing 1 . Some PATH examples
ian@pinguino : ~$ # An Ubuntu 9.10 system ian@pinguino : ~$ echo $ PATH /usr / local / sbin:/usr/ local/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin:/sbin:/bin:/usr/games [ ian@echidna ~ ] $ # An openSUSE 11.2 system ian@attic4 :~> echo $ PATH /usr / lib64/mpi/gcc/openmpi/bin:/home/ian/bin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/bin:/bin:/usr/bin/X11:/u
sr/X11R6/bin:/usr/games:/usr/lib64/jvm/jre/bin:/usr/lib/mit/bin:/usr/lib/mit/sbin [ root@echidna ~ ] # # And as root attic4 : ~ # echo $ PATH /usr / lib64/mpi/gcc/openmpi/bin:/sbin:/usr/sbin:/usr/local/sbin:/root/bin:/usr/local/bin:/ usr/bin:/bin:/usr/bin/X11:/usr/X11R6/bin:/usr/games:/usr/lib64/jvm/jre/bin:/usr/lib/mit/b in:/usr/lib/mit/sbin
As you can see , the PATH variable is just a list of directory names , separated by colons .
Since the fdisk command is actually located in / sbin / fdisk , only the first and last of these paths would allow the user to run it by typing fdisk without providing a fully qualified name ( / sbin / fdisk ) .
Usually , your path is set in an initialization file such as .
bash_profile or . bashrc .
You can change it for the current bash process by specifying a new path .
Remember to export the PATH variable if you want the new value to be available to other processes that you start from this one .
An example is shown in Listing 2 .
Listing 2 . Changing your PATH
ian@attic4:~> fdisk Absolute path to ' fdisk ' is ' / sbin / fdisk ' , so running it may require superuser privileges ( e.g. root ) .
ian@attic4 :~> export PATH=/ sbin: $ PATH ian@attic4 :~> fdisk Usage : fdisk [ - l ] [ - b SSZ ] [ - u ] device E.g. : fdisk / dev/hda ( for the first IDE disk ) or : fdisk / dev/sdc ( for the third SCSI disk ) or : fdisk / dev/eda ( for the first PS / 2 ESDI drive ) or : fdisk / dev/rd / c0d0 or : fdisk / dev/ ida / c0d0 ( for RAID devices )
The which , type , and whereis commands
In the previous section , you saw why the fdisk command might not be available if you attempted to run it .
However , there are several other useful commands that can help you find which command would in fact run if you typed a command name .
The which command
You can use the which command to search your path and find out which command will be executed ( if any ) when you type a command .
Listing 3 shows an example of finding the fdisk command .
Listing 3 . Using which
ian@attic4 :~> which fdisk which : no fdisk in ( /usr/lib64/mpi/gcc/openmpi/bin:/home/ian/bin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/bin : /bin:/usr/bin/X11:/usr/X11R6/bin:/usr/games:/usr/lib64/jvm/jre/bin:/usr/lib/mit/bin:/usr/ lib/mit/sbin) ian@attic4 :~> export PATH=/ sbin: $ PATH ian@attic4 :~> which fdisk / sbin / fdisk
The which command shows you the first occurrence of a command in your path .
If you want to know if there are multiple occurrences , then add the - a option as shown in Listing 4 .
Listing 4 .
Using which to find multiple occurrences
ian@attic4 :~> which awk /usr / bin / awk ian@attic4 :~> which - a awk /usr / bin / awk / bin/awk /usr/bin/X11/awk
Here we find the awk command in three places : in /usr / bin ( which is the main directory for commands on the system ) , in / bin ( which contains commands that may be used both by the system administrator and by users , but which are required when no other filesystems are mounted ) , and also in /usr / bin / X11 ( which contains the binaries for the X window system ) .
Another article in this series , " Learn Linux 101 : Create and change hard and symbolic links , " shows you how to check that these three different files all eventually represent the same underlying gawk command as shown in Listing 5 .
Listing 5 . Awk commands lead to gawk
ian@attic4:~> ls -l $ ( which - a awk ) lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 4 2010-02-09 00:46 / bin/awk -> gawk lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 8 2010-02-09 00:46 /usr/bin/awk -> /bin/awk lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 8 2010-02-09 00:46 /usr/bin/X11/awk -> /bin/awk
The type command
There are some commands that the which command will not find , such as shell builtins .
The type command is a builtin that will tell you how a given command string will be evaluated for execution .
Listing 6 uses which and type to show that the type command is not an executable found on your path , but is a shell builtin .
Listing 6 . Using type
ian@attic4 :~> which type which : no type in ( /usr/lib64/mpi/gcc/openmpi/bin:/home/ian/bin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/bin:/
bin:/usr/bin/X11:/usr/X11R6/bin:/usr/games:/usr/lib64/jvm/jre/bin:/usr/lib/mit/bin:/usr/l ib/mit/sbin ) ian@attic4 :~> type type type is a shell builtin
The whereis command
If you want more information than just the location of a program , then you can use the whereis command .
For example , you can find the man pages or other information , as shown in Listing 7 .
Listing 7 .
Using whereis to find man pages
ian@attic4 :~> whereis awk awk : / bin/awk /usr/bin/awk /usr/lib64/awk
/usr/bin/X11/awk /usr/share/awk /usr/share/man/man1/awk.1.gz
/usr/share/man/man1p/awk.1p.gz
Note that the copy of awk in / sbin was not found by whereis .
The directories used by whereis are fixed , so the command may not always find what you are looking for .
The whereis command can also search for source files , specify alternate search paths , and search for unusual entries .
Consult the man pages to see how to override this behavior or change the fixed paths used by whereis .
The find command
In an earlier article in this series , " Learn Linux 101 : File and directory management , " you learned how to find files based on name ( including wildcards ) , path , size , or timestamp .
In another earlier article in this series , " Learn Linux 101 : Create and change hard and symbolic links , " you learned how to find the links to a particular file or inode .
The find command is the Swiss Army knife of file searching tools on Linux systems .
Two other capabilities that you may find useful are its ability to find files based on user or group name and its ability to find files based on permissions .
Suppose you want to see what files a user has in the /tmp hierarchy .
Listing 8 shows how the root user could find all the files for user ian in in / tmp .
Listing 8 . Finding files by user and group
attic4 :~ # find /tmp - user ian /tmp/kde-ian /tmp/kde-ian/closeditems
/tmp/kde-ian/closeditems/_1.66
/tmp/kde-ian/systemsettingsR27913.tmp
/tmp/.ICE-unix/2288 /tmp/orbit-ian /tmp/orbit-ian/linc-12f7-0-33cb4ce9b1fbf /tmp/orbit-ian/linc-7d00-0-70e5ebaa4ddac /tmp/orbit-ian/linc-12ea-0-68260abbd2051
/tmp/orbit-ian/linc-12ea-0-3377ca55c0bd2 /tmp/ksocket-ian
/tmp/ksocket-ian/klauncherMT2183.slave-socket ...
You can also find files by group using the - group test .
And you can find files that do not belong to any user or group on the system using the - nouser and - nogroup options .
As with other tests , you can negate the test using ! .
I usually set my user number to 1000 , as that is the default on some systems .
I also create a group called ian with 1000 as the group number .
Other systems still start at 500 , or put new users in the group ' users ' by default .
Some of my older research material that was archived from a Red Hat 6.2 system still has user 500 .
Listing 9 shows how to find some directories that are not owned by my current user group .
The research / rh62 / involution is owned by user 500 and group 4 , neither of which exist on my current system .
To find files or directories by numeric user id or group id , use the - uid or - gid tests .
Listing 9 .
Finding directories not owned by ian
ian@attic4:~> find - L research - maxdepth 2 - type d !
- group ian research / rh62 / involution research / rh62 / programs research / lost + found find : `research / lost + found ' : Permission denied ian@attic4:~> ls -ld research / rh62/ involution drwxr-xr-x. 2 500 4 4096 1999-11-10 08:09 research/rh62/involution
To find files by permission , you can use the - perm test along with symbolic expressions similar to those used with the chmod or umask commands .
You can search for exact permissions , but it is often more useful to prefix the permission expression with a hyphen to indicate that you want files with those permissions set , but that you do n't care about other permissions .
Listing 10 illustrates how to find files that are executable by user , group , and everyone , and two different ways of finding files that are not readable by others .
Listing 10 .
Finding files by permission
ian@attic4:~> find .
- maxdepth 1 - type f - perm - uga=x ./.xinitrc.template ian@attic4:~> ls -l ./.xinitrc.template - rwxr-xr-x 1 ian users 1446 2010-02-09 08:55 ./.xinitrc.template ian@attic4:~> find .
- maxdepth 1 ! - perm - o=r ./. Xauthority ./. pulse ... ian@attic4:~> find .
- maxdepth 1 ! - perm - 0004 ./. Xauthority ./. pulse ...
We have covered several major types of search that you can do with the find command .
To further narrow your output , you can combine multiple expressions , and you can add regular expressions to the mix .
To learn more about this versatile command , use the man page , or better , use info find if you have the info system installed .
Listing 11 shows a final example of searching with find .
This example does a cd to /usr / include to keep the listing length manageable , then finds all files containing packet in their path name without regard to case .
The second example further restricts this output to files that are not directories and that are at least 1500 bytes in size .
Actual output on your system may differ depending on which packages you have installed .
Listing 11 .
A final example of find
ian@attic4:/usr/include > find .
- iregex " .* packet . * "
./c++/4.4/java/net/DatagramPacket.h
./c++/4.4/gnu/classpath/jdwp/processor/PacketProcessor.h
./c++/4.4/gnu/classpath/jdwp/transport/JdwpPacket.h
./c++/4.4/gnu/classpath/jdwp/transport/JdwpReplyPacket.h
./c++/4.4/gnu/classpath/jdwp/transport/JdwpCommandPacket.h ./netpacket ./netpacket/packet.h ./net/if_packet.h ./linux/if_packet.h ian@attic4:/usr/include > find .
- iregex " .* packet . * " !
- type d - size +1500c ./c++/4.4/java/net/DatagramPacket.h
./c++/4.4/gnu/classpath/jdwp/transport/JdwpPacket.h ./netpacket/packet.h ./linux/if_packet.h
Note that the regular expression must match the full path returned by find , and remember the difference between regular expressions and wildcards .
The locate and updatedb commands
The find command searches all the directories you specify , every time you run it .
To speed things up , you can use another command , locate , which uses a database of stored path information rather than searching the filesystem every time .
The locate command
The locate command searches for matching files in a database that is usually updated daily by a cron job .
The locate command matches against any part of a path name , not just the file name .
Put the file name in single quotes and include at least one globbing character to match more precisely .
Listing 12 shows how to find paths containing the string bin/ls , and shows two examples of using globbing characters to restrict the output .
Listing 12 .
Using locate to find paths and restrict output
ian@attic4 :~> locate / bin/ls / bin/ls /bin/lsmod /usr/bin/lsattr /usr/bin/lsb_release /usr/bin/lscpu /usr/bin/lsdev /usr/bin/lshal /usr/bin/lsof /usr/bin/lsscsi /usr/bin/lsusb ian@attic4:~> locate '\ /bin/ls ' /bin/ls ian@attic4:~> locate '/ bin/ls *' / bin/ls /bin/lsmod
The updatedb command
The default database used by locate is stored in the / var filesystem , in a location such as / var / lib / locatedb .
This may be different on systems that use slocate or mlocate packages to provide additional security or speed .
You can find statistics on your locate database using locate -S as shown in Listing 13 .
Listing 13 .
Locatedb statistics
ian@attic4:~> locate - S Database / var / lib / locatedb is in the GNU LOCATE02 format .
Locate database size : 3011297 bytes All Filenames : 259149
File names have a cumulative length of 15751703 bytes .
Of those file names , 11421 contain whitespace , 0 contain newline characters , and 0 contain characters with the high bit set .
Compression ratio 80.88 % ( higher is better )
The database is created or updated using the updatedb command .
This is usually run daily as a cron job .
The file /etc/updatedb.conf , or sometimes / etc / sysconfig / locate , is the configuration file for updatedb .
To enable daily updates , the root user needs to edit /etc/updatedb.conf and set DAILY_UPDATE=yes .
To create the database immediately , run the updatedb command as root .
Other considerations for using locate include security considerations and network file I/O considerations for daily builds of the updatedb database .
Check the man pages and updatedb configuration files for more details .
FHS directories in the root filesystem
The FHS goal is to keep the root filesystem as small as possible .
However , it must contain all the files necessary to boot , restore , recover , or repair the system , including the utilities that an experienced administrator would need for these tasks .
Note that booting a system requires that enough files be on the root filesystem to permit mounting of other filesystems .
Table 2 shows the purpose of the directories that the FHS requires in the root ( or /) filesystem .
Either the directory or a symbolic link to it must be present , except for those marked as optional , which are required only if the corresponding subsystem is present .
Table 2 . FHS root filesystem Directory Purpose bin Essential command binaries boot Static files of the boot loader dev Device files etc Host - specific system configuration lib Essential shared libraries and kernel modules media Mount point for removable media mnt Mount point for mounting a filesystem temporarily opt Add - on application software packages sbin Essential system binaries srv Data for services provided by this system tmp Temporary files usr Secondary hierarchy var Variable data home User home directories ( optional ) lib< qual >
Alternate format essential shared libraries ( optional ) root Home directory for the root user ( optional )
/usr and / var hierarchies
The /usr and / var hierarchies are complex enough to have complete sections of the FHS devoted to them .
The /usr filesystem is the second major section of the filesystem , containing shareable , read - only data .
It can be shared between systems , although present practice does not often do this .
The /var filesystem contains variable data files , including spool directories and files , administrative and logging data , and transient and temporary files .
Some portions of / var are not shareable between different systems , but others , such as / var / mail , / var / cache / man , / var / cache / fonts , and / var / spool / news , may be shared .
To fully understand the standard , read the FHS document ( see Related topics ) .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
“ Let ’s be honest , Kyrgyzstan is turning into a collapsing state , or at least part of it is , and what was partially responsible is this geopolitical tug of war we had , ” said Alexander A. Cooley , who included Manas in a recent book about the politics of military bases .
“ In our attempts to secure these levers of influence and support the governing regime , we destabilized these state institutions .
We are part of that dynamic . ”
Last week , as pillars of smoke rose off Osh and Jalal - Abad , citizens begged for third - party peacekeepers to replace local forces they suspected of having taken part in the violence .
Roza Otunbayeva , the head of Kyrgyzstan ’s interim government , asked Moscow for peacekeepers , and when that request was denied , for troops to protect strategic sites like power plants and reservoirs .
She asked Washington to contribute armored vehicles from the base at Manas , which she said would be used to transport the dead and wounded , she told the Russian newspaper Kommersant .
So far , Moscow and Washington have responded mostly with humanitarian aid pledges  late on Friday , Russia ’s Defense Ministry said that Ms. Otunbayeva ’s request was still under consideration .
The United States , overextended in Afghanistan and Iraq , has neither the appetite nor the motivation for a new commitment .
Russia , the more obvious player , sees the risks of a deployment outweighing the benefits .
Russian troops would enter hostile territory in south Kyrgyzstan , where Mr. Bakiyev ’s supporters blame Moscow for his overthrow , and Uzbekistan could also revolt against a Russian presence .
Mr. Vlasov , of Moscow State University , said : “ Who are we separating ?
Uzbeks from Kyrgyz ?
Krygyz from Kyrgyz ?
Kyrgyz from some criminal element ?
There is no clearly defined cause of this conflict .
It would be comparable to the decision the Soviet Politburo made to invade Afghanistan  badly thought through , not confirmed by the necessary analytical work . ”
If the explosion of violence was a test case for the Collective Security Treaty Organization , an eight - year - old post - Soviet security group dominated by Russia , it seems to have failed , its leaders unwilling to intervene in a domestic standoff .
In any case , neither the Russian public nor the county ’s foreign policy establishment is pressing the Kremlin to risk sending peacekeepers .
Apple 's new iPhone does n't seem to like being touched much , and the beautiful ( if easily discoloured ) screen scratches too .
Dear dear .
To be fair , the scratching issue only affects the more - clumsy user , and there are only a couple of reports about discolouration in the corner of the screen , but it seems that the majority of iPhone 4s do have an aversion to being touched as sticky fingers are causing huge drops in signal strength .
The problem was first noted by a reader on the MacRumors forum who provided a demonstration video :
Since then tech blog Gizmodo has been canvassing early - adopters and accumulated a bundle of examples showing , in almost every case , that touching the bottom of the phone leads to around three bars being dropped off the indicated signal strength ( which runs up to five ) .
Even worse , a speed test performed by one reader demonstrated the download connection dropped to less than a third ( from 840 Kb/sec to 263 Kb / sec ) when they picked up the phone , a drop which could be slightly mitigated through the use of a leather case .
Which brings us to the conspiracy part of the story – unlike previous iPhones , the latest model was launched along with accessories including the " bump case " , which ( it appears ) would provide enough separation to improve the signal significantly .
A deliberate plan by Apple seems a stretch to us , but it's hard to see how such a widespread problem got missed during development .
Radio modelling can get very complicated , and the plethora of radios and frequencies used by a modern mobile phone adds to that complexity .
In the past companies such as Nokia were able to leverage their vast experience with radio to create phones that just worked better than the competition .
More recently the commoditisation of the radio component has enabled lots more players to create acceptable kit , though it seems in this case Apple may have tripped up .
A few users may be seeing discolouration in the corners of their iPhone 4 screens ( as reported by CNet ) , and some will manage to scratch them too ( also reported by CNet ) , but the killer application for a mobile phone remains the ability to make phone calls , and it seems possible that in all the excitement Apple has forgotten that . ®
By Christopher Rocchio , 06/14/2010
ADVERTISEMENT
Bam Margera allegedly had a not - so - funny run in with a baseball bat over the weekend .
The former , Viva La Bam and Bam's Unholy Union star was allegedly assaulted by a woman wielding a baseball bat around 2 AM on Saturday near his The Note club in West Chester , PA , the Philadelphia Inquirer reported Elizabeth Ray was subsequently arrested and charged with aggravated assault , West Chester Police told the Inquirer , which added Margera spent the night at the hospital with a head injury .
The 59 - year - old Ray proclaimed her innocence after a preliminary hearing on Saturday .
" I 'm innocent and he 's a ' ' just like his movies .
He uses racial slurs , uses the n-word with black in front of it .
He called me the n-word , " Ray , who is black , told the Inquirer .
" I did not hit him , nobody hit him .
" Ray declined to answer when asked by the Inquirer why she and Margera were arguing , citing the fact that she faces charges and is looking for a lawyer .
Margera 's mom April told the Inquirer that her 30 - year - old son suffered a concussion and had a " big lump on his head , " however he was cleared to fly by doctors and planned to travel to the set of the new 3D film on Sunday .
While April was not present at the Saturday morning incident , she claims Ray assaulted her son .
" She hit him over the head with a baseball bat , and she hit him while he was walking to his car , " April told the Inquirer .
" There was no fight .
She 's just crazy and gives him a hard time all the time . "
His fellow riders , many of whom call Voigt a friend , were aghast .
“ It was really hard to see because Jens is amazing , just super tough , ” said Team Garmin - Transitions ’ David Zabriskie , who rode with Voigt on the former CSC squad .
“ When we used to do survival camps , he had the strength of multiple men .
I ’ve never seen him tired .
I ’ve never seen him hurt .
He ’s always happy . ”
Voigt , a rider known for his gutsy attacks during races — including one Monday , when he ended up 14th — was not about to let that horrific accident keep him off his bike .
He had the support of his wife , Stephanie , and their five children to return to the sport , full bore .
Image Bret Lancaster , right , won a sprint to the finish Monday to capture Stage 2 and take the overall lead in the Tour of California .
Credit ... Marcio Jose Sanchez / Associated Press
“ I wanted to believe that I was the chief of my own destiny , that I would n’t end my career like that , ” Voigt said .
“ If I would have retired , I would always feel like a quitter , like there was a piece of my life missing .
I would n’t have been remembered for my 60 wins .
I would have been remembered as the guy who crashed at the Tour de France .
No way did I want that . ”
So Voigt raced at the Tour of Missouri last fall , proving to himself and everyone else that he would not let fear conquer him .
He had studied the videotape of his crash and with the help of experts concluded that no material failure occurred with his bike .
His tires had wobbled on a lip in the road and slipped on a white line , he said .
Now the only evidence of the crash is a tiny blue scar above his right eyebrow , some scars on his left hand and a slight deformity of his right index finger , which had dragged along the road during his fall .
He cannot bend or straighten the finger completely .
“ I can do all the important things in life .
I can eat sushi , ” Voigt said as he mimicked using chopsticks with that right hand .
Home | More Videos | About Us | Contact | Subscribe | Donate
US wants Free Access to your PC
What will it come for next ?
Subscribe to Brasscheck TV
Your e-mail address is kept absolutely private
We make it easy to unsubscribe at any time
SOPA and PIPA , the Weapons of Mass Distraction
Advertisement
It never ends .
Now these pieces of self - propelled garbage want free access to your personal computer any time they want .
The pretense is that illegally copied songs and movies threaten national security , and in order to save the world governments need instant access to your computer any time so they can criminalize you for file sharing .
Ca n't regulate Wall Street .
Ca n't regulate oil companies .
Ca n't regulate Big Pharma or agribusiness , but by God they are going to regulate you right now to every breath you draw and every keystroke you make .
READER COMMENTS ON
" O'Keefe & Fellow Conspirators Plead Guilty to Federal Crime , Sentenced With Slap on Wrist "
( 13 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Dustin said on 5/26/2010 @ 1:48 pm PT ...
He did n't try to tamper with the phones .
Give me a break .
and you 're claiming democrats are persecuted in court ?
What kind of evidence do you have of that ?
The Black Panthers were democrats and they were let off the hook after a default judgment .
The racism charge you direct , regarding O'Keefe 's race , seems random too .
O'Keefe is a journalist .
I realize you lie about the ACORN expose , but the unedited transcripts have been damning for Acorn .
The people have spoken and they do n't condone that organization .
O'Keefe entered a Senator 's office undercover to expose her corruption .
Do you even care if that Senator was corrupt in her handling of the people 's phones ?
by some ( unproven ) accounts , the staffers disabled the phones .
THAT'S tampering .
How did O'Keefe tamper with phones ?
By calling them and picking up a ringing phone ?
The lies about him bugging or disabling phones were long ago debunked .
Now , justice is done .
He is pleading guilty to the accurate but stupid charge that his undercover operation relied on a false pretense , You 're actually lying to accuse him of all these tampering crimes .
Why fight a journalist like that ?
All O'Keefe wants is to video proof a Senator is lying and interfering with her state 's ability to protest Obamacare .
What in the world would possess you to demonize that noble effort ?
Partisanship ?
Pay ?
What 's so funny is that you go on and on about all these lies you claim O'Keefe told , never show how that 's the case , and all the while , you 're the one actually lying and distorting the truth .
O'Keefe committed a misdemeanor .
That 's not an important issue , equivalent to a minor speeding ticket .
This means nothing .
He will earn farm ore money selling his story than the fine .
This entire event is actually really good for him and America .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/26/2010 @ 2:19 pm PT ...
Dustin @ 1 patsied :
He did n't try to tamper with the phones .
Not only did they try , they succeeded !
Did you bother to read the FBI 's affidavit describing his co-conspirators having accessed the phones at Landreiu 's main reception area ?
Do you believe everything you read posted by O'Keefe 's employer Breitbart or something ??
The racism charge you direct , regarding O'Keefe 's race , seems random too .
Not at all .
Do you think if four Muslim men pulled the same stunt in a Republican Senator 's office ( or even a Democratic Senator 's office ) , they'd be let go with a misdemeanor ?
What world do you live in , amigo ?
O'Keefe is a journalist .
No .
He 's not .
He 's a political activist and dirty trickster .
Journalists do not do what he did .
Even bad ones .
I realize you lie about the ACORN expose , but the unedited transcripts have been damning for Acorn .
The people have spoken and they do n't condone that organization .
" The people have spoken " ?
Really ?
Mmm...kay .
But what is my " lie about the ACORN expose " ?
I am aware of none .
And , of course , neither are you .
O'Keefe entered a Senator 's office undercover to expose her corruption .
Do you even care if that Senator was corrupt in her handling of the people 's phones ?
by some ( unproven ) accounts , the staffers disabled the phones .
THAT'S tampering .
There is no evidence --- ZERO --- not even any provided by O'Keefe , Breitbart or their sycophants , that Landrieu was " corrupt in her handling of people 's phones " or that " staffers disabled " them .
You have been played for a patsy and a sucker and appear to enjoy it .
How did O'Keefe tamper with phones ?
By calling them and picking up a ringing phone ?
The lies about him bugging or disabling phones were long ago debunked .
I said nothing about either " bugging or disabling phones " .
Your reading comprehension appears to need as much work as your news and truth comprehension .
Now , justice is done .
He is pleading guilty to the accurate but stupid charge that his undercover operation relied on a false pretense , You 're actually lying to accuse him of all these tampering crimes .
Again , please provide evidence of my " lying " .
Okay ?
Thanks in advance !
Why fight a journalist like that ?
He is not a journalist .
All O'Keefe wants is to video proof a Senator is lying and interfering with her state 's ability to protest Obamacare .
What in the world would possess you to demonize that noble effort ?
Partisanship ?
Pay ?
Neither partisanship nor pay ( unfortunately ) .
Just the quest for the truth .
Ya know , the thing that actual journalists do , as opposed to paid , partisan , pretend ones , like Jimmy and Andy .
What 's so funny is that you go on and on about all these lies you claim O'Keefe told , never show how that 's the case , and all the while , you 're the one actually lying and distorting the truth .
Both James O'Keefe and Andrew Breitbart lied , time and again , in regard to their ACORN hit - job .
We 've got scores of articles here detailing those lies .
Feel free to look around .
Here 's just one of them .
There are many more .
Beginning with the lie that they were running an " ACORN Child Prostitution Investigation " .
O'Keefe committed a misdemeanor .
That 's not an important issue , equivalent to a minor speeding ticket .
This means nothing .
He will earn farm ore money selling his story than the fine .
This entire event is actually really good for him and America .
It 's good for him .
It 's bad for America .
Criminals often make a great deal of money off their crimes .
( See Ollie North , G. Gordon Liddy , George W. Bush , Dick Cheney , etc. )
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... mikey said on 5/26/2010 @ 2:26 pm PT ...
O'Keefe and his Merry little Band of Trickster punk GOP vipers should have been sentenced to do some real hard time in a Federal Prison as Domestic Terrorists and THEN probation .
No " Sweetheart Deals , Ands , Ifs or Buts ... End of Story !!
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Shortbus said on 5/26/2010 @ 2:45 pm PT ...
So , I am wondering the terms of his probation .
Will he be able to roam the country freely and sputter his bullshit or will he have to get a 9 - 5 in his neighborhood , never cross a state border and report twice a month to a probation officer ?
It would be fitting if he had to do his community service at an ACORN office , sad they had to fold .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 5/26/2010 @ 4:47 pm PT ...
Why do sites like TPM continue to refer to this con man as a " conservative film maker " ?
What a load !
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... daleyrocks said on 5/26/2010 @ 4:47 pm PT ...
Brad -
If those " tampering " charges were so strong , why do you think they were withdrawn by Holder 's justice department ?
Read the affadavit , they picked up a handset .
You are a complete flake .
Oh , and O'Keefe " escaped personal accountability in his New Orleans scam . "
Do you mean that court process and settlement agreement that we just read about was fictional ?
Is this case still alive ?
Brad , WTF are you talking about ?
This case went through the court system .
I know you would have preferred to see O'Keefe get 100 lashes , but unless you can point out so flaws in the process , your statement is complete BS , which is in keeping with the tenor of your blog .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 5/26/2010 @ 11:16 pm PT ...
Dustin , ( ________________________o_______________________ ) .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 5/27/2010 @ 4:54 am PT ...
It should say : " Conservative Film Editor " ... not " filmmaker " .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Marzi said on 5/27/2010 @ 8:11 am PT ...
Obviously he pled guilty to avoid a trial which would expose his GOP handlers and dirty tricksters .
The phony critics of Brad 's excellent journalism regarding this case are either brain free or paid to be brain free , which is actually a lot worse .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... dam said on 5/27/2010 @ 8:44 am PT ...
Next time you hear a Republican expound about courts coddling criminals , remind them of this case .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 5/27/2010 @ 8:49 am PT ...
@ Dustin # 1 , You write , All O'Keefe wants is to video proof a Senator is lying and interfering with her state 's ability to protest Obamacare .
Sorry pumpkin , you got it dead wrong .
How ?
Because OKeefe cant even get that story straight .
His purported reasons for this stunt were developed long after he was arrested .
And it ’s a load of complete bs .
Eg , Observe O’keefe lame and hurried excuse for his behavior , issued Jan 29 2010 –
I learned from a number of sources that many of Senator Landrieu ’s constituents were having trouble getting through to her office to tell her that they did n’t want her taking millions of federal dollars ( sic ) in exchange for her vote on the healthcare bill .
When asked about this , Senator Landrieu ’s explanation was that , “ Our lines have been jammed for weeks . ”
I decided to investigate why a representative of the people would be out of touch with her constituents for “ weeks ” because her phones were broken .
In investigating this matter , we decided to visit Senator Landrieu ’s district office – the people ’s office – to ask the staff if their phones were working .
Now , lets see how real O’Keefe ’s premise actually is .
Observe the reaction by Dave Weigel , a real journalist ( with real journalistic integrity ) who has been documenting the Tea - Bag phenomenon and its power players in the recent past --- I noted an error in the statement — the controversy is not over whether Landrieu is “ taking millions of federal dollars , ” but why the Senate added $ 300 million in Medicaid subsidies that stood to benefit Louisiana ....
O’Keefe , trying to clear the air , bends it into a bribery smear .
In order to skirt the onus of responsibility and “ clear the air ” around him , O’Keefe falsifies a reason to commit a criminal act , perhaps all too comfortable in the fact that he has a sitting DA ’s son at his side , and wads of cash ready from the party for whom he works ( despite his lies about being “ independent ” , O’Keefe is , in fact , a far - right hack working for far - right politicians ... it ’s no small thing to have Peter Thiel and Karl Rove in your piggy - bank . )
( Btw ... after blowing so much hot - air about Obama being a purported “ communist ” , I find it interesting that Tea Baggers do n’t raise a single eye - brow over O’Keefe ’s use of the explicitly socialist phrase “ the people ’s office ” ... as contradictory self - deluding as ever , comrade !!!)
O’Keefe doesnt have a clue what he ’s talking about .
He ’s just a liar , and a rich one at that .
There are people doing hard time for far , far less than a professional criminal / liar like James Okeefe .
A few years back , I read about an elderly woman who was sentenced to jail for using the paltry amount of extra food - stamps that the government accidently sent her .
She used the money to feed the several children left in her charge .
She went to jail .
It ’s a testament to the imbalance of justice in this country that a conniving worm such as OKeefe gets only a slap on a wrist for committing such a tremendous breech in a post 9 - 11 world , while an elderly women trying to feed hungry children is punished for the government ’s own mistake ... it certainly pays to have friends in high places !!!!
O’Keefe attempted a felony , and just because he is connected , he gets off with community service and a mere $ 1,500 .
What a joke !!!!
O’Keefe will not only be remembered as a liar and a crook , but a corrupt shill in a corrupt system that favors him for no other reason than his skin color and his connections ... what a shame !!
But rest assured , most people in the country can see through this BS .
O’keefe is a hero only to the fna-base at bigGov.com ... a pack of brain - dead fanaitics who lack the ability ( or the desire ) to think independently and critically about O'Keefe 's over - edited collage of lies .
That ’s the real reason he avoided dealing with almost anyone but Fox News when he broke his ACORN smears .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 5/27/2010 @ 10:58 am PT ...
@ Dustin # 1 , One more thing ---
You write , O'Keefe is a journalist .
I realize you lie about the ACORN expose , but the unedited transcripts have been damning for Acorn .
The people have spoken and they do n't condone that organization .
Again pumpkin , you got it dead wrong .
The transcripts only make James look like the liar he is .
Let 's take this from the top , shall we ?--- 1 ) – O’Keefe is NOT a journalist .
He ’s a propagandist .
Journalists who have real stories generally try to get those stories exposure no matter what ....
ESPECIALLY if it deals with criminal activity .
They do n’t pretend that they are in need of such protection ( ESPECIALLY from a group like ACORN ) that they have to yield the story ONLY to Fox News , the right wing bloggosphere , and no one else .
If O’keefe really was a journalist , he would not have refused to interview about his story on CNN on the very day he first released his tapes ( see james ’s excuse , “ On Why I Refuse to Take Calls From an Intrepid CNN Producer ” , posted on 9 - 11 , the very day after his first release . )
As you can see from O’Keefe ’s illegible rant in cited piece , he and Andrew lied straight through their teeth by pretending to be “ ignored ” by other media .
They claimed ( falsely ) that only Fox would hear them , and everyone else “ ignored ” or “ impugned ” them .
But if they were so ignored , O’Keefe would not have made his lame excuse last September about why he refused to take calls from CNN ( after all , how can you be “ ignored ” by someone who is trying to contact you ? )
See , dear Dusty , that called a lie .... a bold - faced , A1 , first class LIE !
If you say someone is “ ignoring you ” , while simultaneously refusing to answer them when they call on you , then that someone isnt “ ignoring you ” , you are ignoring them , and you are lying about the whole thing .
O’keefe refused to meet with almost any other news group simply because he was afraid to answer questions from people outside of his camp .
It 's really that simple .
He then leveled a verifiably false charge of being “ ignored ” , and you guys fall for it .
( His charge is verifiably false , as per his own statement , which again was read by Rush Limbaugh , the very day after O’Keefe ’s first launch . )
The only people who believed that lie ( despite the proof being right in front of them ) are those who live and die for the far - right echo chamber .
2 ) – Furthermore , the malicious style of lying employed by O’Keefe and co. has been seen before .
For as much as Glenn Beck might rant and rave about the NEA being the modern equivalent of Joseph Goebbels et al. , Beck , Breitbart and O’Keefe nevertheless share entirely TOO MUCH in common with the devious methodology ( and goals ) used by Third Reich propagandists .
One of the signature tactics used by Goebbles and his crew was to malign their political targets by fabricating false evidence of sexual crimes .
That ’s how they managed to smear anyone they wanted out of the picture .
They contrived fake evidence for prostitution , child - molestation , child - smuggling , pornography etc ...
This same method is used by the upper strata of Iran ’s Revolutionary Guard and other such dictatorial regimes .
So O’keefe ( and by extension you , and the rest of the brainless Breitbart - Borg ) can happily claim to be cut from the same cloth as Goebbels , Himmler , Goerring and the rest .
Again , remember that these men assaulted their political targets with false evidence of child - molestation and prostitution .
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree ... these men are the ideational ancestors of James , Hannah , Breitbart , etc ... 3 ) —
And on that note , you should come to terms with the fact that O’keefe DID , in fact LIE about ACORN ... , at this point , only the most devoted BreitBorg - bot would say otherwise .
With respect to this , I have a question that has yet to be answered ---
Why did O’keefe and Giles find it necessary to remove any reference in his posted tapes to “ Kenya ’s ” supposed fear of the abusive pimp , “ Sonny ” , who she claimed physically threatened her and her charges ?
Why , for instance , does the tape from Brooklyn include only a partial quote from Volda , in order to make it sound like she ’s saying something that she really is not ?
You know the bit I am talking about ... it was frequently aired as the epitome of the type of “ corruption ” that James ( falsely ) claimed to be documenting .
James edited the tape to have Volda say that Giles must bury her money in a tin-can in the backyard .
This has been flaunted , by James himself , as encouragement to hide $ $ from the government .
But , against your delusional claim that “ the unedited transcripts have been damning for Acorn , ” the fact remains that the unedited tapes actually make James look like the lying propagandist he really is .
Because when you look at the unedited conversation between Volda and Hannah , you see that Volda is actually advising Hannah to bury her money to hide it from the fictitious “ Sonny ” , who Hannah claims is going to tear up her home to find her cash .
All this is clear now , but James had never before made it clear what was actually occurring in that conversation .
He deliberately edited it to say something it didnt .
And it remains in this partial and misleading form on Youtube .
In fact , it continues to be referenced by far - right wing nuts as such ... despite the easily accessible truth .
( At this point James is not the only liar , but his entire camp is made up of people who prefer hallucination over historical fact . )
James lied .
He lied just like the little nazi twerp he is .
He lied just like the blood - guzzling Karl Rove who he hopes to emulate .
One lies about reason for going to war , the other lies by smearing an organization for the poor as a proxy for Obama .
( And , for all of Hannah ’s lies about “ exposing corruption ” , all of these jerks seem remarkably quiet regarding the REAL crimes of abduction , gang - rape and torture by companies that receive government funding like Blackwater , etc ...
Is there yet another over - bearing “ Zbig ” site to cover that bit of government funded corruption ?
Of course not ...
Breitbart knows exactly who is buttering his bread . )
So why was it necessary to chop -up Volda ’s remark into something it didnt really say ?
Why was it necessary to omit Tresa ’s statement that ACORN “ wont go for this ” ?
Why was it necessary to remove any reference in the posted tapes about the mortal danger which “ Kenya ” ( “ Eden ” , or whatever ) claimed for herself and her companions ?
( A danger , I might add , that many abuse survivors must endure ... a danger not to be mocked by a callous mongrel skank like Hannah Giles . )
Why did Hannah need to wait for james to turn off the camera before she answered his question about Vera ’s taking cell - pictures of them ?
Why has the Philly video been so distorted and mangled ?
O’keefe ’s claim that a pending lawsuit forbade him from releasing the soundtrack for ACORN employees is belied by his subsequent release from Las Angeles ( CA has very similar laws to PA regarding wire - tapping . )
On that note , why was it necessary to chop down what Ms Stewart was saying , and insert commentary by James to falsify Stewart 's statements ?
If you sincerely believe ( or want to believe ) that James didnt lie , what do you call his strategic editing in those ( and several other ) examples ?
I have yet to hear one convincing reason ( let alone a simple acknowledgment ) about these issues from ANYONE at BigGov.com .
They avoid the subject like cooties .
And you know why ?
Because they havent invented a reason yet to excuse their complete lack of integrity or honesty ( and THAT is precisely why they refused to interview with anyone but Fox . )
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Otto said on 5/29/2010 @ 11:53 pm PT ...
I have always been shocked at how little people in the UK know about Opus Dei , the ultra- secretive Catholic organisation mostly present in Spain , Italy and South America , but also active here .
I have more knowledge of it than I would like , having studied at the Opus Dei-owned University of Navarre in Pamplona , northern Spain , in the early 1990s when it was the top university to go to .
On beautiful spring days , in - love couples would keep a distance ( Opus Dei condemns pre-marital sex ) .
Students dressed conservatively .
The system favoured those close to what we called " the cause " , who dominated the clubs or extracurricular groups .
This crowd would also lead tutorials , leaving the contrarians at the back ( I was an independent minority , sitting towards the front ) .
Some students came from Opus Dei- owned schools and knew how to play the system , even if they did n't always follow strict Opus Dei guidance .
Others were full members : rich ( it is a private university ) , smart , attractive 20 - year - olds who avoided the opposite sex in order to avoid temptation .
I had friends among both groups .
Some were helped by a celice , a spiked ring , worn so tightly around their legs that they would bleed , in order to suppress desire .
Opus Dei membership , in theory , is not allowed until 18 , but I knew people who had opted for celibacy at 13 , and had spent years using the celice .
I have stayed in touch with some of my fellow students .
A few have now left the organisation , in some cases rather traumatically .
Not all Opus Dei members are celibate .
The group also includes " supernumeraries " , members who marry and who follow strict guidelines such as daily mass attendance or the Catholic church 's ban on contraception .
Needless to say , Opus Dei sees women as mothers or housewives , and at university boys were given preferential treatment – in my year , a group of male students went on a trip to meet newspaper editors in the US ; women were barred , on the pretext that it was organised by one of the Opus Dei male - only clubs .
The organisation has become more open following the publicity over Dan Brown 's The Da Vinci Code .
It has a website and a communications team aimed at making it look transparent .
But still , Opus Dei members do n't proclaim their allegiance and often meet in anonymous flats or churches .
The group claims that it believes in freedom .
But obsessively insisting to teenagers that pre-marital sex is a sin , or suggesting they wear a celice to help them remain celibate , is far from freedom - enhancing .
Elena Moya
Elena Moya's
The Olive Groves of Belchite is published by Pegasus , and takes inspiration from her time in Pamplona .
She will be discussing her book , and Opus Dei , at the Guardian Hay Festival on 4 June .
FOCUS : ENGLAND'S EXIT :SO WHAT will England do ?
Change the tip of the pyramid and sack Fabio Capello , or examine the entire structure which lies underneath and see if it could serve Capello better ?
Interestingly , England may have come to a crossroads with this World Cup .
Most polls being run in the thoughtful end of the English newspaper market had football followers voting to retain Capello .
Undoubtedly he made mistakes before and in South Africa , but he draws from the shallow end of a quite unhealthy football pool .
English football has failed Fabio more than Fabio has failed English football .
Imagine , for instance , that you are Sam Hutchinson .
Nobody has heard of you but you are in your late teens and quite a talented defender .
Been with Chelsea since you were a nipper .
England Under - 19s , England Under - 21s .
All good .
A few injury problems over the last year or two but you are still part of the cream of the crop .
Nineteen years old and you have made just a couple of first team appearances .
So should you be picking out your Ferarri ?
Should you be alerting MTV that they might want to be featuring your crib in a year or so ?
Will you place an ad in the personal columns of Wag Weekly ?
Probably not , because the downside of playing in the so - called greatest league in the world is that the debt - ridden corporation you turn out for is unlikely to take a chance on you when it has a shedload of expensively acquired foreign talent ahead of you in the queue .
Look around you son .
The last home - grown player to make it at Chelsea was John Terry .
Or you could be Kieran Gibbs at Arsenal .
Tipped for greatness , but not before Gael Clichy breaks a leg and Arsenal can’t find an established international to replace him in a hurry .
Then you might get the 20 games or so needed to bed yourself in .
Now imagine your name is Thomas Mueller and you are a few months older than Sam Hutchinson .
And you are at the World Cup .
You came to Bayern Munich as part of a youth scheme which specialises in gathering in players from Munich and its environs .
Six of the current first team are from the city or just outside .
You came through one of the club ’s talent weekends when up to 500 local kids will play in street league - style games while coaches look for those with natural technique and an understanding of movement .
They raised you to play within the club ’s 4 - 3 - 3 system and coached you how to play in a couple of different positions .
Coming through the system you trained at the same venue with the senior side , played a season in Liga 3 for Bayern ’s second team and continued on stream .
You played 52 first team games for Bayern last year , yet another product of a youth system which has produced Thomas Hitzlsperger , Philip Lahm , Bastien Schweinsteiger , Piotr Trochowski , Andrea Ottle , Toni Kroos and Holger Badstuber , as well as up - coming phenomenons such as David Alaba , the youngest ever Austrian international , and Diego Contento .
By the way , 52 games Thomas ?
Should n’t you be as exhausted as the English lads ?
How come you covered 8,296 metres in the course of the Ghana game then ?
And just short of that in each game since ?
What ’s the matter with you ?
You play in a league with a smattering of foreign talent but one which draws excellent crowds and depends on local players .
You play for a club which turns a profit , owns 80 per cent of it ’s shares ( Adidas and Audi own about 10 per cent each ) and which is run by football men like Uli Hoeness and Karl Heinz Rummenigge .
And this World Cup is becoming your stage .
In those two stories lies England ’s football problem , a problem which having a manager who is paid twice as much as the next best paid manager at the World Cup cannot solve .
The quality end of the Premier League is the place where English players need to be if they are to thrive and develop properly .
The top end of the Premier League , however , is a festering pile of debt - ridden clubs hooked on foreign talent and desperate to keep their lips close to the teat of Champions League action .
The English influence on its own league decreases annually .
The so - called golden generation of English players who travel home from South Africa in what is by now a familiar gown of ignominy are victims of a football culture which leaves them under - prepared for the game at the highest level and a media culture which overhypes them .
The Premier League , with its 100 mph game and its dire financial management , is a poor learning ground at the best of times .
Two - thirds of the clubs live in fear of the financial calamity that is relegation ; the rest live in fear of the tsunami which is failure to qualify for Europe .
In a culture of fear and overspending , managers take fewer and fewer chances on what young talent they do produce .
We know that well looking in from an Irish perspective .
Gifted player after gifted player has been denied the break and the time they needed .
Richie Partridge was once the next big thing at Anfield .
He played one senior game for the club , a 7 - 0 win over Stoke City .
Not enough to earn a second game .
Willo Flood in his Man City days , Graham Barrett and later Anthony Stokes at Arsenal .
Liam Miller when he moved to Manchester United .
The list is endless .
Now with England ’s golden generation trooping off into the sunset the pool of youngsters to replace them is shallow and ( like Theo Walcott with England ) mistrusted within a culture of damage limitation .
Where else would you get a player like Michael Dawson , 26 and still uncapped and yet being talked about in some circles as the England captain for 2014 ?
English clubs play the ball so quick and with such an air of desperation that players bred on the old British virtues of heart and bravery struggle when the game is slowed down and things become more cerebral .
Before Sunday ’s cruel dressing down by the Germans England had demonstrated a worrying tendency to give the ball away unnecessarily .
The Fifa stats for the competition confirm this to be more than just a vague impression .
For instance , while most of the German players maintained at least an 80 per cent completion rate for their passes through their four games to date ( with Per Mertesacker up there with 86 per cent ) , a figure as central to England ’s hopes as Steven Gerrard had a 64 per cent completion rate out of 250 passes : that is , he gave the ball away 90 times in the course of four games .
John Terry was the only English player even to hit the 80 per cent mark .
When you start with such a level of technical handicap that your star midfielder gives the ball away one in every three times he gets it things are all uphill from there .
Incidentally , Toni Kroos , the young German , has had limited exposure so far but is a statistical oddity : he has a 100 per cent completion across the board .
The English game is like the Wall Street of two , three years ago : storied , the brand leader at what it does but on the brink of collapse because all its castles are built in the air .
It would be no harm to be able to afford fewer and fewer € 170,000 - a- week foreign stars , no bad thing to legislate for the phasing out of mass debts , a good idea to look at ownership issues .
It ’s necessary to look at the national coaching policy with the aim of producing less muscle and more imagination .
The dearth of truly creative players coming through England ’s youth academies is alarming .
It ca n’t be there are n’t kids with creativity in them ; just , in a culture of fear , the risk has to be taken out of the football and the kid must be strait - jacketed into a system .
The scant dividend of a palsied football culture was what England experienced in the last four games , the shuddering realisation that technically they were no better than the best of the weakest of the teams they faced .
Fabio Capello can’t change that , he can only work with what he is given .
The task is to change the cloth and not the tailor .
There ’s a lot of crap out there in google land when you try and search for a offline version of drupal ’s documentation .
I ’ve been searching for this for quite some time and never came across the final bullet proof solution for offline drupal documentation .
You basically have to use the API module and set up a local drupal site to create and serve the documentation , somewhat cumbersome , but as far as I can tell there is no better way right now .
Full instructions are here :
The language of Coq
Prop
Type
Prop is the sort for propositions , i.e. well - formed propositions are of type Prop .
Typical propositions are : ∀ A B : Prop , A /\ B -> B \/ B ∀ x y : Z , x * y = 0 -> x = 0 \/ y = 0 and new predicates can be defined either inductively , e.g. : Inductive even : N ->
Prop := | even_0 : even 0 | even_S n : odd n -> even ( n + 1 ) with odd : N ->
Prop := | odd_S n : even n -> odd ( n + 1 ) .
or by abstracting over other existing propositions , e.g. :
Definition divide ( x y:N ) := ∃ z , x * z = y.
Definition prime x := ∀ y , divide y x -> y = 1 \/ y = x .
is the sort for propositions , i.e. well - formed propositions are of type .
Typical propositions are : and new predicates can be defined either inductively , e.g. : or by abstracting over other existing propositions , e.g. :
Type is the sort for datatypes and mathematical structures , i.e. well - formed types or structures are of type Type .
Here is e.g. a basic example of type : Z -> Z * Z Types can be inductive structures , e.g. : Inductive nat : Set := | 0 : nat | S : nat -> nat .
Inductive list ( A : Type ) : Type := | nil : list A | cons : A -> list A -> list A. or types for tuples , e.g. : Structure monoid := { dom :
Type ; op : dom -> dom -> dom where " x * y " := ( op x y ) ; id : dom where " 1 " := id ; assoc : ∀ x y z , x * ( y * z ) = ( x * y ) * z ; left_neutral : ∀ x , 1 * x = x ; right_neutral : ∀ x , x * 1 = x }. or a form of subset types called Σ - types , e.g. the type of even natural numbers : {n : N | even n} Coq implements a functional programming language supporting these types .
For instance , the pairing function of type Z -> Z * Z is written fun x => ( x , x ) and cons ( S ( S O ) ) ( cons ( S O ) nil ) ( shortened to 2::1: : nil in Coq ) denotes a list of type list nat made of the two elements 2 and 1 .
Using Σ - types , a sorting function over lists of natural numbers can be given the type : sort : ∀ ( l : list nat ) , {l' : list nat | sorted l' /\ same_elements l l'} where sorted is a predicate that expresses that a list is sorted ; and same_elements says if two lists contain the same elements .
On the contrary , a sorting function in a " poor " type system could only be given the following less informative type : sort : list nat -> list nat Such a type ( specification ) enforces the user to write the proofs of predicates sorted l' and same_elements l l ' when writing a implementation for the function sort .
Then , functions over inductive types are expressed using a case analysis : Fixpoint plus ( n m:nat ) { struct n} : nat := match n with | O => m | S p => S ( p + m ) end where " p + m " := ( plus p m ) .
Coq can now be used as an interactive evaluator .
Issuing the command Eval compute in ( 43+55 ) ( where 43 and 55 denote the natural numbers with respectively 43 and 55 successors ) returns 98 : nat
Proving in coq
intro n
n
nat
fun ( n:nat ) => _
Inductive seq : nat ->
Set := | niln : seq 0 | consn : forall n : nat , nat -> seq n -> seq ( S n ) .
Fixpoint length ( n : nat ) ( s : seq n ) { struct s} : nat := match s with | niln =>
0 | consn i _ s' =>
S ( length i s ' ) end .
Theorem length_corr : forall ( n : nat ) ( s : seq n ) , length n s = n. Proof. intros n s. (* reasoning by induction over s.
Then , we have two new goals corresponding on the case analysis about s ( either it is niln or some consn *) induction s. (*
We are in the case where s is void .
We can reduce the term : length 0 niln *) simpl . (*
We obtain the goal 0 = 0 . *) trivial . (* now , we treat the case s = consn n e s with induction hypothesis IHs *) simpl . (*
The induction hypothesis has type length n s = n .
So we can use it to perform some rewriting in the goal : *) rewrite IHs . (*
Now the goal is the trivial equality : S n = S n *) trivial . (*
Now all sub cases are closed , we perform the ultimate step : typing the term built using tactics and save it as a witness of the theorem .
*) Qed .
length_corr = fun ( n : nat ) ( s : seq n ) => seq_ind ( fun ( n0 : nat ) ( s0 : seq n0 ) => length n0 s0 = n0 ) ( refl_equal 0 ) ( fun ( n0 _ : nat ) ( s0 : seq n0 ) ( IHs : length n0 s0 = n0 ) => eq_ind_r ( fun n2 : nat => S n2 = S n0 ) ( refl_equal ( S n0 ) ) IHs ) n s : forall ( n : nat ) ( s : seq n ) , length n s = n
Coq is a proof assistant .
It means that it is designed to develop mathematical proofs , and especially to write formal specifications , programs and proofs that programs comply to their specifications .
An interesting additional feature of Coq is that it can automatically extract executable programs from specifications , as either Objective Caml or Haskell source code .
Properties , programs and proofs are formalized in the same language called the Calculus of Inductive Constructions ( CIC ) .
Then , all logical judgments in Coq are typing judgments : the very heart of Coq is in fact a type - checking algorithm .
Coq objects are sorted into two categories : thesort and thesort : Proof development in Coq is done through a language of tactics that allows a user - guided proof process .
At the end , the curious user can check that tactics build lambda - terms .
For example the tactic , whereis of type , builds the term ( with a hole ) : where _ represents a term that will be constructed after , using other tactics .
Here is an example of a proof in the Coq system : Using the Print command , the user can look at the proof - term generated using the tactics :
New Australian PM pledges more consultation with industry and voters to win support for an issue that has divided the nation
Apple is using a bonding agent called Organofunctional Silane Z-6011 to bond the layers of glass .
Apparently , Apple ( or more likely Foxconn ) is shipping these products so quickly that the evaporation process is not complete .
However , after one or two days of use , especially with the screen on , will complete the evaporation process and the yellow " blotches " will disappear .
How do I know ?
I was involved in pitching Z-6011 to Apple .
We 're starting to hear a few reports of the dreaded yellow spots disappearing from the iPhone 4's display after a day or so of use .
Interestingly , someone posting on the AppleInsider forums seems to know why :
If this can be trusted , it 's very good news for those afflicted -- though hopefully Apple will keep to its usually painless replacement policy for defective phones either way .
We are still seeing some mentions of the spots sticking around , fading in and out based on the heat of the phone , but we 'll give it another day or two to really see how much of a problem is going to be .
Let us know how yours fares .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
Bolivia 's government on Sunday issued a decree taking control of a small antimony plant owned by Switzerland 's Glencore International AG , according to local media reports .
The move came a day after President Evo Morales issued executive decrees nationalizing three power companies and a power distributor , in the latest step toward wider state control over the country 's providers of basic services .
" From ...
It seems like the entire United Kingdom ( at least those who are n't out partying it up with Patsy Kensit at the Met Bar ) has emailed us in the last two minutes to clue us in on the fact that O2 has posted its new iPhone 4 pricing .
It looks like your beloved " unlimited 3G " plans of are a thing of the past -- instead , you 'll be paying for up to 1GB of data of month .
As you approach the limit , a text message will notify you and let you purchase an 500 MB for £ 5 or 1GB for £ 10 .
How very AT&T of them , eh ?
But do n't worry , kids !
Texting is still unlimited .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ... and we mean everyone . ]
Image caption Karachi 's police travel under tight security for fear of attack
Police in Pakistan 's largest city , the port of Karachi , say the Taliban are increasing in numbers and appointing new leaders .
The sprawling southern city , with its population of about 18 million , is an ideal place for militants to get lost in the crowd .
" The Taliban are clever enough to keep a low profile , but their presence is growing , " said a local police chief who has been fighting them for years .
He is in charge of Sohrab Goth , a down - at - heel district of four million on the edge of the city , which is a Taliban safe haven .
The chief asked not to be named .
" I'm on enough hit lists already , " he said .
Karachi has been under an intense international spotlight since the failed Times Square attack .
Image caption Sohrab Goth 's narrow streets make it an ideal hiding place
Faisal Shahzad , the Pakistani - born US citizen who has pleaded guilty to carrying out the attack , had Karachi connections .
During a trip there last year he is alleged to have met a militant go - between .
Shahzad has been charged with terrorism offences in an indictment which alleges he received training and financial help from the Pakistan Taliban .
They are consolidating their operations in Karachi , according to the police chief .
He says they are creating a new tier of local leaders in areas they control , rather than relying on one overall ' Emir ' , as in the past .
Pakistan 's financial capital offers the Taliban rich pickings .
For the most part this is where they make money , not where they strike .
They raise funds through extortion , bank robberies and kidnappings - money that is funnelled back to training camps and bases in the tribal areas , where suicide bombings are planned .
The chief took us on a tour of the dust - caked streets of Sohrab Goth in his one - and - only armoured personnel carrier .
It 's so new the plastic is still on the seats .
We visited an industrial area where the Taliban operated a simple but effective extortion racket by padlocking factories ' doors .
Business owners had to pay the militants to remove the locks .
Police say when they moved in on the gang involved last June , a gun battle erupted .
Five militants were killed on the spot , but a few managed to melt away .
That 's easy to do here .
We were shown a warren of narrow alleyways where they come to take cover , and to stash their spoils .
The streets are so narrow , police cannot drive in .
" We can't patrol , " the chief said .
" They can commit crimes in any part of Karachi and come back here to hide .
It 's very difficult to make arrests here . "
Sohrab Goth has another great advantage for the militants .
They blend in , among their own people .
The locals are Pashtuns , the same ethnic group as the Taliban .
Western recruits
But the militants are eager to broaden their horizons beyond Pakistan , according to a former foot soldier .
The 21 - year - old , who is now lying low in Karachi , told us they were looking to the West for recruits .
He said the issue was discussed in Waziristan , where he was trained .
" The discussion at meetings was that we should try to meet people from Britain or the United States or other countries and we should tell them it's their duty to recruit people , " he said .
Image caption The Taliban want recruits from the West , a former militant tells the BBC
The former fighter said he was recruited at the age of 17 and fought with the Taliban in the Swat valley before parting company with them last year , at his mother 's request .
He answered our questions without hesitation but kept the meeting brief , due to his fear of arrest .
Security experts say the Taliban in Karachi present a new threat for Pakistan and the West , because they are forging links with other militant networks and splinter groups .
" They have started to co-operate , " said another senior police officer , who also spoke anonymously .
" They can help each other , and these splinter groups can do anything . "
One study of militant strength in the city suggested as many as 17 different militant organisations and splinter groups were present .
Groups are getting harder to track because they are fracturing , according to Muhammed Amir Rana of the Pakistan Institute for Peace Studies , who monitors militant networks .
" Authorities will only know about new groups after they have committed an attack , " he said .
While the Times Square attack failed , Faisal Shahzad managed to pass unnoticed from the shadowy back streets of Karachi to the bright lights of Times Square .
The question for investigators in Pakistan and the West is how many others could do the same ?‬‪
Experts warn that the Pakistani diaspora in the US and the UK could provide eager recruits .
Running is an intensely mental sport .
Often the barriers in our training and racing are not physical , but are mental road blocks .
Overcoming them and believing that we can run faster or longer is a crucial component of reaching our full running potential .
Countless times I have finished a race and thought , “ I could have run faster ” or “ My head was n’t in that race . ”
What happened ?
Those races were failures of the mind , not the body .
I was ready to run fast physically , but mentally there was something missing .
The excuses during my 12 years of racing have been endless : I heard my first mile split and decided to bag the race …
I fell asleep on the third lap … I got bored after the 5th mile and lost contact with the pack … I forgot how to hurt …
These excuses reflect an inability of the mind to push past small obstacles ( because they are small ) and force the body to be as competitive as possible .
Looking back on my running career , I have had so many opportunities to race fast but often I was n’t mentally ready .
What happens when mental barriers are knocked down ?
What happens when the seemingly impossible – or supposedly difficult – enters the realm of possibility ?
Breaking Records – The Cascade Effect
In the professional running circuit , world and American records are n’t broken very frequently in the distance events .
Not only is it incredibly physically demanding , but the mental stress of trying for a record is intense .
Certain events however have interesting stigmas attached to them .
The American 5 k record was held by Bob Kennedy until recently .
He ran 12:58.21 in 1996 to break his own American record of 12:58.75 .
He also became the first American to break the elusive 13 minute barrier for 5,000 meters .
After he set his record , it stood for 13 long years .
Last year , Dathan Ritzenhein smashed the record by nearly two seconds and ran 12:56.27 .
Only a week later Matt Tegenkamp ran 12:58.56 .
The American record fell again on June 4 , 2010 as Bernard Lagat ran 12:54.12 .
Chris Solinsky ran 12:56.66 in the same race , taking 16 seconds off his personal best time and making this the first time in history that two Americans broke 13 minutes in the same race .
In less than a year , four Americans dipped under 13 minutes for 5 k and the record fell twice .
Quite the year !
Chris Solinsky broke the American 10 k record in May , 2010 running 26:59 – becoming the first American to run under 27 minutes for 10,000 meters .
How long do you think it will take for a slew of Americans to dip under 27 minutes ?
The same progression played out for the “ mythical ” 4 minute mile when Roger Bannister ran 3:59 in 1954 .
Just 46 days
later , John Landy ran 3:58 .
Deemed a feat no human could perform , running under 4 minutes for a mile has since been done by thousands of athletes .
The world record is now a stunning 3:43.13 by Morocco ’s Hicham El Guerrouj .
Overcoming Mental Blocks for Huge PR’s
Believing you can do something can help you achieve lofty goals that you once thought were almost unachievable .
Set your sights on seemingly impossible personal records and then mercilessly work toward them .
There are people who think they can and people who think they can ’t .
Both are right .
During my senior year in college I raced significantly faster simply because I set “ almost unachievable ” goals .
During indoor track , I ran 4 seconds faster for 800 meters than my previous PR because I set a goal that was ten seconds faster than my best .
Sure , I failed because I did n’t run ten seconds faster .
But I set an enormous PR for such a short race .
Ultimately , I knew that I would n’t run ten seconds faster .
But I knew that goal would help me run faster overall .
Similarly , I took 24 seconds off my 3,000 m PR by setting an “ unrealistic ” goal of sub - 9 minutes .
A decade ago , I never thought I could run under 5 minutes for the mile .
At that point in my career , I did n’t think I could run under 5 minutes for the first mile in a 3,000 meter race .
After three races , I had run 9:04 with a 4:50 first mile – 24 seconds faster than the season before .
Every example here shows that you ’re faster than you think – you just need to start racing like it .
I have since stopped trying to make small improvements when I ’m attempting a personal record .
Why try to run 2 - 3 seconds faster when I can try to run 20 - 30 seconds faster ?
I might fail , but I will race faster than if I attempted a smaller goal .
Believing you can’t race faster is an enormous limiting factor for many people .
The next time you lace up your racing shoes , break through those mental barriers that make you think you ca n’t PR by a large margin .
You absolutely can .
You just need to believe it .
Follow Jason on Twitter !
Stop Sign photo credit : Hoyasmeg
The PoP !
Stars narrow it down to the cream of the crop in categories ranging from ( but not limited to ) Comics , Movies , Toys and Geek Culture in general .
This is the PoP !
Top 6 - Pack .
Joss Whedon ’s characters have a habit of … dying .
He was never shy of offing his main characters , not even his favorite ones ( see the case of X - Men ’s Kitty Pryde , seemingly doomed in space up until recently ) .
With so much work for the Grim Reaper , it is almost hard to pick up only the top six deaths to ever occur in the Whedon - verse .
ALMOST .
6. Tara Maclay ( Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Season 6 )
Tara ( Amber Benson ) came into our lives in Season 4 of BtVS as Willow ’s ( Alyson Hannigan ) new friend and fellow “ witch , ” who eventually became her lover as Willow came out of the closet .
Tara was a popular character and her romance with Willow was one of the loveliest things ever written by Whedon and his team of writers .
During Season 6
Willow got deeper and deeper into witchcraft , finding interest in dark magics while Tara vocally showed her protest .
This caused frictions in their relationship throughout the whole season , while Willow was drawn into magic more and more .
After a sad breakup , Willow decided to please Tara and they got back together .
This reunion was happy but short , since the leader of The Trio ( three geeks united together against Buffy and the Scoobies ) , Warren Mears ( Adam Busch ) , seeks revenge on Buffy after his plans go awry .
A stray bullet from his gun while attempting to kill Buffy in her own yard , hits the bedroom window of Willow and Tara , killing the latter just as the two lovers had a talk .
Obviously , it drove Willow over the edge and she succumbed fully to the dark process she was going through .
In what seemed like Jean Grey going fully Dark Phoenix , Willow brutally murdered Warren and was about to destroy reality , but thanks to the love of her friends she got back to herself .
In a bizarre turn of events , Amber Benson and Adam Busch date in real life .
Still not as creepy as Michael C. Hall marrying his sister on Dexter , Jennifer Carpenter .
5. Doyle ( Angel , Season 1 )
During its first season Angel had a very small cast : Angel ( David Boreanaz ) , Cordelia ( Charisma Carpenter ) and new character Doyle ( Glenn Quinn ) .
He was a half demon with problems caused to him due to his supernatural abilities , and a link to The Powers That Be , a mysterious group of know - it - all figures that were running the show ( pun not intended ) and guided Angel .
Doyle was in love with Cordelia , who still suffered from the bitch image stuck to her in BtVS and tried to start a career as an actress ; instead she was sucked into helping Angel with his detective / supernatural adventures .
When a tribe of half demons was in danger of death , Doyle sacrificed his own life to stop a device that was about to do that ( and also destroy Los Angeles ) .
A moment before his death , Doyle kissed Cordelia and passed her his premonition ability .
His appearance in the show was short , but Doyle ’s ultimate sacrifice played a big part in the coming seasons .
While Whedon claimed he planned to get rid of Doyle that soon , one of the reasons the character was killed was Quinn ’s drug addiction .
In 2002 the actor died of an overdose and the episode “ Long Day ’s Journey ” ( Ep. 9 , Season 4 ) was dedicated to him .
4. Joyce Summers ( Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Season 5 )
For the most part , Joyce ( Kristine Sutherland ) was indeed a background character .
Being Buffy ’s ( Sarah Michelle Gellar ) mom , for the very early seasons she had no idea about her daughter ’s greatest secret and dealings with the underworld .
Occasional spotlights on the character ( like in Season 3 ’s “ Band Candy ” ) fleshed her out a bit and when she eventually found out ( and accepted ) Buffy ’s fate , Joyce had become a bigger part of her daughter ’s life .
In Season 5 a new character appeared out of nowhere , Dawn — Buffy ’s little sister .
A being of mystical origin , Dawn was at first acknowledged by the other characters , but a short time later when her true origin was unveiled , she was welcomed by the Scoobies and especially Joyce .
At the same time , Joyce was diagnosed with a brain tumor and went through several procedures that affected her behavior .
Eventually , it seemed like the tumor was cured and Joyce started recovering , when an aneurysm suddenly caused her demise .
Buffy found her lying on the couch , breathless , with a shock on her face .
Not in a fight with vampires , nor sacrificing herself to save the world ; Joyce Summers died just like that .
The episode dealing with her death was one of the most memorable episodes of the TV show and it affected Buffy and Dawn ’s life in so many aspects , leaving the young woman now in charge of a sister she never really had .
3. Angel ( Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Season 2 )
One of the worst things that could happen to a teenage girl ( or any female , really ) is when the man or boy she loves , the one she chooses to have sex for the first time with turns his shoulder to her the morning after .
In the biggest twist BtVS had at the time , Buffy celebrates her 17th birthday .
Her romantic relationship with the two centuries old cursed vampire with a soul , Angel , had reached a focal point and they decide to have sex , Buffy ’s first time .
Part of Angel ’s curse was that if and when he feels the happiest moment in his life , he ’ll lose his soul and turn back to a murderous bloodsucker .
And lo and behold , his night with Buffy was that exact moment .
Now back to his villainous roots , Angelus becomes Buffy ’s greatest nemesis and reunites with his old bodies , Spike and Drusilla ( Angelus old flame , a woman he drove crazy before siring ) .
In the end of the season Buffy had one final confrontation with Angelus , attempting to stop his plans of opening a portal to Hell .
At the same time , Willow tries to complete a spell that will give Angelus his soul back .
As the portal opens and Buffy is standing victorious in battle , Willow ’s spell succeeds .
Buffy , realizing Angel is back , looking at his shocked look when she kisses him and stabs him with a sword that sucks him into the portal , then closes it .
Angel returned later in Season 3 as a broken man and had rebuilt his humanity with the aid of Buffy ( a process that eventually drove him into leaving Sunnydale and begin his own quest in L.A. ) , but this scene of death , Buffy ’s alleged murder of her lover in order to save the world — that ’s part of the essence that makes the Buffyverse what it is .
2. Hoban ‘ Wash ’ Washburn ( Serenity )
The TV show Firefly was short - lived , but thankfully Whedon managed to gather enough finances to write and direct a follow - up film called Serenity ( Firefly is the type of spacecraft used by the heroes , Serenity was its appropriate title ) that continued the adventures of Captain Mal Reynolds ( Nathan Fillion ) and his team of space pirates / adventurers .
In a universe where humanity left Earth for new ventures , multiple star systems make their new home , and altogether it ’s a bizarre mixed culture .
In the TV show the Serenity crew got involved with Dr. Simon Tam ( Sean Maher ) and his silent / crazy / gifted sister River ( Summer Glau ) , and most of their days have been spent escaping from the dictatorial Alliance or trying not to run into Reavers ( a species that can only be described as “ space cannibals ” ) .
In the movie the story continues and the Serenity ’s target becomes much bigger .
An agent of the Alliance ( Chiwetel Ejiofor ) gets closer and closer to Simon and River and the threat of the Reavers is imminent than ever .
All almost comes to a closure when a fleet of Reaver ships prey on the small transportation ship and in his most daring moment Serenity ’s pilot Wash ( Alan Tudyk ) – husband to Zoe ( Gina Torres ) , Mal ’s second - in - command – maneuvers his beloved spacecraft into safety and lands it on the planet the team was heading to .
Wash rejoices and his pals have a sigh of relief , when a sudden Reaver harpoon smashes through Serenity and impales Wash ’s chest , killing him instantly .
Another favorite character , another painful death .
What is wrong with you , Joss Whedon ?!
1. Jenny Calendar ( Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Season 2 )
My favorite character in BtVS was Rupert Giles ( Anthony Stewart Head ) , Buffy ’s Watcher .
At first he seemed like an aging bookworm , an English nerd .
Over the course of the series it was revealed that in his youth Giles was a rebellious musician and tried to distance himself from his destiny as a Watcher , but practiced dark magics under the alias “ Ripper . ”
In any event , Rupert eventually became the person he is and embraced his calling .
Before all his secrets were out , it was very nice to see Giles finding a soul - mate in fellow teacher Jenny Calendar ( Robia Lemorte ) .
Jenny was Willow ’s computer science teacher , but in Season 2 it was revealed that her real name was Jenna Kalderash from the same Gypsy tribe that cursed Angelus and gave him a soul many decades ago .
Jenny “ found ” the truth about Sunnydale and Buffy in the end of Season 1 , but apparently she knew about these all along , sent to watch over Angel .
After Angelus returns ( see entry # 3 ) and Jenny ’s secrets are out , she tries to make up for lying to Giles and the others by creating a spell that will restore Angel ’s soul ( the same spell later found and used by Willow ) .
Angelus becomes aware of her plans and hunts her in the middle of the night at Sunnydale High , snapping her neck in one of the most horrifying moments seen in the duration of the show .
However , Angelus ’ misdeed ai n’t over yet :
Later that night Giles returns to his home and finds roses , romantic music and candles decorating the living room .
A note , seemingly from Jenny , directs him upstairs .
Arriving to his bedroom – with the watchers sensing what ’s about to wait him in there – and the happiness on his face fast becomes shock and sadness as he realizes Jenny lies dead on his bed .
Afterwards , Giles overcomes the shock and replaces it with a sense of revenge .
His pain is later used by Angelus for his evil plans , and when the vampire is gone to Hell Giles is almost satisfied .
His emotions will resurface later when Angel returns ( hidden by Buffy ) later in Season 3 .
Honorable Mentions : Buffy Summers ( BtVS , Seasons 1 , 5 ) , Spike ( BtVS , Season 7 ) , Cordelia Chase ( Angel , Season 5 ) , Topher Brink ( Dollhouse , Season 2 ) , Bennett Halverson ( Dollhouse , Season 2 ) , Warren Mears ( BtVS , Season 6 ) , Lindsey McDonald ( Angel , Season 5 ) , Lilah Morgan ( Angel , Season 4 ) , Penny ( Dr. Horrible ’s Sing - Along Blog ) .
Tomer Soiker ’s death scene will be brutally detailed in ‘ Beans : The Not - So - Silent Killer ’ .
tsoiker@panelsonpages.com
Filed Under : Columns • PoP! Top 6 - Pack
Pledge “ 100laptop ”
" I will purchase the $ 100 laptop at $ 300 but only if 100,000 other will do the same . "
— Mike Liveright , digital charity supporter
Deadline to sign up by : 31st October 2006
3,677 people signed up , 96323 more were needed
More details
Nicholas Negroponte has previewed of the $ 100 laptop that he has designed for students in the developing world .
" One Laptop Per Child - a Preview of the Hundred Dollar Laptop http://www.worldchanging.com/archives/00... "
The suggestion has been made that he also offer it for sale for ~ $ 300 to the rest of us so that we do have an interesting machine and can help to support the cost computers for the developing world .
If he does offer it , then I will buy one at three times the cost and thus contribute to supplying two to the proposed users .
I suggest that you might want to also pledge so that he would consider this " We Purchase , They Benefit " option .
