Flagella -- real and fictional
( And how some reviewers of books by religious authors ignore relevant facts )
By Mark Perakh
Posted May 12 , 2008
1. Claremont Review of Books about the latest book by Michael Behe
In a recent issue of the Claremont Review of Books ( v. VIII , No. 2 , 2008 ) Joseph M. Bessette reviewed books by Owen Gingerich [ 1 ] , Francis Collins [ 2 ] , and Michael Behe [ 3 ] .
All three authors are scientists who are religious .
This fact seems to invoke Bessette 's sympathy , as he does not limit his discussion to the specific merits or weaknesses of the reviewed books but also offers certain notions aimed at the justification of the three authors ' faith .
At the beginning of his review , Bessette argues in favor of faith by asserting that " those who would conclude that science tilts the scales toward atheism , must confront two inconvenient facts . "
One such fact , according to Bessette , is that many ( or even most ) great scientists ( he specifically refers to Kepler and Galileo ) were deeply religious ; the second fact is that , according to Bessette , in the USA today 40 % of scientists believe in a personal God .
The debate between theists and atheists has a long and convoluted history , wherein multiple arguments of various degree of sophistication have been offered , rebutted , re-offered , etc. , time and time again ( see , for example , many pertinent entries in the New Encyclopedia of Unbelief , ed. Tom Flynn , Prometheus Books , 2008 ) .
Given that history , it seems to me that Bessette 's argument is one of the weakest ever suggested in favor of faith .
How could Bessette know that atheists indeed construe his two facts ( assuming they are true ) as " inconvenient " ?
Has he conducted a poll of the atheistic scientists ?
To my mind , most atheistic scientists see no " inconvenience " in either the faith of Keplers and Galileos or in the religious beliefs ( if true ) of those 40 % of scientists Bessette refers to .
They rather construe these facts as irrelevant .
The likes of Kepler and Galileo , as great scientists as they were , were products of their time and their social environment .
They were products of their upbringing and education , when faith permeated every pore of the society and of the social order .
Likewise , a similar statement can be made about those 40 % of contemporary scientists in the USA who overwhelmingly inherited their faith from their parents and adhere to it throughout their lives because of having emotionally absorbed it in their childhood .
Moreover , it is commonly known that even the most formidable contributors to science , while certainly great authorities in their fields , quite regularly happen to be patently wrong in some other respects .
The great Russian chemist Dmitri Mendeleev , the discoverer of the periodic table of elements which justifiably is acknowledged as one of the most important discoveries of all times , was an implacable enemy of Arrhenius 's theory of electrolytic dissociation .
Mendeleev was wrong in that .
Newton spent more time on various pseudo - scientific endeavors than on his theory of gravity .
Bessette 's argument from authority has no evidentiary value insofar as the controversy between theists and atheists is concerned .
Likewise , the reference to 40 % of scientists believing in a personal God can easily be reversed against Bessette 's thesis .
Indeed , if we resort to such statistics , supposedly supporting arguments favoring faith , what about the 60 % of scientists who , according to Bessette 's assertion , do not believe in a personal God ?
Of course , I am far from suggesting that the number -- 60 % -- has any significance .
These numbers are irrelevant as the controversy hardly can be solved via a popular vote .
Moreover , the assertion about the supposed inconvenience experienced by atheistic scientists at the sight of many of their colleagues believing in this or that God might perhaps make some sense if the overwhelming majority of those believers unanimously shared the same kind of faith .
In fact , the differences between various kinds of faith are sometimes more drastic than the differences between theists and atheists .
Even if we ignore the incompatibility of , say , beliefs of Christian and Muslims ( that caused centuries - long wars ) or between Bahais and Budhists , or Sikhs and Wiccans , etc. , various denominations of the same Christian faith are often so contrary to each other ( causing bloodshed even in our times ) that those religious scientists who adhere to specific kinds of beliefs are more reasonably expected to experience " inconvenience " at the sight of other religious scientists sharing different sets of sectarian preferences .
I think Bessette 's thesis about two " inconvenient " facts may be dismissed as irrelevant .
Bessette 's review does not mention the multiple reviews of the same books that appeared elsewhere , both in print and online ( since this essay is mainly about Behe 's , see , for example reviews of Behe 's book [ 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 -- and many more ] ) .
Most of those reviews are more critical of the books in question than is Bessette 's review .
Some of the critics even pointed to elementary errors in Behe 's latest book ( like his erroneous statement regarding HIV viruses , as revealed by SA Smith in her blog ERV [ 8 ] ; pushed into a corner , Behe was forced to grudgingly admit his error -- a very rare occurrence in the ID advocates ' entire output , not because errors are rare there , but because they mostly pretend not to notice critique revealing their errors ) .
To avoid creating the impression of bias , Bessette perhaps should have at least mentioned those negative commentaries , or , even better , evince his opinion of the critique in question .
Since he chose not to do so , this seems to make plausible the assumption that not all facts are " convenient " for reviewers like Bessette .
While Bessette devotes attention to the faith ( or lack thereof ) of scientists , he seems to have little interest in the scientific contents of the reviewed books .
Let us discuss some of such items , mainly regarding Behe 's position .
I 'll not discuss Bessette 's attitude to Gingerich and Collins because both Gingerich and Collins do not support " Intelligent Design , " are both serious , highly productive scientists , whose personal religious beliefs are nobody 's business , as these beliefs do not interfere with their genuinely scientific work .
Behe , on the other hand , is one of the most energetic proponents of pseudo - science of " Intelligent Design . "
Unlike many of other Intelligent Design advocates , Behe accepts most of the concepts of evolutionary biology , such as common descent , and even concedes that " God " can be evil .
His only surviving claim for Intelligent Design is that the " Darwinian " mechanism can't account for big evolutionary changes , therefore the mutations that drive evolution must be inserted by some intelligent hand .
The details of his argument have been decisively refuted by competent molecular geneticists , and published in real scientific journals .
Behe 's argument wherein he has used as allegedly convincing assertion the notion that " if it looks like a duck etc. , than it must be a duck " is illogical on its face .
Many things are not what they look to be .
All mimicry is based on the deceiving appearance not corresponding to what is beneath that appearance .
Instead of delving into the details of Behe 's second book [ 3 ] , which have been critiqued at length in many reviews ( like those mentioned above ) , I 'll discuss an argument which is regularly offered in the Intelligent Design advocates ' discourse , but , to my knowledge , has not yet been clearly repudiated .
2. Behe and images of flagellum
I 'll turn now to a creationists ' ( including ID advocates ' like Behe ) habit of misleading their unsuspecting audiences with arguments that are too close to be in fact fraudulent .
Here is a vivid illustration .
On February 15 , 2008 I happened to debate Michael Behe on TV , in a program hosted by Larry Kane of Comcast network , Philadelphia , PA .
( The invitation to participate in this event sent to me by the show 's producer , indicated that I 'd be " interviewed " by Kane .
When , on the eve of the event , I learned that simultaneously with me Kane would also interview Behe , thus making it rather more of a debate moderated by Kane , over a TV link , it was too late for me to refuse to participate ) .
While Behe was invited to sit in Larry Kane 's studio , I had to participate in the debate from a PBS studio in San Diego , CA .
Kane and Behe could see both me and themselves on a screen in Kane 's well lit studio .
They were sitting at a table whereupon Behe could spread his papers .
Large pictures used by Behe for his arguments hung on the studio's wall .
On my end everything was different .
There was no TV screen in front of me , so I could not watch either myself , or Behe and Kane , or Behe 's posters .
All I had was a single chair in a dark cavernous studio , so I had to hold the pictures illustrating my arguments on my knees .
( A couple of weeks after the debate , when the show 's producer kindly sent me a DVD of the debate , I was finally able to see how the debate proceeded on both sides ) .
I am mentioning these facts not to complain about the unequal treatment of the two debaters , which was hardly " by design " of the show 's organizers , but to point out that Behe 's argumentation was very much based on showing pictures .
As I found watching the DVD , Behe 's colored pictures purportedly showed the image of a bacterial flagellum .
When Behe published ( in 1996 ) his very popular and widely reviewed book Darwin 's Black Box , the ubiquitous example of " irreducible complexity " became a mousetrap .
The picture of a mousetrap was endlessly reproduced in various papers as an alleged example of the " irreducible complexity " suggested by Behe as a marker of " Design . "
Of course , the concept of irreducible complexity was in fact known for many years before Behe 's book .
The famous biologist Hermann J. Muller had already discussed it ( under the slightly different name of " interlocking complexity " ) in 1918 . [ 11 ] .
Some 10 years before Behe 's book the same concept was considered by A. G. Cairns - Smith [ 12 ] .
These predecessors of Behe's , unlike Behe , did not claim that the concept in question was a great discovery on a par with those by " Newton and Einstein , Lavoisier and Schroedinger , Pasteur , and Darwin " ( as Behe asserted in Darwin 's Black Box ) .
Neither did they claim that " irreducible complexity " was a marker of a supernatural design .
Therefore the concept in question , as such , did not invoke a strong resistance from mainstream science as it later did in Behe 's rendition .
Perhaps the strongest display of the rejection of Behe 's thesis was the statement by the prominent biologist and author of popular textbooks of biology Kenneth Miller ( who incidentally happens to be Behe 's fellow practicing Catholic ) who referred to Behe 's irreducible complexity as " nonsense . " [ 13 ] .
( Professor John McDonald even suggested [ 14 ] an animated illustration of how a five - part mousetrap can be gradually built up from a single - part primitive mousetrap via two - part , then three - part , etc. into a full fledged five - part mousetrap , thus showing lack of substantiation in Behe 's example . )
Apparently finally realizing that a mousetrap was not a very successful choice for illustrating Behe 's idea ( an idea that has become one of the pillars of the ID " theory " ) ID advocates largely switched to another example .
They chose a bacterial flagellum as the new example of the " irreducible complexity . "
( As the prominent young earth creationist Morris has pointed out [ 15 ] , the flagellum had been discussed as an example of " organized complexity " -- young earth creationists ' term for irreducible complexity -- many years prior to ID advocates ' invocation of that concept . )
As the mousetrap before it , the image of a flagellum has become a ubiquitous accompaniment to ID advocates ' books , papers , lectures , etc .
The image of the flagellum appeared on the cover of Dembski's highly acclaimed ( but also severely skewered by critique ) book No Free Lunch , on creationist blogs , and so on .
It is this image of the flagellum which Behe displayed on the wall of Larry Kane 's studio .
Pointing to that image , Behe triumphantly claimed that the flagellum looked exactly like a man-made " machine . "
Since all machines we know about have been designed , Behe confidently asserted that the flagellum bears features doubtlessly pointing to Design .
QED .
Indeed ?
Since , as I have already mentioned , I could not see Larry Kane 's studio during the debate , and therefore could only guess what images of a flagellum appeared on Behe 's posters , I could not argue against Behe 's asseverations based on invisible ( for me ) pictures .
Had I been able to see Behe 's pictures , I 'd have had no problem in demolishing his argument .
In fact , the same argument has been repeatedly advanced by ID advocates for a number of years .
For example , in 2004 the same argument was offered by Dembski in the course of his debate with Niall Shanks , at the University of California Los Angeles .
( See [ 16 ] for some not principal but curious details of the story about that debate ) .
The debate was taped and broadcast on some TV stations .
In that debate with Shanks Dembski used an image of the flagellum as one of the tools for his presentation .
If I had seen Behe 's pictures , I could have simply repeated what I wrote in a post to the Panda 's Thumb blog on June 15 , 2004 regarding the Dembski-Shanks debate [ 17 ] .
Here is a quotation from my post :
[ Dembski ] has devoted a considerable attention to the discussion of what he referred to as the mascot of intelligent design - the bacterium flagellum .
He insisted that the flagellum is in fact a machine , and to support this statement , he displayed that standard picture where the flagellum is shown in a geometrically perfect shape , fully symmetric and consisting of geometrically perfectly formed parts .
Of course , such a presentation was misleading as the real flagellum is far from having such a perfect geometric shape .
Unlike machines , which may be close replicas of each other ( say , all Jeeps of the same year have almost exactly the same shape ) the flagella , first , have shapes with many deviations from a perfect geometric symmetry , and , second , there are no two flagella exactly identical .
Individual flagella differ in various respects , like the entire biological organisms vary from an individual to individual .
If Dembski's picture were closer to reality , it would be much less effective in supporting his claims .
Since he did not offer a disclaimer pointing to the idealization used in his depiction of the flagellum , we are entitled to conclude that he was interested not in an honest discussion based on facts , but rather on winning the debate regardless of means .
The above words can be addressed to Behe as well as to Dembski .
In fact the images Behe , Dembski , and their ID colleagues are showing are not pictures of real flagella but rather pictures of imaginary ( usually computer - generated ) machine - like contraptions remotely reminiscent of real flagella , pictures composed in a way artificially creating a false impression of flagella 's machine - like appearance .
To illustrate my thesis , let us survey some examples of flagella images found in various publications .
In Fig. 1 the image of a flagellum is shown as it appears on a blog maintained by Dembski .
Note the smooth surface of the contraption in this image , its perfectly symmetric tightly adjusted components , indeed displaying a machine - like appearance .
Unfortunately for its creators , this image is a heavily idealized representation of a real flagellum .
In Fig. 2 , reproduced from Yonekura , K. , S. Maki , D. G. Morgan , D. J. DeRosier , F.Vonderviszt , K.Imada , and K. Namba , 2000 .
" The Bacterial Flagellar Cap as the Rotary Promoter of Flagellin Self - Assembly , " Science 290 : 2148-2152 ) a schematic of a flagellum , which is one of the versions of such schematics that often appear in various publications , is shown .
Unlike in Fig. 1 , this scheme is not purported to be a realistic representation of the real flagellum but rather is admittedly an idealized representation of a flagellum 's structure .
In Fig. 3 a model of a flagellum is shown ( reproduced from Nanonet , constructed as an illustration of the flagellum structure .
It , again , is not an authentic image of a real flagellum , but an idealized representation .
To see the level of idealization in the above images , let us look at an actual electron micrograph of a real flagellum in Fig. 4 ; reproduced from Shahid Khan , Imran Humayun Khan , and Thomas S. Reese , 1991 ; " New Structural Features of the Flagellar Base in Salmonella typhimurium Revealed by Rapid- Freeze Electron Microscopy . "
Journal of Bacteriology 173:2888-09 ] ) .
The vertical tube has diameter about 20 nanometers ( about 2 x 10 - 8 m ) .
Unlike in Figs 1 , 2 , and 3 , where the flagellum appears much like a man-made machine , there is little in this actual photograph of a flagellum resembling a man-made machine .
To complete the comparison , let us look at some more detailed images of the molecular structure of a flagellum , obtained by scientists via sophisticated analysis ( including X - ray technique and cryogenic electron microscopy ) .
In Fig. 5 an animated representation of a rotating flagellar hook ( which is a part of the flagellum assembly ) is shown ( reproduced from the Atlas of Macromolecules ) .
In Fig. 6 ( reproduced from the Complete atomic model of the bacterial flagellar filament by electron cryomicroscopy ) , the molecular structure of a filament ( another part of the flagellum assembly ) is shown .
One more picture of the molecular structure of a flagellum is shown in Fig. 7 , in this case representing a filament 's cross-section view .
Instead of machine - like parts with a smooth surface , we see in these pictures garlands of protein molecules constituting the elements of the flagellum assembly .
Which man -made machine has anything in common with these images ?
These structures rather look like typical bacteriophage viruses .
ID advocates often point ( see , for example , [ 18 ] ) to the allegedly fraudulent " icons of evolution " supposedly utilized by the " Darwinists " for their nefarious purposes .
One of such allegedly fraudulent " icons " is the images of embryos by Haeckel .
In fact , Haeckel 's embryos images were shown to be erroneous not by any creationists but rather by the " Darwinists " themselves .
On the other hand , ID advocates , including Dembski and Behe , incessantly reproduce images of flagella which are heavily doctored , without any disclaimers as to the great degree of idealization inherent in these images .
Indeed , look again at the real electron photographs of flagella and / or at the images of their actual molecular structure , as shown above in Figs 4 , 5 , 6 , and 7 , and it becomes obvious that real natural flagella are far from looking like man-made machines like those whose artificially constructed images are shown in Figs 1 , 2 , and 3 .
It seems that Behe , Dembski , and their companions in the anti-science endeavors , may be with a much better justification accused of resorting to frauds , because the images of flagella they endlessly reproduce are in fact fraudulent insofar as they are not accompanied by disclaimers admitting the substantial degree of idealization , resulting in those mages being misleading made - up representations of real flagella .
For reviewers like Bessette who are gratified by the religious beliefs of the likes of Behe , these facts seem to be of no interest .
The argument advanced by ID advocates and other creationists , based on artificially presenting flagella in a machine - like appearance , is as poorly substantiated as all other pseudo - arguments allegedly proving " design " of the biosphere and of the universe as a whole .
Another aspect of Behe 's discourse which Bessette 's discussion avoided was Behe 's misuse of probabilities .
I have written before about the ways creationists of various hues , and in particular Behe , misuse and misinterpret probabilities ( see , for example [ 19 ] , [ 20 ] , [ 21 ] , and [ 22 ] , so I 'll not repeat that critique here .
It has to be noted , though , that in the almost nine years since I first pointed to the holes in Behe 's treatment of probabilities , he seems to have not realized his lack of understanding of the relevant probabilistic concepts , and evidently continues to adhere to his puerile interpretation of probability .
My thanks to Matt Young and Paul R. Gross for having read the initial draft of this article and making pithy suggestions .
References
1. Owen Gingerich .
God 's Universe .
Belknap Press .
Cambridge , MA , 2006 .
2. Francis S. Collins .
The Language of God : A Scientist Presents Evidence for Belief .
Free Press .
NY , NY 2007 .
3. Michael J. Behe , The Edge of Evolution : The Search for the Limits of Darwinism .
Free Press , NY NY , 2007 .
4. Jerry Coyne .
" The Great Mutator . " Printed in The New Republic .
Available online at http://www.talkreason.org/Mutator.cfm.
5. Sean Carroll , " God as Genetic Engineer . "
Published in Science magazine , available online at http://www.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/full/316/5830/1427.
6. Richard Dawkins , " Inferior Design . "
New York Times , July 1 , 2007 .
Available online at http://www.nytimes.com/2007/07/01/books/review/Dawkins-t.html.
7. Mark Chu -Carroll , " Behe 's Dreadful New Book : A Review of The Edge of Evolution . "
Available online at http://scienceblogs.com/goodmath/2007/05/behes_dreadful_new_book_a_revi_1.php.
8. SA Smith .
The critique of Behe 's errors is found on SA Smith 's blog titled ERV ( http://endogenousretrovirus.blogspot.com).
9. Ian Musgrave .
" The Open Letters File . "
Available online at http://www.talkreason.org/articles/the-open-letter.cfm.
10 . Nick Matzke , " The Edge of Creationism . "
Published in Trends in Ecology and Evolution , 2007 , available online at http://pandasthumb.org/archives/2007/10/full-text-of-th.html.
11 . Hermann J. Muller .
" Genetic variability , twin hybrids and constant hybrids , in a case of balanced lethal factors . "
Genetics 3 : 422-499 , 1918 .
12 . A.G. Cairns - Smith .
Seven Clues to the Origin of Life : A Scientific Detective Story .
Cambridge Univ. Press , Cambridge , MA 1986 .
13 . Kenneth R. Miller Finding Darwin's God. NY : Cliff Streets Books .
1999 .
14 . John McDonald .
http://udel.edu/~mcdonald/mousetrap.html.
15 . Henry Morris .
http://www.icr.org/pubs/btg-a/btg-194a.htm.
16 . Mark Perakh .
" Letter to ***" ( http://members.cox.net/perakm/lettertoarn.htm).
17 . Mark Perakh .
" Three SHs and one D " .
( http://pandasthumb.org/archives/2004/06/three-shs-and-o.html).
18 . Jonathan Wells , Icons of Evolution , Regnery publishers , NY , 2000 .
19 . Mark Perakh , Unintelligent Design , Prometheus Books , 2004 , chapter 2 .
20 . Mark Perakh .
" Irreducible Contradiction . "
In Talk Reason : http://www.talkreason.org/articles/behe2.cfm, 1999 .
21 . Mark Perakh .
" Does Irreducible Complexity Entail Intelligent Design ? " Skeptical Inquirer , 2005 , No 6 .
Also available online at http://www.talkreason.org/articles/Suboptimal.cfm.
22 . Mark Perakh .
" Improbable Probabilities . "
( Chapter 13 in Unintelligent Design ( see ref. 19 ) ; also available online at http://www.talkreason.org/articles/probabilities.cfm.
Discussion
An annual gathering for all who are passionate about Ruby on Rails .
Sharpen your technical skills , network with other professionals , and meet some of the top minds in the Ruby on Rails community .
Developers , designers , entrepreneurs , and investors all find value in WindyCityRails .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The U.S government waived environmental and other regulations that it said on Tuesday threatened to delay completion of nearly 500 miles of a planned barrier fence along the border with Mexico .
Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff addresses a news conference in Berlin , March 11 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Johannes Eisele
Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff , who has chafed at obstacles to the controversial barrier project , issued the waivers for stretches of land in California , Arizona , New Mexico and Texas .
The fence is intended to deter illegal crossings by immigrants , drug runners and others .
“ Criminal activity at the border does not stop for endless debate or protracted litigation , ” Chertoff said in a statement .
“ Congress and the American public have been adamant that they want and expect border security .
We ’re serious about delivering it . ”
Illegal immigration is a major issue in this year ’s presidential and congressional election campaigns .
Opponents of the fence include landowners reluctant to surrender their property and environmentalists concerned the barrier would threaten fragile habitats and rare animal species such as the ocelot .
Chertoff has three times previously issued waivers to bypass environmental restrictions to the fence project , using authority granted by Congress in mandating the fence .
The Homeland Security Department said one of the new waivers applied to various projects across 470 miles in the four states bordering Mexico .
It will facilitate construction of fencing , towers , sensors , cameras , detection equipment and roads .
The other waiver applies to a 22 - mile ( 35 - km ) levee and border barrier project in Hidalgo County , Texas .
The department said a “ substantial portion ” of the land covered by the waivers had already undergone environmental reviews and the rest would be reviewed before construction begins .
“ The department remains deeply committed to environmental responsibly , ” it said .
Tuesday ’s waivers do not apply to lawsuits filed by landowners contesting the department ’s right to survey their property for fence construction , department spokeswoman Laura Keehner said .
A U.S. judge ’s ruling last month -- that the Homeland Security Department must negotiate with landowners before condemning their property for survey rights -- threatened to delay construction on some portions of the fence .
Keehner said the department remains on track to completing the planned 670 miles of fencing by the end of this year .
Some 309 miles of the fence have already been built .
A government report , however , has said the legal disputes could threaten the timeline .
The fence project also has been marred by problems in a 28 - mile ( 45 - km ) high - tech “ virtual fence ” intended as a pilot for technology to be widely used along the border .
Poly Fluoro Limited
Poly Fluoro
Ltd is a globally recognised leader in the field of engineering plastics .
Over the last thirty years , we have built our brand on quality , innovation , and outstanding customer service .
Our customer base today , includes some of the world ’s largest Original Equipment Manufacturers ( OEMs ) .
Shortest of the original seven tunnels on the Pennsylvania Turnpike
Length : 3,532 feet
One of three tunnels abandoned by the turnpike in 1964 and 1968
Former east - west route of Interstate 76
Located east of Breezewood , Pennsylvania , near Interstate 70
Tunnel boring work started by the South Penn Railroad
Operation began with the opening of the turnpike in 1940
Only tunnel on the turnpike that featured exhaust fans at one portal
Eastern portal of the tunnel does not have exhaust fans
Sits about five miles west of the abandoned Sideling Hill Tunnel
Four lanes of traffic narrowed to two at the tunnel 's entrances
Single lanes of traffic in the tunnel led to many traffic jams by the early 1960's
Bypassing the tunnel was determined to be a better alternative to twinning the tunnel
Closed to traffic in 1968 when the bypass route opened
Still maintained , lit , and guarded until 1973
Tunnel portals were boarded up until 1988
Roadway west of the tunnel was used to develop and test the sonic nap alert pattern ( " rumble strips " ) now used on many U.S. highways
Light is visible from portal to portal - no interior lighting since it 's closure in 1973
Since October 2001 , property of the Southern Alleghenies Conservancy
Engineers deem the tunnel safe for passage , without fear of cave - ins
Former lettering that spelled out the tunnel 's name was made of stainless steel
Open to the public for visitation ; walking and bicycling is permitted
No motorized vehicles are allowed in the tunnel or anywhere on the abandoned roadway
Forklifts were used extensively in the contruction and transport of materials for the tunnel .
All he ever wanted was to poop outside
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
' Slugs ' on the Rise as Gas Prices Soar More are hopping in strangers ' cars for a ride to work in the car - pool lane .
WASHINGTON , May 22 , 2008  --
Each weekday morning , in large parking lots in the Washington , D.C. , suburbs , hundreds of people stand in lines waiting for free rides to work from total strangers .
The practice , which famously began in the Washington area in the 1970s , is known as " slugging . "
By taking on extra passengers , or " slugs , " a Virginia driver can use the state 's High Occupancy Vehicle ( HOV ) lanes , which can require up to three people per car .
For the last three decades , members of this underground suburban society have believed that everybody wins ; the entire carload is ensured a traffic - free ride up notoriously clogged Interstates 95 and 395 to work at the Pentagon and other office buildings in Arlington , Va. , and downtown Washington .
But , as gas prices continue to hit records , many slugs have noticed a sharp increase in their ranks , making for longer waits in line .
And -- far worse -- they 've detected a marked reduction in the number of drivers willing to give them a lift .
" I 've noticed that it 's harder and harder to get a ride , " said longtime slug Kathy Ryan .
" There 's fewer cars picking up and more and more people in the line . "
At a popular afternoon slug line , on 14th Street N.W. in downtown Washington , some slugs were seen waiting for nearly 30 minutes for a ride home .
Intermittently , a car with its hazard lights flashing could be seen crawling up to the curb .
As many as two strangers would climb in before the car rolled off on its way to Virginia .
" It 's getting hard now .
This line used to be faster .
Now , it 's slowing , " said Anna DeCosta .
Even a relatively new slug -- at it for just a year -- seemed upset that so many fellow travelers had joined him in line .
" They 're all slugging ' cause they want to get to work easier , save gas money , have money for themselves , " said Richmond Owusu .
Slugging began in the 1970s , amid the gas shortages caused by the Arab oil embargo and government price controls .
The culture has thrived as the suburbs of the nation 's capital have sprawled and gas prices have skyrocketed .
" There has been a resurgence of interest in slugging , " said David LeBlanc , webmaster of www.slug-lines.com.
" Those that may have dismissed it in the past as a crazy way of commuting now are looking at it as an alternative . "
Hits on the Web site , which hosts discussions on the unique rules of slug culture along with maps of pickup locations , have increased " dramatically " as oil and gasoline prices have spiked , according to LeBlanc .
LeBlanc , who slugs regularly from his home in Woodbridge , Va. , to his office in Arlington , says he has not personally noticed longer waits at his slug lines .
But he would n't doubt that it 's been true for others .
" If I were to drive in , it 's about a $ 16 to $ 20 decision , just in gas alone .
Other folks that may have to drive an even further distance may look at that and say , ' Well , maybe I should start slugging as opposed to driving , ' " LeBlanc said .
Across the country , other ride - sharing Web sites also have noticed an increase in traffic as gasoline nears $ 4 per gallon .
Steve Schoeffler , of www.eRideShare.com, says traffic on his site has more than doubled in the last few months .
" We 've seen a substantial shift in the intensity of the people using the site .
They 're more determined .
There are more contacts being made , " Schoeffler said .
Recently , posters began a heated discussion on www.slug-lines.com over whether , after decades , slugs should now be expected to pitch in for the cost of gas .
" Let 's be fair to our fellow drivers so we can all continue to benefit from this amazing system , " wrote " sandy , " who suggested a dollar per ride .
But she was lambasted by fellow slugs .
One suggested that drivers who pick up paying slugs should be licensed as a taxi service and that the IRS should tax the income .
LeBlanc also leans against cost - sharing .
" The rules of slugging are : The driver bears the costs .
The slugs do not share in the cost .
It would be very , very hard to determine what would be a fair and appropriate reimbursement to the driver , " he said .
Longtime slug Erick Erickson of Burke , Va. , was n't sympathetic to the drivers who give him free rides , noting that he often drives slugs .
" This is the marketplace .
If someone feels like it's not fair , they do n't have to stop .
There 's no compulsion here , " he said .
Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. said earlier Wednesday that he was bothered that special - interest groups were lining up for handouts in an economic stimulus bill and urged senators to keep it focused on simple tax rebates .
“ I am increasingly concerned that in the Senate , the bazaar is open , the special interests are coming to the trough , and that when I ’m reading about and hearing about things like tax rebates for coal companies , the benefits for oil - well drilling and things like this , I ’m concerned that it ’s going to get bogged down , ” Mr. Paulson said .
Mr. Reid ’s approach reflected increasing confidence among Democrats that worsening unemployment and fears of a recession made it safe to push hard for their expanded package .
The House proposal , worked out in a deal with the White House , is a more streamlined combination of tax rebates or payments for individuals and families and tax incentives for businesses .
But more than 20 million Americans living on Social Security and more than 250,000 disabled veterans would not qualify under that plan .
“ Why in the world would we want to leave that group behind ? ” Senator Blanche Lincoln , Democrat of Arkansas , asked before the vote on Wednesday .
The proposal favored by Senate Democrats would give payments to those living on Social Security and the disabled veterans , but it contains other provisions that many Republicans say are too costly and should not be part of the stimulus plan , including an extension of unemployment benefits and tax incentives for the coal industry .
Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the Republican leader , has indicated he would like to adopt the House plan with two changes  the inclusion of those on Social Security and veterans , and a stipulation that illegal immigrant workers could not receive payments .
He said Tuesday that he would still seek that .
She ’s got her white voters .
He ’s got his .
Her whites go to church every week .
His whites are more secular .
Her whites have dirt under their fingernails .
His are more likely to be changing ink cartridges in the office .
Her whites like the hard stuff .
His whites will choose Oregon pinot .
It makes you want to scream : enough with the hierarchal rankings of white Democratic voters .
But what Tuesday ’s stumble - to - the - finish - line vote showed is that this sort of regional race trumpeting is largely meaningless — unless put in the correct context for the general election .
Consider the media shorthand for both Kentucky and West Virginia , where Hillary Clinton beat Barack Obama by huge margins .
These are hard - working , real Americans , the Clinton camp says , and a Democrat ca n’t win without them .
In fact , both West Virginia and Kentucky have gone against the national tide of the last 8 years and have been trending Republican .
Also – and this needs to be said – a significant percentage of the voters in both those states have now indicated that they may not vote for a fellow Democrat simply because he ’s black .
Pollsters know that people lie about race ; voters rarely come out and say they will not vote for someone because he ’s black .
Instead , they say things like we ’re hearing from West Virginia and Kentucky – that “ race is a factor . ”
In Kentucky , over 25 percent of Clinton supporters said race was a factor in their vote – about five times the national average for such a question .
Clinton , if she really wanted to do something lasting , could ask her supporters why the color of a fellow Democrat ’s skin is so important to their vote .
Now , consider the argument that a Democrat needs these states .
In 2000 , George Bush won West Virginia 52 to 46 percent .
Four years later , he ’d increased his margin to 56 - 43 .
In Kentucky , Bush won 57 - 41 in 2000 , and padded that to 60 - 40 four years later .
Appalachia , we now know , is Clinton ’s heartland – but it does not resemble the Democratic landscape .
If these are Democratic states , there ’s some strange serum in the local brew at party headquarters .
On to Oregon , where Obama won by double digits .
A bunch of chai tea sipping elitists , with zero body fat , living in hip lofts while working at Nike , yes ?
No .
Well , they do like running , and tea .
Oregon is one of the nation ’s whitest states – just under 2 percent of residents are black – but rich it is not .
The state is below the national average in both per capita income and median household income .
This suggests that Obama does n’t have a white working class problem so much as a regional problem , in a place where Democrats wo n’t win anyway .
In Oregon , voters ’ surveys show Obama essentially tied Clinton for the blue collar vote while running up a big victory .
And Oregon , unlike West Virginia and Kentucky , may actually be in play for the general election .
Al Gore won it by barely 7,000 votes in 2000 , a margin that went up to 60,000 votes in 2004 .
McCain ’s advisers say he ’s a perfect fit for the state – independent , somewhat maverick .
So , from a purely strategic point of view , the ability to win white blue - collar voters in an open - minded swing state is certainly more important than a solid red state .
I would include Pennsylvania in that equation .
Just weeks after all the talk of Obama ’s problems in the Keystone state , most polls now show him beating McCain in the general election .
What happened in the last few weeks is that Appalachia , in a 24 - 7 media hothouse , skewed perception .
We stared at it far too long , parsing it for meaning beyond its historic range and its hard prejudices .
The Gallup poll this week showed that the rest of the nation is closer to Oregon .
Gallup ’s daily national tracking poll of Democratic voters found Obama tied Clinton among white voters .
He ’s tied among people with no college .
He ’s actually leading – yes , leading !
– with women .
With the young , he ’s leading 3 - 1. Clinton ’s last demographic is women over 50 .
So , for Democrats : hello life , goodbye Appalachia .
A team of disease hunters has announced the discovery of a deadly new virus , found in a remote village in South America .
Experts say the virus – named Chapare – is probably limited to a small swathe of Bolivia , but urbanisation and climate change could expand its range .
“ These pathogens will markedly increase the risk of outbreaks with significant loss of human life , ” says Stefan Kunz , a virologist at Centre Hospitalier Universitaire Vaudois in Lausanne , Switzerland , who was not part of the study .
On 4 January 2003 , a young farmer and tailor from the Bolivian village of Samuzabeti developed fever and headache .
Over the following days , the 22 - year - old ’s muscles and joints started throbbing , and he began vomiting and haemorrhaging blood .
Two weeks later , he was dead .
Mystery virus
A local doctor , Simon Delgado , had no idea what had killed the patient ; tests for known infectious diseases such as dengue and yellow fever turned up negative .
As a precaution , Delgado sent specimens to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) in Atlanta .
Advertisement
There , researchers in the agency ’s special pathogens branch unpacked the sample in their most secure laboratory .
“ When you suspect hemorrhagic fever , for safety reasons you have to work in a lab with high containment , ” explains CDC ’s Pierre Rollin .
He and his colleagues donned ventilated full - body suits when working on the deadly virus – the same precautions taken to study Ebola .
A new beast
The CDC laboratory confirmed they were dealing with something never seen before .
Tests on even the most obscure pathogens all turned up negative , Rollin says .
When the researchers squirted the patient ’s serum sample onto human cells growing in a Petri dish , a virus started multiplying .
Rollin ’s team dubbed it Chapare , after the victim ’s home province .
Further tests confirmed that this Chapare virus was a new beast , part of a deadly family called arenaviruses .
In West Africa , the related Lassa virus infects about 300,000 to 500,000 each year , killing 5000 , according to the World Health Organization .
The South American forms are rarer , but far deadlier .
“ Quite often it ’s a severe disease , maybe in 30 % of cases you have a fatal outcome , ” Rollin says .
There have been no human cases of Chapare virus since .
Researchers at CDC hope to identify the virus ’s host – probably a rodent – and determine the virus ’ prevalence .
Charles Fulhorst , an arenavirus expert at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston , says Chapare is the tip of the iceberg .
Many new species of virus lurk in South America – and perhaps North America .
“ Just when you think you know what ’s out there , another one pops out , ” he says .
Rollin agrees and calls for more lab and field work to get a handle on Chapare .
“ There are lot of arenaviruses we do n’t know , ” he says .
“ Are they going to be the new pandemic virus that ’s going to wipe out the planet ?
I do n’t think so , but they could be a local problem . ”
Journal reference : PLoS Pathogens ( DOI : 10.1371/journal.ppat.1000047 )
A Chinese secret society with 6 million members , including 1.8 million Asian gangsters and 100,000 professional assassins , have targeted Illuminati members if they proceed with world depopulation plans , according to Tokyo - based journalist Benjamin Fulford , 46 .
They contacted Fulford , a Canadian ex pat , after he warned that the Illuminati plan to reduce the Asian population to just 500 million by means of race - specific biological weapons .
" The Illuminati , with the exception of Japan , is very much a white man 's game , " Fulford says .
The secret society confirmed Fulford 's information and asked him for advice .
He provided a list of 10,000 people associated with the Illuminati , mainly members of the Bilderberg , CFR and Skull and Bones .
Neo Cons are also high priority targets .
" I have been promised that not a single person will die if they negotiate in good faith , " Fulford says .
Fulford is the former Asian Pacific bureau chief for Forbes magazine .
He quit in disgust when Forbes refused to run a damaging story about one of its advertisers .
Fulford has since written 15 books in Japanese .
His most recent is a scathing dissection of the 9 - 11 Hoax .
Fulford says Japan has been controlled in secret by the Illuminati through the use of murder and bribery .
Underground sources tell him the Americans have murdered over 200 Japanese politicians and influential citizens since the end of WW2 .
Among the victims are former Prime Ministers Tanaka , Takeshita , Ohira and Obuchi .
They were all murdered using a special drug that induces strokes .
The Illuminati have been warned that the Chinese secret society will not tolerate any more murders .
It has also extended its protection to truth seekers in the West .
ANCIENT SECRET SOCIETY
The Chinese Secret Society is called the " The Green and the Red Societies , " Fulford says .
It " can be found in the history books .
When the Manchus invaded China in 1644 the Ming army became an underground society aimed at overthrowing the Qing ( Manchu ) and restoring the Ming .
They supported the Boxer Rebellion but were put down by imperialist powers .
Later , with the help of overseas Chinese and the Japanese imperial family , the society managed to overthrow the last Emperor and install Sun Yat Sen in his place .
They last appear in the history books as the Green Gang and the Red Gang that fiercely fought the Communists in Shanghai in the 1940's .
They were defeated by the Communists in 1949 and once again became an underground organization . "
" Since 1949 they have steadily increased their influence throughout China and the rest of the world .
They have members at the very highest levels of the Chinese government but they are by nature anti-establishment , and are not an official Chinese government organization ...
" The society has deep roots in Japan because of the link between Yakuza crime gangs and the Japanese imperial family .
The Japanese imperial family are descended from 6th century Korean invaders .
The original invaders had trouble putting down the native Jomon peoples so they brought over a tough , warlike minority people from the Asian mainland .
These are the ancestors of the Yakuza .
They have historically been used for secret work and for jobs like collecting taxes .
When the Japanese decided to help overthrow the last Chinese dynasty , they used the Yakuza as a go - between with the Chinese secret society , many of whose members were gangsters .
To this day many of the senior leaders of this group are actually Japanese , not Chinese .
" It must be made very clear though that it is not a crime gang .
Although many members are Triad and Yakuza members , over 2/3 thirds of the members are intellectuals such as university professors , researchers and government bureaucrats .
Each member earns their own living and membership in the society is like belonging to an emergency fire brigade .
Their book of rules reads like a book of ethics filled with instructions to do things like help the weak , fight injustice , help your comrades etc . "
" They approached me and asked if they could help after I made a speech in Tokyo describing the Bush regimes ' use of race - specific biological weapons .
For me it was like a ghost from the history books appearing right in front of me .
At first I thought of silly things like having them play 911 truth videos in Chinatowns around the world .
However , then I remembered the scene from the movie Kill Bill where Uma Thurman snatches out her opponent 's eye .
I soon realized these people could save the world by directly attacking the eye at the top of the pyramid on the one - dollar bill . "
" Think about it , the Illuminati and their top servants have a total membership of about 10,000 whereas the Chinese group has over 6 million members .
That is 600 to one odds .
Furthermore , the 6 million have the names and addresses of the 10,000 while the 10,000 do not know who or where the 6 million are . "
FULFORD ON THE ILLUMINATI
" Below is a brief a summary of the intelligence I have received from sources including : former Japanese Prime Ministers , senior Yakuza gangsters , senior Japanese Freemasons , Western intelligence agencies etc .
" First the Illuminati are really inbred families of European and North American traditional aristocracy and banking families .
They control the U.S. , England , Europe ( except for Scandinavian countries , Germany and Italy ; Italy kicked them out in the 1970's ) , Japan , Africa , Iran , Canada and Mexico .
They do not control China , Russia ( Putin kicked them out for the first time since 1917 ) , India , South East Asia , South America , Cuba etc .
" Their goal is to create a world government .
Until 2 years ago the plan was the New World Order .
That was outlined pretty clearly in the Project for a New American Century .
However , with the debacle in Iraq , the secret government of the West changed to a new plan that is a world government based on the EU .
To do this they will sabotage the U.S. economy .
" However , there is a big schism in the secret government .
Jay Rockefeller and Philip Rothschild support one faction , the Global Warming Faction .
Opposing them is the War on Terrorism Faction supported by David Rockefeller and the JP Morgan descendants ( Bush , Harriman , Walker etc. ) .
The warming people want to sell 500 nuclear power plants to China and a similar amount to the rest of the world .
The terrorism guys want to keep U.S. dominance by maintaining control over oil .
Putin was a huge setback for them .
" They are also neo - Nazis who want to reduce the amount of colored people in the world by at least half through disease , starvation and war .
The Chinese secret society got wind of this and is preparing to stop them . "
GERMANY AND SCANDINAVIA NOT ILLUMINATI ?
I challenged Fulford on Germany , Italy , Scandinavia and possibly Russia not being controlled by the Illuminati .
He replied that " the quality of my intelligence varies " : " I can say with certainty that China , Russia and India are free .
When Putin kicked out Nieslev and Bereshovsky and arrested Khordokovsky , he basically kicked the Rockefellers and Rothschilds out of Russia .
I have good Russian sources and am confident Putin is a nationalist who is fighting the Illuminati with all his might .
When ex-NSA chief Bobby Inman spoke at the Foreign Correspondent 's Club of Japan on June 26th he made it very clear he expected a protracted struggle with Russia .
" India kicked them out in Ghandi 's day and they have never been allowed back .
Having liberated themselves after 300 years of Illuminati ( East India Company ) rule , they do not intend to let themselves fall under their control again .
" There have been many attempts by the Illuminati to infiltrate and dominate China .
They financed Chairman Mao but he then kicked them out in the 1960's ( that is why China and the USSR nearly went to war then ) .
They are now trying to create a financial crisis in China that would open the way for them to infiltrate the Chinese financial system .
They will not succeed .
Italy basically purged itself during the big P2 Masonic lodge scandal back in the 80's and re-infiltration has only been partly successful .
Germany is part of the Nato alliance and is thus indirectly controlled .
There is a powerful branch of the Rothschild family operating there .
" However , Germany does not appear on a top - secret Illuminati power flow chart I have obtained .
As far as Iran is concerned , I know they financed Ayatollah Khomeini and Iran appears on the flow chart I have .
My understanding is they want to provoke a conflict between Islam and the West so they can consolidate their control over the Muslim and Christian worlds before finishing world conquest by taking over China and India . "
CONCLUSION
Fulford says a meeting is being arranged with Russia 's Vladimir Putin to make sure the KGB also cooperates in this plan to snatch the eye out of the pyramid .
" So far , I have told the Illuminati that they are no longer allowed to murder Japanese politicians .
I now plan to extend this protection to all politicians in the West .
If the Illuminati assassinate or attempt to assassinate Ron Paul , Barak Obama or any politician , may God have mercy on their souls . "
" Since I am a peace - loving , laid - back Canadian suddenly put in a situation of great responsibility , I feel I must act as a servant of the weakest people and creatures on the planet .
I have also been negotiating in secret with the Illuminati in the hopes of arranging for them to cede power without any bloodshed in exchange for a general amnesty .
" I do believe we now have a real chance to end the New World Order and start the New Age .
The New Age would be one where war , poverty and environmental destruction would only be found in the history books . "
I applaud Benjamin Fulford 's courage , idealism and defiance .
However , he is new to this subject and may have been mislead .
He should n't use Illuminati terminology like " New Age . "
The Illuminati control the central banks of Russia , China , India and Venezuela .
They control the EU .
Germany may not appear on the Illuminati chart because it is at the top .
Barak Obama is a Zionist stooge .
The Illuminati Li Ka-Shing ( and family ) has had a major role in China .
Heck , the Communists are Illuminati .
I thought the Illuminati controlled organized crime .
I can't imagine a genuinely benevolent secret society .
It would be encouraging if this were one .
It 's possible Fulford is sincere but is being used to confuse and / or create divisions .
Possibly they want to ramp up domestic terrorism as an excuse for martial law .
Now , Orientals as well as Muslims could be on the watch list .
This Chinese society is challenging the traitorous Western Establishment .
We 're talking about the State apparatus !
So please be critical .
It may or may not be true .
Time will tell .
In any case , it 's time we refused to bow down to tyranny and called a spade a spade .
Imagine , in Japan he writes the truth in the mainstream media !
Maybe some day , we 'll do that in America .
Benjamin Fulford is an inspiration and he deserves our thanks .
------- Henry Makow Ph.D. is the inventor of the game Scruples and author of " A Long Way to go for a Date . "
His articles exposing fe-manism and the New World Order can be found at his web site www.savethemales.ca
He enjoys receiving comments , some of which he posts on his site using first names only .
hmakow@gmail.com
How to achieve Gigabit speeds with Linux
Before you begin with the configuration , MAKE SURE YOU HAVE PERMISSION TO TRANSFER DATA ON THE ENTIRE NETWORK .
Gbit /s transfers can create real damage on a network and are not ( yet ) appropriate for production environments .
Although this document is mainly about achieving data transfers using TCP some parts are also useful if you wish to use other transport protocols .
You should always , if possible , try first UDP traffic data transfers and when everything is fine move towards TCP .
TCP will usually work well if the traffic is not competing with other flows .
If any of the segments in the data path contains other traffic TCP will perform worse .
This is discussed in more detail in section 5
1 - HARDWARE
1. 1 Gbit /s network cards PCI 64 - 66MHz bus recommended ( 4Gbit / s theoretical bus limit ) Pay attention to the shared buses on the motherboard ( for ex. the SuperMicro motherboard for Intel Xeon Processors splits the PCI bus in 3 segments : PCI slots 1 - 3 , PCI slot 4 and the on - board SCSI controller if one exists and PCI slots 5 - 6 .
2 . Intel 10 G bit /s network cards .
a) PCI -X 133 MHz bus recommended ( 8.5 Gbit /s theoretical limit ) b) Processor ( and motherboard ) with 533 MHz front - side bus c ) PCI slot configured as bus master ( improved stability ) d) The Intel 10 Gbit /s card should be alone on its bus segment for optimal performance .
e) The PCI burst size should be increased to 512K f ) The card driver should be configured with the following parameters : i. Interrupt coalescence ii .
Jumbo frames iii .
Gigabit Ethernet flow control ( it should be active also on the connecting switch ) iv .
Increased network card packet buffers ( default 1024 , maximum 4096 ) v. RX and TX checksum offload enabled
2 - DRIVERS ISSUES
interrupt coalescence settings
When increasing the IC there should be a sufficient numbers of descriptors in the ring - buffers associated with the interface to hold the number of packets expected between consecutive interrupts .
As expected when increasing the IC settings the value of the latency increases , so that the difference in latency reflects the increased length of time packets spend in the NICs memory before being processed by the kernel .
If TxInt is reduced to 0 the throughput is significantly affected for all values of RxInt due to increased PCI activity and insufficient power to cope with the context switching in the sending PC .
If CPU power is important for your system ( for example a shared server machine ) than it is recommended to use a high interrupt coalescence in order to moderate CPU usage .
If the machine is going to be dedicated to a single transfer than interrupt coalescence should be off .
NAPI
Although NAPI is compatible with the old system and so with the old driver , you need to use a NAPI - aware driver to enable this improvement in your machine .
It exists e.g. for Syskonnect Gigabit card [ LINK TO BE PROVIDED BY MATHIEU ] .
The NAPI network subsystem is a lot more efficient than the old system , especially in a high performance context .
The pros are :
limitation of interruption rate ( you can see it like an adaptative interruption coalescing mechanism ) ;
not prone to receive livelock [ 3 ] ;
better data & instruction locality .
3 - KERNEL CONFIGURATION
3.1 iftxtqueue length high
These settings are especially important for TCP as losses on local queues will cause TCP to fall into congestion control – which will limit the TCP sending rates .
Meanwhile , full queues will cause packet losses when transporting udp packets .
There are two queues to consider , the txqueuelen ; which is related to the transmit queue size , and the netdev_backlog ; which determines the recv queue size .
To set the length of the transmit queue of the device .
It is useful to set this to small values for slower devices with a high latency ( modem links , ISDN ) to prevent fast bulk transfers from disturbing interactive traffic like telnet too much .
Users can manually set this queue size using the ifconfig command on the required device .
Eg .
/sbin / ifconfig eth2 txqueuelen 2000
The default of 100 is inadequate for long distance , high throughput pipes .
For example , on a network with a rtt of 120ms and at Gig rates , a txqueuelen of at least 10000 is recommended .
3.2 kernel receiver backlog
/sbin/sysctl –w sys.net.core.netdev_max_backlog=2000
3.3 TCP cache parameter ( Yee )
In order to rectify this , one can flush all the tcp cache settings using the command :
/sbin/sysctl –w sys.net.ipv4.route.flush=1
Note that this flushes all routes , and is only temporary – ie , one must run this command every time the cache is to be emptied .
3.4 SACKs and Nagle
/sbin/sysctl -w net.ipv4.tcp_sack=0
Nagle algorithm should however be turned on .
This is the default value .
You can check if your program has Nagle switched off of it sets the TCP_NODELAY socket option .
If this is the case comment this .
4 - SOCKET BUFFERS
If the buffers are too small , like they are when default values are used , the TCP congestion window will never fully open up .
If the buffers are too large , the sender can overrun the receiver , and the TCP window will shut down .
4.1 Socket buffers and bandwidth delay product
socket buffer size = 2 * bandwidth * delay
Estimating an approximate delay of the path is straightforward with a tool such as ping ( see tools section below ) .
More difficult is to have an idea of the bandwidth available .
Once again , you should n't attempt to transfer Gigabit / s of data when you have n't at least minimal control over all the links in the path .
Otherwise tools like pchar and pathchar can be used to have an idea of the bottleneck bandwidth on a path .
Note that these tools are not very reliable , since estimating the available bandwidth on a path is still an open research issue .
Note that you should change the socket buffer size in both sender and receiver with the same value .
To change the buffer socket size with iperf you use the - W option .
When you are building an application you use the appropriate " set socket option " system call .
Here is an example using C ( other languages should use a similar construction ) :
int socket_descriptor , int sndsize ; err = setsockopt ( socket_descriptor , SOL_SOCKET , SO_SNDBUF , ( char * ) &sndsize , ( int ) sizeof ( sndsize ) ) ;
and in the receiver
int socket_descriptor , int rcvsize ; err = setsockopt ( socket_descriptor , SOL_SOCKET , SO_RCVBUF , ( char * ) &rcvsize , ( int ) sizeof ( rcvsize ) ) ;
to check what the buffer size is you can use the " get socket option system call :
int sockbufsize=0 ; int size=sizeof ( int ) ; err=getsockopt(socket_descriptor , SOL_SOCKET , SO_SNDBUF , ( char* ) & socketbufsize , &size ) ;
4.2 socket buffer memory queue limits r|w mem ( default and max )
/sbin/sysctl -w net.core.rmem_max= VALUE
Where VALUE should enough for your socket buffer size .
you should also set the " write " value .
/sbin/sysctl -w net.core.wmem_max=
VALUE
/sbin/sysctl -w net.ipv4.tcp_mem= MIN DEFAULT MAX
This should be done both in the sender and the receiver .
4.3 autotuning in 2.4 kernels
/sbin/sysctl -w net.ipv4.tcp_rmem= MIN DEFAULT MAX
/sbin/sysctl -w net.ipv4.tcp_wmem= MIN DEFAULT MAX
5 - OTHER METHODS ( Miguel )
5.1 Using large block sizes
5.2 Parallel streams
bbcp and gridFTP ( see Tools appendix ) are two file transfer tools that also allow the creation of parallel streams for data transfer .
Be careful that when operations with disk access are involved performance is worse .
Disks are frequently the bottleneck .
A detailed analylis of disk performance is outside the scope of this document .
5.3 New TCP stack
6 - NETWORK SUPPORT ( Miguel )
Jumbo frames should be used if possible
Increase Routers queue sizes .
In Cisco equipment for example , the maximum , 4096 , should me used .
Gigabit Ethernet Flow Control should be ON
Avoid Fragmentation .
Watch out for IPv6 MTU advertisements .
Some routers have IP v6 router advertisement on by default .
This usually advertises a small value ( typically 1500 ) .
End systems should turn off listening to these advertisements .
This is easily configured in the / proc file system
A - Tools
traceroute - Lists all routers between two hosts .
Usually available by default in Linux
tcpdump - dumps all TCP header information for a specified source / destination .
Very used and useful for network debugging .
pathchar - A tool to estimate the bandwdth available in all the links in a given path ( not very reliable ) .
http://www.caida.org/tools/utilities/others/pathchar/
iperf - currently the most used tool for traffic generation and measurement of end - to - end TCP / UDP performance .
bbftp - File Transfer Software , http://doc.in2p3.fr/bbftp/
GridFTP - File Transfer Software , http://www.globus.org/datagrid/gridftp.html
B - References
Judge Orders Mandatory Testing of Machines After Company Previously Threatened Legal Action Against Princeton Professors if They Dared To Examine Machines ...
Brad Friedman Byon 4/8/2008 , 4:21 pm PT
Just out from the NJ Star - Ledger ...
Subpoenas were issued in six New Jersey counties today , demanding that officials turn over for testing all voting machines where discrepancies were found in the presidential primary tallies .
Election officials in Bergen , Gloucester , Mercer , Middlesex , Ocean and Union counties were instructed to turn over the machines by April 15 .
Activists trying to persuade Superior Court Judge Linda Feinberg that electronic voting machines should be discarded succeeded in convincing her that examining these counties ' machines is critical to their case .
" In order to succeed in our case and show Sequoia machines are insecure and can be hacked into , we need to look at these machines , " Venetis argued .
Clerks in the six counties uncovered discrepancies in 60 machines when they doubled check the vote tallies after the Feb. 5 presidential primary .
Michelle Shafer , a spokeswoman for Sequoia in California , said her company would try to have the subpoenas quashed .
But no motions were filed today with Superior Court Judge Linda Feinberg , who is presiding over the case in Trenton .
In the meantime , we repeat our background detail on this amazing ( and sometimes hilarious ) story in full below , as we ran it this weekend when one of the Princeton professors threatened by Sequoia found the failures in NJ were even worse than previously thought .
Please note :
The same failed Sequoia AVC Advantage touch - screens are scheduled for use in Pennsylvania in the important upcoming Democratic Primary !...
On Super Tuesday , Sequoia 's AVC Advantage touch - screen voting machines failed to boot up in many places , forcing the Governor himself to wait 45 minutes before he could cast his vote .
After Super Tuesday it was found that the Sequoia AVC Advantage has misreported voter turnouts .
Sequoia offered a feeble excuse for the failure , without offering evidence to support it , which blamed both voters and poll - workers instead of themselves for the multi-million dollar embarrassment .
County election officials across NJ then unanimously called for an independent investigation of the machines by Princeton computer profs Felten and Andrew Appel .
Sequoia then threatened legal action against both the professors and the counties should they undertake such a technical review of their self - described " tamperproof " machines .
The counties folded to the company 's strong - arm tactics , while hoping either the state AG or SoS would commission such a review .
Sequoia 's website was then hacked , but not before they could release misleading propaganda claiming they loved third party independent reviews so much they were willing to then sponsor one on their own by selecting and paying an unknown " independent company " named " Kwaidan Consulting " to do one on behalf of Sequoia .
Kwaidan was then revealed by The BRAD BLOG to be no more than a " blonde nymphomaniac " - seeking babe - magnet named Mike Gibbons , who , after being commissioned by Sequoia for this important analysis , suddenly discovered a new - found love for George Bush , Jesus Christ , Albert Einstein , and the U.S. Constitution .
The babes and the Jim Beam would have to wait .
Much as those voters and election officials in Pennsylvania , set to use the exact same machines two weeks from now in the upcoming , all - important , Democratic Primary , will have to wait to see if the machines work at all .
Then , of course , they will simply have to trust the reported results , no matter what the machines tell them , since it is strictly impossible to discern whether any single vote cast on them was actually recorded as any single voter intended .
slashed in now available starting at just $ 5 !
Prices nowin The BRAD BLOG 's Fund Drive !
Please support our continuing coverage of your election system , as found nowhere else .
Click here for a number of cool new collector 's edition Premium products
I ‘m well into this , I ’d love to live in a house made out of beer bottles !
Apparently back in the 60’s Mr. Heineken came up with the idea while concerned about the about of litter / wastage beer bottles were causing .
Sadly they never saw the light of day … shame .
Via frostfirezoo .
Investigation into Whether America is Still a Constitutional Government
As I get older and “ allegedly ” wiser I often find myself looking backwards in order to find my way forward .
I like to reflect on the things that I have done that have been both successful and not so successful .
There are valuable lessons to be learned if you are self aware enough to find them .
I find these periods of reflection to have a lot of value to me as they remind me to stay on plan .
I try really hard not to be a naked blogger but it ’s easy to wander off track .
A side benefit is that reflection can often produce some very good posting material .
If you ’ve been blogging for more than 90 days consistently then I would challenge you to do the same .
I am listing the Top 12 mistakes I made when I started out .
I hope that you did n’t make the same mistakes but I ’d like to hear from you in the comments if you did .
My Top 12 Blogging Mistakes
Appearance
Theme –
When I first started out I could n’t find a theme that I liked .
I knew nothing about html or CSS sheets so I needed a template that looked good right out of the box .
I searched endlessly and probably had about 20 different themes in my first 30 days .
When I did find a theme I liked , I became engrossed in tweaking it to the point that was n’t writing any content .
Branding – Starting out I did n’t realize how many blogs existed on the internet and nor did I realize how many of them looked almost exactly alike .
If you are using a popular theme then you do n’t stand a chance of building a recognizable brand without heavy modification .
Your brand needs to be recognizable , if you want a good example then John Cow ’s blog is a great one .
If you ’ve been there once , you remember it .
Pictures – Images are an incredibly powerful addition to your blog posts .
They can turn mediocre content into a much more powerful piece .
It ’s amazing what the simple addition of a few well placed pictures can do for the readability of your posts .
Pay attention to the blogs you read regularly , compare posts with and without pictures , tell me which read better .
Content
Writing Style –
My early posts were very “ wordy ” and written more like a dissertation .
Writing for a blog is much different than writing say , a college paper .
You need to be careful not to write a dissertation but rather write like you talk .
It ’s called conversational blogging , without it you might bore your readers to death .
Pretty sure that ’s a bad thing .
Recycled Posts – New bloggers often struggle to find their own voice .
It is pretty easy to get post ideas from other blogs and make them your own , everyone does it , but if you ’re going to do it then “ own ” them .
Put your own spin or point of view into the post so that yours adds value to any others out there that might be on the same topic .
Posting Frequency –
When I first started blogging I was under the impression that I had to post every day .
I would feverishly produce some very mediocre content all in the name of posting frequency .
If you take one thing from my mistakes then take this , you are far better off to produce 3 quality posts a week as opposed to 7 mediocre ones .
SEO
Permalinks –
What ’s a permalink ?
I had no idea when I first started .
WordPress was a mystery to me but fortunately I learned quickly .
If you need a permalink primer or want to see an example of one of my early posts on SEO then check out “ Word Press SEO for Complete Idiots Like Me ” on my blog .
Needless to say you want to get your permalink structure right EARLY , before you have 200 pages of content on your blog .
SEO PlugIn – Make sure you install a quality SEO plugin right from the start and USE it .
It will help you rank in the SERPS and bring traffic to your site .
Ranking well may not seem that important to you in the beginning but I assure you that it is .
Search engine traffic brings quality , targeted visitors and you definitely want as much of it as you can .
Title Tags – Title tags can easily be changed via your SEO plugin but few new bloggers realize how important this is .
If you allow every page to have the same title tag then you are missing out on a variety of relevant keyword possibilities .
Use a unique title for every page and make sure your keywords are in it .
General Mistakes
Time Commitment – I underestimated the amount of time it would take to write and maintain a blog .
I honestly thought it would be easy and that I could generate a quality blog post in less than an hour .
Holy Mackerel was that the mother of all miscalculations .
I hope I am not alone but it takes me far longer than an hour to write most of my posts .
Networking –
In the beginning I was so swamped with information that one thing I neglected was networking .
On the surface networking might not seem important in the blogging world but in reality it is critical and can dramatically ramp up your progress .
The simplest form of networking is to simply visit other blogs and comment on their content .
This will start the foundation of a relationship that can pay off for both of you down the road .
Networking always needs to be an equal relationship where you both give and take from the relationship .
I know I would do anything to help my regular readers , simply because I want them to keep coming back .
Social Media – I was fortunate to discover Social Media early but I must admit it was by accident .
One of my very early posts was a WordPress Plugin Resource list .
This was the 4th post I had ever written and it was stumbled .
Wow ….2 k visitors in 2 hours and I was hooked .
My personal favorite is StumbleUpon , simply because it is so easy to use and can bring hordes of visitors in minutes .
Conclusion
There you have it , my most embarassing mistakes that I made when I started out blogging and occasionally still do today .
I love these reflection posts as they remind me to focus on the basics and stick to my plan .
A successful blog is made up of hundreds of small components , cogs in the machine if you will .
The time I spend checking up on myself keeps all of the cogs in the machine turning in the right direction , which keeps me moving forward .
It works for me , how about you ?
Do you revisit or run from your mistakes ?
What was the single biggest mistake you made during your first 90 days ?
Cheer me up and let me know I am not alone .
If you enjoyed reading this post then make sure to check out my blog at The Blog Entrepreneur .
I will be posting here every Friday so impress the boss and check out my posts .
Global food price rises are leading to " silent mass murder " and commodities markets have brought " horror " to the world , the United Nations ' food envoy has told an Austrian newspaper .
Jean Ziegler , UN special rapporteur on the right to food , told Kurier am Sonntag that growth in biofuels , speculation on commodities markets and European Union export subsidies mean the West is responsible for mass starvation in poorer countries .
Mr Ziegler said he was bound to highlight the " madness " of people who think that hunger is down to fate .
" Hunger has not been down to fate for a long time - just as ( Karl ) Marx thought .
It is rather that a murder is behind every victim .
This is silent mass murder , " he said in an interview .
Mr Ziegler blamed globalisation for " monopolising the riches of the earth " and said multinationals were responsible for a type of " structural violence " .
" And we have a herd of market traders , speculators and financial bandits who have turned wild and constructed a world of inequality and horror .
We have to put a stop to this , " he said .
Mr Ziegler said he believed that one day starving people could rise up against their persecutors .
" It 's just as possible as the French Revolution was , " he said .
- Reuters
Why I Don't Call Myself a " Moderate Austrian " By Bryan Caplan
Here ’s a fair comment on my last post :
Then you need to rewrite your article to say “ Why I am a moderate Austrian ” rather than why you are not an Austrian .
Then you could get the substance right , even if you disregard some errors that Mises made , or what have you .
I could do so ; but once you whittle Austrian economics down to its reasonable core , there ’s not enough distinctive content to warrant a label .
In fact , the label is probably counter - productive , because it makes other economists think that the core is something weird .
There ’s nothing about e.g.
Hayek ’s “ The Use of Knowledge in Society ” that any standard textbook author could n’t accept ; but when it travels under the Austrian flag , it makes mainstream economists nervous .
Needlessly .
Web developer often comes to a situation where he needs to “ decorate ” a block of a page .
There is a simple solution and simple and elegant solution .
Helpers concept in Ruby on Rails is very powerful and will be used to do the trick .
Imagine , you want to create a rounded box helper similar to Nifty Corners ( http://www.html.it/articoli/nifty/index.html), but you do not want to use javascript .
So , a handy helper needs to be created .
The principle of the Nifty Corners trick is adding few b tags before content , few b tags after it and few lines to CSS .
< div id =" container " > < b class = " rtop " > < b class= " r1 " ></b> < b class= " r2 " ></b> < b class= " r3 " ></b> < b class = " r4 " ></ b> </b> <!-- content goes here --> < b class= " rbottom " > < b class = " r4 " ></b> < b class= " r3 " ></b> < b class= " r2 " ></b> < b class= " r1 " ></ b> </b> </div>
and modification of CSS
.rtop , .rbottom { display : block } .rtop * , .rbottom * { display : block ; height : 1px ; overflow : hidden } .r1 { margin : 0 5 px ; } .r2 { margin : 0 3px ; } .r3 { margin : 0 2px ; } .r4 { margin : 0 1px ; height : 2px ; } .r1 , .r2 , .r3 , .r4 { background - color : red ; } .cont { background - color :red ; }
Easy solution
The easy solution uses two helpers .
One to put before the content and one to put it after .
So , the view could look like :
... <%= round_box_start %> content <%= round_box_end %> ...
Well , it does not look good .
So , what about the other solution ?
Easy and elegant solution
We will create a block level helper .
The view will look much better .
... <% round_box do %> content <% end %> ...
Now , let ’s create the helper :
def round_box ( &block ) b = ' < div id =" container " >< b class = " rtop " >< b class= " r1 " ></b>< b class= " r2 " ></b>< b class= " r3 " ></b>< b class = " r4 " ></b></b><div class= " cont " >' e = '< / div ><b class= " rbottom " >< b class = " r4 " ></b> < b class= " r3 " ></b> < b class = " r2 " ></b> < b class= " r1 " ></b></b></div>' #
Get the data from the block data = capture ( &block ) res = b + data + e #
Use concat method to pass text back to the view concat ( res , block .
binding )
end
Good , but works only for red boxes .
How to pass another color ?
Simply :
... <% round_box ( color ) do %> content <% end %> ...
and in helper
def round_box ( color , & block ) b = ' < div id =" container " >< b class = " rtop " >< b class= " r1 " ></b>< b class= " r2 " ></b>< b class= " r3 " ></b>< b class = " r4 " ></b></b><div class= " cont " >' e = '< / div ><b class= " rbottom " >< b class = " r4 " ></b> < b class= " r3 " ></b> < b class = " r2 " ></b> < b class= " r1 " ></b></b></div>' #
Get the data from the block data = capture ( &block ) res = b + data + e #
Use concat method to pass text back to the view concat ( res , block .
binding ) end
Final implementation of the colored box is left as a homework :o )
by Chris
Think chocolate and I imagine your first impressions are not Phil Collins .
I would guess that gorillas do not feature heavily either .
Unless you have seen this advert .
It ’s simple , it is annoyingly catchy ( especially to fans of American Psycho or people of a certain age ) , and it is very well done .
You know you want to see a gorilla drumming along to an 80′s classic pop song , admit it !
What it has to do with Cadbury ’s chocolate I have no idea , just enjoy
We have to be skeptical with small wind because it ’s been so shady up until now , but Mariah Power is seriously poised to release their vertical axis wind turbine this spring for $ 3,995 .
This is incredible news .
They just passed the ETL ( safety ) certification and also comply with UL1741 and IEEE 1547.1 .
Translation : the Windspire is safe to go to market .
But you ’ll notice that the Windspire features a new design , which is expected to produce about 1800 kilowatt hours per year in 11 mph average wind conditions .
That amount of wind power is roughly 25 % of a typical household ’s energy .
The Windspire has several features that make it a likely candidate to dazzle the market .
It is propeller free and conveniently shaped at thirty feet tall by four feet wide .
Does n’t need a lot of elbow room .
It has a fully - integrated design , aka the plug ‘n produce design , which includes the high efficiency generator , integrated inverter , and wireless performance monitor .
The integrated design allows for simple installation ( estimated to cost around $ 1,000 ) .
It uses a new , slow - speed giromill rotor for silent operation .
The giromill rotor is being independently tested , so the company can bring an element of trust to their marketing .
It is manufactured in gray but can be painted any color you want .
It has undeniable visual appeal , which I think is augmented if you line up a row of three or four , rotating like spinning rims on a tricked out car .
This turbine is going to be a big hit , I can feel it .
Via REA .
More info on the ETL Listed Mark .
Abstract
The article traces the emergence of war as the dominant term for responding to the events of 9/11 .
It does so by focusing on speeches , interviews and newspaper headlines in the immediate aftermath of the attacks in their discursive - pragmatic contexts .
In order to account for the salience and circulation of an expression such as war , it proposes for the public sphere a principle of discursive amplification .
The article also highlights , however , the unevenness of the adoption of the term war by showing how differently it was inflected at different moments and in different sections of the public sphere .
In addition , other modes of expression could have been adopted .
The article provides some discursive reasons why war prevailed .
Shuhei Ogawara is a former city employee of Koriyama , Japan .
He worked in city hall , and one day decided that it was f'ed up all the cafeteria 's disposable chopsticks were going in the trash after a single use .
So what did he do ?
What any normal person would -- he somehow retrieved said chopsticks and made a freaking canoe .
Ogawara spent over 3 months gluing 7,382 chopsticks together into strips to form the canoe shell , to which he added a polyester resin coat .
The canoe weighs about 30 kilograms ( 66 lbs ) , which is a bit heavier than an ordinary cedar canoe , but Ogawara is confident it will float .
A launching ceremony is planned for May at nearby Lake Inawashiro .
That 's awesome .
As someone who regularly throws things in the lake to see if they float , I 'm behind you , Ogawara .
Also , I stabbed my roommate with a used chopstick once .
But not before I coated the tip with wasabi .
He died .
Suck it , poison dart frogs .
Canoe made from disposable chopsticks [ pinktentacle ]
Thanks to Melissa , who never lets me down , for the tip
So I still have Shirky ’s post running through my head .
Here ’s something four - year - olds know : A screen that ships without a mouse ships broken .
Here ’s something four - year - olds know : Media that ’s targeted at you but does n’t include you may not be worth sitting still for .
Those are things that make me believe that this is a one - way change .
Because four year olds , the people who are soaking most deeply in the current environment , who wo n’t have to go through the trauma that I have to go through of trying to unlearn a childhood spent watching Gilligan ’s Island , they just assume that media includes consuming , producing and sharing .
When today I head into a 4th grade class to talk about cyber safety ( the school counselor talked me into it 😉 ) .
As we were wrapping up I asked the kids , “ How old do you think the Internet is ? ”
“ 50 ? ”
“ 20 ? ”
Counselor : “ What ! ” laughing “ No way ! ”
“ 15 ? ”
Me : “ Well actually the web as we know it today got started in 1996 . ”
Students :
“ What !
That ’s it ? ”
“ No Way ! ”
Every student but one has their own cell phone
Every student raised their hand when I asked if they go on the Internet at least once a week .
Every student has an mp3 player
To reword Shirky from above :
Here ’s something fourth graders know : Media is free , content is free , it ’s always been that way .
Here ’s something fourth graders know : Information that ’s targeted at you but does n’t include you may not be worth sitting still for .
Those are things that make me believe that this is a one - way change .
Because fourth graders , the students we ’re teaching are soaking most deeply in the current environment , who wo n’t have to go through the trauma that we have to go through of trying to unlearn a childhood spent watching ( Insert favorite sitcom ) , they just assume that information is consumable , producible and sharable .
And that ’s just the way it is !
What interested me the most is in all six of the classes , as soon as I start talking about technology they all get that look …. teachers know the one ….. the one of complete attention , of wanting to know and wanting to share what they know .
We talk about all their favorite sites , we talk about who has this gaming console and who has that one .
We talk about cell phones … and when they are really excited , we talk about staying safe on the web .
What do you share , what not to share , were are the “ cool places ” and where should you not go .
One fourth grade lied and is on Facebook
Three others have older siblings who are under 13 and are on Facebook .
Ladies and Gentlemen we ’re missing opportunities here to teach with the tool they so desperately want to use and want to learn .
I could have asked them to write about their favorite features on their cell phones .
To write a letter to their parents about why they should get an iPhone ( persuasive writing ) .
We could have discussed the lastest podcast from ?????
We could have discussed the latest developments in Club Penguin .
We can do so much with what they are excited about .
So many opportunities to bring learning into what they are doing , what they want to be doing , a where they are and want to spend their time .
Opportunities ….so many opportunities .
The subtitle of this excellent book , by Daniel Koretz , is What Educational Testing Really Tells Us .
Here is one excerpt :
The distressingly large achievement differences among racial / ethnic groups and socioeconomic groups in the United States lead many people to assume that American students must vary more in educational performance than others .
Some observers have even said that the horse race — simple comparisons of mean scores among countries — is misleading for this reason .
The international studies address this question , albeit with one caveat : the estimation of variability in the international surveys is much weaker than the estimation of averages .
… We are limited to more general conclusions , along the lines of " the standard deviations in the United States and Japan are quite similar . "
Which they are .
In fact , the variability of student performance is fairly similar across most countries , regardless of size , culture , economic development , and average student performance .
I was shocked to read this but the book is highly reputable and persuasive .
West Virginia just keeps outdoing itself !
The state — which is separate from regular Virginia because they used to like black people — is expected to overwhelmingly support Hillary Clinton in tonight 's primary .
Because Senator Clinton has been quite effective in drumming up support among older , blue - collar voters , yes , but also because Barack Obama is a Muslim and a terrorist who will enslave the white race and probably suicide bomb the White House .
In the clip above , a voter explains that she can't support a Muslim .
The reporter half - assedly attempts to correct her .
Our voter will have none of it .
Does n't anyone remember Barack Obama 's crazy black Christian preacher ?
There 's more !
This recent Financial Times piece about West Virginia voters quotes a " lifelong Democrat " :
" I heard that Obama is a Muslim and his wife 's an atheist , " said Mr Simpson , drawing on a cigarette outside the fire station in Williamson , a coalmining town of 3,400 people surrounded by lush wooded hillsides .
Mr. Simpson , that does not even make sense .
You think a secret radical Muslim would marry an atheist ?
Even if it was purely to piss off Christians ?
Sleeper agent jihadists are not known for their tolerance of Enlightenment principles !
Seriously , West Virginia , we are going to give you back to Virginia unless you can demonstrate that you can handle statehood again .
And no one wants that .
European Commission disclosed its plans to allow airlines offer midair mobile phone calls to passengers across the European Union .
Under the new regulations , European Commission would merge cellular licensing requirements and technical standards to cover cell phones as they traverse numerous boundaries in the air .
According to the new expertise , passenger phones are to be linked to onboard cellular networks that are then linked to the ground via satellite , thereby ensuring safety also to the aircraft equipment .
The new regulation would designate space on the limited radio spectrum and guarantee that the licenses granted in one member state are recognized in all 27 EU countries .
The technology will cover GSM phones functioning in the 1800 megahertz frequency band .
The commission however has n’t said anything about the charges of the new onboard facility .
Carla del Ponte : Kosovo leaders kidnapped Serbs and sold their organs
Carla del Ponte , a former prosecutor for the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia ( ICTY ) in the Hague , now Switzerland ’s Ambassador to Argentina , made a sensational announcement .
Her autobiographical book “ The Hunt ” reveals that Serbian men have been kidnapped and their organs were sold to international traffickers .
Carla del Ponte : Kosovo leaders kidnapped Serbs and sold their organs
Carla del Ponte ’s announcements have already caused the criminal case institution in Serbia .
District Court of Belgrade has already started the hearing of 300 young Serbians being kidnapped in the summer of 1999 , who as del Ponte claims , were transported to Albania and had there their internal organs removed .
These villainous crimes , compared just to the horrors of Third Reich , were held by the leaders of Kosovo Liberation Army ( KLA ) whose co-leader was the present - day prime minister of Kosovo Hashim Thaci .
His profile , gathered by his opponents , contains the evidence of dozens of crimes made by him as a field commander against the Serbians in Kosovo .
According to Simo Spasich , the head of the Missing in Action Families Union , he met Carla del Ponte several times and gave her the documents , containing evidence of Kosovo ’s Serbians kidnapping and killing in concentration camps .
However even after the prosecutor visited the house where the organs have been removed , in the town of Burel in the north of Albania , to see herself medical equipment and blood that proved del Ponte was right , no further investigation was proposed .
Belgrade ’s Press shows the evidence that many Serbian organizations tried to make ICTY investigate crimes made by Albanians in Kosovo , mailed detailed maps of the concentration camps in the north of Kosovo and in the north of Albania .
However , no investigation was ever initiated .
In the recent interview to the Italian La Stampa Carla del Ponte convinced that today a war criminal ’s pursuit is connected with solely politics .
It ’s not by chance that her book was released only after Prishtina proclaimed independence .
According to Belgrade ’s newspaper “ The Press ” , the entire criminal business was controlled personally by Hashim Thaci .
He earned millions of dollars on human organs ’ trade .
This is what the former judge of the District court of Pristina Danic Marincovic tried to say during the proceedings against Slobodan Milosevic in the Hague .
She also said that the United Nations Mission in Kosovo ( UNMIK ) , headed at that time by France ’s Minister of Foreign Affairs Bernar Kushner , prohibited from investigation of the cases of people disappearance and kidnapping .
Meanwhile Carla del Ponte and her former helpmate Florance Artman state that the Un administration , under which jurisdiction the country has been existing for many years , prohibited from the attempts to charge Albanians .
In one of the interviews Artman confessed that it was the members of the UNMIK that did n’t let “ iron Carla ” institute a criminal case against Albanians that kidnapped people and traded their organs .
Translated by Lena Ksandinova
women gained the vote
Explore a new web exhibit on how women gained the vote in the U.S. 100 years ago »
Posted on by diarrheaBot
Do n’t Screw With My Games :
I have been using Vista for well over a year now ( since Beta 1 ) .
Of course Vista is slow , its bloated ( over 10 x the size of XP ) , aero kills system performance ( even though this should be done on the video card ) , networking is pathetically slow , etc etc .
We all know Vista sucks .
But recently my blood has been set to a rolling boil by the fact that most of my games just do n’t work in Vista .
At all .
Its so bad that out of spite I have decided to make a list of games that work better in Linux under Wine than in Vista .
These are games that were originally written to run in Windows XP , are broken in Vista , but magically work in Linux .
You are probably wondering what Wine is , so from the authors :
… an Open Source implementation of the Windows API on top of X , OpenGL , and Unix .
Think of Wine as a compatibility layer for running Windows programs .
Wine does not require Microsoft Windows , as it is a completely free alternative implementation of the Windows API consisting of 100 % non-Microsoft code , however Wine can optionally use native Windows DLLs if they are available .
Wine provides both a development toolkit for porting Windows source code to Unix as well as a program loader , allowing many unmodified Windows programs to run on x86 - based Unixes , including Linux , FreeBSD , Mac OS X , and Solaris .
Which means basically
Wine is a program that lets you run Windows programs outside of Windows ( on a Mac or Linux , for example ) .
There is also a version of Wine called WineX / Cedega , which is written for playing games .
Specifically , WineX supports DirectX .
Unlike Wine , Cedega actually costs money , but its still cheap when you compare the cost of it to an actual Vista install .
How could a handful of programmers working in their spare time beat thousands of full - time Microsoft employees at their own game ( hey Vista only took 5 + years ) ?
A couple of things : 1 . the Wine guys are good at what they do .
2 . Vista is a full scale train wreck .
All tests were run on the same dual - boot machine .
My version of Vista is completely patched , and so are my video card drivers , in case you were wondering .
For Linux , I am running Mepis 7.0 .
The hardware in my machine is : AMD Athlon 64 3200 + , 1.5 GB RAM , NVidia GeForce 5 FX Series .
Enough introductions , onto the results .
Test # 1 Soldat :
Soldat is a free indy game that has been described as Worms +
Counter Strike , its supposed to be fun .
I would n’t know .
I tried to play it and it did n’t work .
Its a game that is still being actively developed , the version I used was from Aug 2007 , well after Vista ’s release .
Even still , I could n’t get it work on Vista , regardless of the configuration .
On Vista :
I get a grey screen with some red boxes , and some green boxes .
Then the screen goes black and the entire machine freezes .
I need to reboot .
There is absolutely no reason for anything but drivers written by a retarded monkey to take down any operating system .
The fact that a very simple game can take Vista down completely is pretty pathetic .
On Wine in Linux ( not Cedega ) :
The default configuration does not work , but unlike in Vista , when Soldat crashes , it does n’t bring the entire operating system down with it – the process just terminates .
To get it to work , I have to turn all the settings way down , but it works … slowly .
Test # 2 Darwinia :
So we ’ve found one game still under active development .
That did n’t work .
Whats next ?
How about one published while Vista was being developed ?
If compatibility problems came up during Vista development , they should be able to catch and fix the problem .
I had exactly the game that fit the bill – I recently bought a title named Darwinia from Circuit City for a whopping $ 1.40 .
This game was completed in 2005 , but is still patched occasionally .
On Vista :
Similar to Soldat , this game froze Vista cold .
The screen goes completely black and its time for a reboot .
Patching the game to the most recent version fixed the problem , but the performance is so bad ( 10 fps ) that even when it works its unplayable .
On Wine in Linux ( not Cedega ) :
Again , its shocking to see better application compatibility on Wine than in an actual version of Windows .
Although Darwinia fails to run in Vista unpatched , it runs fine under Wine ( even at a tolerable speed )
Test # 3 Blackthorne in DOSBox :
Blackthorne is one of Blizzard ’s first game titles , and its a real classic .
In order to play most games from the DOS era ( pre Windows 95 ) , its necessary run them on a program called DOSBox , which is a program that fakes being an old computer , which allows old games to run .
To read more about either check out my Best Abandonware Games post .
On DOSBox in Vista :
Blackthorne does n’t run by itself , but this is n’t bad or surprising .
DOSBox not working is the problem .
In DOSbox , the Blackthorne hangs after outputting a message about the music composer of the game .
I try turning off all sound in the game configuration .
Still no dice .
The DOSBox window hangs , I need to go to Task Manager ( ctrl+alt+delete ) to kill the window .
Hey , this is an improvement .
At least I did n’t have to shut off the machine .
On DosBOX in Linux :
Does n’t run under Wine , also not surprising .
In DOSBox there is the same message about the music , but then Blackthorne fails in the way it was supposed to .
It prints an error message about the sound card , exits , and puts me back at the prompt .
I do n’t have to go to Task Manager to kill anything .
I do n’t have to reboot .
Changing SoundBlaster Pro to SoundBlaster solves the issue – the game works with sound .
Test # 4 Civilization 4 :
Listen , I ’ve been playing thee Civilization series for something like 17 years .
I love all of them .
When I get Vista installed on my computer I ’m just praying to myself that everything works ok .
PLEASE do n’t take this away from me .
I might loose it .
On Vista :
Put the CD in and install it .
So far so good .
When I run it , I get this delightful message :
Motherf #&!!!
This is more than I can handle .
If you [ Microsoft ] know something is wrong , fix it .
Do n’t pass the blame onto the game author .
You are the one who broke it .
To add insult to injury , actually running the game does what ?
I ’ll give you a guess .
If you need a hint , look at what happened with the first two games .
Thats right , it hung my computer .
When you mess with Civilization , its personal .
I can handle some indy games that are only played by a few thousand people not working , but this is a HUGE title , one of the best sellers in 2005 .
How can you knowingly break this and claim that with Vista you get “ Simply Great Gaming “ ?
I ’d have a better time playing with a steaming pool of diarrhea .
Update : With the 1.61 patch , Civ4 no longer freezes , but it like in WineX , it does not recognize the cd labeled “ Play / Disc 2 ” when in the drive .
An improvement , but still not good enough .
On Wine in Linux ( not Cedega ) :
DirectX fails to install .
This is n’t cool , but at least it does n’t hang my machine .
On WineX / Cedega in Linux :
Install works fine .
I fire it up , but the game ca n’t locate the CD so it wo n’t run .
This is n’t cool , but at least it does n’t require a reboot .
Still , a better result than in Vista .
This failure was experienced by someone else as well .
Conclusion :
This post is clearly a bit biased .
What shocked me though was how easy it was to find games that did n’t run under Vista but did in Linux by using Wine or DOSBox .
I ’m not a huge gamer , so I do n’t have a huge collection of games to try out , but even still with just a few hours of frustrating work , I have been able to show that not only is Linux a reasonable alternative to Vista for gaming ( XP is still king though ) , but also that Linux handles application failures more gracefully than Vista .
Every game but Blackthorne crashed my Vista box , this did n’t happen a single time under Linux .
Make your own call .
Update :
If you want a more trustworthy review of games in Vista ( Beta 2 , not RTM ) , check out Extremetech ’s article , or Gamespot ( which confirms the Vista / Civ 4 failure ) .
This review is just for my configurations on one machine , and I intentionally did n’t try hard to get broken things to work .
You ’ll get results more like theirs if you have the patience to track through forums and publisher websites for workarounds .
Update : I recently tested the performance of Vista compared to Windows Server 2008 .
Windows Server comes out ahead by 33 % in ram usage , and 10 % in processing speed of benchmarks .
Update : Vista compatibility is bad , but SP1 compatibility is worse .
Update : Things I actually liked about Windows Vista .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Boring - ass - shit , Diarrhea , Games , Lying Fuckers , nerds , original , Out of Control , pwned , Shit For Brains , tech , Useful Things , Vs | Tagged : cedega , dosbox , gaming , linux , Vista , wine , winex , XP |
A goods train in southern France has been attacked by robbers who made off with cushions bearing the Playboy logo .
The attack happened in the northern suburbs of Marseille , the regional newspaper La Provence reports .
It says the thieves blocked the track with sleepers , causing the 700 m ( 760 - yard ) train to screech to a halt , and forced open a number of containers .
Apart from the Playboy cushions , police said it was not clear what else was taken .
The train driver was not harmed .
The car used in the robbery was later found burnt .
A foliage sculpture of Beatle Ringo Starr in the band 's home city has been beheaded by vandals .
The topiary feature , which took 18 months to cultivate into the fab four , was unveiled at the city south Parkways Transport Exchange last month .
Starr 's head was chopped off , but the rest of the Beatles were untouched .
The 67 - year - old outraged some Liverpool residents when , after opening the European Capital of Culture events , he said he missed nothing about the city .
Merseytravel funded the topiary which was commissioned from artists in Tuscany and cultivated on the Wirral .
The piece was created by Italian sculptor Franco Covill and then nurtured and shaped into George , Ringo , John and Paul .
New Tom Cruise Marijuana Really Bugging Out Tom Cruise
Like us on Facebook :
The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi
Continuing our efforts to cover all things green ( remember that story about Weeds getting some eco- packaging ? ) , we present to you the latest entertainment news concerning the world ’s favorite illegal substance .
While many enthusiasts will assure you that you ca n’t get any better than the gorilla glue strain , it looks as though somebody has tried their hand at an alternative .
This one is hilarious .
And you do n’t even need to be high to enjoy it .
Apparently , there is a new strain of medical marijuana out there being marketed as “ Tom Cruise Purple “ .
Why the dubious honor ?
The weed is reportedly so potent that it causes you to see things that are n’t really there .
Obviously , only people with a med card will know for sure .
We all know Tom is heavy into the Scientology side of things — so we ’re thinking this is probably where the joke is being directed .
Of course , the actor is n’t backing the moniker — especially with his past objections to psychotropic drugs — and is getting his legal team into action .
From the article ,
“ Word is that the actor ’s lawyers are taking a serious look at the strong brand of bud after we brought it to their attention .
One of Cruise ’s friends found it ‘ outrageous ’ that licensed cannabis clubs in Northern California are selling vials of pot featuring a picture of Cruise laughing hysterically .
I guess if you were looking to venture in this industry , this story would be one to tell about what not to do when it comes to dealing with the marijuana packaging and branding side of it all .
Hopefully , they will learn from their mistakes .
Staffers at several California clinics we called said they were forbidden to discuss any of the herbal varieties in their ‘ inventory . ’
But one weed devotee said , ‘ I heard it ’s the kind of pot that makes you hallucinate . ' ”
Awesome .
We really hope Kevin Nealon ’s character gets an opportunity to sample this fine bud on the next season of Weeds .
And Tom ?
Chill out man — it ’s all good .
via Celeb|bitchy
ABC News :
The Democratic National Committee is set to file a complaint ( .pdf ) in federal court against the Federal Election Commission , saying the regulatory agency has failed to act on a request to investigate and take action against Sen .
John McCain , the Republican presidential - nominee - in - waiting , for reversing his decision to use public money in the general election .
In February , the DNC asked the FEC to look into whether the McCain campaign violated federal election law by using the promise of federal matching funds for loans and by exceeding the $ 50 million spending limit for the primaries .
The FEC has been unable to make a quorum since the initial DNC request .
Even before the Democrats submitted their February complaint , the FEC mailed the McCain campaign a letter asking for an explanation of an agreement it entered into with Fidelity Bank and Trust Bank of Bethesda .
Democrats say that agreement is proof the McCain team violated the law .
President Correa would rather " cut off his arm " than see the US stay Ecuadorian lawmakers have approved a constitutional change that would outlaw foreign military bases on its soil .
The approval throws into doubt the future of a key US base in the South American country .
The US has its only South American base in the town of Manta but its 10 - year lease is up for renewal next year .
The lawmakers ' decision , if given final approval in a public vote , could signal the end of joint Ecuadorean and US efforts to fight drug cartels .
" Ecuador is a land of peace ; foreign military bases or foreign installations with military purpose will not be allowed , " read the amendment approved by the assembly , which is controlled by President Rafael Correa 's Alianza Pais party .
Strained relations
The air base at Manta has great strategic value for the US military .
American officials say surveillance flights from Manta have led to more than half the illegal drug seizures in the region .
The coastal town also doubles up as a strategic look - out post for US forces monitoring warships heading north from the Middle East and Asia .
But Ecuador 's left - wing president Rafael Correa , a political ally of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , has said he would rather " cut off his arm " than allow the Americans to stay on at Manta .
The move to ban foreign bases in Ecuador was first proposed by the country 's constituent assembly last month .
It is one of several constitutional changes to be put to a national vote later in the year .
The dispute over the base comes during a period of strained relations between Ecuador and its neighbour Colombia - the US 's closest ally in the region .
Tension almost boiled over last month following a Colombian military raid inside Ecuador in which a top commander of the Colombian rebel group , Farc , was killed .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Cut Off the Head of the Pig Who Says Our Religion " Exalts Violence and Hate " !:
AFP :
French anti-terrorism authorities Friday opened an inquiry into death threats against a philosophy teacher who has been forced into hiding over a newspaper column attacking Islam , legal officials said .
Robert Redeker , 52 , is receiving round - the - clock police protection and changing addresses every two days , after publishing an article describing the Koran as a " book of extraordinary violence " and Islam as " a religion which ... exalts violence and hate " .
He told i- TV television he had received several e-mail threats targeting himself and his wife and three children , and that his photograph and address were available on several Islamist Internet sites .
" There is a very clear map of how to get to my home , with the words : ' This pig must have his head cut off ' , " he said .
UPDATE : By the way , I do n't think that Islam , as such , is necessarily more prone to violence and intolerance than other religions ; my own European Jewish ancestors overall likely suffered far more under Christian regimes than my wife 's Iraqi Jewish ancestors suffered under Muslim regimes .
But the radical , fascistic Islamist movement is to Islam as the radical fascistic " Christian Identity " movement is to Christianity - - a perversion of the religion in the name of a supremacist , violent ideology .
[ Of course , modern Christianity is much more cuddly than modern Islam , but that 's a result of secular ideologies , such as separation of church and state , taking hold , thus privatizing religion , not because politicized Christianity is inherently cuddly .
For example , it was only one hundred or so years ago that the Tsars stopped kidnapping ten year - old Jewish boys and sending them to the army for twenty years in order to Christianize them , 150 or so years ago that the Pope enthusiastically endorsed taking an Italian Jewish child away from his parents because his Catholic nanny had secretly converted him , and only a couple hundred years earlier that the Thirty Years War fought in the name of sectarian Christianity slaughtered a good percentage of the European population . ]
FURTHER UPDATE :
My understanding is that modern Islamism , at least its Sunni variation , descends from Muslim Brotherhood ideology , and that the Brotherhood was itself modeled on European fascist movements , thus " fascistic " is an appropriate moniker .
There was a time in world history when Islamic societies were relatively advanced and tolerant , and Christian societies relatively backward , violent , and intolerant .
Religions with long written and oral traditions can be used and misused in any number of ways by those who seek to use them for political ends .
One commenter mentioned the late Rabbi Meir Kahane , whose movement in Israel was indeed an analogue to Christian Identity .
I suppose it 's wrong to say that fascistic Islamism is a " perversion " of Islam , because there is no such thing as " official " Islam .
Rather , it 's one way of interpreting Islam for those who seek to use it to political ends , but , as a practical matter , it 's no more an inherent element of Islam than the Inquisition was an inherent element of Christianity .
And I get impatient with those who quote the Koran .
You can quote the Torah and discover that Judaism is a genocidal religion ( at least with regard to the inhabitants of the Land of Israel ) that also demands , among other things , executing anyone who violates the Sabbath .
And indeed you can find a lunatic fringe that still believes in such things , but the mainstream of the religion has evolved well beyond this .
Oral tradition ( which itself eventually gets written ) has thousands of way to accommodate ancient religious dictate to modern liberal society , if one is inclined to do it .
One is left to hope that fascistic versions of Islamic interpretation will lose out largely through internal rejection , and not , as may seem more likely today , through military confrontation with the West .
Patrick Swayze to Star in Point Break Sequel
Remember the early 90's surfing movie Point Break starring Patrick Swayze and Keanu Reeves ?
We may get another shot at seeing Swayze return to the big screen for the sequel .
The anticipated role is going to depend on whether Patrick 's health permits .
Swayze is suffering from pancreatic cancer which was diagnosed earlier this year .
Since 2001 , Clinton has received more of almost every benefit available to former presidents .
Taxpayers fund Bill Clinton spending
The Clintons have made a $ 100 - million fortune since leaving the White House , but a Politico analysis found that has n’t kept Bill Clinton from taking full advantage of the publicly funded perks offered to ex-presidents .
In fact , his presidential retirement benefits cost taxpayers almost as much as those of the other two living ex-presidents combined .
Advertisement
The price tag for Clinton ’s federal retirement allowance from 2001 through the end of this year will run $ 8 million , compared to $ 5.5 million for George H. W. Bush ’s and $ 4 million for Jimmy Carter ’s during the same period .
Since 2001 , Clinton has received more of almost every benefit available to former presidents — from his pension to his staff ’s salaries and benefits to supplies .
His $ 420,000 phone bill and $ 3.2 million office rent tab both nearly surpassed the totals rung up for those purposes by Bush , Carter and the late former presidents Gerald Ford and Ronald Reagan combined .
As a group , they spent $ 484,000 on telephone service and $ 3.8 million on rent in the same span .
The figures come from congressional reports studying the presidential retirement program and from summaries of annual budget requests by the U.S. General Services Administration , which administers the program , created to allow former presidents to enjoy dignified retirements without having to take jobs that demean or commercialize the presidency .
Some of Clinton ’s greater spending stems from the fact that he served eight years in office , qualifying him for a federal health insurance plan unavailable to one - term presidents , and that he selected office space in the high - priced Manhattan market .
Politico ’s analysis comes on the heels of the release last week of seven years ' worth of Clinton family tax documents .
They showed that the Clintons pulled in $ 111 million in total income from 2000 , their last year in the White House , through 2007 .
Given Bill Clinton ’s earning potential and that of future ex-presidents , “ the benefits taxpayers shell out for their care and feeding just do n’t make sense anymore , ” contended Pete Sepp , spokesman for the fiscally conservative , nonprofit National Taxpayers Union .
The group has pushed to reduce or cap the perks available to former presidents and their families .
“ There ’s a very flimsy justification for such generosity in many ex-presidents ’ cases .
In Bill Clinton ’s case , there ’s zero , ” he said .
But Jay Carson , who worked for Clinton after his presidency and now serves as a spokesman for Hillary Rodham Clinton ’s presidential campaign , said the former president 's retirement allowances are justified .
“ Since leaving office , President Clinton has represented the American people at home and abroad , at state funerals , through his work with former President Bush on the tsunami and Hurricane Katrina , and through his vigorous charitable foundation work to fight AIDS , climate change and childhood obesity , ” Carson said in a statement .
None of the retirement resources are used for Hillary Clinton ’s campaign , Carson said .
“ President Clinton ’s office ’s policy is that staff members paid by GSA who engage in political activity may not do so on GSA - paid time , ” he noted .
In addition , Carson said Clinton did not spend the full amount allocated to him over the past three years .
Congress passed the Former Presidents Act in 1958 , after news spread of the financial struggles of former President Harry Truman .
He wrote in his memoirs : “ I could never lend myself to any transaction , however respectable , that would commercialize on the prestige and dignity of the office of the presidency . ”
The act and subsequent legislation now entitle each former president to a pension , an office and staff , travel costs , mailing privileges and assorted other supplies , materials and services .
That ’s to say nothing of lifetime Secret Service protection , which costs significantly more than discretionary retirement allowances .
It was not included in Politico ’s analysis because the agency does n’t disclose its budget for protecting individuals .
The Government Accountability Office in a 2001 report pegged the cost of protecting all former presidents from 1977 through 2000 to $ 370 million , yet protected parties typically have little say in the size and shape of their details .
Former presidents can decide whether to accept the act ’s retirement benefits , as well as how much to request .
When a former president wants a given perk , his office informs the GSA , which submits a proposed budget to Congress using previous years ’ expenses as a guide .
Since 2001 , no ex-president has declined all the benefits , though some have accepted fewer specific perks or turned them down outright .
In 2002 , for instance , Ford did n’t accept a dime for printing costs , while Carter did not receive any money for his staff ’s benefits .
According to GAO and Congressional Research Service records , Reagan from 1996 or earlier , until his death in 2004 , did not accept a health insurance benefit that two - term presidents can opt to add to their pension payments .
Clinton applied for the health benefit before leaving office , according to the GSA , and has received it each year .
This year , it was $ 10,000 , according to GSA .
Carson said Clinton never sought increases from the GSA ’s proposals and , “ on occasion , his staff has recommended decreases to the proposed budgets . ”
The GSA categorizes the benefits in broad categories that sometimes leave much to the imagination .
For instance , since 2001 , Clinton has received more than the other former presidents for “ other services ” ( $ 751,000 ) and “ supplies & materials ” ( $ 143,000 ) , while Bush got the largest allowance for “ equipment ” ( $ 328,000 ) .
The GSA said “ supplies ” include “ office supplies , publications and subscriptions , ” while “ equipment ” means “ computers and peripheral equipment , as well as servers . ”
Some expenses , like phone bills and rent , have no limit , while others , like staff salaries , are capped .
Presidential pensions are statutorily set at the same amount per year as the salaries of sitting Cabinet secretaries , who will earn $ 191,000 this year .
As for the higher rent for Clinton ’s office , which is located in a penthouse in New York City ’s Harlem neighborhood , Carson said it ’s a function of location , location and location .
While Clinton ’s office is costlier per square foot , it is also more spacious than that of Bush or Carter .
This year , according to a 2007 Congressional Research Service report , taxpayers will fork over $ 516,000 for Clinton ’s 8,300 - square - foot Harlem office , while Carter ’s 4,200 - square - foot Atlanta digs will run them $ 102,000 .
Bush ’s 4,600 - square - foot Houston spread will cost $ 175,000 .
Carson stressed that not all of the space in Clinton ’s office is usable .
Clinton ’s rent would have been less if his office were on a lower floor , according to a 2001 GAO report , which said the rent per square foot for Clinton ’s office is about 4 percent higher than that of a Social Security office located on a lower floor in the same building .
But the lower office does n’t have the same view of Central Park , the George Washington Bridge and most of Manhattan as that reportedly offered by Clinton ’s suite .
The offices of Bush and Reagan both also offered “ good panoramic views , ” according to the GAO report , which said that , when it came to selecting Clinton ’s office , “ no other comparable properties exist in the area . ”
Clinton ’s rent is quite a bit less than that of the office that was his first choice : a 56th - floor midtown Manhattan suite two blocks south of Central Park .
Clinton backed away from plans to locate there amid criticism from congressional Republicans , then in the majority , over the estimated $ 811,000 - per - year rent .
Carson said Clinton ’s Harlem office continues to serve a vital function , even as Clinton travels the country — paid for by his wife ’s presidential campaign , not taxpayers — stumping for her .
“ While President Clinton is devoted to supporting Sen. Clinton ’s candidacy , his office continues to function , ” Carson said .
“ Each year , former President Clinton ’s office receives , processes and responds to tens of thousands of pieces of mail and e-mail correspondences and thousands of scheduling requests , the majority of which are related to his position as a former president . ”
The credit crisis is tightening the screws on thousands of small to midsize banks across the United States , squeezing local builders and businesses that depend on those lenders for financing .
Losses are mounting so rapidly at some of these banks that a small number of them , perhaps 50 out of the 7,500 nationwide , could fail over the next 12 to 18 months , analysts said .
Some of the others are likely to shut branches or seek out mergers as the weakening economy strains their finances .
Small lenders are in far less danger than they were during the 1980s and early 1990s , when roughly 1,600 federally insured institutions failed during a savings and loan crisis .
And unlike many bigger banks , they shied away from complex mortgage - linked investments and subprime home loans .
But the breadth and depth of the current troubles have caught bank executives by surprise .
Federal regulators are particularly concerned about the exposure of smaller banks to the commercial real estate market , which has begun to soften in some parts of the country .
218 HD Resolution Desktop Wallpapers for Nerds
Here are 218 HD resolution wallpapers .
Nerds like you and me have big ass screens so ALL of these wallpapers are available in high resolutions of at least 1900x1200 .
Plus , each one has been hand picked for quality , not quantity .
And as much as I would like to make them all available for you in their uncompressed , full resolution glory , I do n't have an infinite bandwith machine .
Nor would that be fair to the original authors .
So to get the full resolution wallpaper you 'll notice a link to the source conveniently displayed along with the wallpaper 's title and resolution .
To make it easy for you , each of these links will actually direct you to the page that has that particular wallpaper available for download .
Enjoy !
Bookmark this page so you 'll remember to return again when you 're in need of a kickass new desktop wallpaper .
And sign up to the Nerd Newsletter to receive email notifications when even more quality content like this becomes available .
The Wallpapers ...
Growth of Cubic Bacteria 2560 x 1600 by Václav Pajkrt
WarCraft Skull 1920 x1200 from Curse.com
WarCraft Zul'aman 1920 x1200 from Curse.com
Spiderman 1920x1200 from CheatHappens.com
Crysis Fan Art 1920 x 1539 from CrysisOnline.com
Nvidia Green 1920 x1200 from nzone.com
Precious Things 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Sanctuary 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
The Four Quarters 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Ultra 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Interstellar 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Pageantry 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Midnight Blues 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Blessed By The Night 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Not Yet Lost 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
The Number of the Hours 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Transcendence 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Necromancer 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Riever of Light 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Hollow Worlds 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Waltzing in Shadows 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Scream 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Dolphin Dance 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
The Inner Unknown 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Yas 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
The Weed in the Wave 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Hellid 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Of Strange Design 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Forbidden Borders 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Cosmic Forces 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Spinneret 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Eirene ( Dream of Peace ) 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Polaris 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
No One Wants You When You 're Broken 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Dark Absolution 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Flow 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Jewelled Moth 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Floating on Dreams 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Mossy 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Mean 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Illusion 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Reprise 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Apparition 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Planetary Genesis 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Death on a Cloudy Day 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Splendor 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Smokey Green 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Embrace 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Diaphenia 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Ice Groto 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Green Spine 2560 x 1600 by Blatte 's Backgrounds
( you need to generate a free password from his Terms page )
Color Cubes 3200 x 1200 from dualscreenwallpaper.com
( smiley addon not required , just download the actual picture instead of clicking a resolution )
Blood Cells 2560 x 1024 from dualscreenwallpaper.com
( smiley addon not required , just download the actual picture instead of clicking a resolution )
China Talks 2560 x 1024 from dualscreenwallpaper.com
( smiley addon not required , just download the actual picture instead of clicking a resolution )
Dual Neurons 2560 x 1024 from dualscreenwallpaper.com
( smiley addon not required , just download the actual picture instead of clicking a resolution )
Cosmos Insanity 2560 x 1024 from dualscreenwallpaper.com
( smiley addon not required , just download the actual picture instead of clicking a resolution )
Fiber Optics 2560 x 1024 from dualscreenwallpaper.com
( smiley addon not required , just download the actual picture instead of clicking a resolution )
Purple Jet Stream 2560 x 1024 from dualscreenwallpaper.com
( smiley addon not required , just download the actual picture instead of clicking a resolution )
Hydro X 2560 x 1024 from dualscreenwallpaper.com
( smiley addon not required , just download the actual picture instead of clicking a resolution )
Chaos Forest 2560 x 1024 from dualscreenwallpaper.com
( smiley addon not required , just download the actual picture instead of clicking a resolution )
Swirling Light 2560 x 1024 from dualscreenwallpaper.com
( smiley addon not required , just download the actual picture instead of clicking a resolution )
Mint in Turquoise 5124 x 1604 from mandolux.com
Digg - er 5124 x 1604 from mandolux.com
Nike Black 5124 x 1604 from mandolux.com
Lolli 5124 x 1604 from mandolux.com
Valeria 5124 x 1604 from mandolux.com
Rack 5124 x 1604 from mandolux.com
T Clown 2564 x 1604 from mandolux.com
Germany ( Federal ) 2560 x 1600 from mandolux.com
GRNSCR 1900 x 1200 from pixelgirlpresents.com
Growing Love 1900 x 1200 from pixelgirlpresents.com
Of Me & You 1900 x 1200 from pixelgirlpresents.com
Blue Ink 5124 x 1604 from pixelgirlpresents.com
Jackless 5124 x 1604 from pixelgirlpresents.com
Deep Space Planet 2560x1592 from socwall.com
Moon Earth 2560 x 1600 from pichaus.com
Deep Space 2560x1024 from socwall.com
Eagle Nebula 1920x1200 from socwall.com
Digg 3D Wallpaper 2560 x 1600 from deviantart.com
( smiley addon not required , just download the actual picture instead of clicking a resolution )
1920 x 1280 from Hamad Darwish
1920 x 1280 from Hamad Darwish
1920 x 1280 from Hamad Darwish
1920 x 1280 from Hamad Darwish
1920 x 1280 from Hamad Darwish
1920 x 1280 from Hamad Darwish
1920 x 1280 from Hamad Darwish
Simpsons OSX Wallpaper 2560 x 1200 from Hamad Darwish
Guild Wars Nightfall 1920 x 1200 from CheatHappens.com
Guild Wars Nightfall 1920 x 1200 from CheatHappens.com
Guild Wars Nightfall 1920 x 1200 from CheatHappens.com
Darkwatch 1900 x 1200 from CheatHappens.com
Halo 1900 x 1200 from CheatHappens.com
Lord of the Rings White Council 1920x1200 from CheatHappens.com
Neverwinter Nights 1920x1200 from CheatHappens.com
Spiderman 1920x1200 from CheatHappens.com
Star Wars Episode III : Revenge of the Sith 1920x1200 from CheatHappens.com
Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic 2 1920 x 1200 from CheatHappens.com
Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic 2 1920 x 1200 from CheatHappens.com
Theif Deadly Shadows 1920 x 1200 from CheatHappens.com
Mario Party 8 from bowsershrine.com
Mario Strikers from bowsershrine.com
Super Paper Mario 1920 x 1200 from bowsershrine.com
Bowers from bowsershrine.com
Smash Bros Brawl from bowsershrine.com
Super Mario Galaxy 2560 x 1600 from Nintendolife.com
The Legend of Zelda : Twighlight Princess 2560 x 1600 from Nintendolife.com
Mario Party DS 2560 x 1600 from Nintendolife.com
Grass 1900 x 1200 from Mike Swanson
Green Leaf 1900 x 1200 from Mike Swanson
Drippy Leaf 1900 x 1200 from Mike Swanson
Vegetable 1900 x 1200 from Mike Swanson
Rocks 1900 x 1200 from Mike Swanson
Water 1900 x 1200 from Mike Swanson
Blue Wave 1900 x 1200 from Mike Swanson
StarCraft 2 1900 x 1200 from StarCraft2.com
StarCraft 2 1900 x 1200 from StarCraft2.com
V For Vendetta 1900 x 1200 from CinematicWallpaper.com
Vista Wallpaper 1920 x 1440 from HackLabs.com
Vista Wallpaper 1920 x 1440 from HackLabs.com
Vista Wallpaper 1920 x 1440 from HackLabs.com
Vista Wallpaper 1920 x 1440 from HackLabs.com
Vista Wallpaper 1920 x 1440 from HackLabs.com
Vista Wallpaper 1920 x 1440 from HackLabs.com
Do You Want My Kitty Doll ?
2096 x 3000 by Robin Benes
Unleashed Fury 2188 x 3030 by Robin Benes
Undead Warlock 1920 x 1200 by Blizzard
Fury of the Sunwell 1920 x 1200 by Blizzard
Nvidia Grey 1920x1200 from nzone.com
In Saturn 's Shadow 2766 x 1364 from ciclops.org
Frutis from 1920 x 1200 Graffiti Wallpaper
Ireland Glade from 1920 x 1200 Graffiti Wallpaper
Green Frog from 1920 x 1200 Graffiti Wallpaper
Green Star Graffiti from 1920 x 1200 Graffiti Wallpaper
Spray Can Fun from 1920 x 1200 Graffiti Wallpaper
Barcelona Graffiti from 1920 x 1200 Graffiti Wallpaper
Lighting from 1920 x 1200 Graffiti Wallpaper
Tree Snake from 1920 x 1200 Graffiti Wallpaper
Green Leaf 1920 x 1200 from Graffiti Wallpaper
Graffiti 1920 x 1200 from Graffiti Wallpaper
Crucible 1920 x 1200 from Digital Blasphemy
Reverie 1920 x 1200 from Digital Blasphemy
Fluorescent Mushrooms 1920 x 1200 from Digital Blasphemy
Coalescence 1920 x 1200 from Digital Blasphemy
Containment 1920 x 1200 from Digital Blasphemy
Verdure 1920 x 1200 from Digital Blasphemy
Undiscovered ( Night ) 1920 x 1200 from Digital Blasphemy
Summerwood 1920 x 1200 from Digital Blasphemy
Arctica 1920 x 1200 from Digital Blasphemy
Cosmic Dawn 1920 x 1200 from Digital Blasphemy
Cosmogony 1920 x 1200 from Digital Blasphemy
Overseer 1920 x 1200 from Digital Blasphemy
Transformers Optimus Prime 1920 x 1200 from 404secure.com
Transformers Decepticon 1920 x 1200 from 404secure.com
Splash 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Ghost Fog 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Dawn in Madrid 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Silence 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Neutron Revolver 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Lazy Days II 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Fall in Tennesee 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
We 're Not in Kansas Anymore 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
La Tour D'or 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Leeds Castle Grounds 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Mystery Bridge1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
The Blue Marble 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Grass 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Summer Storm 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Banf National Park 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Sunset in Edinburgh 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Midnight Fractals1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Summerwood 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Idyll 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Drops 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Tyn Cathedral 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Tree Snake 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Planet Earth Inversed 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Tree & Mountain 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Light Still Shines on the Fair 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Nautilus 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Finding a Way 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Pushing Pixels 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Less Colorful Variant 1920 x 1200 from InterfaceLift.com
Apple 1920 x 1200 by eWallpapers
Honda CR Z Concept 1920 x 1200 by eWallpapers
Feel Inside 1920 x 1200 by eWallpapers
Artistic Sunrise 1920 x 1200 by eWallpapers
Interesting 3D Shapes 1920 x 1200 by eWallpapers
Poker 1920 x 1200 by eWallpapers
Mysterious Wolf 1920 x 1200 by eWallpapers
Lock 1920 x 1200 by eWallpapers
Connection 1920 x 1200 by eWallpapers
Follow the Light 1920 x 1200 by eWallpapers
Snowy Peaks 1920 x 1200 by eWallpapers
Military Revention 1920 x 1200 by eWallpapers
Apple Purple 1920 x 1200 by eWallpapers
Positive Energy 1920 x 1200 by eWallpapers
BMW X530 Lumma 1920 x 1200 by eWallpapers
Mystic Castle 1920 x 1200 by eWallpapers
Reaching for the Stars 1920 x 1200 by eWallpapers
The Blue Jay 2560 x 1600 by eWallpapers
Last One Standing 1920 x 1200 by eWallpapers
Volvo Recharge 1920 x 1200 by eWallpapers
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Cheated .
Baited and switched .
That 's how veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan say they feel about military recruiters who sold them on how the GI Bill would benefit them .
Marine Todd Bowers did two tours in Iraq and returned to the United States to face student loan problems .
Soldiers , Marines and airmen , speaking at a Capitol Hill rally Tuesday , said they are not given enough funds from the bill to cover college expenses as they were promised .
Todd Bowers served two tours in Iraq .
" I came home proud , very proud of my service , with a Purple Heart on my chest and a Navy commendation medal with a ' V ' for Valor , " he told a crowd of veterans .
" But I did n't come back to the education I was expecting .
I came back to three different types of student loans , two of which had gone to collections . "
Najwa McQueen said she joined the Louisiana National Guard in 2004 on what she thought was a promise to help pay for her college education .
" They kind of sell you a dream , " she said after the rally .
" You think you 're going to get all of this stuff , and in reality , you do n't get that .
I just kind of believed what my recruiter told me , which is not the truth . "
McQueen left behind her husband and 18 - month - old daughter in October 2004 and served 10 months in Iraq .
After her service , she enrolled in college and found that her total benefits from the GI Bill would be $ 400 a month for four months , totaling $ 1,600 .
Her classes alone , she said , cost $ 1,000 each .
The GI Bill was created in June 1944 , when President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed into law the Servicemen 's Readjustment Act of 1944 .
It was designed to help educate and train military veterans returning from WWII .
According to the Department of Veterans Affairs , 7.8 million of 16 million troops who served in WWII received educational or vocational training from the GI Bill .
Watch Bowers and others say they are disappointed with GI benefits »
Today , the benefits from the GI Bill cover about half of the national average cost of college including tuition , board and room .
As of October 1 , 2007 , under the current GI Bill , the maximum for active - duty servicemen who were honorably discharged is $ 1,101 a month for 36 months to help cover tuition , room and board , and books .
For reservists and National Guard members , the average is lower : typically $ 440 a month .
" Not even [ enough to cover ] community college , " said Steven Henderson , a veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan .
Marine Corps reservist Evan Aanerud , who served in Iraq , enlisted right out of high school .
" After putting my life on the line for America , it would have been nice to be afforded the educational benefits we were led to expect , " he said .
One of the early beneficiaries of the GI Bill was Petty Officer 3rd Class John Warner , who served in the Navy in WWII and went on to earn undergraduate and law degrees .
The GI Bill covered both degrees in full at that time .
Warner is a U.S. senator from Virginia , and he spoke to the veterans at Tuesday 's rally .
" I would not be privileged to have served now these 30 years in the United States Senate , and at one time chairman of the Armed Services Committee , had it not been this great nation giving me the opportunity through the GI Bill to receive that education , preparation and training , " he said .
Warner is one of 58 senators co-sponsoring Sen. Jim Webb 's Post - 9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Act .
Webb 's proposal is designed to dramatically expand educational benefits for military veterans .
A version of the bill in the House has 241 co-sponsors .
Covering active - duty National Guard troops and reservists , as well as other service members , it aims to cover the cost of the most expensive public in - state universities and a monthly housing stipend .
Those who served on active duty for three or more months after September 11 , 2001 , would be eligible .
For private colleges with typically more expensive tuition fees , the bill seeks to match private schools ' contributions over the course of four academic years .
" This is not a difficult concept .
For all the people saying this is the new Greatest Generation , this is not a difficult thing .
This is the easiest way to prove that , " said Webb , a Virginia Democrat and Vietnam veteran .
The new bill 's cost is estimated at $ 2 billion .
House Democrats are discussing a proposal to add Webb 's bill and other domestic priorities to the Iraq War Spending Bill , according to several Democratic leadership aides .
President Bush warned Tuesday at a Rose Garden news conference that he would veto any additions to the bill .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Deidre Walsh contributed to this report .
All About U.S. Armed Forces Activities • Jim Webb
This is nothing but the private house of the former Secretary of Health Care of Azerbaijan ( the former USSR republic ) .
Two years ago he was sentenced to the five years of imprisonment with the confiscation of property . \
The reason was corruption .
Together with the imprisonment he had to pay a compensation of $ 17 million which seemed not to be a big trouble for him .
Some pictures of the property after the jump .
Mortgage Choice ( Melbourne based ) - " we 're ready to help you Pinpoint and Secure YOUR ideal Home Loan "
Mortgage Choice has been one of Australia ’s leading mortgage brokers since way back in 1992 .
We ’ve built our business around always putting our customer ’s needs FIRST , meticulous attention to detail , open lines of communication at all times and a genuine care for each individual client .
Our fully qualified and experienced team of mortgage brokers would love to assist with all of your home loan related challenges and goals - and best of all , you wo n't pay us for our services ( we are paid by the lenders ) .
What Type of Home Loan are you Looking For ?
We 'll search through hundreds of different loan options from more than 20 of Australia 's largest banks and lenders to find the one that best suits YOU .
First Home Buyer Loans - includes info about the first home owners grant ( FHOG ) .
What Does a Mortgage Broker do - what to Expect when you Engage Mortgage Choice
Our primary goal and motivation is to track down and secure the most suitable home loan for your individual needs and preferences .
We ’ll be by your side from start to finish - negotiating hard with the lenders to lock in a great home loan deal for you .
Let ’s break down the steps involved in securing your ideal home loan :
Step One : Let's Talk
The first step is for us to learn a bit more about you , including your current circumstances , any preferences you may have and your goals for the future .
We can catch up face to face at our office in Cheltenham , Port Melbourne or any other location of your choice throughout Melbourne .
Simply click on the orange " contact us " button up the top of this page or give us a call on 03 9585 7779 to arrange a meeting .
There ’s no charge or obligation involved in meeting with one of our fully qualified and experienced mortgage brokers - we ’d be happy to catch up for a chat .
Step Two : We 'll Get to Work
Based on our initial discussion with you , we 'll then roll up our sleeves and get to work .
Taking your unique set of circumstances and goals into consideration we will search far and wide to identify the most suitable home loan options for you ( from our extensive panel of lenders ) .
Loan selection is not as simple as locking in the one with the lowest interest rate or fees .
Of course , they are important elements , but there 's many other considerations that can be just as crucial to you - now and into the future .
That 's the advantage of engaging a good mortgage broker - we sort through all of those things for you .
We know and understand the Australian home loan marketplace back to front , so once we get to know you a little better , we 'll be able to pinpoint the exact loan options and features that are going to serve you best .
Step Three : Decision Time !
As soon as we have identified your best loan options , we 'll then present them to you to make the final decision ( you 're always in charge ) .
Then it 's time for us to prepare your loan application , negotiate with your chosen lender , gather all the necessary paperwork and do any other " legwork " that is required to get your loan settled .
We 'll be there for you throughout this entire process to ensure everything progresses as it should ( we 've got a great loan progress team working behind the scenes to help things run smoothly ) .
Here 's a bit of an overview of the home loan application process .
It outlines the steps involved and approximate timelines you should expect - Home Loan Application Process .
Mortgage Calculators - Do Some Of Your Own Research
Take some of our interactive home loan calculators for a drive , they will help you to discover :
We 're Not Just Mortgage Brokers - Mortgage Choice Offer a Full Suite of Financial Solutions
In addition to providing industry leading home loan advice we also offer a wide range of financial solutions to help you protect and reach your financial goals .
We have a dedicated financial adviser on staff who is ready to assist - Jeff Morel .
Jeff can help you with Personal Insurance , Investment Planning , Wealth Creation , Superannuation , Rollover Advice , Tax Strategies and Retirement Planning .
We also offer vehicle loans , equipment finance , car loans , commercial loans , business loans , income protection , life insurance and general insurance .
Give us a call on 03 9585 7779 or contact us through the orange " contact " button up the top of this page for further information about any of these services - we'd be happy to hear from you .
Why Choose Mortgage Choice ?
You can learn all about our origins , history , consumer protection initiatives and the long list of industry awards we have collected here .
While industry awards and recognition are certainly nice to receive , they are not what drive us and motivate us as we get to work each day - the satisfaction level of our clients provide us with all the motivation we need .
What 's Next ?
There 's only one thing left to do - get in touch with us .
If you 'd like to organise a free , no obligation appointment with one of our mortgage brokers located throughout Melbourne ( you can come to us , or we 'll come to you ) please click the orange " contact " button at the top of this page or simply give us a call on 03 9585 7779 .
We look forward to hearing from you .
In an effort to quell unrest , Communist Party officials are ordering Tibetans back to school .
Buddhist monks , civil servants and public school students have been instructed to attend special classes in the virtues of Chinese rule and the evils of their exiled leader , the Dalai Lama .
In these classes , the Tibetans read and recite from texts that denounce the Dalai Lama as a “ political reactionary ” and a “ betrayer of the motherland . ”
Ideological training is an enduring feature of Communist life , but has taken a back seat in a country consumed with more modern pursuits , such as making money .
But in Tibetan areas , the Communist Party is pursuing “ patriotic education ” with new zeal .
But the campaign may be backfiring .
Advertisement
Clashes that erupted last week in Sichuan province ’s Ganzi prefecture ( known as Kardze to Tibetans ) were reportedly triggered when the head of the Tongkor Monastery objected to Communist Party teaching materials that criticize the Dalai Lama .
Tibetan activists say eight people were killed in the April 3 incident .
Nevertheless , Communist officials insist that the program be expanded .
Touring a monastery last week , the deputy Communist Party chief for Tibet , Hao Peng , called for strengthening “ patriotic education so as to guide the masses of monks to continuously display the patriotic tradition . ”
Besides the monks , Tibetan civil servants , party members and schoolchildren have attended special reeducation sessions , according to the Tibet Daily .
At an elementary school , children viewed photographs of stores damaged in March 14 riots in Lhasa , the Tibetan capital , and sang patriotic songs .
Advertisement
“ If I had n’t seen it , I would n’t have believed those bad guys were so abhorrent , ” the newspaper quoted a third - grader as saying .
In a Tibetan village , an elderly party member was reported to have shouted criticism of what officials call the “ Dalai clique ” during an education session : “ They are going to plunge us once again into the abyss of suffering .
Their methods are despicable and cruel . ”
Tibet experts say the rhetoric harks back to the reeducation and self - criticism campaigns of the 1960s and 1970s , but is unlikely to be successful today .
“ Getting people to denounce the Dalai Lama or to recite ideological statements shows a lack of imagination on the part of the Communist Party .
There is no way they can force people into what they say is the correct way of thinking , ” said Ronald Schwartz , a Canadian scholar .
Advertisement
Schwartz and more than 200 other Tibet experts have signed an online petition calling for the Chinese government to negotiate over Tibetans ’ grievances , but he says he is not optimistic .
“ Patriotic education ” is one of the Tibetans ’ major grievances against Chinese rule .
The Communist Party intrudes into the minutiae of religious life , dictating which deities can be worshiped , what clothing can be worn , and the procedures for reincarnation -- a core belief in Tibetan Buddhism .
“ Patriotic education is a euphemism for brainwashing , ” said Chukora Tsering Agloe , a researcher at the Tibetan Center for Human Rights and Democracy .
Most provocative to Tibetans are the denunciations of the Dalai Lama .
The 72 - year - old monk and Nobel peace laureate is revered by Tibetan Buddhists as a deity ; statements against him are considered blasphemous .
Advertisement
Monks who refuse to speak out against the Dalai Lama in patriotic education sessions are usually expelled from the monastery and sometimes are arrested .
Last month , two monks were reported by Tibetan activists to have committed suicide because of the pressure .
Many of the recent demonstrations have been triggered by Chinese authorities ’ attempts to confiscate banned photographs of the man Tibetans refer to simply as “ his holiness . ”
Teaching materials reveal the extent to which the Communist Party feels threatened by the Dalai Lama .
Although the Dalai Lama has stated repeatedly that he favors more autonomy for Tibet rather than independence , teaching materials accuse him of being a pawn of “ Western capitalists ” who want to break up China .
“ His aim is to cause chaos and split the motherland , to struggle in competition with us to control the minds of the people , ” reads a pocket - sized pamphlet published in 1997 .
Advertisement
Another text from 2002 describes the relationship between China and Tibet dating back to the 6th and 7th centuries when Tibetan kings were married to Tang dynasty princesses .
“ It is clear that the Tibet region has had close relations with the motherland throughout its history , ” it says .
The booklet ( titled “ Handbook for Education in Anti-Splittism ” ) goes on to describe how Chinese Communist rule lifted Tibetans out of feudalism and predicts a rosy future :
“ The 1.3 billion children of China are striving without rest toward a renaissance of all China ’s nationalities and one of the most glorious epochs in our 5,000 - year history beckons . ”
Advertisement
--
barbara.demick@latimes.com
In open waters off Australia 's Great Barrier Reef , British diver Richard Neely and girlfriend Allyson Dalton tied themselves together as they drifted , trying desperately to be seen by spotter planes and searching ships .
Barbara McMahon in Sydney reports on their dramatic rescue
A British holidaymaker and his American girlfriend who survived for 19 hours in shark - infested waters off the Great Barrier Reef , have told how a rescue helicopter failed to spot them waving frantically for help .
Richard Neely , 38 , and partner Alison Dalton , 40 , were last night recovering in hospital after drifting for nearly a day after their diving trip went horrifically wrong .
The couple were part of a group of tourists on the 65ft catamaran Pacific Star and together with four other divers began exploring coral reefs around the Whitsunday Islands on Friday .
The two divers originally surfaced 200 meters too far from their appointed dive site but although they could see their boat clearly , those on board could not see them over the waves or hear their cries for help - and nor could the helicopter that arrived on the scene shortly afterwards .
From their hospital beds , the couple yesterday told how they had tied themselves to each other for warmth but began to lose hope after they drifted for nine miles from their boat .
' I truly thought we were going to die .
Sharks were on our mind the entire time - but neither of us mentioned the " S " word , ' said Neely , from Norfolk .
' We just had to stay positive and calm to help each other through the ordeal and not think about being eaten alive .
' To start with , we were just 200 m from the boat , which normally would n't be a problem .
We would just swim back , ' Neely added .
' But the wind and waves had got up and it just took us away from the reef .
We were signalling .
I had my surface marker buoy , a very long inflatable yellow sausage about two metres long , and I had a whistle .
' We were shouting and whistling but nobody saw us .
We saw other divers climbing back on to the boat and lifting out their equipment .
The boat stayed where it was , on a mooring , but we just kept drifting further away .
There was nothing we could do .
We were helpless .
' We tried to swim to a big buoy we could stand on , but we could n't make it .
The current was too strong and there was no point in using up all our energy .
' We were still hopeful they would come and look and see us , but the waves had picked up and the sun was behind us , so maybe they just could n't see us , ' he said .
Neely 's fellow divers searched for three hours but as night fell and it became too dark to continue looking for the couple , their boat headed back to shore .
At this point , said Neely , he recalled the book Bravo Two Zero , by the former SAS soldier Andy McNab for inspiration to stay warm .
He used a six - metre length of rope from his marker buoy to tie himself and Dalton together .
Every half an hour , they huddled together , pressing their stomachs together for warmth through their wetsuits , then they would flip their bodies over to swim in the direction of the dive boat , as calculated by Neely , a diving instructor who was monitoring their position by compass .
It was the first time they did this , at 9.30 pm , that they saw the first rescue helicopter .
' I shouted , " Look , look , there 's a helicopter .
They 're here .
They 're coming for us " , ' said Neely .
' But they did n't see us .
It was devastating to see them go round in their search pattern and then fly off into the distance .
' But we assumed they were going to refuel .
I kept reassuring Ali they would come back .
Then we would have a cuddle and get more body heat and then fin for a while and cuddle again .
' Sure enough , they came back every 45 minutes , did the same kind of search pattern , but I think with the wind and the two - metre waves , we were n't getting any closer .
' They obviously had n't realised we had drifted so far .
When the choppers stopped flying around at about 2.30 to three o'clock in the morning - we had no choppers for about three hours because the weather was so bad - both of us lost it .
We had a lot of silence .
Both of us would catch each other with our eyes shut , about to give up .
' I was aware we had been in the water for 19 hours by the time we were finally rescued .
From the start , I told Ali , " We are going to get through this . "
I told her we were going to get very , very , very cold and we just had to be super - strong and I convinced Ali we could survive .
' All through the night , we were sharing body warmth .
If I could see Ali getting weak , or Ali could see me getting weak , one of us would shout " I love you " to get a response so we knew we were awake .
' I really did n't think I could make it through the three , four , five o'clock time .
Nor did Ali .
We were hallucinating , seeing everything from robots to reefs and colourful fish in the sky and speaking a bit of gibberish .
' At that stage we thought we might close our eyes and sleep forever .
But I told Ali we have a young relationship and we have far too much more to do with our lives .
She is the most amazing person I 've ever met and we will go on and live our lives the way we are meant to . '
During the night , said Neely , he thought he was going to die .
' But once daylight was coming , along with warmth from the sun , we thought , " OK .
We 're going to get picked up . "
But then with all of the choppers going past us but not seeing us , our hopes faded .
' We thought , " Oh my God , please - how can they not see us ? " and we thought over the next two hours maybe we were not going to be picked up that day .
I would n't have been able to last into the next night .
We had bad moments .
In the morning the shark thought popped into my head again .
But I thought , " Rich , do n't even go there . "
' I said to myself , " This is really , really bad .
This is a major drama .
We 're going to be on television . "
That kind of thing .
We had to actually admit to ourselves we could die here . '
Then , at 8.40 am yesterday , suffering from hypothermia , they were finally spotted - just after a highly - venomous sea - snake reared up in Dalton 's face , forcing the rescue helicopter to winch the rescuer back up and move away .
' It startled me as it put its head out of the water and its face was in my face , ' said Dalton , who runs a British - style pub in Sacramento , California , and is a qualified dive master .
' They are one of the most deadly poisonous snakes in the world , so I quickly swam away from it , ' she added .
On the helicopter , they were wrapped in blankets and foil covers to help combat hypothermia and given small sips of water by a medic to rehydrate them .
After medical checks on nearby Hamilton Island , the exhausted couple were flown to a hospital in Townsville , Queensland , but released after several hours ' rest and recuperation .
Dalton , who has been dating Neely for just nine months , said the experience had shown her what an amazing man he was .
' I think we saved each other 's lives .
Richard is an amazing man .
I would not be here without him , ' said Dalton .
' This terrible experience has definitely brought us closer together .
We had an amazing relationship before , but to survive something like this together is bound to tie us as one forever . '
Darren Bobbin , a crew member on a rescue helicopter , said his team had searched for six and a half hours during the night using night - vision equipment .
' Things were not looking good .
We went back to Hamilton Island to refuel and then we went back out again .
All of us had a search grid to cover and we were going back and forth and then we heard one of the other crew say , " We 've got a visual of two survivors " . '
Bobbin and his crew then helped with the rescue .
' The woman was even able to joke , ' he added .
' We asked them for a photograph and she said something about her hair not looking right because she 'd spent so much time in the water . '
Last night , Neely 's father Stuart said his son had called to say that he and Alison had been rescued from the sea in Australia .
' Then when I switched on the television I saw footage of him inside the helicopter .
If he had n't warned me I think I would have fainted on the spot .
He told me they had been in the water for 18 hours - and there were a lot of sharks around .
' He and Alison are both being treated for hypothermia - it is a long time to be in the water , even in a wetsuit .
I am just so relieved that they are both safe . '
Adventurers who cheated death
· A retired surgeon survived a fall of 200 ft earlier this year after an avalanche hit him in Scotland .
Bill Church , 61 , had been climbing the Black Spout Gully in Lochnagar and was 30ft from the top when a cornice broke above him and the resulting torrent of snow swept him away .
It took four hours for him to crawl across the snow to a first - aid hut .
A mountain rescue team found him wrapped in a sleeping bag in sub-zero temperatures the next day .
He miraculously escaped with just a broken left ankle .
· Adventurer Steve Fossett - who was declared dead after going missing in the Nevada desert last year - made a disastrous fourth round - the - world balloon attempt in 1998 .
At the 15,000 - mile mark , his balloon caught fire during a violent thunderstorm at an altitude of five miles high .
He was plunged into waters near the Solomon Islands and spent the next 20 hours under the twin threats of shark and crocodile attacks .
· A swimmer survived an attack from great white shark by poking it in the eye as it dragged him through the water .
Jason Cull , 37 , was swimming off Albany in Western Australia two weeks ago when the 12ft shark tore two chunks from his left leg .
He told the Australian newspaper : ' I found its eye and stuck my finger in .
That 's when it let go . '
He was rescued by a lifeguard .
· A rock climber in Utah had to cut off his own arm to free himself after he became trapped under a fallen boulder .
In May 2003 , Aron Ralston spent five days pinned down in a canyon in the west of the state before he decided that he would have to amputate his own arm below the elbow using a pocket knife .
The 27 - year - old then escaped to the bottom of the canyon and walked for five miles before finding help .
Cesar Chavez Day .
That 's what Barack Obama is endorsing : A national holiday in honor of the late , legendary activist for farmworker rights ( pictured below ) .
Today is Chavez 's birthday -- and Hillary Clinton 's campaign was the first to draw attention to that this morning , issuing a statement celebrating the 81st anniversary of Chavez 's birth ( he died on April 23 , 1993 ) .
But Obama , who has struggled to overcome Clinton 's significant advantage among Latino voters in state after state , sought to one - up his rival for the Democratic presidential nod by joining the call for creating a national holiday to commemorate the father of the United Farm Workers .
" As farmworkers and laborers across America continue to struggle for fair treatment and fair wages , we find strength in what Cesar Chavez accomplished so many years ago , '' Obama said in a statement from his campaign .
" And we should honor him for what he 's taught us about making America a stronger , more just , and more prosperous nation .
" That 's why I support the call to make Cesar Chavez 's birthday a national holiday .
It 's time to recognize the contributions of this American icon to the ongoing efforts to perfect our union . "
Clinton , in her statement , said : “ Today , I join millions of Americans in commemorating the life of one of our great civil rights leaders , Cesar Chavez .
Driven by his strong desire to ensure better quality of life for migrant farmworkers across the country , Chavez helped found -– along with Dolores Huerta –- the United Farm Workers of America , arguably one of the first effective farmworkers unions in the United States . ''
Huerta , 77 , endorsed Clinton ...
In an all - out bid to give the wavering Republicans back their national voice , as he stumps around the country in the last eight days before mid-term elections , Mr. Bush lacerated liberals , who he said are " still peddling that tired old saw about Republicans and the rich . "
" Well , you and I both know that that is hogwash , and we 're not going to let them get away with that anymore , " Mr. Bush said .
" I 'm taking this message all across the country :
We are for the working people in this country . "
Saying the various proposals to reduce the deficit were " the good , the bad and the ugly , " Mr. Bush accused the Democrats of pushing him into tax increases -- even though the President himself issued the first explicit statement conceding that he would have to break his " no new taxes " pledge .
' We Had to Pay a Ransom '
" To get an agreement , we had to pay a ransom to get the $ 350 billion in spending cuts , " the President said .
" And the American people have had to pay a price for divided government . "
He tried to tar the Democrats , who believe they have regained their national voice as champions of the middle class and poor , as " big spenders " who tried to pack the budget agreement with pork .
" At the same time , this President and these Republican members were doing our level - best to curtail spending , Congress voted to spend a half a million dollars to create a Lawrence Welk tourist attraction , " Mr. Bush said .
" And we all like Lawrence Welk , ' dah - dee - dah , ' you know how he is .
But I cite this as a symptom of the problem . "
Mr. Bush was referring to Congress 's approval last week of a $ 500,000 grant for Strasburg , N.D. , to build a German - Russian museum at the farm where the famous band leader was born .
By not turning in a budget in April , the President said , the Democratic - controlled Congress put the country " on the brink of an economic downturn . "
Scarlett Keeling was on holiday with her family on India Some organs were removed from the body of murdered British teenager Scarlett Keeling , her mother 's lawyer has said .
Vikram Varma , lawyer for Scarlett 's mother Fiona MacKeown , said the discovery was made during a third post - mortem examination in Devon .
He said her uterus , kidneys and stomach were missing .
The semi-naked body of Scarlett , 15 , from Devon , was found on Anjuna beach in Goa in India on 19 February after she had been raped and murdered .
' Nightmare ' Mr Varma said : " I have spoken to Fiona who has told me the uterus , kidneys and stomach are missing .
" I am waiting for an e-mail from the coroner confirming in writing what is missing so I can then take it up with the Ministry of Health .
" There is no reason to take these organs , a doctor only takes a sample of an organ for tests .
" To remove the whole organ without written consent is not permissible . "
Ms MacKeown told BBC
News it was " just one nightmare on top of another " .
She said : " I am going to go back to India and ask for an investigation as to why her uterus was missing and why I have n't been consulted about repatriating the parts back to her body and why so much was taken . "
A Devon and Cornwall police spokesman said the third post - mortem examination - carried out by a UK forensic pathologist , following two post - mortems in India - had now been completed .
He said : " Samples have now been sent away for toxicology analysis .
" The results of this examination will be divulged at the inquest into Scarlett 's death , the date of which is yet to be set . "
Cover - up claim Ms MacKeown has previously criticised the Goa police 's handling of the case .
India 's top federal detective agency , the Central Bureau of Investigation , has been asked to take over the investigation to prove the Goa police have nothing to hide .
Ms MacKeown has alleged police officials have covered up evidence over her daughter 's death to protect the tourism trade and drug dealers .
Scarlett had been staying at the resort with a friend while the rest of her family travelled further afield .
Initially , police said she had accidentally drowned but later opened a murder investigation under pressure from Ms MacKeown .
Police have arrested two men , Samson D'Souza , 28 , who has been remanded in custody on suspicion of rape , and Placido Carvalho , who has appeared in court on suspicion of drugging Scarlett and assisting in the murder .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Has Capitalism Failed ?
by Ron Paul by Ron Paul
DIGG THIS
This article is excerpted from Part I of Pillars of Prosperity .
An MP3 audio file of this article , read by Dr. Floy Lilley , is available for download .
Before the U.S. House of Representatives , July 9 , 2002
$ 35 $ 24
It is now commonplace and politically correct to blame what is referred to as the excesses of capitalism for the economic problems we face , and especially for the Wall Street fraud that dominates the business news .
Politicians are having a field day with demagoguing the issue while , of course , failing to address the fraud and deceit found in the budgetary shenanigans of the federal government — for which they are directly responsible .
Instead , it gives the Keynesian crowd that run the show a chance to attack free markets and ignore the issue of sound money .
So once again we hear the chant : “ Capitalism has failed ; we need more government controls over the entire financial market . ”
No one asks why the billions that have been spent and thousands of pages of regulations that have been written since the last major attack on capitalism in the 1930s did n’t prevent the fraud and deception of Enron , WorldCom , and Global Crossings .
That failure surely could n’t have come from a dearth of regulations .
What is distinctively absent is any mention that all financial bubbles are saturated with excesses in hype , speculation , debt , greed , fraud , gross errors in investment judgment , carelessness on the part of analysts and investors , huge paper profits , conviction that a new era economy has arrived and , above all else , pie - in - the - sky expectations .
When the bubble is inflating , there are no complaints .
When it bursts , the blame game begins .
This is especially true in the age of victimization , and is done on a grand scale .
It quickly becomes a philosophic , partisan , class , generational , and even a racial issue .
While avoiding the real cause , all the finger pointing makes it difficult to resolve the crisis and further undermines the principles upon which freedom and prosperity rest .
Nixon was right — once — when he declared “ We ’re all Keynesians now . ”
All of Washington is in sync in declaring that too much capitalism has brought us to where we are today .
The only decision now before the central planners in Washington is whose special interests will continue to benefit from the coming pretense at reform .
The various special interests will be lobbying heavily like the Wall Street investors , the corporations , the military - industrial complex , the banks , the workers , the unions , the farmers , the politicians , and everybody else .
But what is not discussed is the actual cause and perpetration of the excesses now unraveling at a frantic pace .
This same response occurred in the 1930s in the United States as our policymakers responded to the very similar excesses that developed and collapsed in 1929 .
Because of the failure to understand the problem then , the depression was prolonged .
These mistakes allowed our current problems to develop to a much greater degree .
Consider the failure to come to grips with the cause of the 1980s bubble , as Japan ’s economy continues to linger at no - growth and recession level , with their stock market at approximately one - fourth of its peak 13 years ago .
If we ’re not careful — and so far we ’ve not been — we will make the same errors that will prevent the correction needed before economic growth can be resumed .
In the 1930s , it was quite popular to condemn the greed of capitalism , the gold standard , lack of regulation , and a lack government insurance on bank deposits for the disaster .
Businessmen became the scapegoat .
Changes were made as a result , and the welfare / warfare state was institutionalized .
Easy credit became the holy grail of monetary policy , especially under Alan Greenspan , “ the ultimate Maestro . ”
Today , despite the presumed protection from these government programs built into the system , we find ourselves in a bigger mess than ever before .
The bubble is bigger , the boom lasted longer , and the gold price has been deliberately undermined as an economic signal .
Monetary inflation continues at a rate never seen before in a frantic effort to prop up stock prices and continue the housing bubble , while avoiding the consequences that inevitably come from easy credit .
This is all done because we are unwilling to acknowledge that current policy is only setting the stage for a huge drop in the value of the dollar .
Everyone fears it , but no one wants to deal with it .
Ignorance , as well as disapproval for the natural restraints placed on market excesses that capitalism and sound markets impose , cause our present leaders to reject capitalism and blame it for all the problems we face .
If this fallacy is not corrected and capitalism is even further undermined , the prosperity that the free market generates will be destroyed .
Corruption and fraud in the accounting practices of many companies are coming to light .
There are those who would have us believe this is an integral part of free - market capitalism .
If we did have free - market capitalism , there would be no guarantees that some fraud would n’t occur .
When it did , it would then be dealt with by local law - enforcement authority and not by the politicians in Congress , who had their chance to “ prevent ” such problems but chose instead to politicize the issue , while using the opportunity to promote more Keynesian useless regulations .
Capitalism should not be condemned , since we have n’t had capitalism .
A system of capitalism presumes sound money , not fiat money manipulated by a central bank .
Capitalism cherishes voluntary contracts and interest rates that are determined by savings , not credit creation by a central bank .
It ’s not capitalism when the system is plagued with incomprehensible rules regarding mergers , acquisitions , and stock sales , along with wage controls , price controls , protectionism , corporate subsidies , international management of trade , complex and punishing corporate taxes , privileged government contracts to the military - industrial complex , and a foreign policy controlled by corporate interests and overseas investments .
Add to this centralized federal mismanagement of farming , education , medicine , insurance , banking and welfare .
This is not capitalism !
To condemn free - market capitalism because of anything going on today makes no sense .
There is no evidence that capitalism exists today .
We are deeply involved in an interventionist - planned economy that allows major benefits to accrue to the politically connected of both political spectrums .
One may condemn the fraud and the current system , but it must be called by its proper names — Keynesian inflationism , interventionism , and corporatism .
What is not discussed is that the current crop of bankruptcies reveals that the blatant distortions and lies emanating from years of speculative orgy were predictable .
First , Congress should be investigating the federal government ’s fraud and deception in accounting , especially in reporting future obligations such as Social Security , and how the monetary system destroys wealth .
Those problems are bigger than anything in the corporate world and are the responsibility of Congress .
Besides , it ’s the standard set by the government and the monetary system it operates that are major contributing causes to all that ’s wrong on Wall Street today .
Where fraud does exist , it ’s a state rather than federal matter , and state authorities can enforce these laws without any help from Congress .
Second , we do know why financial bubbles occur , and we know from history that they are routinely associated with speculation , excessive debt , wild promises , greed , lying , and cheating .
These problems were described by quite a few observers as the problems were developing throughout the 90s , but the warnings were ignored for one reason .
Everybody was making a killing and no one cared , and those who were reminded of history were reassured by the Fed Chairman that “ this time ” a new economic era had arrived and not to worry .
Productivity increases , it was said , could explain it all .
But now we know that ’s just not so .
Speculative bubbles and all that we ’ve been witnessing are a consequence of huge amounts of easy credit , created out of thin air by the Federal Reserve .
We ’ve had essentially no savings , which is one of the most significant driving forces in capitalism .
The illusion created by low interest rates perpetuates the bubble and all the bad stuff that goes along with it .
And that ’s not a fault of capitalism .
We are dealing with a system of inflationism and interventionism that always produces a bubble economy that must end badly .
So far the assessment made by the administration , Congress , and the Fed bodes ill for our economic future .
All they offer is more of the same , which ca n’t possibly help .
All it will do is drive us closer to national bankruptcy , a sharply lower dollar , and a lower standard of living for most Americans , as well as less freedom for everyone .
This is a bad scenario that need not happen .
But preserving our system is impossible if the critics are allowed to blame capitalism and sound monetary policy is rejected .
More spending , more debt , more easy credit , more distortion of interest rates , more regulations on everything , and more foreign meddling will soon force us into the very uncomfortable position of deciding the fate of our entire political system .
If we were to choose freedom and capitalism , we would restore our dollar to a commodity or a gold standard .
Federal spending would be reduced , income taxes would be lowered , and no taxes would be levied upon savings , dividends , and capital gains .
Regulations would be reduced , special - interest subsidies would be stopped , and no protectionist measures would be permitted .
Our foreign policy would change , and we would bring our troops home .
We cannot depend on government to restore trust to the markets ; only trustworthy people can do that .
Actually , the lack of trust in Wall Street executives is healthy because it ’s deserved and prompts caution .
The same lack of trust in politicians , the budgetary process , and the monetary system would serve as a healthy incentive for the reform in government we need .
Markets regulate better than governments can .
Depending on government regulations to protect us significantly contributes to the bubble mentality .
These moves would produce the climate for releasing the creative energy necessary to simply serve consumers , which is what capitalism is all about .
The system that inevitably breeds the corporate - government cronyism that created our current ongoing disaster would end .
Capitalism did n’t give us this crisis of confidence now existing in the corporate world .
The lack of free markets and sound money did .
Congress does have a role to play , but it ’s not proactive .
Congress ’ job is to get out of the way .
See the Ron Paul File
Dr. Ron Paul is a Republican member of Congress from Texas .
Ron Paul Archives
The Best of Ron Paul
Mr Bush said the report had not changed his opinion
Bush on Iran
Mr Bush said the report released on Monday was a " warning signal " and his view that a nuclear Iran would be a danger " has n't changed " .
The president stressed that Iran was still trying to enrich uranium and could restart its weapons programme .
Tehran has denied continued accusations that it is developing nuclear weapons .
Mr Bush said the new National Intelligence Estimate ( NIE ) was " an opportunity for us to rally the international community " to pressure the Iranian regime to suspend its efforts to enrich uranium - a key part of the process in making a nuclear bomb .
" I view this report as a warning signal that they had the programme , they halted the programme , " Mr Bush told a news conference .
" The reason why it 's a warning signal is they could restart it .
Democratic presidential hopefuls , gathered for a debate in Iowa , condemned President Bush 's reaction to the report .
" I vehemently disagree ... that nothing has changed and therefore nothing in American policy has to change , " said Senator Hillary Clinton .
The president should " seize this opportunity " and engage in " serious diplomacy " , she said .
Rival contender Senator Barack Obama said that Mr Bush " will not let facts get in the way of his ideology ... and that 's been the problem with their [ the Republicans ] foreign policy generally . "
The Democrats had earlier called for a rethink of US policy regarding Iran , in response to the report .
Military option
Monday 's report said with " high confidence " that it believed Iran had halted its nuclear weapons programme in 2003 , but that it was continuing to enrich uranium .
The declassified summary of the combined assessment of the US 's 16 intelligence agencies said Iran was keeping its options open on developing nuclear weapons .
This report proves Bush 's statements - which always speak of the serious threat of Iran 's nuclear programme - are unreliable and fictitious
Mohammad Ali Hosseini ,
Iranian foreign ministry
In quotes : Report reaction
The assessment overturned the previous view that Iran was pushing ahead with a weapons programme .
Concern about Iran 's nuclear ambitions has seen the country punished with UN Security Council and unilateral US sanctions .
Analysts say the latest intelligence report will make it harder for proponents of military action against Iran to argue their case .
When asked if military action was a possibility , Mr Bush said : " The best diplomacy - effective diplomacy - is one in which all options are on the table . "
' Vindicated '
A BBC correspondent in Washington says there has been a dramatic shift in President Bush 's rhetoric on Iran .
He says Mr Bush has gone from raising the spectre of World War III , to saying that Iran could be a danger to the world if it had the knowledge to develop nuclear weapons .
Iran welcomed the report , with Iranian television hailing it as a " victory " and saying Iran had been " vindicated " .
A foreign ministry spokesman said it proved Mr Bush 's statements were " unreliable and fictitious " .
France and the UK voiced their support for continued diplomatic pressure on Iran .
The head of the International Atomic Energy Agency , Mohamed ElBaradei , said the new intelligence " should help to defuse the current crisis " but called on Iran to clarify some aspects of its past and present nuclear activities .
State authorities brought civil and criminal charges against Colorado residents who registered recreational vehicles worth up to $ 400,000 in Montana to avoid local taxes and registration fees .
The offenders registered recreational vehicles only in Montana , which does not charge sales taxes on motor vehicles and has low registration fees .
But Colorado residents must pay sales taxes and registration fees in Colorado , said Mark Couch , spokesman for the Colorado Department of Revenue .
The Colorado Attorney General ’s Office and the revenue department working together obtained misdemeanor tax evasion convictions against 12 people living in Jefferson , Boulder , Arapahoe and Weld counties , Couch said .
They each received deferred sentences , and were also ordered to pay restitution to the state , register their recreational vehicles in Colorado and perform community service , Couch said .
The Revenue Department also took civil action against other Colorado residents who owned recreational vehicles registered in Montana .
The state billed 122 recreational vehicle owners $ 2.7 million in unpaid sales taxes , penalties and interest .
Kirk Mitchell : 303-954-1206 or kmitchell@denverpost.com
PS3 edges Xbox in Grand Theft Auto IV shootout
Q : My 16 - year - old son wants a video game console for his birthday , so he can play Grand Theft Auto IV .
We 're trying to decide between the Sony PlayStation 3 and the Microsoft Xbox 360 .
Which do you think would be better ?
A : Before we get to that , you need to decide whether your son is ready for GTA IV .
Yes , it 's a fantastic game .
I have n't played it , but I 've watched it being played on a big - screen TV , and the scenery , lighting and action are astounding .
However , it is rated for mature audiences , and in fact may be the most " adults only " video game yet .
The rating label on the package says you can expect " partial nudity , strong language , strong sexual content , use of drugs and alcohol , blood , and intense violence . "
OK , you 've been warned .
Now for the console comparison .
Early reviews suggest that GTA IV plays about equally well on the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360 .
Both consoles can display the game in full 1080p on an HDTV with that resolution .
Both allow online gaming via a Wi -Fi network : Microsoft 's Xbox Live service is more robust than Sony 's PlayStation Network , but Microsoft charges a fee , while the Sony service is free .
Microsoft has an exclusive arrangement for additional GTA IV content that users will be able to download later this year .
On the other hand , the PlayStation 3 has a built - in Blu-ray disc player , which means you can use it to watch high - definition DVD movies .
Bottom line :
If you were planning to get a Blu-ray disc player , go for the PlayStation .
Otherwise , it 's a tossup .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
Q:I want to create a company letterhead in Microsoft Word .
My problem is that after I insert our logo , I can't move it into the proper position next to the company name and address .
Every time I try to drag it to the correct spot , it pushes the text to a different line .
Is there a way to configure images so they can be moved freely within a Word document ?
A : Of course there 's a way .
By default , images inserted into a Word document are " in-line " graphics meant to have text above and below them .
But that 's easy to change .
In Microsoft Word 2007 , right - click the image that you 've placed in the document ( via the Insert menu ) , then point to Text Wrapping in the context menu that appears .
You 'll see a number of options for displaying graphics and text together .
The one you want is " Through , " which will let you position your logo anywhere in relation to the company name .
In earlier versions of Word , the process is basically the same .
Right - click the image , choose Format Picture , then tab over to Layout to see the options .
Q: Our home computer runs slower than I do , and that is not a good thing .
I 'm not sure if it is the games our boys have loaded onto it , or old programs taking up space .
The computer is a 2 - year - old Dell running Windows XP with 512 MB of memory .
Any ideas ?
A : Regardless of what 's causing the slowdown , you probably could speed things up by adding more memory .
The stuff 's cheap , so I 'd increase the total to 2 GB .
You can buy memory chips and install them yourself , or take the computer to a computer superstore to have it done .
As for the slowdown , it could be caused by a number of things .
Programs that launch automatically at startup and sit in the background can gobble system resources .
Spyware can slow down your computer .
So can a badly fragmented hard drive .
And sluggishness also can be caused by too much extraneous code in the Windows registry from programs you 've installed and deleted over time .
A good first step is to tidy up your hard disk with Windows ' disk defragmenter tool ( you can find it by going to Start / All Programs / Accessories / System Tools ) .
To give your system a tuneup , use a registry cleaner / system optimizer program .
Two good ones that happen to be free are Advanced WindowsCare Personal from Iobit.com and CCleaner ( ccleaner.com ) .
If they do n't satisfy , you can try a well - regarded commercial program such as Registry Mechanic ( pctools.com ) or AusLogics BoostSpeed ( auslogics.com )
They 're each $ 29.95 .
Tip of the Week
Check out the Computer History Museum in Mountain View , where Charles Babbage 's Difference Engine No. 2 , one of the earliest designs for an automatic computing engine , is on display for the first time in the United States .
Designed in the middle of the 19th century , the engine consists of 8,000 parts of bronze , cast iron and steel .
At the exhibit you can see and hear the engine working .
And no , it ca n't play Grand Theft Auto .
For more info , go to computerhistory.org .
Filing Follows Stonewalling By Defense Department
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
NEW YORK - The American Civil Liberties Union filed a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request today with the Departments of Justice and Defense for the release of a report on a long - running investigation of the FBI 's role in the unlawful interrogations of detainees in Iraq , Afghanistan and Guantánamo Bay .
The Justice Department 's Office of Inspector General ( OIG ) launched the investigation after internal government documents - uncovered by an ACLU lawsuit - revealed that FBI agents stationed at Guantánamo Bay expressed concern after witnessing military interrogators ' use of brutal interrogation techniques .
According to recent media reports , the OIG investigation has been completed for months .
The Defense Department , however , has blocked the OIG from releasing it , claiming that the report still needs to be reviewed and redacted by the Pentagon .
" The Pentagon is using the classification review as a pretext to delay the release of a report that ought to have been released months ago , " said Jameel Jaffer , Director of the ACLU National Security Project .
" It 's increasingly clear that the report is being suppressed not for legitimate security reasons , but in order to protect high - level government officials from embarrassment , criticism , and possibly even criminal prosecution .
The report should be released immediately . "
Inspector General Glenn
Fine has stated that his report was finalized months ago .
In the last few weeks , Fine has taken the unusual step of publicly criticizing the Defense Department for delaying the release of the report .
The OIG investigation was initiated in 2005 after the ACLU obtained documents in which FBI agents described interrogations that they had witnessed at Guantánamo Bay .
The documents included :
An e-mail in which FBI agents stated that Defense Department interrogators had impersonated FBI agents during an interrogation and used " torture techniques . "
The email stated that the techniques were ineffective .
An e-mail in which an FBI agent stated that " on a couple of occasions " he or she " entered interview rooms to find a detainee chained hand and foot in a fetal position to the floor , with no chair , food , or water , " and that on one occasion he or she entered a cell to find that " the A/C had been turned off , making the temperature in the unventilated room probably well over 100 degrees .
The detainee was almost unconscious on the floor with a pile of hair next to him .
He had apparently been literally pulling his own hair out throughout the night . "
An e-mail that suggests that , although FBI agents began reporting abuse in 2002 , the FBI did not initiate any comprehensive investigation of the abuse until after the Abu Ghraib photographs were published in 2004 .
While the documents obtained by the ACLU were most notable for their description of illegal interrogation methods used by military interrogators , the documents also raised serious questions about the FBI 's participation in abusive interrogations , the actions of FBI personnel who witnessed abusive interrogations , and the response of FBI officials to reports of abuse .
Today 's FOIA request seeking the OIG report itself as well as all documents related to the investigation is part of a broader ACLU effort to uncover information about the Bush administration 's torture policies .
In October 2003 , the ACLU and the New York Civil Liberties Union - along with the Center for Constitutional Rights , Physicians for Human Rights , Veterans for Common Sense , and Veterans for Peace - filed a request under the Freedom of Information Act for records concerning the treatment of prisoners in U.S. custody abroad .
To date , more than 100,000 pages of government documents have been released in response to the ACLU 's FOIA lawsuit enforcing the request - including the Bush administration 's 2003 " torture memo " written by John Yoo when he was a deputy at the DOJ's Office of Legal Counsel .
A copy of today 's FOIA request is available at : www.aclu.org/safefree/torture/34956lgl20080422.html
The documents received in the ACLU 's FOIA litigation are online at : www.aclu.org/torturefoia
In addition , many of the FOIA documents are also compiled and analyzed in a recently published book by ACLU attorneys Jaffer and Amrit Singh , Administration of Torture .
More information is available online at : www.aclu.org/administrationoftorture
DST FACTS DST FACTS
For most people , daylight - saving time means switching clocks ahead by one hour Saturday night and getting to church , work , or other activities on time Sunday .
and getting to church , work , or other activities on time Sunday .
The official start of daylight saving time is at 2 a.m. Sunday .
Many people will reset their clocks before going to bed Saturday .
A few parts of the country do not observe daylight time .
Those include Arizona , Hawaii , Puerto Rico , the Virgin Islands , American Samoa , Guam and the Northern Marianas .
Standard time returns Nov. 2 . Source : Associated Press WASHINGTON  For Benjamin Franklin , daylight saving time was about saving candles and for modern lawmakers , it 's about electricity — but a recent university study found it might actually cost more energy when the nation resets its clocks Sunday .
Matthew J. Kotchen , a professor of environmental economics at the University of California in Santa Barbara , and Laura E. Grant , a doctoral student in the same field , studied the effects of daylight saving in Indiana , where some counties used it and others did not .
The states changed the law two years ago so that all counties now use daylight saving time .
In an interview , Kotchen said using residential electricity bills for Indiana , he and Grant found that daylight saving time reduced electricity use for lighting but that more was used for air conditioning in the summer and heating in the fall than was saved .
Question :
Why was the study done ?
Answer : Conventional wisdom and the rationale for daylight saving time has been as an energy saving policy .
The point of the study was to actually evaluate whether it does in fact save energy because there has been surprisingly little research that has looked into that question .
What were the results ?
We found based on the natural experiment in Indiana that contrary to the conventional wisdom , daylight saving time ... decreases consumption for artificial illumination but increases consumption for heating and cooling .
The magnitude of our estimate ( for increased usage ) ranged between 1 % and 4 % .
In the study , what was the cost of daylight saving time ?
The change in costs to Indiana residents in terms of increased electricity demand ... is just over $ 3 per household per year .
Over the whole population , that comes out to $ 8.6 million a year .
Another element ... is the social ( and economic ) cost of pollution emissions .
Having to generate more energy for electricity means there is going to be more pollution .
We estimate those costs are between $ 1.6 million and $ 5.3 million per year in increased pollution costs .
Do the results apply to the whole nation ?
Based on places that have similar sunrise and sunset times and climate of Indiana , the same results might apply .
But while this is the effect in Indiana , and we suspect that it is in a lot of other places ... there may be places where daylight saving time actually does save energy .
We 're currently working on further research to try to come up with estimates for the nation as a whole .
How was the study conducted ?
For several decades , only some counties in Indiana had practiced daylight saving time and a majority had not .
Then in 2006 , they all turned it on .
We got residential electricity billing statements for over 250,000 households , some in the counties that experienced the policy for the first time and some in the counties that did n't have a change in policy .
In the end , we simply compared the difference between before and after between the two groups , which enabled us to isolate the effect of daylight saving time .
What does the study mean for using daylight saving time ?
The immediate thing ... is whether or not we should be continuing to use the energy argument as the reason for why we do daylight saving time .
There are other reasons we might want daylight saving time ... like increased leisure activities .
Some people argue it is better for health and it actually stimulates economic growth .
Those are other things that we should want to account for and be part of the discussion .
If we decide that energy is what we care about , we may want to ask what is the best time for having daylight saving time .
Maybe the dates we have are not optimal for reducing energy consumption .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
The main conclusion of this note is that $ 120 oil would have profound negative effects on the world economy and global financial markets .
...
Such oil prices would almost certainly precipitate a global recession .
The scenario is not identical to the present situation , Wescott ’s terrorism induced $ 120 involves a rapid spike upwards however the analysis is based on the $ 120 price being sustained for a year .
This long term high price is similar to today ’s situation .
The most interesting chart from the report shows world oil expenditure as a percentage of world GDP :
Wescott points out that historically this metric has been in the range of 1 - 3 % and recessions have occurred when the expenditure exceeded 4 % .
$ 120 represents approximately 8 % of world GDP , higher than at any time in modern history .
Two studies are cited : The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) suggesting a $ 5 increase cuts world GDP by 0.3 % so it follows that the $ 60 to $ 120 doubling would reduce world GDP by 3.6 % and the US Federal Reserve estimates that a $ 20 increase reduces GDP by 0.75 % , which would result in a loss of 2.3 % from the increase to $ 120 .
With world GDP growth averaging 3.5 % over the last 30 years we are clearly in the ball park of a global recession due to oil price , before even considering today ’s other difficulties in the credit and housing markets .
Wescott associated $ 120 oil with $ 5 a gallon gasoline in the US and $ 8 - 9 a gallon in Europe .
In April 2008 the average price of a US gallon of regular petrol in the UK was $ 7.98 ( April '08 national average 108.1p / litre and assuming £ 1 = $ 1.95 ) .
In the US a gallon is $ 3.61 ( EIA ) .
How has he managed to be right on one count but off when it comes to the US ?
Current retail prices lag the oil price by several weeks and with low taxation the US price is more sensitive to changes in the oil price .
Prolonged $ 120 oil is certain to increase today ’s US price by a larger proportion than the European price .
Wescott forecast that inflation would rise from 2 - 3 % to 6 - 8 % and that interest rates would increase to combat this pressure .
It was noted that as growth slows the reverse decision may be taken to ease credit conditions .
We seem to have skipped the first stage of increased interest rates and moved straight to cuts , in an attempt to break the “ credit crunch ” .
Whilst a radical claim two years ago $ 120 now seems conservative .
This week we have two new forecasts ; in a major departure from previous downward predictions Daniel Yergin of CERA is now suggesting $ 150 this year and Goldman Sachs are talking about $ 200 within the next six - months to two years .
In conclusion , Wescott ’s paper makes some interesting observations and we seem to be on the trajectory he identified .
However three things are tempering reality against the scenario presented :
the value of the dollar has decreased somewhat so today ’s $ 120 is not as high in comparable terms as Wescott ’s
the rise from $ 60 to $ 120 has been a steady climb rather than the abrupt terrorism induced shock and
we are yet to experience the full year of $ 120 that the report assumes .
The core prediction is one of global recession , history suggest that and whilst the Wall Street Journal article did n’t use the 'r ' world this paragraph requires little further analysis :
Keke Palmer & August Alsina Get Into It On Twitter — And She Says She Has ' Screenshots ' To Post
They say , do they not , that citizen journalism is almost always sloppy .
Bully bloggers , full of received opinion do the cause no good , it ’s true .
But when Monica Grenfell opened her mouth , in Rupert Murdoch ’s Daily Mail , she proved beyond a shadow of doubt , that traditional print journalists are a dying breed .
The very fact she has a job with a major publication is a miracle to me .
Showing absolutely no sign of understanding the real issue , which has made Miss Marshall the cause célèbre to people who are sick and tired of being branded lazy or just flat out weird for having a normal body .
Monica Grenfell lives in a place where the definition of the word normal , bears absolutely no relationship to the one given to it by people in the real world .
In the real world , stick thin supermodels mean as much to people as soap scum on the bathroom tiles .
It ’s annoying that it always comes back after scrubbing it off , but life goes on .
Grenfell , however , takes soap scum ’s existence to mean that it is somehow important .
That its tenacious presence is proof positive that it must therefore have some worth .
The hypocrisy of it is blood boiling stuff , right up there with religious bigotry and racism .
They ’ll plaster heavily photoshopped pictures of a nobody on the front page , claiming that this image of an ugly on the inside slag represents beauty .
Then on the next page they show a completely un-photoshopped , badly lit exposure of someone like Chloe Marshall and brand her a freak because she likes regular meals .
Chloe Marshall is beautiful precisely because she is normal , which is exactly what “ they ” do n’t like about her .
Normal does n’t sell newspapers .
Normal is n’t sexy .
Normal is for normal people and who would want to appeal to those grotty little Northerners ?
For it to sell it has to be on the extremes .
You ca n’t be a movie star that enjoys a spliff now and then , you have to be greedily addicted to coke .
You ca n’t be a full figured women , you have to be either morbidly obese , so they can point and laugh at you , or so terrified of becoming unhealthily overweight , that you vanish when viewed side - on .
The sad fact is , Monica Grenfell has a job because people spend millions every year on the sorts of publications her and her kind bring to being .
The supermarket check - out shelves are full of Helvetica headlines ; bold magenta promises for the inside scoop on people who do n’t really exist .
Wedding snaps of that busty moron who lost “ Big Brother ” .
Some guy who posted a video of himself in bed with that blonde who cried about being made to eat worms on “ Celebrity Love Island House Renovations on Ice ”
Nothing I say or do is going to stop the relentless onslaught from the Rupert Murdoch ’s of this world , who assign their own standards to everyone else and market it to the masses as a real choice .
Choice is an illusion .
The only way to genuinely choose anything , is to compare both sides of an argument and take away from it what makes sense to you ; what feels right to you personally .
I think , on that note , a cursory look around the blog - o - sphere shows exactly what ordinary people are saying about the twisted world of Monica Grenfell , RIP .
Harpers Magazine
The Spitzer Sex Sting : A Few More Questions
by Scott Horton
It looks like the Bush Justice Department just bagged themselves another Democratic Governor .
Here ’s the New York Times on the story :
Gov. Eliot Spitzer , who gained national prominence relentlessly pursuing Wall Street wrongdoing , has been caught on a federal wiretap arranging to meet with a high - priced prostitute at a Washington hotel last month , according to a law enforcement official and a person briefed on the investigation .
The wiretap captured a man identified as Client 9 on a telephone call confirming plans to have a woman travel from New York to Washington , where he had reserved a hotel room , according to an affidavit filed in federal court in Manhattan .
The person briefed on the case and the law enforcement official identified Mr. Spitzer as Client 9 .
Mr. Spitzer , a first term Democrat , today made a brief public appearance during which he apologized for his behavior , and described it as a “ private matter . ” 
He did not address his political future .
“ I have acted in a way that violates my obligation to my family and violates my or any sense of right or wrong , ”  said Mr. Spitzer , who appeared with his wife Silda at his Manhattan office .
“ I apologize first and most importantly to my family .
I apologize to the public to whom I promised better . ” 
On the other hand , ABC News this evening offers a starkly different account of how the investigation got launched .
According to ABC , the whole investigation of the prostitution ring itself was triggered by an investigation of Spitzer .
The federal investigation of a New York prostitution ring was triggered by Gov. Eliot Spitzer ’s suspicious money transfers , initially leading agents to believe Spitzer was hiding bribes , according to federal officials .
It was only months later that the IRS and the FBI determined that Spitzer was n’t hiding bribes but payments to a company called QAT , what prosecutors say is a prostitution operation operating under the name of the Emperors Club . “¦
The suspicious financial activity was initially reported by a bank to the IRS which , under direction from the Justice Department , brought in the FBI ’s Public Corruption Squad .
“ We had no interest at all in the prostitution ring until the thing with Spitzer led us to learn about it , ”  said one Justice Department official .
Fox News reported earlier in the day that Spitzer would resign at his press conference .
He did not .
In any event , however , Spitzer ” ” who was previously viewed as a rising star in the Democratic Party ” ” is now damaged goods .
Many had expected him to consolidate power in Albany , inching the Democrats towards control of the State Senate , and to rule as a powerful governor .
He may or may not survive the initial shock waves of the scandal , but certainly no one now expects him to be a powerful force in the statehouse .
The Times notes in its story that Spitzer once prosecuted a prostitution ring :
In one such case in 2004 , Mr. Spitzer spoke with revulsion and anger after announcing the arrest of 16 people for operating a high - end prostitution ring out of Staten Island .
“ This was a sophisticated and lucrative operation with a multitiered management structure , ”  Mr. Spitzer said at the time .
“ It was , however , nothing more than a prostitution ring . ” 
These facts are likely to dominate the punditry ’s discussion of the issue .
Spitzer will be labeled a hypocrite ( a charge he can hardly refute ) .
However , there is a second tier of questions that needs to be examined with respect to the Spitzer case .
They go to prosecutorial motivation and direction .
Note that this prosecution was managed with staffers from the Public Integrity Section at the Department of Justice .
This section is now at the center of a major scandal concerning politically directed prosecutions .
During the Bush Administration , his Justice Department has opened 5.6 cases against Democrats for every one involving a Republican .
Beyond this , a number of the cases seem to have been tied closely to election cycles .
Indeed , a study of the cases out of Alabama shows clearly that even cases opened against Republicans are in fact only part of a broader pattern of going after Democrats .
So here are the rather amazing facts that surface in the Spitzer case :
(1) The prosecutors handling the case came from the Public Integrity Section .
(2) The prosecution is opened under the White - Slave Traffic Act of 1910 .
You read that correctly .
The statute itself is highly disreputable , and most of the high - profile cases brought under it were politically motivated and grossly abusive .
Here are a few :
Heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson was the first man prosecuted under the act — for having an affair with Lucille Cameron , whom he later married .
The prosecution was manifestly an effort “ to get ” 
Johnson , who at the time was the most famous African - American .
( All of this is developed well in Ken Burns ’s film “ Unforgiveable Blackness ”  ) .
University of Chicago sociologist William I. Thomas was prosecuted for having an affair with an officer ’s wife in France .
Thomas was targeted because of his Bohemian social and his radical political views .
In 1944 Charles Chaplin was prosecuted for having an affair with actress Joan Barry .
The prosecution again provided cover for a politically motivated effort to drive Chaplin out of the country .
Canadian author Elizabeth Smart was arrested and charged in 1940 while crossing the border with the British poet George Barker .
(3) The resources dedicated to the case in terms of prosecutors and investigators are extraordinary .
(4) How the investigation got started .
The Justice Department has yet to give a full account of why they were looking into Spitzer ’s payments , and indeed the suggestion in the ABC account is that it did n’t have anything to do with a prostitution ring .
The suggestion that this was driven by an IRS inquiry and involved a bank might heighten , rather than allay , concerns of a politically motivated prosecution .
All of these facts are consistent with a process which is not the investigation of a crime , but rather an attempt to target and build a case against an individual .
The answer of the Justice Department to all this is likely to be : Trust us .
But in the current environment , the reservoir of trust is tapped .
The Justice Department needs to submit to some questions about how this probe got launched , who launched it , and to what extent political appointees were involved in its direction .
This has nothing to do with Spitzer ’s guilt or innocence .
But it has everything to do with the fading integrity of the Public Integrity Section .
( Source )
( China Daily - Xinhua )
Updated : 2008-04-10 06:55
Retailers may be fined up to 10,000 yuan ( $ 1,430 ) for providing free plastic bags to shoppers , the Ministry of Commerce has proposed .
The penalty will take effect from June 1 , according to a draft regulation published on the ministry 's website to solicit public opinion till April 14 .
The move follows a ban announced in January on the manufacture , sale and use of ultra - thin plastic bags ( defined as less than 0.025 mm thick ) from June 1 as part of efforts to protect the environment and save energy .
The draft regulation says retailers can set the price for plastic bags , but not below cost .
They also have to include the price of the bags on customer receipts , or face fines of up to 5,000 yuan .
The regulation does not apply to plastic packaging for frozen or cooked food .
Meanwhile , retailers have to allow customers to carry their own bags or baskets ; and are encouraged to provide eco-friendly substitutes .
Retailers believe the regulation will help reduce the use of plastic bags .
" We have been encouraging customers to bring bags , and we think most of them will choose to do so when we stop providing free bags , " said Li Li , head cashier at a Beijing WuMart supermarket .
Most customers interviewed by China Daily at the supermarket welcomed the ban .
" I will bring a large fabric bag , and I do n't think it will cause any inconvenience .
It is a good policy to protect our environment , " said a retired worker surnamed Wang .
A BB reader says : " FBI tries to convince man to infiltrate vegan potluck events to look for terrorists in Minneapolis / St. Paul , site for the 2008 Republican National Committee Convention this summer . "
[ University of Minnesota sophomore Paul ] Carroll , who requested that his real name not be used , showed up early and waited anxiously for [ U of M Police Sgt. Erik ] Swanson 's arrival .
Ten minutes later , he says , a casually dressed Swanson showed up , flanked by a woman whom he introduced as FBI Special Agent Maureen E. Mazzola .
For the next 20 minutes , Mazzola would do most of the talking .
" She told me that I had the perfect ' look , ' " recalls Carroll .
" And that I had the perfect personality –they kept saying I was friendly and personable –for what they were looking for . "
What they were looking for , Carroll says , was an informant–someone to show up at " vegan potlucks " throughout the Twin Cities and rub shoulders with RNC protestors , schmoozing his way into their inner circles , then reporting back to the FBI 's Joint Terrorism Task Force , a partnership between multiple federal agencies and state and local law enforcement .
The effort 's primary mission , according to the Minneapolis division 's website , is to " investigate terrorist acts carried out by groups or organizations which fall within the definition of terrorist groups as set forth in the current United States Attorney General Guidelines . "
Carroll would be compensated for his efforts , but only if his involvement yielded an arrest .
No exact dollar figure was offered .
" I 'll pass , " said Carroll .
" Brittany is almost 19 years old now and I think it 's unfair to put her father in jail , " said Shana Roach .
" She 's an adult now , and it 's not right to rip an innocent man from his home . "
Jenny Drapkin is the Senior Editor of mental_floss magazine .
For the next week , we 'll be serializing " All The Presidents ' Secrets , " her fantastic feature from the September - October 2007 issue .
Make her feel welcome .
President Theodore Roosevelt not only practiced judo in the White House , he also became America 's first brown belt .
It was an accomplishment in the combined history of world leaders and martial arts not surpassed until a century later , when Russian president Vladimir Putin advanced to the level of sixth - degree black belt .
( Putin 's known for his vicious sweeping hip throw , by the way . )
Of course , Roosevelt was n't exactly shy about his hobby .
He lined the White House basement with training mats , and he practiced with anyone who was willing to tussle — including his wife and sister - in - law .
Once , he even brightened a boring state luncheon by throwing the Swiss minister to the floor and demonstrating a judo hold , to the delight of his guests .
Was this typical behavior from the 26th president ?
Absolutely .
Teddy loved a good fight , both literally and metaphorically .
Just as he was n't afraid to spar with boxing champion John L. Sullivan in the White House gym , he was n't scared to take on big business in America , either .
Though a capitalist at heart , Roosevelt believed the trusts being formed by a few powerful banks ( notably J.P. Morgan 's First National City Bank ) were hurting American competition .
To fight back , he enforced the Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890 , thereby sticking it to giant corporations like Standard Oil , the American Tobacco Company , and DuPont .
Although he did n't intend to become " the Trustbuster , "  Roosevelt did see the need to protect business from its own excesses .
He passed the first workers ' compensation bill to cover federal employees and pushed for more stringent child labor laws .
Those measures made him enormously popular with the American public , and that image was only bolstered after he went hunting in Mississippi and refused to shoot a black bear cub .
The story became so beloved that stuffed bears were soon named after him .
[ Image courtesy of the Library of Congress . ]
Roosevelt 's presidency was n't all fluff , though .
When it came to foreign policy , Teddy followed the proverb , " Speak softly and carry a big stick . " 
After the United States won the Spanish - American War in 1898 , former Spanish colonies Cuba , Puerto Rico , the Philippines , and Guam were up for grabs .
The United States had a choice : gobble them up , or promote independence and self - determination .
Roosevelt opted for the former , feeling that it was the white man 's burden to bring order to these lands .
The new " colonies "  felt betrayed , having fought with the United States against Spain only to be annexed by their former ally .
The Philippines fired back , launching a guerrilla war for independence .
In one of the uglier episodes in American history , Roosevelt authorized U.S. troops to pacify the rebellion .
Soldiers burned down villages and herded natives into detainment camps .
In the United States , opposition to the conflict quickly sprang up in the form of the Anti-Imperialist League , led in part by Mark Twain and Andrew Carnegie .
Then , in 1902 , Roosevelt declared the war over , but the issue was n't really resolved until the Philippine Islands gained independence in 1946 .
Teddy definitely could 've spoken softer in that situation , but he still accomplished a great many things by daring to carry a big stick .
He led the construction of the Panama Canal , thus forming a strategic shortcut between the Atlantic and the Pacific , and he even won a Nobel Peace Prize in 1906 for mediating an end to the Russo - Japanese War .
Tomorrow : The 9 Lives of Andrew Jackson .
To receive a paper copy of stuff like this on a bi-monthly basis , consider subscribing to our magazine .
With just four years to go , organisers of London ’s 2012 Olympics say that plans are well on course to deliver the humiliating opening day debacle that is expected of them .
‘ We ’re all too aware that the eyes of the world will be upon us , but we ’re confident that we can provide the monumentally spectacular cock - up that the the nation , indeed the world , expects from us , ’ said Tobias Graham , joint vice deputy head of the Chaos Management co-ordinating subcommittee .
‘ We only have one chance to get this wrong , and with that in mind we ’re already working round the clock to eliminate any possibility whatsoever of the opening ceremony passing without a hitch . ’
Mr Graham refused to be drawn on the exact nature of the jaw - droppingly basic errors currently being proposed , but planners are believed to be considering a number of options , such as forgetting to fit the main Olympic Stadium with doors , building the entire swimming arena upside down at a secret location in Canada , or releasing eight al - Qaeda terrorists from prison so that they can join Jade Goody in lighting the Olympic torch .
There are also believed to be contingency plans to ensure that the national anthems of bitter enemies such as Israel and Iran are ‘ accidentally ’ swapped during the opening parade .
‘ I ’m delighted to report that the construction of the velodrome is already six years behind schedule , ’ boasted Mr Graham standing under the Olympic logo showing six interlocking rings , ‘ while the combined small - bore rifle and show - jumping arena has been completed ahead of time and saw its first fatality in trials only last week .
Obviously , new standards of monumentally hopeless performance are being set all the time , but we are quietly confident of getting the metaphorical gold medal for incompetence .
Although we ’re not actually doing medals this time , it ’ll just be certificates . ’
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - A Palestinian gunman killed eight people in a Jewish religious college in Jerusalem on Thursday , most of them students , and wounded about 10 others in the most lethal attack in Israel in two years .
The attacker was shot dead by an off - duty Israeli soldier .
“ It was a slaughterhouse , ” said Yehuda Meshi - Zahav , head of the Zaka emergency service , after surveying the scene following five minutes of bloodshed at the Merkaz Harav seminary , one of the most prominent Jewish educational centers in the holy city .
Jerusalem police chief Aharon Franco said the lone gunman was killed by an off - duty army officer who lives nearby and ran to the school after hearing gunfire .
A city official said the assailant carried documents identifying him as a resident of Arab East Jerusalem .
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack , but it was greeted with celebrations in the Gaza Strip , where an Israeli offensive in recent days killed more than 120 Palestinians , about half of whom were identified as civilians .
Outside the seminary , young Orthodox Jews in traditional black costume chanted periodically “ Death to Arabs ! ”
Shortly before the shooting , Egyptian officials ended inconclusive talks with leaders of Gaza ’s ruling Hamas Islamist movement , part of a U.S. - backed push for a truce between Gaza militants and Israel to halt a surge in violence .
Earlier in the day , an Israeli soldier was killed in a bomb attack in Gaza and four Gaza militants died in an air strike .
INTERNATIONAL CONDEMNATION
The United Nations , Washington , France , Britain and Germany all condemned the school shooting in the heart of Jewish West Jerusalem and the U.N. Security Council prepared to discuss the attack at an extraordinary session late on Thursday in New York .
The United States proposed the Council condemn it as a “ terrorist attack ” -- language Arab states have resisted before .
An Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesman said “ terrorists are trying to destroy the chances of peace but we will certainly continue peace talks ” with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas .
The Palestinian leader also condemned the Jerusalem attack .
Police said the gunman walked freely into the yard of the school , a modern 5 - storey complex , shot dead a guard and then sprayed bullets from an AK - 47 rifle and a pistol at young men marking a festive period with study in a ground - floor library .
Most of the dead were in their 20s , police said .
“ He hid the weapon in a cardboard box , ” Franco said .
Emergency worker Yerach Tucker said he arrived quickly to see bloodied students run out of the seminary .
“ I went into the library and there were youngsters lying there , dead with Bibles , with holy books , in their hands , ” Tucker told reporters .
Slideshow ( 23 images )
It was the bloodiest attack in Jerusalem since 2004 and the highest Israeli death toll since April 17 , 2006 , when a suicide bomber killed 11 people during Passover in Tel Aviv .
A month ago , the first suicide bombing in a year killed one Israeli .
President George W. Bush spoke with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert to offer condolences : “ The United States stands firmly with Israel , ” Bush said in a statement .
U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon “ condemns in the strongest terms today ’s savage attack ” , a spokeswoman said .
Ban had also said this week Israel used “ excessive force ” in Gaza .
“ SHOT IN HEAD ”
Slideshow ( 23 images )
Yitzhak Dadon , the soldier who told reporters he shot the gunman , said the attacker wore torn jeans : “ I saw the gunman and he fired a long burst in the air .
But then he disappeared . ”
“ I saw him again when he approached the door of the library .
I shot him twice in the head .
He started to sway and then someone else with a rifle fired at him , and he died , ” he said .
In the Gaza Strip , gunmen fired in the air to celebrate the attack , three days after Israel ended a ground offensive it said was aimed at curbing rocket fire .
Hamas official Sami Abu Zuhri said the group “ blesses the heroic operation in Jerusalem , which was a natural reaction to the Zionist massacre ” .
A loudspeaker blared the message : “ This is God ’s vengeance . ”
Earlier , after meeting Egyptian officials , leaders of Hamas and its ally Islamic Jihad said they would study ceasefire proposals from Cairo but were non-committal .
Abu Zuhri said the onus was on Israel to first make a commitment to stop “ all forms of aggression ” and end its blockade of the coastal enclave .
An end to rocket attacks on Israel and suspension of Israeli raids into the Hamas - run territory would make it easier for Abbas to continue to negotiate peace with the Jewish state .
Abbas , an enemy of Hamas , suspended talks with Israel in protest of bloodshed in Gaza but has indicated he will return .
Israel tightened an embargo on Gaza after Hamas seized the territory from Abbas ’s forces in June .
The U.N. ’s top human rights body passed a resolution on Thursday condemning Israel .
Aid groups said in a report that Israel ’s blockade had created the worst humanitarian crisis in the Gaza Strip since Israel captured it in 1967 .
It pulled out troops in 2005 .
This is a list of useful movie websites to help guide you to the best film content on the web .
Back in August 2006
I created a list of what I thought were the 10 most useful movie websites but I felt a fresher and more comprehensive one was needed ( which is why it is the 2.0 version ) .
So , the following is a collection of sites related to the world of film broken down into these categories : essential sites , news , blogs , critics , DVDs and podcasts .
If you look on the sidebar to the right you ’ll see links to a lot of these sites but I thought I ’d expand it and explain why they are worth bookmarking .
Part of the aim here is also to spread the word about quality film sites , so if you want to post this to Digg or another social news site then just use the buttons at the bottom of this post .
I ’m sure there are more links out there worthy of inclusion in a future list , so if you have any suggestions email me or leave a comment below .
ESSENTIALS
These are sites that I would consider essential bookmarks .
They range from some of the most popular film sites on the web to the more obscure , but all are useful at helping you find the movie information you want .
NEWS
The following section is a little broad but it centres on more general sites that cover the world of film .
Some are established news organisations whilst others are purely online , but all are useful sources of information on the latest film stories .
BLOGS
Blogs have grown rapidly in the last four years , allowing professional journalists and keen movie lovers to publish their thoughts online in a structured format .
Some of these belong to established news organisations , others are independent – but all are worth reading if you want regular doses of movie opinion and insight .
CRITICS
The role of the film critic is one that has come under some scrutiny in recent times with many getting laid off and some questioning their role in an age of blogs and sites like Rotten Tomatoes .
What follows here are the film critics whose opinion and insight is valuable to anyone who cares about the medium .
DVD
For those interested in finding films on DVD and what the latest releases are like then I would suggest the following .
PODCASTS
A number of fine film related podcasts are now available for free and you can subscribe to them via iTunes , RSS feed or via direct MP3 download .
Here are my pick of the best :
So that wraps this list up .
As I said before , if you have any good sites worthy of inclusion then leave them in the comments below or email me .
UPDATE : Jim Emerson ’s Scanners blog has now been included ( an oversight by me but thanks to Denis at SLIFR for reminding me ! )
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Email
Print
Netflix , which pioneered the business of offering DVD movie rentals by mail , is now offering its 8.2 million subscribers an option to watch movies easily on their televisions without involving the post office .
Working with a small Silicon Valley company , Netflix will begin marketing a $ 99 device on Tuesday that will allow customers to play thousands of movies and shows on their televisions instantly , for no charge beyond their normal subscription fee .
The size of a paperback book , the set - top box is made by Roku , a Saratoga , Calif. , start - up known for its Internet music players .
Netflix , based in nearby Los Gatos , owns a small stake in the company .
The device ’s $ 99 price  less than half of the cost of an Apple TV  will most likely jolt the emerging market for equipment that brings Internet video to TVs .
“ For the government to print money at the expense of taxpayers as opposed to requiring or going about a receivership and wind - down of any insolvent institutions should be troubling to taxpayers and regulators alike , ” said Josh Rosner , an analyst at Graham Fisher & Company and an expert on mortgage securities .
“ The Fed has now crossed the line in a very clear way on ‘ moral hazard , ’ because they have opened the door to the view that they are required to save almost any institution through non-recourse loans — except the government does n’t have the money and it destroys the U.S. ’s reputation as the broadest , deepest , most transparent and properly regulated capital market in the world . ”
there 's a conundrum .
If the government guarantees or buys debt from the bank , it makes the equity holders better off .
If it buys equity and dilutes existing shareholders , it makes debt holders better off .
Mr. Scholes 's solution :
Let government invest both in debt senior to existing debt and in preferred stock senior to existing shares .
Neither is advantaged versus the other .
The bank does n't dump assets and expands lending .
If all goes well , the government gets out with a profit .
the Fed action is like spraying foam on the runways -- the plane is still going to crash and not fly again , but the people on board will hopefully walk away with just bruises .
Or in english , having Bear collapse in a day would have led to problems with people who rely on them for clearing trades .
The Fed action wo n't save Bear but will avoid fallout that disrupts markets by even more .
To help facilitate the deal , the Federal Reserve is taking the extraordinary step of providing as much as $ 30 billion in financing for Bear Stearns 's less - liquid assets , such as mortgage securities that the firm has been unable to sell , in what is believed to be the largest Fed advance on record to a single company .
Fed officials would n't describe the exact financing terms or assets involved .
But if those assets decline in value , the Fed would bear any loss , not J.P. Morgan .
I do n't know enough about the details of what has been going on at Bear Stearns to have a firm opinion about the latest Fed actions .
But as I am an advocate of free markets and limited government , my knee - jerk reaction is to be deeply disturbed whenever the government comes to the aid of reckless rich guys .
So this quotation from today 's paper resonated with me :
The key is to find some way to accomplish the Fed 's goal of reducing financial contagion without risking taxpayer money to help some of the least needy members of society -- an action that sacrifices both the goal of efficiency ( via moral hazard ) and the goal of equality .
A few days ago , the Wall Street Journal reported a suggestion from economist Myron Scholes about structuring bailouts of financial institutions :
Here is another off - the - wall idea that someone proposed to me :
Why not make senior management personally guarantee the loans made in any such bailout ?
( I presume they have significant assets beyond their equity stake in the firm . )
Given the sums involved , that wo n't offer the taxpayer a lot of protection .
But at least it will make some of the guys responsible for the mess squirm just a little bit more .
Update : A reader more knowledgable than I am tells me :
This analysis is turning out to be right :
The WSJ now reports that JP Morgan will buy Bear Stearns for $ 2 a share , compared with $ 30 at Friday 's close and about $ 100 a few months ago .
This paragraph from the WSJ story , however , is worrisome : Someone ( I forget who ) recently called the Fed " the pawnbroker of last resort . "
Wahhabi
This branch of Islam is often referred to as " Wahhabi , " a term that many adherents to this tradition do not use .
Members of this form of Islam call themselves Muwahhidun ( " Unitarians " , or " unifiers of Islamic practice " ) .
They use the Salafi Da'wa or Ahlul Sunna wal Jama'a .
The teachings of the reformer Abd Al - Wahhab are more often referred to by adherents as Salafi , that is , " following the forefathers of Islam . "
The basic text of this form of Islam is the Kitab at - tawhid ( Arabic , " Book of Unity " ) .
Central to Muhammad ibn Abd al Wahhab 's message was the essential oneness of God ( tawhid ) .
The movement is therefore known by its adherents as ad dawa lil tawhid ( the call to unity ) , and those who follow the call are known as ahl at tawhid ( the people of unity ) or muwahhidun ( unitarians ) .
The word Wahhabi was originally used derogatorily by opponents , but has today become commonplace and is even used by some Najdi scholars of the movement .
Most Wahhabi people live in Saudi Arabia .
Almost all people in Mecca and Medina belong to this school .
The Caliphate was brought into being by the implementation of Islam for about three decades .
They called this shortlived experiment Khilafat Rashidah , the rightly - guided Caliphate , implying thereby that the rulers that followed were misguided .
Fundamentalists seek the restoration of the Islamic State i.e. the Khilafah , and by electing a Khaleefah and taking a bay 'ah on him that he will rule by the Word of Allah ( Subhaanahu Wa Ta'Ala ) i.e. he will implement Islamic laws in the country where the Khilafah has been established .
Wahhabism [ Wahabism ] is a reform movement that began 200 years ago to rid Islamic societies of cultural practices and interpretation that had been acquired over the centuries .
The followers of Abdul Wahab ( 1703 - 1792 ) began as a movement to cleanse the Arab bedouin from the influence of Sufism .
Wahhabis are the followers of Ibn ' Abd ul - Wahhab , who instituted a great reform in the religion of Islam in Arabia in the 18th century .
Mahommed ibn ' Abd ul - Wahhab was born in 1691 ( or 1703 ) at al - Hauta of the Nejd in central Arabia , and was of the tribe of the Bani Tamim .
He studied literature and jurisprudence of the Hanifite school .
After making the pilgrimage with his father , he spent some further time in the study of law at Medina , and resided for a while at Isfahan , whence he returned to the Nejd to undertake the work of a teacher .
Aroused by his studies and his observation of the luxury in dress and habits , the superstitious pilgrimages to shrines , the use of omens and the worship given to Mahomet and Mahommedan saints rather than to God , he began a mission to proclaim the simplicity of the early religion founded on the Koran and Sunna ( i.e. the manner of life of Mahomet ) .
The practical doctrine of the Muslim reformer � that tho persons and goods of all unbelievers were the divinely - appointed lawful spoil of the faithful , and that all who had lapsed from the primitive purity of the faith �Sunnis , or Sbiaahs , and lb ad iy ah alike , all , in fact , except true Wahhabis �were worse than infidels , and were to be slaughtered , enslaved , and plundered as a religious duty � this teaching found willing disciples .
To understand the significance of Muhammad ibn Abd al Wahhab 's ideas , they must be considered in the context of Islamic practice .
There was a difference between the established rituals clearly defined in religious texts that all Muslims perform and popular Islam .
The latter refers to local practice that is not universal .
The Shia practice of visiting shrines is an example of a popular practice .
The Shia continued to revere the Imams even after their death and so visited their graves to ask favors of the Imams buried there .
Over time , Shia scholars rationalized the practice and it became established .
Some of the Arabian tribes came to attribute the same sort of power that the Shia recognized in the tomb of an Imam to natural objects such as trees and rocks .
Muhammad ibn
Abd al Wahhab was concerned with the way the people of Najd engaged in practices he considered polytheistic , such as praying to saints ; making pilgrimages to tombs and special mosques ; venerating trees , caves , and stones ; and using votive and sacrificial offerings .
He was also concerned by what he viewed as a laxity in adhering to Islamic law and in performing religious devotions , such as indifference to the plight of widows and orphans , adultery , lack of attention to obligatory prayers , and failure to allocate shares of inheritance fairly to women .
When Muhammad ibn Abd al Wahhab began to preach against these breaches of Islamic laws , he characterized customary practices as jahiliya , the same term used to describe the ignorance of Arabians before the Prophet .
Muhammad ibn
Abd al Wahhab focused on the Muslim principle that there is only one God , and that God does not share his power with anyone -- not Imams , and certainly not trees or rocks .
From this unitarian principle , his students began to refer to themselves as muwahhidun ( unitarians ) .
Their detractors referred to them as " Wahhabis " -- or " followers of Muhammad ibn Abd al Wahhab , " which had a pejorative connotation .
The idea of a unitary god was not new .
Muhammad ibn Abd al Wahhab , however , attached political importance to it .
He directed his attack against the Shia .
Muhammad ibn Abd al Wahhab 's emphasis on the oneness of God was asserted in contradistinction to shirk , or polytheism , defined as the act of associating any person or object with powers that should be attributed only to God .
He condemned specific acts that he viewed as leading to shirk , such as votive offerings , praying at saints ' tombs and at graves , and any prayer ritual in which the suppliant appeals to a third party for intercession with God .
Particularly objectionable were certain religious festivals , including celebrations of the Prophet 's birthday , Shia mourning ceremonies , and Sufi mysticism .
Consequently , the Wahhabis forbid grave markers or tombs in burial sites and the building of any shrines that could become a locus of shirk .
His instructions in the matter of extending his religious teaching by force were strict .
All unbelievers ( i.e. Moslems who did not accept his teaching , as well as Christians , & c. ) were to be put to death .
Immediate entrance into Paradise was promised to his soldiers who fell in battle , and it is said that each soldier was provided with a written order from Ibn ' Abd ul - Wahhab to the gate - keeper of heaven to admit him forthwith .
In this way the new teaching was established in the greater part of Arabia until its power was broken by Mehemet Ali .
Ibn 'Abd ul - Wahhab is said to have died in 1791 .
The teaching of ul - Wahhab was founded on that of Ibn Taimiyya ( 1263-1328 ) , who was of the school of Ahmad ibn Hanbal .
Copies of some of Ibn Taimiyya 's works made by ul - Wahhab are now extant in Europe , and show a close study of the writer .
Ibn Taimiyya , although a Hanbalite by training , refused to be bound by any of the four schools , and claimed the power of a mujtahid , i.e. of one who can give independent decisions .
These decisions were based on the Koran , which , like Ibn Hazm , he accepted in a literal sense , on the Sunna and Qiyds ( analogy ) .
He protested strongly against all the innovations of later times , and denounced as idolatry the visiting of the sacred shrines and the invocation of the saints or of Mahomet himself .
He was also a bitter opponent of the Sufis of his day .
The Wahhabites also believe in the literal sense of the Koran and the necessity of deducing one 's duty from it apart from the decisions of the four schools .
They also pointed to the abuses current in their times as a reason for rejecting the doctrines and practices founded on Ijma , i.e. the universal consent of the believer or their teachers .
They forbid the pilgrimage to tombs and the invocation of saints .
The severe simplicity of the Wahhabis has been remarked by travellers in central Arabia .
They attack all luxury , loose administration of justice , all laxity against infidels , addiction to wine , impurity and treachery .
Muhammad ibn
Abd al Wahhab 's mission in his own district was not attended by success , and for long he wandered with his family through Arabia .
Realizing that he needed political support and authority to effectively reverse the status quo , Ibn Abdul - Wahhab presented his program of reform to the governors of the central Arabian city - states .
He began by approaching Othman ibn Mu'amar , the governor of Uyayna , his home state .
Ibn Mu'amar was receptive to Abdul - Wahhab 's ideas and allowed him to preach within the city .
As word of the movement spread , however , strong pressure to silence Ibn Abdul - Wahhab came from powerful tribes in the region who viewed change as a threat to their decadent lifestyle .
Fearing invasion , Othman ibn Mu'amar felt compelled to ask the reformer to leave Uyayna .
At last he settled in Dara 'iyya , or Deraiya ( in the Nejd ) , where he succeeded in converting the greatest notable , Mahommed ibn Sa'ud , who married his daugther , and so became the founder of an hereditary Wahhabite dynasty .
This gave the missionary the opportunity of following the example of Mahomet himself .
This association between the Al Saud and the Al ash Shaykh , as Muhammad ibn Abd al Wahhab and his descendants came to be known , effectively converted political loyalty into a religious obligation .
According to Muhammad ibn Abd al Wahhab 's teachings , a Muslim must present a bayah , or oath of allegiance , to a Muslim ruler during his lifetime to ensure his redemption after death .
The ruler , conversely , is owed unquestioned allegiance from his people so long as he leads the community according to the laws of God .
The whole purpose of the Muslim community is to become the living embodiment of God 's laws , and it is the responsibility of the legitimate ruler to ensure that people know God 's laws and live in conformity to them .
Under ' Abd ul - Azlz they instituted a form of Bedouin ( Bedawi ) commonwealth , insisting on the observance of law , the payment of tribute , militaiy conscription for war against the infidel , internal peace and the rigid administration of justice in courts established for the purpose .
Wahhabis consider Wahhabism to be the only true form of Islam .
They do not regard Shi'as as true Muslims are particularly hostile to Sufism .
It is clear that the claim of the Wahhabis to have returned to the earliest form of Islam is largely justified .
The difference between ul - Wahhab 's sect and others is that the Wahabis rigidly follow the same laws which the others neglect or have ceased altogether to observe .
Even orthodox doctors of Islam have confessed that in Ibn ' Abd ul - Wahhab 's writings there is nothing but what they themselves hold .
At the same time the fact that so many of his followers were rough and unthinking Bedouins has led to the over - emphasis of minor points of practice , so that they often appear to observers to be characterized chiefly by a strictness ( real or feigned ) in such matters as the prohibition of silk for dress , or the use of tobacco , or of the rosary in prayer .
Imam Muhammad bin Abdul Wahhab died in 1792 .
The Wahhabi ulama reject reinterpretation of Quran and sunna in regard to issues clearly settled by the early jurists .
By rejecting the validity of reinterpretation , Wahhabi doctrine is at odds with the Muslim reformation movement of the late nineteenth and twentieth centuries .
This movement seeks to reinterpret parts of the Quran and sunna to conform with standards set by the West , most notably standards relating to gender relations , family law , and participatory democracy .
However , ample scope for reinterpretation remains for Wahhabi jurists in areas not decided by the early jurists .
The 1920s marked the beginnings of modern Arabia .
' Abd al - ' Aziz understood the potential advantages Western technology offered ; the importation of a fleet of automobiles and , later , the building of airstrips gave him the means of reaching distant parts of his territory in a fraction of the time required previously .
He also ordered the creation of an extensive information network based on the wireless telegraph , through which he was able to extend his " eyes and ears " across the country .
However , some of his followers were less than enthusiastic , and their leader spent much time and effort explaining personally the value of the telephone in particular .
' Abd al - ' Aziz finally overcame their opposition by inviting skeptics to listen to recitations from the Qur'an being read down the phone line .
Aware that the fledgling nation would be ill - equipped to function in the 20th century without industrial modernization , ' Abd al - ' Aziz was eager to embrace technology ; however , he was no less aware that change had to be selective and gradual if it was to be accepted by the citizenry .
Arabist and historian Leslie McLoughlin pointed out that " it was the insight of Ibn Sa'ud that slow change without disabling disputes was better than speed of change with great disruption . "
Under Al Saud rule , governments , especially during the Wahhabi revival in the 1920s , have shown their capacity and readiness to enforce compliance with Islamic laws and interpretations of Islamic values on themselves and others .
The literal interpretations of what constitutes right behavior according to the Quran and hadith have given the Wahhabis the sobriquet of " Muslim Calvinists . "
To the Wahhabis , for example , performance of prayer that is punctual , ritually correct , and communally performed not only is urged but publicly required of men .
Consumption of wine is forbidden to the believer because wine is literally forbidden in the Quran .
Under the Wahhabis , however , the ban extended to all intoxicating drinks and other stimulants , including tobacco .
Modest dress is prescribed for both men and women in accordance with the Quran , but the Wahhabis specify the type of clothing that should be worn , especially by women , and forbid the wearing of silk and gold , although the latter ban has been enforced only sporadically .
Music and dancing have also been forbidden by the Wahhabis at times , as have loud laughter and demonstrative weeping , particularly at funerals .
The Wahhabi emphasis on conformity makes of external appearance and behavior a visible expression of inward faith .
Therefore , whether one conforms in dress , in prayer , or in a host of other activities becomes a public statement of whether one is a true Muslim .
Because adherence to the true faith is demonstrable in tangible ways , the Muslim community can visibly judge the quality of a person 's faith by observing that person 's actions .
In this sense , public opinion becomes a regulator of individual behavior .
Therefore , within the Wahhabi community , which is striving to be the collective embodiment of God 's laws , it is the responsibility of each Muslim to look after the behavior of his neighbor and to admonish him if he goes astray .
In the 1990s , Saudi leadership did not emphasize its identity as inheritor of the Wahhabi legacy as such , nor did the descendants of Muhammad ibn Abd al Wahhab , the Al ash Shaykh , continue to hold the highest posts in the religious bureaucracy .
Wahhabi influence in Saudi Arabia , however , remained tangible in the physical conformity in dress , in public deportment , and in public prayer .
Most significantly , the Wahhabi legacy was manifest in the social ethos that presumed government responsibility for the collective moral ordering of society , from the behavior of individuals , to institutions , to businesses , to the government itself .
King Fahd ibn
Abd al Aziz Al Saud repeatedly called for scholars to engage in ijtihad to deal with new situations confronting the modernizing kingdom .
Sure , monkey patching is great and all .
That period of disbelief , followed by increasing exasperation as the victim maintenance programmer discovers that an object is behaving differently than it ’s source code says it should , is satisfying .
But sooner or later he or she wises up and greps through the codebase , discovers where you re-opened the class in question , and the game is up .
The fact of the matter is that monkeys simply are n’t very stealthy .
They are easy to find when you know what you are looking for .
When you really want to catch a coder by surprise , a monkey does n’t cut it .
What you need is a Ninja : .
And so , today I ’m unleashing the technique of Ninja - Patching , along with a reference implementation .
Ninja - Patching is silent , untraceable , precise , unpredictable , and always deadly .
And unlike monkey patching , which usually happens at startup , Ninja - Patching happens when you least expect it .
Here ’s an example use :
require ' ninja ' Ninja.hire ( Enumerable ) do def self .
to_s " PWNED by Ninjas ! ! ! "
end
That ’s all you have to do .
A silent assassin has been hired , and will ruthlessly hunt down its target .
In this case , the target is the first object found in ObjectSpace which is a kind of Enumerable .
Which one ?
Hard to say .
Ninjas are , like I said , unpredictable .
Once the target is acquired , the Ninja will wait some random amount of time in order to throw off the trail and instill a false sense of security .
Then , without warning , the Ninja will attack !
The block given to Ninja .hire will be executed in the context of the target object .
And then it ’s all over but the crying .
Here ’s the implementation :
CODE = <<' END_CODE ' class Ninja def self.hire ( target_description , &instructions ) self.new ( target_description , instructions ) end private # target_description can be either an object which responds to +#===+ , or a # Proc which returns true or false .
def initialize ( target_description , instructions ) @target_description = if target_description.kind_of ?( Proc ) then target_description else lambda { |obj| target_description === obj} end @instructions = instructions @target = acquire_target ( @target_description ) if @target.equal ?( self ) $ stderr.puts
" Never double - cross a Ninja ! " exit elsif @target stalk ( @target ) else raise " No such object found ! " end end def acquire_target ( target_description ) ObjectSpace.each_object do |object| if target_description.call( object ) return object end end nil end def stalk ( target ) Thread.new do sleep ( rand ( 60 ) ) attack !( target ) end end def attack !( target ) target.instance_eval( &@instructions ) end end END_CODE # Using eval conceals the Ninja in the stack trace eval CODE
More On The Subject :
Sham : How the Self - Help Movement Made America Helpless
Everything Bad is Good For You
One Nation Under Therapy : How the Helping Culture Is Eroding Self - Reliance
Category : Uncategorized
While recent developments in brain - computer interface ( BCI ) technology have given humans the power to mentally control computers , nobody has used the technology in conjunction with the Second Life online virtual world -- until now .
A research team led by professor Jun'ichi Ushiba of the Keio University Biomedical Engineering Laboratory has developed a BCI system that lets the user walk an avatar through the streets of Second Life while relying solely on the power of thought .
To control the avatar on screen , the user simply thinks about moving various body parts -- the avatar walks forward when the user thinks about moving his / her own feet , and it turns right and left when the user imagines moving his / her right and left arms .
The system consists of a headpiece equipped with electrodes that monitor activity in three areas of the motor cortex ( the region of the brain involved in controlling the movement of the arms and legs ) .
An EEG machine reads and graphs the data and relays it to the BCI , where a brain wave analysis algorithm interprets the user 's imagined movements .
A keyboard emulator then converts this data into a signal and relays it to Second Life , causing the on - screen avatar to move .
In this way , the user can exercise real - time control over the avatar in the 3D virtual world without moving a muscle .
Future plans are to improve the BCI so that users can make Second Life avatars perform more complex movements and gestures .
The researchers hope the mind - controlled avatar , which was created through a joint medical engineering project involving Keio's Department of Rehabilitation Medicine and the Tsukigase Rehabilitation Center , will one day help people with serious physical impairments communicate and do business in Second Life .
( For video of the Second Life BCI , check the links on the Ushida & Tomita Laboratory news page , right above the first photo . )
[ Source : Nikkei Net ]
Parasite Perspective – New views on the city
Perched between art and architecture , form and function , the
Rucksack
House is a walk - in sculpture with its own spatial
quality .
A hovering illuminated space that looks like a cross
between temporary scaffolding and minimal sculpture .
As
mobile as a rucksack , this mini-house is intended to be an
additional room that can be suspended from the façade of
any residential building .
The cube is a light and empty space , free from connotations and open to its user 's needs .
While still being inside a private atmosphere , one has the impression of floating outside of the confines of the actual dwelling above the public space .
Folddown furnishings and a multitude of built - in openings on the inside provide extra living space with direct daylight .
Sections of the walls unfold , with the help of hidden magnets , into a desk , shelves , and a platform for reading or sleeping .
The Rucksack box is suspended from steel cables that are anchored to the roof or to the facade of the existing building .
The construction is a welded steel cage with a light birch veneered plywood interior cladding .
The outside cladding is exterior grade plywood with an absorbent resin surface punctuated by plexiglas inserts .
The Rucksack house offers a way of improving housing quality on an individual basis .
It is a direct visual sign and reactivates the idea of the self - built anarchistic tree house , but one that is more prominently placed and structurally engineered .
New space gets slung onto an existing space by a simple , clear , and understandable method .
FADE IN :
EXT .
AFGHANISTAN
ROBERT DOWNEY JR .
illustrates the usage of his new weapon to various military personnel .
ROBERT DOWNEY JR
I 'd like to thank you all for coming to see my new weapon .
As you can see , it 's a giant missile that launches smaller missiles in the air , and each small missile drops copies of In Dreams and Gothika .
It 's a truly devastating power .
TERRENCE HOWARD
It 's a good thing you came all the way out to the Middle East to show this weapon , rather than one of the many weapons testing grounds in the United States .
ROBERT DOWNEY JR
Wait .. we 're in the Middle East ?
In a Hollywood movie ?
Then that means ...
OH SHI --
SUDDENLY , a bunch of extraordinarily well - armed TERRORISTS blow all kinds of shit up and kidnap ROBERT DOWNEY JR .
GENERIC TERRORIST
I need you to build me a missile .
Tell me what supplies you need and we will get them , then leave you alone to build whatever you want .
Please do n't build anything to use against us .
He DOES .
Robert builds a 60'S ROBOT HALLOWEEN COSTUME and then beats up some terrorists using it .
Eventually he gets back to AMERICA , which instantly makes everything BETTER .
JEFF BRIDGES
Robert !
Welcome back .
As your partner and obvious eventual bad guy , I was extremely worried about you .
Tell me what you used to escape and if we can sell it .
ROBERT DOWNEY JR
Later .
First , I need a delicious , juicy , American hamburger !
Failing that , one of Burger King 's tasteless , squashed heaps of grade D meat and soggy bread will do fine .
GWYNETH PALTROW
Hi Robert .
I 'm so glad you 're back to carry the movie .
I have n't been in a decent film in about 10 years and this one is my only hope .
ROBERT DOWNEY JR
Look at who you 're talking to .
Anyway , let 's go to my press conference .
If there 's one thing comic book fans love to see on film , it 's a good press conference .
INT .
DOWNEY INDUSTRIES
REPORTER 1
Robert , is it true that your overdone portrayal of Tony Stark serves to do little more than make the parts of the movie with the titular hero boring by comparison ?
ROBERT DOWNEY JR
Absolutely not , I keep Spiderman 's trademark wisecracking even while in the suit , allowing my incessantly sarcastic character to annoy audiences for the entire duration of the film .
Next question .
REPORTER 2
Some people claim that Iron Man is just a shitty Marvel knockoff of DC 's iconic Batman .
What do you have to say to them ?
ROBERT DOWNEY JR
That 's ludicrous .
I actually AM the obnoxious douchebag character that Bruce Wayne pretends to be to throw people off .
Totally different .
( pause )
Anyway , the point of this press conference is to say that my company will no longer make weapons .
Starting immediately , all Downey Industry weapons will shoot out cute little flags that say " bang . "
INT .
ROBERT DOWNEY JR'S MANSION
ROBERT begins working on a new ROBOT HALLOWEEN COSTUME .
GWYNETH PALTROW
Robert , your stock is plummeting and your board of directors wants you out .
ROBERT DOWNEY JR
Superheroes , press conferences , and now all of the excitement of corporate takeovers and stock market fluctuations ?
This movie has everything !
GWYNETH PALTROW
Everything except a villain .
ROBERT DOWNEY JR
Oh , who would you prefer I face off against ?
The Chinese guy with the ten magical rings ?
GWYNETH PALTROW
Well no , but so far your biggest villain has been the host of Mad Money .
Does Iron Man really suck this much ?
ROBERT DOWNEY JR
What about myself ?
As a Marvel character , I have flaws , so perhaps my real villain is my crippling alcoholism .
GWYNETH PALTROW
You mean the crippling alcoholism that in no way stopped you from becoming a genius billionaire inventor and so far has manifested itself in a single scene where you hold a drink without actually drinking it ?
ROBERT DOWNEY JR
That 's the one .
Now get out of my way , I have to go to Afghanistan and fly around a bit to make it seem like this movie has an action sequence .
He DOES .
Eventually he saves some villagers from the GENERIC TERRORISTS that captured him earlier , then flies away .
Meanwhile , JEFF BRIDGES uses the pieces of ROBERT'S OLD 60'S ROBOT COSTUME to build an EXTRA HUGE 60 'S ROBOT COSTUME of his own .
GWYNETH PALTROW
Robert , I 'm pretty sure that Jeff Bridges is trying to kill you .
He said something about you pissing on his rug .
ROBERT DOWNEY JR
I see no option other than allowing this movie to degrade into a clichéd comic book confrontation between two super powerful monsters battling through the city .
ROBERT flies to DOWNY INDUSTRIES to confront JEFF BRIDGES .
JEFF BRIDGES
I am all - powerful now , Robert !
Nobody can stop me !
Not even the guy who invented the weapon I 'm using !
ROBERT DOWNEY JR
Gwyneth !
Flip the ' Kill Jeff Bridges ' switch !
GWYNETH PALTROW
I can't !
Despite being strong , smart , and capable for the duration of the film , I 've suddenly transformed into a scared little damsel in distress , incapable of even the slightest gesture that could help you !
ROBERT flies into the air , and JEFF BRIDGES chases him .
Suddenly , they fly too high and JEFF freezes , then plummets to the ground , probably landing on a house and killing the family inside .
JEFF BRIDGES
Did you just kill me with science ?
What is this shit , the Fantastic Four ?
( dies )
GWYNETH PALTROW
You did it , Robert !
The world has been saved from the dangerous weapon that you built in the first place !
TERRENCE HOWARD
And I 'm still in the movie , everyone !
ROBERT DOWNEY JR
Let 's celebrate with a drink !
Just kidding of course , alcoholism is a totally manageable disease .
END
ROBERT enters his mansion only to discover SAMUEL L. MOTHERFUCKING JACKSON .
SAMUEL L. MOTHERFUCKING
JACKSON
Hello Robert .
I 'm the director of SHIELD , I want to talk to you about the Avengers project .
It 's a superhero team consisting of Captain America , Thor , you , and a bunch of people that nobody gives a flying fuck about at all .
And sometimes Spider-man .
END FOR REALS
Tschechien Fingierte Atombombenexplosion im TV - Richterin spricht Aktionskünstler frei
Es war ein Spaß - aber ein erschreckend realistischer : Dennoch hat eine Richterin in Prag sieben tschechische Aktionskünstler freigesprochen , die eine fingierte Atombombenexplosion in eine laufende Fernsehsendung geschaltet hatten .
iDevGames is and has been the place for Mac and iOS game programmers to share ideas , knowledge , code , graphics , audio , and a helping hand to each other since it was founded by Carlos Camacho 1998 .
In addition to providing a home for a large community of developers , iDevGames also periodically runs contests to encourage new game development .
iDevGames runs the largest Mac game programming contest , uDevGames , which to - date has awarded over $ 100,000 in prizes .
Through contests and community support , iDevGames has been the catalyst for fostering the careers of many game developers and creation of a multitude of new games , and has the goal of continuing to do so .
News Corporation majority - owned technology company NDS has seen off a $ 1bn lawsuit alleging piracy and hacking relating to the encryption system for US satellite company Dish Network , with a US jury yesterday awarding just $ 1,000 in damages .
A US federal court jury in California broadly cleared NDS , which provides signal encryption technology for News Corp companies including BSkyB , awarding Dish , formerly known as EchoStar , just $ 1,000 in damages out of the $ 1bn it had sought .
NDS said that the fine was actual damages of $ 45.69 or , in statutory damages , of $ 1,000 .
Yesterday 's damages award stemmed from a single test incident with a Dish satellite TV smart card .
The lawsuit , which was originally filed in 2003 , was brought by Dish Network owner EchoStar and Nagrastar , a joint venture between EchoStar and Swiss digital TV company Kudelski .
NDS was alleged to have hired computer hackers to break the encryption of smart cards used by EchoStar 's Dish Network and post a how - to guide on the internet so people could receive satellite TV for free .
However , in its defence NDS said that it uses former hackers to stop piracy and that it had found a piracy ring in Canada that had cracked Dish 's encrypted signal .
" NDS is pleased that the four - week long trial in which NDS faced baseless allegations , widely repeated and exaggerated to suggest the involvement of our majority shareholder News Corporation , has ended in a resounding affirmation of NDS and its business ethics and proper conduct , " said NDS in a statement .
The News Corp subsidiary added that it had been on the forefront of fighting pay - TV piracy and had invested " hundreds of millions of dollars to achieve our current record of zero piracy " .
" We have stated consistently throughout the course of this trial that the piracy of EchoStar was the result of inferior technology arising from inadequate investment in research and development by Kudelski , " the company said .
" This position has been validated with today 's verdict . "
· To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 7239 9857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 7278 2332 .
· If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
Both Justia and Public .
Resource .
Org have been at loggerheads with the State of Oregon over their desire to publish the state 's complete body of law online , for free .
While that sounds noncontroversial — state law even requires the laws to be offered as widely as possible — the state 's Legislative Counsel Committee claims copyright over portions of its Revised Statutes .
Now , Public .
Resource .
Org and Justia have rejected a lengthy " Public License " from the state and seek a declaratory ruling from a federal court that reprinting the statutes on their respective websites is fair use .
While the actual text of the law is in the public domain , the Legislative Counsel claims copyright in the " arrangement and subject - matter compilation of the Oregon Revised Statutes , leadlines and numbering for each section , and tables and indexes , " says the complaint ( PDF ) .
These ancillary materials are so pervasive in the statutes that stripping them out would be unwieldy and would make the laws far harder to read .
Carl Malamud , who heads Public .
Resource .
Org , has set up a page with the complete background and paper trail .
He takes issue with the idea that a basic private " wrapper " can essentially tie up something as important to the public as the laws that govern it .
" We contend that the pasting of a private wrapper on a public domain package in a transparent attempt to protect a revenue stream is against public policy and is against the law .
Furthermore , even if such a private wrapper were to be permitted in certain cases and under limited circumstances for clearly creative work by private corporations such as , e.g. , the Disney Corporation or Thomson West , the Honorable Legislative Counsel of the Great State of Oregon is such an integral part of the law - making process that in no case may it assert such a copyright . "
Competing seals
The complaint points out that other works of arrangement such as " alphabetical listings of names , accompanied by towns and telephone numbers " have been found to lack copyright protection by previous courts .
Annotating judicial opinions likewise has not been found deserving of copyright .
The filing simply asks a judge to declare that the proposed use of the laws is legal .
Justia and Public .
Resource .
Org are n't seeking damages , though they do request attorneys ' fees in the case .
Both groups have previously told the Oregon Legislative Counsel that they intend to publish the material with or without consent by June 2 , 2008 , a claim that is repeated in the complaint .
Despite all the back and forth on this issue , it 's still not clear what the basis of Oregon 's objection is .
The state publishes its own copy of the statutes on a free and publicly - available website ( Malamud has noted in a letter [ PDF ] to the state that the site does not meet " broadly accepted standards of functionality and validity , " and contains 503,482 HTML markup errors ) .
The state does make money by selling copies of its laws in paper format ( only $ 390 for the 2007 edition in 21 volumes !
Perfect for bathroom reading ! ) , and it notes repeatedly that the " organizational scheme " of such publications is copyrighted , so perhaps cash is part of the issue .
As the complaint notes , the Legislative Counsel Committee is a " financially self - sufficient agency " that pays its own debts and earns its own money .
But the state already offers the laws online , so these new services would seem to offer little competition .
If the concern is accuracy , it 's simple enough to have a computer verify that the copies contained on all public sites are identical to the official versions .
After negotiations , the Legislative Counsel sent both groups a letter saying that the original takedown notices were rescinded , but nothing was said about abandoning copyright claims or swearing off future legal action .
It looks like a federal judge will now make the final decision about what is and is not allowed when it comes to copyrighting the ancillary bits of state law .
Update : Carl Malamud of Public .
Resource .
Org notes that the declaratory judgment remains in draft and has yet to be filed with the court ( the public can comment on it at the moment ) .
Apparently spurred by the threat of legal action , Oregon has today responded ( PDF ) to Malamud and Justia by asking them to present their views on the copyright issues in this case at a mid-July meeting of the Legislative Counsel Committee .
According to the Committee , it hopes to " consider its copyright policy in light of technological developments and the Internet . "
Sounds like a positive sign .
Have you ever experienced a sudden burst of clarity ?
You know , the brief , highly prolific moments when all the answers seem within reach .
These moments are filled with sparks of creative energy and productive awareness .
When operating from a mindset of clarity , you are in a mental state of abundance with no bounds or restrictive limitations to hold you back .
You are free .
Being in this mindset is like settling into a cocoon of tranquility , plugged directly into a network of immeasurable brainpower .
It is a gift of supreme potential in each of us just waiting to be aroused .
Every healthy human mind has this capability .
It ’s just a matter of triggering it .
The mind is unpredictable .
Sometimes these moments of clarity grace our conscious at the most random times .
The mind cannot always be told when to be resourceful and innovative , it just happens .
For me the greatest beauty always lies in the greatest clarity .
– Gotthold Ephraim Lessing
So how do you exploit these bursts of clarity to their utmost potential ?
Here are some suggestions to help you capitalize on these brief moments of elite perception .
Jot It All Down Immediately – Keep a pen and some scratch paper nearby at all times .
If clarity strikes , jot down every idea that crosses your mind .
Sometimes you might even sketch out illustrations and flow diagrams .
It does n’t have to be pretty .
Just make sure you will be able to clearly comprehend your notes later on .
Record Contextual Details About the Moment – There have been times when I ’ve attempted to review a note to no avail .
I stare at it , completely puzzled as to how the note is applicable to anything significant .
It seems irrelevant to my life .
Why ?
I failed to record the contextual details .
Context is absolutely vital when it comes to associating ideas and thoughts with practical applications .
Recording the current time , location , and activity next to each note can help you recall its significance , allowing you to pick up right where you left off .
Take Your Time – Its way too easy to blaze through your routine without taking the time to accurately reflect on your thoughts .
You must take it slow enough to successfully capture moments of clarity when they arise .
Your mind needs to be operating at a pace that leaves enough mental capacity for thought reflection and initial evaluation .
Maintain an Optimistic , Open Mind – A closed mind is a wasted mind .
You should never prejudge an inspired idea without taking the necessary time to mindfully evaluate it .
Not every apparent moment of clarity will produce a brilliant idea or solution , but many will .
Furthermore , some flawed ideas may ignite your curiosity and imagination , both of which have the ability to change the dynamics of everything .
Escape to Silence and Brainstorm –
If at all possible , immediately escape to a quite location when you have a bout of mental clarity .
This will allow you to accurately sort out your thoughts without the negative influence of external interruptions or distractions .
Take Instant Action –
There are cases of clarity when taking instant action makes the most sense , especially if the thought process is based around creativity or self - confidence .
This mental state of clarity is sometimes referred to as “ being in the zone ” .
In order to maximize effectiveness , this “ in the zone ” state may require you to exist solely in the present moment , taking instantaneous action while your mind is clear .
Discuss
It with Someone You Respect – Having an intellectual discussion with someone you respect is one of the best ways to evaluate the strength of your ideas .
Sometimes , just the simple act of verbally explaining an idea will shed light on something you had previously overlooked .
Obviously , the other person will also be able to deliver a third party point of view .
Store All Ideas in One Accessible Location – Documenting all your ideas during a sudden burst of clarity is worthless if you misplace your notes .
Organize a system for yourself that creates a single , centralized place to store every note you take .
Pacing around in circles saying “ Where did I put my notes ? ” would be tragic as you sit down to finalize your formula for curing HIV .
Review Ideas as Soon as Realistically Feasible – Once you have an effifient system down for storing your ideas , you have to create a regular habit of reviewing them .
You should always review your notes as soon as you possibly can .
That way , if you missed a key point or forgot to record contextual details , you still have the idea fairly fresh in your mind .
This also makes assessing the value of your ideas much easier .
Bursts of mental clarity can be sudden and unpredictable .
But if you are prepared , you can exploit your mind ’s capabilities to its max potential .
S
This Explains Everything !
This is India .
It 's where you call when you have a technical problem .
Blonde # 1 : … So , he was like , sit­ting there , and she need­ed to take a tin­kle , so , you know …
She opened the door and a truck just smashed in­to her , and the car …
Like , to­tal­ly .
Blonde # 2 : Oh my god .
I hope he had in­sur­ance .
Blonde # 1 : Yeah , me too .
– Union Square
Curved - Crease Sculpture
When folded along curved creases , paper shapes itself into a natural equilibrium form .
These equilibria are poorly understood , especially for curved creases .
We are exploring what shapes are possible in this genre of self - folding origami , with applications to deployable structures , manufacturing , and self - assembly .
This transformation of flat paper into swirling surfaces creates sculpture that feels alive .
History of Curved Origami Sculpture
There is a surprisingly old history to curved origami sculpture , going back to the 1920s at the Bauhaus .
Read our partial history focusing on the earliest known references .
Last updated June 10 , 2019 by Erik Demaine .
While solid - state hard drives are still only just beginning to catch on , if a group of researchers from Thorrn Micro Technologies have their way , there could soon be another solid - state laptop component headed your way .
That component in question is a microchip - sized fan , which boasts no moving parts but is apparently capable of keeping a laptop or other electronic devices cool .
To do that , the fan reportedly makes use of the same technology found in household air purifiers , which results in a flow rate three times greater than typical small mechanical fan , not to mention lower power consumption and completely silent operation .
Of course , the fan is still in the early testing stages , but the researchers see virtually no end to its potential , with them boasting that it 's " one of the most significant advancements in electronics cooling since heat pipes , " and adding that it could " change the cooling paradigm for mobile electronics . "
Athletes competing in the 2008 Olympics in Beijing , China , will be allowed to maintain personal blogs for the first time in history — if they can make it through the Great Firewall , that is .
The International Olympic Committee made the decision and issued a set of guidelines late last week , saying only that athletes are free to post what they want — with a few caveats .
But even as the IOC gives the go - ahead to bloggers , the Chinese government continues to filter and monitor its own Internet traffic , severely limiting bloggers within the country .
As for the types of things the IOC will allow , athletes may only write about their own personal experiences ( and not , say , a newsy - type post about an overall competition or information from third parties ) .
They may also post photographs taken outside of official Olympic areas and their own photos taken inside , but that the photos must not contain any sporting action .
Bloggers cannot put any form of advertising on their sites or have any affiliation with a specific company , the IOC said , and should keep their posts " dignified and in good taste , " according to the guidelines .
" The IOC considers blogging ... as a legitimate form of personal expression and not a form of journalism , " the IOC said in a statement issued on Friday .
Unfortunately , China 's Public Security Bureau does n't usually take such a liberal view of " personal expression . "
Blogs from common hosts , such as Blogspot and WordPress , have been blocked off and on within China for some time now , so Olympic athletes looking to post about their experiences may not even be able to access their sites without some sort of contingency plan .
That 's not the only place they 'll have to compromise , either — other taboo topics include the local police , government , as well as the likes of Falun Gong , Nazi Germany , and Tiananmen Square .
In other China - related news , Steven Spielberg decided last week to resign as an " artistic consultant " to the 2008 Olympics .
The reason for his decision , Spielberg said , was because China had not done much to help resolve conflict in Sudan , resulting in genocide and other human rights violations .
" With this in mind , I find that my conscience will not allow me to continue with business as usual , " he said in a statement .
Human Rights
Watch praised Spielberg 's decision , saying that other corporate sponsors , governments , and other Olympic - related committees should put pressure on Beijing to improve human rights in China .
" Olympic corporate sponsors are putting their reputations at risk unless they work to convince the Chinese government to uphold the human rights pledges it made to bring the Games to Beijing , " Human Rights Watch media director Minky Worden said in a statement last week .
" Human rights are under attack in China , and Olympic sponsors should use their considerable leverage to persuade Beijing to change policy . "
But not everyone received the news well — particularly Chinese fans of Spielberg 's work .
China 's Xinhua news agency reported that the public was angry about the decision , with some criticizing Spielberg for living in a sci- fi fantasy world and being unable to " distinguish dream from reality . "
The IOC appeared to shrug off the controversy as well , with IOC President Jacques Rogge saying that the Olympics are a sporting event , not an opportunity to demonstrate political beliefs .
" [ Spielberg 's ] absence will not harm the quality of the Games .
The Beijing Games are much stronger than individuals , " Rogge said .
Further reading :
I am not making this up .
NPR 's Morning Edition :
Beck , a recovering alcoholic , says he needed to bottom out before he could recover .
He says the conservative movement might need to do the same thing ...
" Let [ Democrat ] Barack Obama get in , let them put these policies in .
It will either work , or it will be a disaster . "
Such a scenario would be good for the conservative movement , Beck says : " Jimmy Carter gave us Ronald Reagan .
Bill Clinton gave us Newt Gingrich .
Every time there is this swing to extreme , the other side comes back with real conservative values , and you start to move forward again . "
Beck says the conservative he admires most these days is former Sen. Rick Santorum ( R - PA ) , who was defeated for re-election in 2006 .
" I think this guy really has it .
I think he really understands the world we live in right now . "
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert and dogbert walk outside .
Dilbert says , " ... And we know mass creates gravity because dense planets have more gravity . "
They stop , Dilbert sits on a rock .
Dogbert says , " How do we know which planets are more dense ? "
Dilbert says , " They have more gravity . "
Dogbert says , " That 's circular reasoning . "
Dilbert says , " I prefer to think of it as having no loose ends . "
MARKET SNAPSHOT : U.S. Stock Rally Fuels Dow To 8th - biggest Point Leap Ever
U.S. stocks on Tuesday celebrated the start of a new quarter , rallying as Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.'s equity offer drew a warm reception , fueling the Dow to its 8th - biggest point jump ever .
" Clearly there is a recognition the credit markets are healing -- usually stocks begin to rally about six months before the end of a slowdown , " said Jeffrey Kleintop , chief market strategist at LPL Financial Services .
" And with earning season less than a week away , and we have n't heard a flood of negative pre-announcements , " Kleintop said .
The Dow industrials climbed 391.47 points , or 3.2 % , to 12,654.36 , with all 30 components ending higher , with shares of Citigroup Inc. ( C ) leading the way , up 11.3 % .
The stock indexes solidified gains in the wake of U.S. economic data that showed the Institute for Supply Management 's index inching up to 48.6 % in March from 48.3 % in February , topping the forecasts of analysts looking for it to slip to 47 % . .
" Healthy demand abroad has boosted exports of manufactured goods , offsetting some of the strain from weak domestic demand , " said Michelle Meyer , a Lehman Brothers economist .
The early economic data fostered the sentiment that says , " ' Hey , we 're not falling through the floor on economic data , ' " said Bill Stone , chief investment strategist at PNC Wealth Management .
" You 'll probably continue to see weak economic data , but that does n't necessarily doom you to poor stock - market returns . "
Separately , the Commerce Department reported U.S. construction spending fell 0.3 % in February , less than the 1 % drop predicted by economists .
The S&P 500 Index ( SPX ) added 47.48 points , or 3.6 % , to 1,370.18 , while the Nasdaq Composite Index ( RIXF ) advanced 83.65 points , or 3.7 % , to 2,362.75 .
The broad - based rally lifted nearly all sectors , with the Amex Securities Broker / Dealer index ( XBD ) among those tallying the largest gains , along with the S&P Bank Index ( BIX ) .
The Philadelphia Gold Silver Index ( XAUX ) was on the short list of decliners .
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange topped 4.7 billion shares , with six stocks gaining for every issue on the decline .
On the Nasdaq , 2.1 billion shares were exchanged , and advancers topped decliners 3 to 1 .
Crude turns
On the New York Mercantile Exchange , crude futures fell 60 cents to $ 100.98 a barrel , while gold futures dropped below $ 900 an ounce , $ 33.70 to close at $ 987.80 an ounce . .
The dollar index , which measures the greenback against a basket of currencies , was at 72.55 , up from 71.749 late Monday . .
A big positive behind the impressive gains on Wall Street is the favorable reception to Lehman 's offering .
" It 's three times oversubscribed ; people are interested in investing in Lehman , " said Art Hogan , chief market strategist at Jefferies & Co .
" Investment banks are losing money and need to raise money in the capital markets , and fortunately they are doing it , " said Hugh Johnson , chairman of Johnson Illington Advisors .
Shares of Lehman ( LEH ) added 17.8 % after the company announced plans to offer $ 4 billion in convertible preferred shares .
" The thought being if you can raise the capital and take care of things , it takes off the table the collapse worries , " said Stone .
UBS ( UBS ) shares gained 14.6 % after the company disclosed $ 19 billion in new write - downs and said that it would issue another $ 15 billion in shares .
Germany 's Deutsche Bank AG ( DB ) reported a $ 3.9 billion write - off , mostly on leveraged loans , commercial real estate and alt - A exposures .
" It 's not just a U.S. problem ; it 's the European banks ' turn to say , ' Yeah , we had a little exposure there too , ' " said Hogan , who also pointed to an index showing confidence among Japanese manufacturers at a four - year low as a way of putting U.S. economic woes in perspective .
Overseas , European shares started off the second quarter strongly , largely on gains from financials including UBS . .
In Asia , stocks closed mixed , with Nikon Corp. leading advances in Japanese technology stocks . .
U.S. stocks on Monday finished the worst quarter in roughly five years with a solid advance .
The more you know the less you care -- at least that seems to be the case with global warming .
A telephone survey of 1,093 Americans by two Texas A&M University political scientists and a former colleague indicates that trend , as explained in their recent article in the peer - reviewed journal Risk Analysis .
" More informed respondents both feel less personally responsible for global warming , and also show less concern for global warming , " states the article , titled " Personal Efficacy , the Information Environment , and Attitudes toward Global Warming and Climate Change in the USA . "
The study showed high levels of confidence in scientists among Americans led to a decreased sense of responsibility for global warming .
The diminished concern and sense of responsibility flies in the face of awareness campaigns about climate change , such as in the movies An Inconvenient Truth and Ice Age : The Meltdown and in the mainstream media 's escalating emphasis on the trend .
The research was conducted by Paul M. Kellstedt , a political science associate professor at Texas A&M ; Arnold Vedlitz , Bob Bullock Chair in Government and Public Policy at Texas A& M 's George Bush School of Government and Public Service ; and Sammy Zahran , formerly of Texas A&M and now an assistant professor of sociology at Colorado State University .
Kellstedt says the findings were a bit unexpected .
The focus of the study , he says , was not to measure how informed or how uninformed Americans are about global warming , but to understand why some individuals who are more or less informed about it showed more or less concern .
advertisement
" In that sense , we did n't really have expectations about how aware or unaware people were of global warming , " he says .
But , he adds , " The findings that the more informed respondents were less concerned about global warming , and that they felt less personally responsible for it , did surprise us .
We expected just the opposite .
" The findings , while rather modest in magnitude -- there are other variables we measured which had much larger effects on concern for global warming -- were statistically quite robust , which is to say that they continued to appear regardless of how we modeled the data . "
Measuring knowledge about global warming is a tricky business , Kellstedt adds .
" That 's true of many other things we would like to measure in surveys , of course , especially things that might embarrass people ( like ignorance ) or that they might feel social pressure to avoid revealing ( like prejudice ) , " he says .
" There are no industry standards , so to speak , for measuring knowledge about global warming .
We opted for this straightforward measure and realize that other measures might produce different results . "
Now , for better or worse , scientists have to deal with the public 's abundant confidence in them .
" But it can not be comforting to the researchers in the scientific community that the more trust people have in them as scientists , the less concerned they are about their findings , " the researchers conclude in their study .
In the edition of Sunday , Feb. 10 , The Plain Dealer makes its choices for the Ohio presidential primaries :
Democrats Republicans Obama :
An optimistic approach unencumbered by the past McCain : A plain - spoken pragmatist who can build a coalition " Ohio Democrats have to ask themselves which candidate is more likely , first , to win the White House , and , then , to persuade a closely divided country to embrace his or her vision of change .
Put even more pointedly :
Who is more likely to change the world of a child born in 2008 ?
" The answer , we think , is Barack Obama . "
" Even before the winnowing of the GOP field began , McCain stood out as the party 's most impressive presidential material and its most electable candidate .
" ... Republicans here can steer their party away from those who have a death wish and focus it instead on the serious business of holding the White House in November . "
Read the whole editorial Read the whole editorial
The paper 's editorial board interviewed three of the candidates by phone ( its attempts to arrange an interview with Mike Huckabee were unsuccessful ) .
You can hear what the paper asked them and how they answered in these audio interviews :
Clinton | Obama | McCain
Clinton interview Part 1 :
Clinton interview Part 2 :
Obama interview Part 1 :
Obama interview Part 2 :
McCain interview Part 1 :
McCain interview Part 2 :
For the Democrats : Obama
BARRING SOME UNFORESEEABLE
EVENT , the Democratic Party is about to make history .
Its presidential nominee this November will be either the first woman or the first African - American to carry the standard of a major political party .
With the contest between Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York and Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois a virtual deadlock , Ohio Democrats on March 4 can play a critical role in this historic decision .
As usual with intraparty battles , the policy and ideological differences between Clinton and Obama are slight .
Both share the party 's liberal traditions on social and domestic issues .
Both are committed to expanding health coverage and to closing the gap between rich and poor .
Both oppose the Bush administration 's strategy in Iraq .
Both promise to break America 's addiction to carbon - based fuels .
Given these similarities , Ohio Democrats have to ask themselves which candidate is more likely , first , to win the White House , and , then , to persuade a closely divided country to embrace his or her vision of change .
Put even more pointedly :
Who is more likely to change the world of a child born in 2008 ?
The answer , we think , is Barack Obama .
Although Obama stands on the precipice of a historic breakthrough , his personal story is a classic only - in - America saga : A white mother from Kansas .
A black father from Kenya .
A childhood in multi-ethnic Hawaii .
Scholarships to Ivy League schools .
Work as a community organizer and later a law professor in Chicago .
Two terms in the Illinois Senate , then a landslide election to the U.S. Senate .
An electrifying keynote speech at the 2004 Democratic National Convention .
That speech laid out the template for this campaign .
He has challenged America to move beyond rigid racial , religious or partisan divides to focus instead on shared , national goals .
It 's a message that appeals to young voters and independents , to disillusioned Democrats eager to regain a sense of possibility and , yes , hope .
Obama 's frequent talk of hope strikes some people as naive .
It leads others to question his toughness .
But Obama understands something his critics do not : Change requires vision and optimism , shared sacrifice and mutual trust .
Hope can sustain those elements ; a presidency defined by political tactics cannot .
Hillary Clinton is an exceptionally bright and accomplished woman .
Only a fool could dispute that .
It would be nice if Obama 's policy proposals were as meaty as those she has put forward .
It 's no wonder she wants Democrats to see this race as a choice between resumes .
But in a campaign where history matters , she carries an inordinate amount of baggage .
Who wants to relive the soap operas of the 1990s ?
Bill Clinton says his wife excelled at " making positive changes in other people 's lives . "
Consider that construction .
Then listen as Obama talks of bringing people together to change their own lives .
America needs a fresh start .
Barack Obama is the Democrat to provide it .
For the Republicans : McCain
THE REPUBLICAN PARTY has been running presidential candidates since 1856 .
In all that time , it has never elected one who failed to carry Ohio .
Even today , the party 's strategists cannot construct a realistic blueprint for winning 270 electoral votes without picking up 20 here .
Because neither the Democrats nor the Republicans enjoy majority status , independents decide elections in Ohio .
That means you do n't win here by driving people out of your party 's tent .
You win by inviting them in .
That 's worth remembering as some very prominent , very conservative Republicans nationally bemoan the fact that Sen.
John McCain of Arizona is now the odds - on favorite to be their presidential nominee .
Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney recognized that fact on Thursday and suspended his campaign .
Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee soldiers on , but his is largely a regional candidacy based on support from a core GOP constituency : religious conservatives .
Rep. Ron Paul of Texas also remains in the race , but no amount of Internet chatter can conceal the fact that his libertarian , isolationist bent represents a tiny sliver of the Republican Party .
The likelihood of a McCain nomination ought to please Republicans of every stripe .
Even before the winnowing of the GOP field began , McCain stood out as the party 's most impressive presidential material and its most electable candidate .
Americans of any party or ideology cannot help but admire McCain 's service to this country , including 51/ 2 years as a prisoner of war in Vietnam .
The scars he carries give him extra credence when he talks about the uses and limits of military power and about America 's role in the world .
A president may have to make split - second decisions on matters of national security ; McCain has shown steel under the greatest pressures imaginable .
Then , too , there is his admirable willingness to work with allies wherever he finds them -- even among Democrats in the Senate .
This infuriates some conservatives , but McCain 's ability to form coalitions would serve him and the country well as president .
Ronald Reagan , whom GOP contenders feel duty - bound to salute at every turn , was a master of cobbling together unlikely majorities and of accepting half a loaf if that 's all he had the votes to win .
McCain embodies the blend of principle and pragmatism that made Reagan so effective .
Make no mistake .
McCain has a very conservative voting record .
He 's a maverick , not a moderate , no matter what Tom DeLay , Rush Limbaugh and Ann Coulter might say .
But in an era of carefully programmed politicians , McCain also is a throwback .
He says what he thinks .
He gets mad in public .
He refuses to toe the party line -- even his own party's .
That kind of Republican wins in Ohio .
By voting for John McCain on March 4 , Republicans here can steer their party away from those who have a death wish and focus it instead on the serious business of holding the White House in November .
Participating in The Plain Dealer endorsement deliberations were Publisher Terrance C.Z. Egger , Editor Susan Goldberg , Editorial Page Director Brent Larkin , Deputy Editorial Page Director Kevin O'Brien and Associate Editors Sharon Broussard , Joseph Frolik , Becky Gaylord and Elizabeth Sullivan .
Obama joins American Indian tribe , eyes policy change
CROW AGENCY , Mont. , May 19 - Democrat Barack Obama became an honorary member of an American Indian tribe on Monday and promised a proactive policy to help tribal people if he wins the White House in November .
The Illinois senator who is leading rival Hillary Clinton in their race for the party 's presidential nomination , joined the Crow Nation , a tribe of some 12,100 members in Montana , taking on a native name and honorary parents in a traditional ceremony .
Obama , who would be the first black U.S. president , was " adopted " by Hartford and Mary Black Eagle and given a name which means " one who helps all people of this land . "
" I was just adopted into the tribe , so I 'm still working on my pronunciation , " Obama told a crowd after stumbling over some of the native names .
" I like my new name , Barack Black Eagle , " he said .
" That is a good name . "
Many in the audience wore traditional feather headdresses and some banged drums ahead of Obama 's visit , the first by a presidential candidate to the Crow Nation .
Obama held rallies throughout Montana , which holds its primary election on June 3 .
The state is home to some 60,000 American Indians , making them a key swing vote , according to Dale Old Horn , 62 , a spokesman for the Crow Nation .
Obama said he would appoint a Native American adviser to his senior White House staff if he wins and would work on providing better health care and education to reservations across the country .
" Few have been ignored by Washington for as long as Native Americans , the first Americans , " Obama said .
Old Horn said the tribal members related to Obama because of his background .
" His heritage of being poor , of being an outsider , you know those two things are the commonalities that he has with us , " he said .
" We 've always been treated like outsiders when it comes to government policy .
In addition to that , we all grew up poor . "
There has n’t been a Democratic appointment to the Supreme Court since Stephen Breyer ’s in 1994 , and the next two or three vacancies are expected to come from the liberal side of the bench with John Paul Stevens , Ruth Bader Ginsberg , and David Souter tabbed as most likely to depart next .
The five - man conservative majority — John Roberts , Samuel Alito , Antonin Scalia , Anthony Kennedy , and Clarence Thomas — seems set to continue through another presidential cycle .
Democrats worry about the possibility of a Republican president replacing the liberals left on the court .
As a senator , John McCain was part of the bipartisan Gang of 14 that united to weed out some of President Bush ’s more ideological judge selections .
The most intriguing McCain preference , given his Vietnam War background , would be Viet Dinh , a Harvard Law–educated former Justice Department official who was a key figure behind the USA Patriot Act .
Dinh fled Vietnam for the United States in 1978 , and his story of escape and survival — 12 days in a boat with no food or water — almost rivals McCain ’s in drama and courage .
Sources say McCain is drawn to the escape narrative as much as to Dinh ’s conservative ideology .
Solicitor General Paul Clement would also be at the top of any short list .
For a new Democratic president , former solicitor general Seth Waxman is considered the next justice in waiting .
He is a busy partner at Washington ’s WilmerHale .
But a President Barack Obama might appoint Massachusetts governor Deval Patrick to the high court .
To replace Ruth Bader Ginsberg , the almost - certain top choice for a Democrat would be 47 - year - old Harvard Law School dean Elena Kagan , a former lawyer at Williams & Connolly , who once clerked for Obama legal hero Thurgood Marshall .
She was a professor at the University of Chicago when Obama was working in law and politics there .
She is also a favorite of Hillary Rodham Clinton ’s , having worked in the Bill Clinton White House on domestic policy .
Kagan is wired .
To see more posts on media , politics and the Washington scene , click here .
This article can be found in the April 2008 issue of The Washingtonian .
Do n’t Miss Another Big Story — Get Our Weekend Newsletter
Our most popular stories of the week , sent every Saturday .
Or , see all of our newsletters .
By signing up , you agree to our terms
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
This piece is guest - posted by George Warner , a Nation intern and freelance writer based in New York City .
Ad Policy
Until now , the Modern - Day Slavery Museum ’s biggest problem was that it was confined to central Florida .
Housed in a twenty - four - square foot tomato - box truck designed to memorialize the experience of twelve immigrant migrant workers held captive in the same type of truck between 2005 and 2007 , the museum is now embarking on a tour of the Northeast , stopping in Washington , Philadelphia , New York and Boston , among many other places .
The museum , opened and managed by the Coalition of Immokalee Workers , documents the continuous history of slavery in Florida — since 1526 , when African slaves arrived among 600 Spaniards with Lucas Vázquez de Ayllón — and the modern form of slavery still rampant in the state : tomato farm workers “ held against their will through threats , drugs , beatings , shootings and pistol - whippings , ” as Nation editor Katrina vanden Heuvel described in a post last March .
The museum ’s central focus is on the phenomenon of modern - day slavery , why it persists and its solutions .
The exhibits were developed in consultation with workers who have escaped from forced labor operations as well as leading academic authorities on slavery and labor history in Florida .
The museum is just one of the many innovative tactics that the CIW , a community - based worker organization , has used to bring its fight for legal working conditions and better wages for Florida ’s tomato pickers to the public .
Using the leverage of large buyers , like Taco Bell , Burger King and Publix , keen on maintaining a positive public face , the CIW has been able to achieve better pay and improved labor conditions for many of Florida ’s migrant workers .
If you live in the Northeast , visit the museum when it comes to your area .
And anyone can bring one of CIW ’s petitions to their grocery store and make a donation to the group to help it continue its work .
This image taken by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter shows the rock debris pattern that scientists believe was left by a glacier that rose at least one kilometer from the surrounding plain and flowed into the canyon .
A vanishedglacier with a mysterious calling card suggests Mars went through many ice agesin its very recent past .
A freshlook at images from the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter indicates thick glaciersmay have existed in the past 100 million years in the planet 's equatorialregion , but vanished after planetarywobbles changed the climate in certain areas .
" We 'vegone from seeing Mars as a dead planet for three - plus billion years to one thathas been alive in recent times , " said Jay Dickson , a geologist at Brown University and lead author of the study .
" [ The finding ] haschanged our perspective from a planet that has been dry and dead to one that isicy and active . "
Strangeflow
Dickson andother researchers looked at a dead - ended box canyon that slopes down into alarger valley , and discovered glacial deposits of rocks marking a glacier ' sadvance heading upslope into the canyon ?
something which seems physicallyimpossible .
Here 's howit happened , according to the team 's calculations :
An ice pack at least .62 miles ( 1 kilometer ) thick filled the larger valley to a height exceeding thatof the box canyon walls .
Glacial ice flowed in the larger valley upstream ofthe box canyon .
So when the glacier reached the box canyon , the ice actuallypushed uphill into it .
When theglacier ice retreated , it left behind the mystery of the box canyon and afreshly - paved surface that suggests a recent event .
" Wedo n't see many craters on the glacial deposits , " Dickson told SPACE.com .
" That 's a yardstick we can use for measuring geological age . "
Craters onMars , caused by meteor impacts , remain for hundreds of millions of years , andtheir prevalence in an area can , like a wrinkled face , indicate an old surface .
Newer surfaces lack the multitudes of scars .
Multipleepisodes
The findingfurther suggests that Mars has endured repeated periods of glacial activityinstead of just one single event , Dickson said , whose new work on this topic isdetailed in the May issue of the journal Geology .
The pastpresence of glaciers could also spark further debate about whether waterflowed recently on Mars , given that pressure from the weight of glacierscan melt ice .
However , no direct evidence of recent flowing water has beenfound .
" Wedo n't yet see evidence for melt water at this location , but the fact that therewas so much ice here expands our understanding of how active Mars climate hasbeen , " said Dickson .
US military tightens siege of Sadr City as cleric warns of war
By Peter Symonds
21 April 2008
Scores of people have died over the past week as US and Iraqi forces tightened their noose around the huge working class suburb of Sadr City in Baghdad and pressed into the remaining strongholds of the Madhi Army loyal to cleric Moqtada al Sadr in the southern city of Basra .
The actual death toll is likely to be far higher as US air strikes continue to pound the densely populated slums .
In a statement late Saturday night , Sadr threatened an “ open war until liberation ” if the Iraqi government did not “ take the path of peace and abandon violence against its people ” .
He lashed out at the regime , likening its repressive methods to those of Saddam Hussein .
Referring to the pitched battles in 2004 between the Madhi Army and the US military , he asked : “ Do you want a third uprising ? ”
Sadr ’s “ final warning ” , however , was more a pathetic plea to the Iraqi government , than a declaration of war .
“ This government has forgotten that we are their brothers and were part of them , ” he said , alluding to the fact that the Sadrist movement helped Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki into office .
Military operations were continuing , he declared , “ despite our freeze of the Madhi Army , our initiatives to defuse the tension and our calls for peaceful protests and strikes ” .
Sadr is well aware of the deep frustration and anger among Madhi Army fighters who fought Iraqi and US forces to a standstill in Basra and the suburbs of Baghdad , only to be ordered off the streets by the cleric on March 30 .
Far from ending the fighting , the deal struck between Sadrist leaders and the government enabled the US and Iraqi security forces to regroup and consolidate their positions after their initial offensive into Basra , launched on March 24 , collapsed .
In Basra , Iraqi forces claimed to have seized the last major Sadrist stronghold — the district of Hayaniyah — on Saturday .
The operation began at 6 a.m. with US warplanes and British artillery blasting the area in what was described as “ a demonstration of the firepower available , if required , ” according to a British military spokesman .
Clashes erupted as Iraqi soldiers , bolstered by US and British advisers , entered the suburb .
The Scotsman reported up to a dozen people dead and 130 wounded .
The previous day , Iraqi army forces surrounded a Sadrist office in Basra , demanded that it be evacuated and prevented people from attending Friday prayers .
Sadr ’s spokesman in Najaf , Saleh al - Obeidi branded the siege a provocation , saying : “ The objective of the security forces is to further aggravate tensions and it shows the government ’s claims that it is not targetting Sadr supporters to be false . ”
By Sunday , the Sadrists had surrendered the building .
In Baghdad , the US military is tightening its siege of Sadr City , home to more than two million urban poor .
Construction began last week on a massive concrete wall designed to seal off the southern quarter of the suburb , which is now under American control .
Even though heavily protected by M - 1 tanks , Stryker vehicles and Apache attack helicopters , construction crews have come under fire , resulting in US retaliation with missiles and bursts of tank rounds .
Sadrist MP Maha al - Dori drew the comparison with the Israeli siege of Gaza .
“ They have now completely surrounded Sadr City .
The media is talking about Gaza , while we now have a second ‘ Rafah crossing ’ in Sadr City , ” she said .
“ The hospitals are jammed with dead bodies ...
The occupation forces completely ban and open fire at any convoy trying to deliver humanitarian aid .
People here suffer from shortage of food supplies .
The occupation forces have burnt the city ’s markets , ” she told Al Jazeera .
American military spokesmen insist that the operation is aimed at halting rocket and mortar attacks on the Green Zone , headquarters of the US occupation , but the broader aim is to crush the Madhi Army and establish complete control over Sadr City .
A Madhi Army fighter , Abu Ameer , told the Washington Post that Iraqi and US armoured vehicles had entered Sadr City from three sides on Friday and appeared to be trying to divide the area into four .
After a sandstorm grounded US helicopters , Ameer explained : “ Now it ’s turning .
The whole city is defending themselves .
It ’s a gift from God [ the sandstorm ] .
It serves us in an unbelievable way because they do n’t have air cover . ”
Expressing his frustration at being forced to fight defensively by Sadr ’s March 30 statement , he added : “ If only Moqtada gives us an order , we will set fire and burn them wherever they are . ”
Iraqi troops have been thrust into the forefront to take the brunt of the fighting .
Last week , an entire Iraqi company abandoned its position , leaving a gaping hole in the frontline .
An army captain explained to the New York Times that his unit was down to less than half its strength of 150 , lacked ammunition and its machine guns were not working .
“ Most of my soldiers have family inside Sadr City .
Their tribes and cousins and relatives are there .
They ca n’t fight in Sadr City , ” he explained .
The Sadr City episode gives another glimpse into the turmoil inside the Iraqi security forces during the first days of the Basra offensive when hundreds of soldiers and police refused to fight or openly went over to the Madhi Army .
The government has since dismissed 1,300 soldiers who took part in the operation .
Last week , it replaced the top army and police commanders in Basra , recalling them to their posts in Baghdad .
A British officer described last month ’s disaster in yesterday ’s Telegraph .
“ There were literally thousands of troops arriving in Basra from all over Iraq .
But they had no idea why they were there or what they were supposed to do .
It was madness and to cap it all they had insufficient supplies of food , water and ammunition .
One of the newly formed brigades was ordered into battle and suffered around 1,200 desertions within the first couple of hours — it was painful to watch . ”
While the Bush administration insisted that the Basra offensive was an Iraqi operation , it was launched in the immediate wake of Vice President Dick Cheney ’s visit to Baghdad .
American analyst Gareth Porter wrote in the Asia Times on Saturday that one of Cheney ’s objectives “ was to get [ Prime Minister ] Maliki to go along with the [ US General ]
Petraeus plan to eliminate the commanding position of Moqtada ’s forces in Basra .
Maliki has told Iraqi officials that Cheney put pressure on him to go along with the Basra operation . ”
According to Porter , Maliki apparently rushed into the operation and shunned US support , fearful that it would provoke widespread opposition to his already despised government .
“ The Shiite south has become the most anti-occupation region in the country , ” the article stated .
“ The British polling firm ORB , which has been doing opinion surveys in Iraq since 2005 , found in March that 69 percent of respondents in the south believed that security would improve if foreign troops were withdrawn , and only 10 percent believed it would get worse . ”
As fighting with the Madhi Army has intensified , the Bush administration has stepped up its anti-Iranian rhetoric , accusing Tehran of arming and training anti-occupation militia .
Along with the allegation that Iran is intent on building nuclear weapons , the accusation that Tehran is waging “ a proxy war ” in Iraq is being cultivated as a pretext for a US military attack .
For all their occasional anti-American bluster , Iranian authorities have backed the US puppet regime in Baghdad and held talks with US officials to assist in stabilising the American occupation .
In an unusually direct statement last weekend , Iran ’s ambassador to Iraq , Hassan Kazemi Qumi , strongly supported the Iraqi army drive into Basra , while criticising US operations in Sadr City .
“ The idea of the government in Basra was to fight outlaws , ” he said .
“ This was the right of the government and the responsibility of the government .
And in my opinion the government was able to achieve a positive result in Basra . ”
Qumi ’s statements are another political lifeline for Maliki who was floundering as the initial offensive into Basra crumbled .
Top Iranian officials were reportedly involved also in pressuring Sadr to call his militia off the streets on March 30 .
Maliki had placed its reputation on the line by personally taking charge of the Basra operation and demanding that Sadr disband the Madhi Army as a condition for participating in provincial elections .
No such ultimatum has been given to Maliki ’s Da’wa party or its ally , the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq ( ISCI ) , which would use their militia to secure political dominance in the Shiite south prior to the October poll .
US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , who flew into Baghdad yesterday , expressed satisfaction at the Maliki government ’s “ remarkable progress ” toward achieving “ political unity ” .
It was in part , she said , a by - product of Maliki ’s “ very good decision ” to try to wrest Basra from the control of “ criminals and militia ” .
The military crackdown on the Shiite urban poor has garnered support from Kurdish and Sunni political leaders .
Massoud Barzani , head of the northern Kurdish autonomous region , has offered Kurdish troops to fight the Madhi Army .
Sunni vice - president Tariq al - Hashemi , who has been sharply critical of Maliki ’s pro-Shiite bias , has agreed to a joint statement expressing support for the Basra operation .
What is routinely presented in the international media as inter-Shiite infighting in fact reflects sharpening class divisions among the Iraqi population as a whole .
Da’wa and ISCI , which have backed the US invasion from the outset , reflect the interests of layers of the Shiite clerical and merchant elite who have increasingly come into conflict with the vast majority of the Shiite population , whose lives have been devastated by the impact of the US occupation .
Sadr has increasingly accommodated himself to the US occupation and , while seeking to maintain his popular base , is just as fearful as the rest of the Shiite establishment of a social explosion .
As for Iran , Tehran ’s latest assistance for the US occupation will not prevent an American military attack .
What is driving Washington ’s continuing threats against Iran are the same strategic and economic considerations that led to the 2003 invasion of Iraq — in particular , American ambitions to secure its dominance over the energy - rich regions of the Middle East and Central Asia .
At every turn , the Bush administration has taken any concession offered by Tehran but continued to warn that “ every option is on the table ” .
The latest statement by the Iranian ambassador will only encourage US military operations to suppress the Shiite working class in Baghdad and Basra , which is an important precondition for any strike on Iran .
Sharp clashes continued in Sadr City on Saturday and Sunday .
US spokesman Lieutenant Colonel Steve Stover announced yesterday that a further 12 Madhi Army fighters had been killed in fighting , in what he described as an “ uptick in violence in comparison with the past couple of weeks ” .
Sharp fighting also took place yesterday in the predominantly Shiite city of Nasiriyah , south of Baghdad , where the US military claimed to have killed 40 militiamen and arrested 40 more .
The casualty figures are in all likelihood a gross underestimate .
Sadrist MP , Salah al - Ugaili told Agence France Presse on Friday that 398 people had been killed and 1,331 wounded since March 25 in Sadr City alone .
Doctor Wiyam Rashhad , head of one of Sadr City ’s three hospitals , told the news agency that his facility had registered 135 killed in the clashes and another 800 wounded .
Slide 1 of 16 ,
Dr. David L. Bassett , left , and William B. Gruber , inventor of the View - Master , place a jawbone in position to be photographed .
The special camera took images from two slightly different angles , producing a seemingly three - dimensional image for the View - Master .
More than 1,550 images of human dissections were taken , and the result was the 23 - volume Stereoscopic Atlas of Human Anatomy , published in 1962 .
Stanford University
Hello , this is Jan Lehnardt and you 're visiting my blog .
Thanks for stopping by .
About me
plok —
It reads like a blog , but it sounds harder !
↑ Archives
Nasa has used its supercomputers to study colliding black holes Nasa is making a bid to join the elite group using supercomputers whose power is measured in petaflops .
By 2009 the US space agency aims to be running a petaflop supercomputer that will be able to do 1,000 trillion calculations per second .
By 2012 it hopes to have boosted the power of this machine to 10 petaflops , to help with modelling and simulation .
If it manages the feat , it will be one of only a few organisations that can tap such vast number - crunching power .
The supercomputer will be installed at Nasa 's Ames Research Center at Moffet Field , California , the site of its existing supercomputer facility .
Nasa 's current top supercomputer , called Columbia , was turned on in 2004 and has a theoretical peak of 88.88 teraflops .
This makes it the 20th most powerful supercomputer on the planet , according to the Top 500 Project which compiles a list of the relative performance of these machines .
Running a petaflop computer would catapult Nasa into the top five on this list .
Currently , the most powerful supercomputer on Earth is BlueGene / L which has a top speed of 478.2 teraflops .
Petaflop computers are expected to debut in the next release of the Top 500 list which is due in June .
The Pleiades Project , as Nasa has christened its updating project , will enlist the help of Intel and SGI to create the machine .
In a statement Ames Director Pete Worden said the supercomputing facility was needed to enable it " higher fidelity " modelling and simulation of future missions .
Nasa has used its current supercomputer to investigate the performance of hypersonic aircraft , simulate lander deployments and model fabrics for future spacesuits .
" This additional computational performance is necessary to help us achieve breakthrough scientific discoveries , " said Mr Worden .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
I had n’t seen much of the Vito Fossella story since late last week .
So I had n’t seen that Fossella ’s secret life was much more involved then I ’d realized .
At first I ’d thought that Fossella had simply had an extramarital affair in which he ’d fathered a child — not the most unusual story .
And it actually struck me as a point in his favor that he was actually trying to be a father in his daughter ’s life — something I still think is a point in his favor .
Remember , part of what tripped him up was that he ’d told the arresting officers in his DWI arrest that he was going to visit his daughter , who was sick .
He probably could have weathered having a female friend bail him out of jail .
Explaining what he meant by visiting his daughter was a bit more difficult .
Later of course it turned out that this was n’t an affair that was in the past : Fossella had an on - going relationship Laura Fay , the retired Air Force Colonel who mothered his child .
What I had n’t realized was that Fossella was juggling at a level usually reserved for the plot lines of thoroughly incredible hollywood movies .
Not only was Fossella keeping his wife and family in the dark about his girlfriend and child in Northern Virginia .
He was also keeping his girlfriend and child in Northern Virginia in the dark that he was still married and had a family in New York .
According to the Daily News , which has basically owned this story , Fossella had told Fay that he was separated from his wife .
And it was n’t until Fay saw a draft of his press release apologizing for the incident that she realized that he was actually still married .
" The Shell Game " author HITS CORPORATE MEDIA ( ABC Affiliate ) Gets a DOSE OF 9/11 TRUTH !!!
I have NEVER seen anyone putting forth 9/11 truth on corporate media get the kind of hearing Alten got this week !!
See the video NOW , before they take it down : http://abclocal.go.com/wpvi/media?id=6059274
In the above interview Alten urges Philadelphia ABC viewers to research 9/11 , read David Ray Griffin 's books , watch " Reflecting Pool , " visit 911 Truth.org , read Ruppert 's Crossing the Rubicon , etc. etc. as he expounds many of the hard 9/11 questions and facts we have fought for years to get onto corporate media !!
PLUS OTHER EXCITING NEWS RE : WEEK OF TRUTH :
The website is up !!
www.WeekofTruth.org PLEASE POST LINKS ON YOUR HOMEPAGES AND START ANNOUNCING IN EMAILS AND RADIO SHOWS .
ALSO , Alten makes a $ 5,000 guarantee to his publisher that 9/11 Truth groups will come through !
Also , Alten is having his publicist send out a series of Press Releases to 5,000 media outlets , as a donation to 911 Truth efforts ( see a proposed Press Release I drafted , below .
Suggestions / comments welcome ) .
Steve Alten , author of " The Shell Game " has guaranteed to his publisher that the 9/11 truth movement 's push during the " Week of Truth Buy - In , " will yield at least 10,000 sales or he will fund the $ 5,000 necessary to keep the book on front and center spaces in bookstores nationwide during April ( out of his own pocket ) .
He 's also invested another $ 900 in an ad for " Radio and TV Magazine " read by most media , to coincide with the " buy in week of truth . "
Alten 's efforts are meant to , not replace , but to add fuel to the 9/11 truth movement 's " Week of Truth " efforts !
Again , Alten plans to have his publicist send out several major Press Releases on the 9/11 truth movement to precede and during the " Week of Truth " efforts .
A press release idea I had is below .
Hoping to talk to you all on the ( 30 minute ) conference call this Monday , April 7 , 10 pm eastern / 7 west coast
DIAL IN NUMBER FOR THIS MONDAY , April 7 conference call is : 1-605-475-6300
Date : Monday , April 07 , 2008
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
Start Time : 10:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
End Time : 10:40 PM Eastern Daylight Time
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
Dial - in Number : 1 - 6 ...
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
Participant Access Code : 87415
Bill Douglas
PRESS RELEASE I WROTE ( COMMENTS / SUGGESTIONS
WELCOME ) :
By Andrew Luck - Baker
BBC Radio 4 , Palau
Dense rafts and slicks of pink coalesced all around the boat
The annual mass spawning of corals on the Palau archipelago in the western Pacific has occurred right on cue .
With Sunday night 's full moon , coral polyps let forth a huge swathe of sperm and egg , to seed the next generation .
The event was short - lived - only about 30 minutes - but so vast in its scale that it turned the sea water pink .
Scientists from Palau , Australia and the UK are studying the practicality of collecting coral larvae to help restore damaged reefs elsewhere .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
As we got into the boat for our trip to Luke 's reef , I admit I was not really expecting to see the mass spawning on the exact night of the full Moon .
All the visiting scientists here thought it was more likely the reproductive extravaganza would happen the next evening or the following one - based on what had happened the last two years .
The only person who seemed sure it would happen on cue was Steven Victor , the Palauan director of the Palau International Coral Reef Center .
Local knowledge was spot on , as it turned out .
Almost as soon as the boat engine switched off , we got a sense that something might be brewing .
I was snorkelling in what looked like a reverse snow storm of orange and pink particles
Andrew Luck - Baker
Catching a spectacular moment
There was a faint fishy whiff in the air , and then in the torchlight , one , then two orange particles - coral spawn - suspended in the water .
Scanning from the other side of the boat , the excitement went up another notch - a steady stream of orange spat was rising to the surface in one small isolated patch .
Scuba gear was flung on and the marine biologists were overboard .
I paddled on the surface with snorkel , mask and diving torch , watching the scientists check the coral colonies on the reef bed five metres below .
The minutes ticked by - lots of them .
If our first stream of spawn was the warm up act , was the main attraction having a mighty tantrum and refusing to come on tonight ?
Apparently not .
Sonia Bejarano , from the University of Exeter , UK , surfaced with an update .
A great many of the branching table corals and stag horn corals - the chief reef builders - were close to spawning .
The little egg and sperm bundles were visible in the open mouths of most of the individual coral polyps of each colony .
Depending on the size of the colony , the number of tiny sea anemone - like polyps ranges from hundreds to thousands .
At 8.29 pm the mass spawning began .
Across the reef , polyps contracted into their stony skeletons .
Spawn particles popped out of their mouths .
Because the egg and sperm bundles contain waxy yolk , they are buoyant and rise in the water column .
Within minutes , I was snorkelling in what looked like a reverse snow storm of orange and pink particles .
It became thicker and thicker as more and more colonies across the reef fired their latest shots at founding a new generation .
The spawn just kept coming - the sea was becoming a pink soup .
Pink was emerging as the dominant colour .
Akin to taramosalata
There was a rising pale rose particle for every cubic centimetre of seawater at least .
Above water , the odour of spawn was also thick in the air - it smelt like taramosalata , the pink Greek dish made of fish roe .
I spent most of the time in a state of amazement at the surface but I managed to get down a couple of times to the reef bed to see a colony close - up as it released its spawn .
Profusions of pink blobs , each with a little tail of mucus , wafted from the antler branches of a stag horn colony .
The reef fish were also excited .
Earlier most of them were hidden , lurking in dark crevices and overhangs for safety away from night - time predators .
But with the spawn bonanza , many threw caution to the winds and came out to feast .
Back on the boat , Peter Mumby , also from Exeter , estimated it was about half hour from the time the first colony unleashed its spawn to the time the last one spewed forth to multiply .
The time it all started was almost exactly the same as the moment the mass spawning began the previous year he 'd visited Luke 's reef to video the event .
Somehow all the colonies are running with synchronised biological clocks .
A " pink soup " : Scooped from the sea
In some way not really understood by scientists , they are entrained by factors such as light levels and durations from the Sun and the Moon over a year and over individual months .
The result is they spawn within minutes of each other .
That synchrony is vital if you reproduce as most corals do .
The majority are hermaphrodites which release their eggs and sperm into the open water for fertilisation .
The chances they will have any offspring would be terrible if they did not have tight coordination so that eggs of one colony meet sperm from another .
By now , at the surface , the number of egg and sperm bundles was staggering .
Dense rafts and slicks of pink were coalescing all around the boat for as far as we could see .
The ripe smell of taramosalata hung in the air .
And we could see the water below the floating spawn begin to cloud up .
Seawater was penetrating every spawn particle - breaking apart separate compartments of eggs and sperm .
The visibility was falling as billions of coral sperm were liberated for fertilisation .
Andrew Luck - Baker is preparing a Frontiers programme to be broadcast on BBC Radio 4 on Monday 26 May .
The programme will also be broadcast on Discovery on the BBC World Service .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Some years ago , a friend asked me to write about how I manage my time .
It seemed to him I was doing a good job of it , given that I had time to pursue my interests .
It ’s something I tried to do consciously .
Every few years , I used to go down the route of “ time management ” .
I ’d read stuff and try it out .
But over time , I ’ve come to believe that “ time ” is not really “ manageable ” .
Think about it : are most of your actions planned ?
Me , I just react out of habit , no matter how well planned I try to be .
What I do is largely driven by what I ’m in the habit of doing .
Not that time management advice is useless , but you ’ll end up not following most of it .
You act on a fraction of what you read .
A fraction of that turns into a habit .
That ’s still useful .
But the point is , rather than pick up 10 tips on time management , it ’s more useful to pick one or two pieces of advice that you like , and are likely to act on .
( You wo n’t do things you do n’t like anyway . )
So time management is about acquiring habits that save time ( and is not about reading tips that are tough to habitualise ) .
That begs an obvious question and a subtle one .
The obvious one is what habits save time ?
The subtle one is why save time ?
Why save time ?
You ’ve probably heard the phrase “ time is money ” .
For a while , I took that statement literally .
I tried to act by assigning monetary value to my time , and by doing the most profitable thing .
I was making Rs 10,000 a month at that time .
That ’s about Rs 50 an hour .
So I figured I would n’t do anything that earned me less than Rs 50 an hour outside of work .
I mean , if I ’m making Rs 50 an hour at work , why should I make any less outside ?
One small hitch .
I was n’t making any money outside of work .
In fact , I was spending money .
So unless I took up a night job , or started freelancing , that rule of thumb was useless .
( Besides , I did n’t want to spend time outside of work working .
I wanted to have fun .
Watch movies , for instance . )
So I needed a different way of handling this .
If I spend 3 hours at a movie for Rs 60 , that could be a benchmark .
If something ’s more expensive than Rs 20 / hour , I ’d rather watch a movie .
If it ’s less expensive , I ’d do that .
Take books , for instance .
A typical novel would cost Rs 180 and I ’d finish it in 12 hours .
At Rs 15 / hour it ’s a more economical way of spending time .
Except that it does n’t quite work that way .
How much fun I had , had nothing to do with how much I paid for it .
Frankly , in daily life , I do n’t think you can treat the phrase “ time is money ” literally .
Time has nothing to do with money .
Time is like money in a different way , though .
By itself , it is n’t worth much .
Think about it .
What can you do with money ?
Buy stuff you like .
And if you can’t , it ’s useless .
If all you need is onion soup , why throw it out for sesterii ?
Time ’s like that .
What can you do with time ?
Do stuff you like .
And if you can’t , it ’s useless .
There are usually two reasons people want to manage time .
One is where they do n’t enjoy something , and would rather spend as little time at it as possible .
But look , if you do n’t enjoy that stuff , time management is n’t your problem .
You need to get out of your job or whatever .
Managing time more efficiently is simply going to let you efficiently waste your time .
( Though in the short run , that ’s probably the best you can do — efficiently get rid of nuisances .
I ’ll talk about that shortly . )
The other reason is where they have too many ( enjoyable ) things to do , and ca n’t do all of them .
But hey , if you have too much enjoyable stuff , you do n’t have a problem !
In a way , this is like wanting to buy many things and not having enough money .
With money , you can earn more or wish for less .
With time , you just have to wish for less .
( Living longer may not be a practical option . )
Just pick anything you like to do .
Do n’t regret the stuff you can’t .
You only have 24 hours , and you ’re among the lucky few who can fill it with things you enjoy .
So , I ’m effectively saying , there ’s no point trying to do things more efficiently in the long run .
Picking what you do is more important than doing it efficiently .
( That roughly correlates to the third habit in Stephen Covey ’s Seven Habits : Put First Things First .
It ’s the key to time management . )
So , how do you pick what to do ?
You ’d probably want to pick something that you like , or something that ’s good for you .
But it ’s tricky to predict what you like .
We do n’t know what we want .
Sometimes , it ’s as simple as that — we just do n’t know what we ’d like to do .
Sometimes , it ’s as simple as that — we just do n’t know what we ’d like to do .
Too much of anything …
I love watching movies , but I ’ve never managed to watch more than 4 a day .
I ’ve tried breaking that record many times .
Just does n’t work .
At the end of the 4 th movie , I ’m sick and my bum is sore .
Do I prefer movies to cleaning up ?
Usually .
But by the end of the 4 th , I ’d rather clean up .
I love watching movies , but I ’ve never managed to watch more than 4 a day .
I ’ve tried breaking that record many times .
Just does n’t work .
At the end of the 4 movie , I ’m sick and my bum is sore .
Do I prefer movies to cleaning up ?
Usually .
But by the end of the 4 , I ’d rather clean up .
Preferences are not consistent .
I prefer a 7 megapixel camera to a 2 megapixel one .
I prefer a cheaper camera to a more expensive one .
So between a $ 100 2 MP camera and a $ 200 7 MP camera , I ’m just making a wild guess .
I prefer a 7 megapixel camera to a 2 megapixel one .
I prefer a cheaper camera to a more expensive one .
So between a $ 100 2 MP camera and a $ 200 7 MP camera , I ’m just making a wild guess .
Preferences are not static .
If I ’m tired , I ’d rather watch a movie I ’ve seen before .
If not , I ’ll experiment with an art film .
There ’s no telling beforehand what my mood is going to be at any point .
It ’s just as tricky to figure out what ’s good for us .
We have no clue what will happen tomorrow .
We have no clue what consequences our actions will have .
( Read The Black Swan to get a flavour of that . )
So we ’re really guessing and groping — though sometimes with a lot of confidence .
On the whole , it ’s difficult to figure out what to pick .
So what do you do ?
This is completely outside the realm of time management .
This is about choice .
I have a few ( bad ) habits that guide me .
Follow your moods
Work less Procrastinate
Those are my principles .
( But like Groucho Marx , I do have others . )
Follow your moods
There are times when people do certain things better .
I ’ve heard some people study best early in the morning .
Others study best late at night .
I do n’t know if there ’s any physiological benefit one way or the other , but even if it ’s psychological , it makes a huge difference to study when you think you ’ll learn better .
Sometimes I ’m in a mood to write articles .
When I do , the article usually writes itself .
If not , I could spend days at it without any progress .
If there ’s any reality to this , then the best thing to do is to do what you feel like doing .
You ’ll naturally accomplish this faster .
That ’s typically what I do when I ’m given any work .
I usually wait until I just feel like it .
Then it ’s usually a matter of a few hours before the job is done .
Sometimes the mood does n’t quite arrive before the deadline , in which case there ’s always inspiration .
Seriously : do what you feel like doing the most at the moment .
That ’s a great way of becoming more efficient .
In fact , I would go as far as saying , mood management is more important than time management .
Moods are more precious than time .
If you ’re in a mood to call people , pick up the phone and talk to folks you ’ve been out of touch with .
That mood is rarer than the time to make calls .
( At least for me , the reason I am not in touch is because I ’m not in a mood — not because I do n’t have time . )
Optimise that mood .
Do what you ’re in a mood for .
And when your mood changes , go with the flow .
Do a lot more of what you feel like doing .
You ’ll do more ( which is probably good ) , and of what you like ( which is certainly good ) .
Work less
I ’ve talked about this in Less is more .
At the end of the day , 90 % of the stuff you do is useless .
So why do it ?
Just focus on the 10 % .
Procrastinate
I ca n’t put this better than Paul Graham ’s article on procrastination .
Good procrastination is avoiding errands to do real work .
You wo n’t know what the important 10 % until much later , so you may as well wait to find out if it ’s important , and then do things .
So what am I saying ?
Time management is about habits , not tips
Picking what you do is more important than doing it efficiently
But it ’s difficult to figure out what to pick
So avoid doing stuff until you know it ’s worth doing
Work when you ’re in the mood — it ’s faster that way
Think about it .
Not content to botch immigration policy all by itself , Congress has handed large parts of the job to others to mishandle .
It gave the homeland security czar the czarist powers to overturn any law and ignore any court to seal the border .
Now Michael Chertoff is clear - cutting a forest of regulations to wall out Mexico by the end of the year .
And through the program known as 287 ( g ) , his agency is parceling out duties to a growing number of local police and sheriff ’s departments , raising an army of junior deputies in the war on illegal immigrants .
To see how unhinged things have become , it pays to zero in on the squalid doings in Maricopa County , Ariz .
It is home to Phoenix , the country ’s fifth - largest city , and the largest 287 ( g ) program anywhere .
It is run by the county sheriff , Joe Arpaio , who has built a national reputation for toughness through years of cruelty to prison inmates and an insatiable appetite for publicity .
Where most departments have only handfuls of officers trained to enforce federal immigration laws , Sheriff Joe , as he is known , has 160 .
Their efforts are supplemented by what the sheriff says , without apology , is a 3,000 - member “ posse . ”
For months now , Sheriff Joe has been sending squads of officers through Latino neighborhoods , pulling cars over for broken taillights or turn - signal violations , checking drivers ’ and passengers ’ papers and arresting illegal immigrants by the dozen .
Unconscionably Excessive Stamp Prices ?
Over the last 89 years , the average retail price of gasoline has increased almost 14X , from 25.5 cents per gallon in 1919 to $ 3.517 per gallon in 2008 , according to annual price
data from the EIA
.
Over the same period , the price of a first - class stamp in the U.S. has increased 21X , from 2 cents in 1919 to 42 cents in 2008 ( starting Monday , May 12 ) , according to historical stamp price
data available here
.
The chart above compares the two prices using an index that is equal to 100 in 1919 for both series .
If stamp prices had increased over time at " only " the rate of gas prices , a first - class stamp would only cost only 27.6 cents today instead of 42 cents .
When gas prices rose last year , Rep. Bart Stupak ( D. - MI ) introduced " The Federal Price Gouging Prevention Act , " which would make it a crime to " sell crude oil or gasoline at a price that is unconscionably excessive . "
Should n't we now investigate " unconscionably excessive stamp prices " ?
Monopoly has its privileges .
A few weeks back , I was looking through my traffic logs and found someone who came across my article “ The Power of Christ Compels You ” via the following Google search :
http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&q=applying+the+blood+of+jesus+against+evil+people
I ’m guessing my article was n’t what this person was looking for , so I ran the search myself and found the following essay : How to Plead the Blood of Jesus for Deliverance and Protection .
This remarkable essay is founded on a deep belief in what I can only call Christian magic .
It claims that “ pleading the blood of Jesus ” , a specific type of prayer which it explains precisely how to conduct , will create supernatural protection for the life and possessions of the claimant against real - world disasters .
It helpfully lists the basic things that a Christian can invoke the blood of Jesus to magically protect : your house ( “ will help protect you against fires , break - ins , burglaries , natural catastrophes or any type of bad accidents ” ) , your car ( “ will help prevent you from getting into any serious auto accidents , along with helping to prevent any break - ins or theft of your car ” ) , your finances ( “ will help protect you from all of the scammers and con artists that are out there trying to scam and steal all of your hard earned money ” ) , your children ( “ will help protect them from any possible abductions , serious accidents or life - threatening illnesses ” ) , and yourself , to personally protect you against all of these catastrophes .
Unbelievably , the site even claims that this spell will protect against earthquakes , tornadoes , lawsuits , and plane crashes !
The site insists that , like any good magic spell , the words must be spoken precisely and specifically :
You will have to Plead the Blood on each of the above six items to get God ’s full protection on it .
You have to be very specific on the things that you will want covered and protected under His Blood .
Evidently , despite being omniscient and presumably knowing what people need , God parses all prayers like a lawyer does a contract , only granting the exact boons the believer asks for .
It even adds the specific magical gestures that help the believer ’s spell work most effectively :
The other thing that you can do is to hold out your right hand , palm facing forward when actually Pleading the Blood .
The Bible tells us that the right hand of God is His hand of power and deliverance .
When you Plead the Blood , you are going on the offensive .
By holding out your right hand when Pleading the Blood on the basics , you are showing God that you mean serious business with Him , and that you have every intention of pulling down
His divine supernatural protection to cover you on all of the basics that you are Pleading the Blood of His Son on .
as well as how long the magical protection lasts :
I have personally found out the hard way that if I want God ’s full protection on all of the above items – that I have to Plead the Blood on the night before the beginning of the next month .
In other words , if I want God ’s protection for the month of May , then I have to Plead the Blood on all of the above on the last day of April .
I ’d suggest to the authors of this site that they try testing their magical powers in a controlled fashion to see if they have any effect whatsoever distinguishable from chance , but I suspect few theists ’ beliefs are as blissfully uncontaminated by evidence as the writer of this essay .
As with all believers in magic , Christians who use these spells will remember the hits and forget the misses , attributing the inevitable failures of prayer to some sin in their lives or simply to a change in God ’s unknowable will .
The terminally superstitious may use these magical beliefs as a crutch to help them get through their daily lives , but it is a crutch that is only hobbling them further , when they would do far better to stand and walk on their own two feet .
Illegal To Use Nonlethal Self - Defense If You Can Safely Retreat ?
A substantial minority of American states allows people to use lethal force in self - defense ( against a reasonably perceived threat of death , serious injury , rape , or some other serious crimes ) only when the person can't avoid the danger by safely retreating .
This requirement — which is sometimes called a " duty to retreat , " but is really a limitation of the right to self - defense — generally does n't apply when the defender is in his own home , and does n't apply when retreat would be unsafe :
For instance , a defender does n't have to turn his back on an assailant with a gun in order to retreat .
But the theory is that when a safe retreat is possible , the use of lethal force is no longer necessary to avoid the threat , and therefore no longer justifiable .
Better that the defender feel obligated to retreat than that even a guilty attacker get killed .
Better that the defendant retreat than that there be a shootout which needlessly injures or kills bystanders , or leads to vendettas .
And better that the " defender " retreat than kill someone in ostensible self - defense , but an ostensible self - defense that could be used as a cover for outright murder , for instance if the supposed defender really was n't in danger , but made up the self - defense story ( especially likely when the other witnesses to the confrontation are either the " defender " 's buddies or are dead ) .
The majority of American states disagrees , probably based on a combination of factors : that limiting self - defense this way interferes with defenders ' liberty by denying them the right to stay where they have the right to be and at the same time defend themselves against illegal attack ; that limiting self - defense this way interferes with defenders ' dignity by forcing them to run away from danger ; and that in practice it 's so hard to determine when retreat is really safe that it 's better not to second - guess defenders ' judgment to stand their ground .
In those states , lethal self - defense may be used against a reasonably perceived threat of death , serious bodily injury , rape , and some other serious crimes even when the defendant had the opportunity to safely retreat .
My understanding is that some states have recently shifted to the no-duty - to - retreat camp .
But it turns out that in a few states , it 's illegal to use even nonlethal self - defense if you can safely retreat .
The treatises report that this is a very small minority view ; even the Model Penal Code , which firmly endorses not just a duty to retreat but also a duty to give in to certain threats as a limit on lethal self - defense , rejects a duty to retreat before using nonlethal self - defense .
Still , it appears that Iowa and possibly Minnesota ( plus perhaps a few other states ) take this view .
This means that if someone threatens you in a public place — even with just a fistfight — you are not entitled to defend yourself , again even only with your fists , if you are able to retreat safely .
Your legal right to stay where you want to stay can thus practically be constrained by any bully who threatens you with a fight , even if you think you could physically defend yourself .
Someone does n't like your being with a date of a different race ( or of the same sex ) and threatens to beat you up if you do n't leave a bar ( or a street corner ) ?
You have to leave , or if you stay and he starts beating you you would be guilty of assault if you defend yourself .
Someone is just a bully who wants to have the fun of making you do what he asks ( which is to get away from him ) ?
Same situation .
A case in point , from an Iowa court [ UPDATE : link fixed ] : Michael Mette , an off - duty Chicago police officer , was sentenced to 5 years in prison in Iowa for punching Jake Gothard in the face , which led Gothard to fall , hit his head , and be seriously ( though apparently not permanently ) injured .
Gothard had a blood alcohol level of .270 when he got to the hospital .
The judge agreed that Gothard and a friend of his were going after Mette and five of his friends , outside of Mette 's house .
The judge agreed that " It was reasonable under the circumstances to believe that harm might come to [ Mette or his friends ] . "
Mette and his friends were not the aggressors .
( They may have behaved badly in one respect , which is by taking Gothard 's cell phone out of his hand and leaving it in Jake 's mailbox , but the judge did n't seem to conclude that this was what made Mette 's later actions unjustified . )
The evidence the judge related seemed to say , without contradiction , that Mette had hit Gothard only once , and that Gothard had just " pushed [ Mette ] at least two times , maybe three . "
Yet the judge convicted Mette ( who had opted for a trial without a jury ) simply because " the defendant failed ... to retreat ... or walk away and call the police about the disturbance .
Because of his failure to take these steps , the court cannot find that the self - defense justification is available to permit the striking of [ Gothard ] . "
That seems to me wrong :
Mette should not have been under a legal obligation to either ( 1 ) leave the street where he had every right to be , or ( 2 ) surrender the right to self - defense if he did n't leave the street .
Perhaps the result should be different when one is using lethal force , though I 'm not sure ; and I realize that even seemingly nonlethal punches can end up being lethal ( or can end up escalating a fight into something more lethal ) .
But on balance , it seems right that the duty to retreat has been almost everywhere rejected as to nonlethal force :
It in effects allows bullies far too much legal authority to constrain people 's freedom .
Still , State v. Washington , 160 N.W.2d 337 ( Iowa 1968 ) , which seems to still represent Iowa law , does indeed put Mette in precisely that position .
See also State v. Baker , 160 N.W.2d 240 ( Minn. 1968 ) .
Mette is apparently appealing ; let 's hope Iowa courts will revise or limit the duty to retreat on appeal .
Thanks to Sean O'Brien for the pointer ; thanks also to this Chicago Tribune opinion column by John Kass for providing an account of the situation , though I recommend that people who are interested in the facts of the case read the judge 's opinion .
UPDATE : Thanks to commenter ak47 pundit for pointing me to a recent Michigan law that generally abolished the duty to retreat , including the duty to retreat before using nonlethal force ; I had originally mentioned Michigan as a state in which such a duty might exist , but have since removed that reference .
Return to Transcripts main page CNN LARRY KING LIVE Interview With Barbara Bush Aired October 22 , 2003 - 21:00 ET THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT .
THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED .
LARRY KING , CNN HOST : Tonight , Barbara Bush , the former first lady and current president 's mother , her first live TV interview for her new memoir , " Reflections : Life After the White House . "
She 's here for the hour , in - depth and personal .
The one and only Barbara Bush is next on LARRY KING LIVE .
We 're at the beautiful Houstonian Hotel in Houston , Texas , the home for six months of the year for Barbara Bush and her husband , the former President George Bush .
She 's the author of a terrific new memoir , " Barbara Bush : Reflections : Life After the White house . "
There you see its cover .
Published by Scribner .
She is our own living Abigail Adams , wife of a president , mother of a president .
Why did you write this ?
BARBARA BUSH , FMR .
FIRST LADY : Well , I wrote it because I keep a diary .
And I wrote it because people ask us all the time , What happens to old presidents and what do they do ?
Well , that 's a good question .
George Bush does everything .
KING : I know .
I had lunch with him today in between traveling somewhere .
BUSH : That 's right .
He makes my life sing .
And a lot of funny things happen .
A lot of good things happen .
And I keep a diary , so it 's not too hard .
KING : Have you always been a diarykeeper ?
BUSH : Pretty much .
Or write long letters and keep them , using that sort of as a diary .
KING : Do you look back often at what you wrote 10 years ...
BUSH : No .
No -- and I 'm sort of surprised .
I forget , needless to say .
But what it really reminds me , Larry , is that I 'm the world 's luckiest woman .
I 've had the most wonderful experiences , and I -- one day , I woke up , and I looked at the television .
I had met , in the two hours of whatever morning show I was watching -- I 'd met every single person on that show except for Yasser Arafat , who I then later met .
I mean , George Bush has brought me that kind of life .
So it was sort of fun to write .
KING : Blessings .
BUSH : That 's right .
KING : You -- it has been said in the " Newsweek " article that they had to take quite a few things out of the book .
BUSH : I read that , and now -- that really was n't quite true .
They were protecting me from being sued .
But ...
KING : Were you pretty rough on some people ?
BUSH : No , I really was n't .
But they just wanted to be sure that -- today is such a suing world .
And having written a book 10 years ago , when nobody hardly mentioned being sued , suddenly -- are you sure that 's true ?
And I said , no , I 'm not sure it 's true , but it 's true according to my diary .
And we were very -- we checked our facts very carefully .
I thought that was sort of a funny statement because , in truth , I do n't really think that was ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) .
KING : And you can also -- I mean , you 're critical of some people .
And you can have opinions about them .
BUSH : That 's right .
KING : You would n't be Barbara Bush without opinions , would you ?
BUSH : No .
You would n't be Larry without opinions , would you , Larry ?
KING : You have to have them .
How else do we exist ?
BUSH : That 's right .
KING : You have to have opinions .
But you do n't slander anybody .
BUSH : No , I do n't think so .
KING : All right .
Your recent comments on the Democratic presidential ...
BUSH : Is n't that funny ?
I knew that was going to come up .
KING : Oh , I want to discuss a lot of things .
You said so far , they 're a pretty sorry group .
BUSH : Well , you know , mothers are allowed to be proud of their sons .
And it gets a little old when 10 grown men run around the country not talking about what they 're going to do , but knocking my precious , courageous , brilliant son .
That 's a mother speaking .
KING : What 's the biggest difference from being the husband -- being the wife of a president and the mother of a president ?
BUSH : Well , first of all , you have to watch the father of the president suffer .
And it hurts when your children are criticized .
It hurts a lot .
KING : He takes it badly ?
BUSH : He and I both do .
He -- he curses , and I grit my teeth .
But , no , he really -- he knows that 's the name of the game .
But it gets pretty ugly .
KING : But was it harder for you ...
BUSH : Much .
KING : ... when he -- when the current president is criticized than when the husband was criticized ?
BUSH : Right .
KING : How do you explain it -- motherly ?
BUSH : Motherly .
And fatherly .
I mean , that 's just a normal reaction .
But the same would be true if something happened that was difficult for Jeb or for Doro or Neil or Marvin .
And you can criticize me , but do n't criticize my children and do n't criticize my daughters - in - law and do n't criticize my husband , or you 're dead .
KING : You mentioned Jeb .
Would it surprise you if he one day attains higher office ?
BUSH : I 'm not sure Jeb is interested in that .
He certainly is brilliant and could do anything he wanted .
I 'm just not sure that 's what he has in mind .
KING : Because years ago , it was -- they say it was he would be the one ...
BUSH : You were saying that .
KING : Not me .
BUSH : You , the media .
You , the media .
KING : I was n't .
They .
BUSH : They were saying that .
We were n't .
I never thought any of them would be president .
Come on .
But Jeb is certainly very , very capable .
And he 's certainly the most compassionate , loving -- you can tell I do n't like him .
KING : How 's his daughter doing ?
BUSH : She 's great .
She 's doing -- she 's working , and she 's really ...
KING : I mean , she had her problems .
Is yours the kind of family that comes together ?
BUSH : Everybody does .
That 's -- and , you know , it makes -- it 's horrible , but it makes you understand what other people have gone through for years .
There 's not a family in America that has n't had that problem , and this is the most precious , loving -- there 's not a mean bone in this child 's body , and so ...
KING : It also shows you that anyone in any circumstance can become influenced or addicted to something .
BUSH : That 's right .
And a lot of times it 's -- you know , the peer group , or a lot of times it 's some -- just some -- something you do n't even know .
But there 's a lot of help out there for people , and she 's doing very , very well .
KING : The press was very kind generally to Chelsea during the Clinton administration .
BUSH : They 've been kind to our children .
KING : They 've been kind to your children too .
And kind to the president 's two daughters , have n't they ?
BUSH : Oh , yes , they have been .
They have been .
The girls have been -- they 're wonderful girls .
They 're both seniors at college now , and they 're thinking about what life is going to hold for them , what jobs they 're going to have .
And we took them on a trip this year , and with a big group of old people .
And they just were the life of the party .
They were cute and fun .
And you know , George loves to march up and down hills , and he had those girls up early and march marching .
KING : By the way , George looks amazing .
He 's going to be 80 next June .
He looks unbelievable .
BUSH : Well , he is unbelievable .
KING : What is his secret ?
BUSH : Married well .
KING : We got lots of things to talk about tonight , Barbara .
The book is " Reflections . "
We 're going to take a break and come back and discuss lots of aspects of the life of Barbara and George Bush since leaving the presidency .
We 're in Houston .
Do n't go away .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) GEORGE HERBERT WALKER BUSH , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES : I , George Herbert Walker Bush , do solemnly swear that I will faithfully execute the office of president of the United States .
And will , to the best of my ability , preserve , protect and defend the Constitution of the United States , so help me God .
WILLIAM REHNQUIST , CHIEF JUSTICE OF THE UNITED STATES : Congratulations .
G.H.W. BUSH : Thank you .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
KING : We 're back with Barbara Bush .
Lots of things to talk about , about her terrific new book " Reflections . "
Election night , your son 's election night .
BUSH : I know .
KING : What was that long night like ?
BUSH : It was a long night .
But , you know , I saw sort of interesting things .
My two older sons really were very close that night , and they were -- I mean , I think Jeb was just sick .
He thought he'd let George down , and George was really wonderful about really not blaming Jeb .
Not that he would have anyway , but they were just great .
And that made me feel good .
You know , for one glorious half hour , I was the mother of the president - elect .
I 've often wondered what would have happened if George W. had walked out , said to his people , look , you 've been standing there in the rain forever , it 's 3:00 in the morning , Al Gore has very graciously called me .
I 'm going to come out in the morning , and we 'll discuss the future plans .
I am the president - elect .
What would have happened ?
KING : What would have happened ?
BUSH : I do n't know .
It would have saved America a lot of agony .
KING : You praise Vice President Gore in the book .
You said he acted with class .
BUSH : He did .
He was very gracious , and he was a good sport .
And went out of his way to speak to Jen , and meet Jen and Barbara and Laura and me .
And he was just very gracious .
And you know it hurts to lose .
KING : You know that .
BUSH : Only three times or so .
But it does hurt to lose .
And you can sort of tell something when somebody does -- handles that situation as well as he did .
KING : How well do you -- so class is how well you handle it ?
It 's easy to handle victory .
BUSH : That 's right .
KING : Victory is n't hard to handle .
There is no greater loss , though than the loss of a child , right ?
BUSH : Oh , absolutely .
KING : And you lost a child ?
BUSH : That 's right .
George and I did .
KING : She was , what , 4 ?
BUSH : Almost 4 , and beautiful and loving .
We do a lot of things -- you know , we do a lot of cancer work because of Robin .
KING : She died of cancer ?
BUSH : Leukemia .
And a lot of people have given money because of Robin .
And I went out today and planted a Robin Bush tree at Bo's Place , which is a wonderful house here for children who have lost somebody , to get together , and their families , and have people listen to them .
KING : Dealing with loss , how did you deal with it ?
BUSH : I had a great husband .
He had a terrible time when she was sick , but he was OK .
And I was , she says immodestly , very strong , and I just broke up terribly .
And George refused to let me stop , just refused .
But it hurt .
I mean , it hurt like a physical pain for both of us .
KING : And you never really get over it ?
BUSH : You think you 're over it , and then you find yourself weeping .
But now we weep , I think , because of nice things that have happened because of Robin .
Truthfully .
KING : So people have been helped because of her pain ?
BUSH : That 's right .
And , you know , it 's very hard , Larry , when something terrible happens , unless you make it something good come out of it , then a whole life is wasted .
Nobody will remember her and think about her .
And I feel good about Robin now .
Now .
KING : Do you worry a lot about what the society 's become ?
BUSH : Yes .
KING : Tabloids and screaming and anger .
BUSH : Yes .
Of course , we get , I guess , what we ask for .
We all watch or read or see .
Life has changed enormously , and I hope -- I hope more people read good things .
KING : You 're a reader and I 'm never ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) you 're always ...
BUSH : Yes , but I 'm not reading as good books as I should these days , because I want to get through this election .
You know , I 'm like ...
KING : You 're worried now ?
BUSH : Sure .
They 've been campaigning six months against him .
KING : Yeah .
But you 've got until -- worry next summer .
BUSH : No , no , I 'm worrying now .
But I 'm like the man who went into the travel agency , and he said , look , I do n't care where the cruise goes , bring me back after the election 's over .
That 's what I 'm for .
KING : Because you write in the book , you write about the time I moderated the South Carolina debate with your son , against John McCain , and how you could not watch .
BUSH : I could n't , no .
And did you moderate that ?
I did n't know .
KING : I sure did .
You 've left the room .
BUSH : I did .
KING : Walked out on LARRY KING LIVE .
BUSH : That 's right .
KING : But George kept watching ?
BUSH : George does n't miss a thing .
You know , you did do something , not campaign - wise , but you had George on after the Guatemala terrible earthquake and mudslides and floods .
And you did the most marvelous thing .
Do you know that Ameri-cares and the American Red Cross , because of your program , and you showed the pictures , and you were wonderful , and you ran the telephone numbers .
They got more money from that one program than they ever had before .
You should be very proud of that .
KING : I remember , your husband , we had a guarantee that that 's all we'd talk about , and we stuck to the guarantee .
BUSH : And that 's why I 'm here tonight , because you did that , truthfully .
KING : Really ?
I appreciate it .
BUSH : Because that was such a decent thing to do .
And you really -- you may not know how many people you helped , but you helped a ton .
KING :
By the way , when your husband turns 80 in June -- he talked me into this today at lunch .
We 're going to do two things .
BUSH : What ?
KING : I 'm going to jump with a parachute .
I know I said I 'd do it last time , but this time he 's got me arranged so I can go in tandem ...
BUSH : Oh , yeah .
KING : ... with a Navy helicopter man , he 's going to jump -- a Navy parachutist .
He 's going to jump solo , your husband .
BUSH : Of course .
KING : And I 'm going to jump in tandem .
And as soon as we land , we 're going to tape an interview for 20 minutes in our parachute suites that will play the next night on CNN .
BUSH : How great .
KING : So this will be in June .
I 'm going to jump with your husband .
BUSH : June -- it 's June 13 .
And then you know ...
( CROSSTALK )
BUSH : You know that that 's going to raise $ 30 million .
So you 're doing some more good .
KING : I 'm happy to do it .
But how do you feel about him jumping ?
BUSH : I think it 's great .
He loves jumping .
They wo n't --
I mean , he is well trained for it , and he ...
KING : But he 's got to pull that thing , and it 's still got to open .
BUSH : Do n't worry .
I 've been told , whether it's a lie or not , that if you go a certain distance , it opens automatically .
But he 'll pull it .
Do n't you worry .
KING : So there 's no fear .
And in my case , the other guy will pull it .
BUSH : Other guy will pull it .
But George says that five minutes where you float down ...
KING : Five minutes ?
BUSH : That you float down after the chute 's open .
KING : Oh , after it opens .
I thought you said five minutes ...
BUSH : Oh , no .
KING : Good luck .
BUSH : Oh , no , that 's over .
But if you -- once you pull that chute , you can go faster or slower as you want .
He says that five minutes is heaven .
It 's so quiet and calm .
Now , I 'm afraid of high places .
I would no more do that than fly to the moon .
But ...
KING : Is yours still a love affair ?
BUSH : I do n't know about him , but I sure love him .
I think he 's the greatest man I ever knew .
I wake up every single morning and look over at that funny old face and say , I 'm the luckiest woman in the world .
That 's lucky , is n't it ?
You 're going to get me in tears .
KING : Have you had major arguments ?
BUSH : No .
We do n't agree on everything , but we 've learned after 58 years no point in -- I 'm stubborn .
KING : Did you always express your opinions to him ?
I mean , you did n't go public when you disagreed with him in the political area .
BUSH : I did n't disagree with him that much , but uh - huh .
KING : You do let him know how you feel .
You would n't be you if you did n't do that , right ?
BUSH : There 's that .
And he would n't be him if he did n't stick to his thoughts too .
KING : We 're going to take a break , and when we come back we 're going to ask where the Bushes were on 9/11 .
The book is " Reflections . "
Still lots more to go .
Do n't go away .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
BUSH : And a lot of people , mostly the press , ask if George W. was a rascal when he was growing up .
And the answer is of course not .
He was a perfect child .
GEORGE W. BUSH , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :
And mother , everybody loves you , and so do I .
Growing up , she gave me love and lots of advice .
I gave her white hair .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Congratulations .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
KING : We 're in Houston at the Houstonian Hotel .
Last time we were here , we interviewed her husband .
We are now talking with Barbara Bush , the author of " Reflections : Life After the White House , " just published by Scribner .
Great collection of photographs in the book as well .
OK , 9/11 .
BUSH : 9/11 .
KING : Where were you ?
BUSH : George and I had been at the white house that morning , kissed Laura good - bye .
George , as you know , George W. was in Florida .
And we flew off about 8:00 in the morning to go to Saint Paul -- Saint Paul , Minneapolis , whatever , Minnesota .
KING : The twin cities ?
BUSH : The twin cities is where we were going .
And we were both going to speak there and then fly down to Houston to open the big rally for the Texan football team .
Which we are big fans .
KING : The new team ?
BUSH : The new team .
And we were barely at the airplane , and I got out my computer and was writing , and George was reading the paper or something .
KING : Private or commercial ?
BUSH : Private .
And the man came back , and he said , bad news , they 've hit the twin tower .
And we were just barely absorbing that , saying how can a commercial plane hit -- and the next thing we knew , he said , it hit the next one , and it 's a terrorist attack .
So we stopped right then in Milwaukee , and we had a long day .
Now , we were luckier than most Americans because we had Secret Service , and some of our children had Secret Service , and Jeb had State Police .
So we knew where George was , and we knew where Laura was , and we knew where Jeb was .
And so eventually during the day we sat in this motel and checked with our children .
KING : Were any relatives in New York ?
BUSH : Fascinatingly enough , Marvin Bush , which we did n't know , was on a subway going down to Wall Street .
And about two blocks from the twin towers , the train was stopped , the subway was stopped .
He spent about an hour on the subway , and then they got them off , and they said -- up on a platform and out a funny door , I guess .
And they gave them a mask , and they said you turn right , and you just walk .
And Marvin said it was just the most extraordinary thing because they just all walked up -- he walked 70 blocks .
He said the people in New York were wonderful .
People offered them water when they got further up .
There were a lot of people who can't walk 70 blocks .
So there were people helping other people .
He said it was extraordinary .
Now , he did have a room in a hotel .
A lot of people did n't have that and were stuck .
KING : How soon before you spoke to your son George ?
BUSH : He called after he'd talked to , you know , his wife and his daughters .
And he called to see where we were .
When you have Secret Service ...
KING : You reach anybody anywhere ?
BUSH : You reach anybody who has them .
KING : How did he sound ?
BUSH : Well , he sounded -- George is a very -- he did n't sound frantic or -- he sounded worried .
Who would n't have .
I mean , the country 's under attack .
They do n't know whether they 're -- it 's a massive attack which it was certainly massive if you were there and for those poor people .
But he sounded fine .
I 've been -- I am prejudiced .
I admit I 'm prejudiced , but I think he 's shown remarkable strength , and courage and wisdom .
KING : During all this , were you worried for his safety or yours ?
BUSH : No .
No .
KING : You do n't think about security ?
BUSH : Why would I ? I 'm surrounded .
KING : Yes , but you could be surrounded , but John Kennedy said , if you want to kill someone , you can .
If you 're willing to give up your own life .
BUSH : I am sure that 's true .
But who wants to kill a fat , white - haired old lady ?
No , I 'm kidding .
That part I 'm not kidding about , but I am -- I think , when you 're 78 , which I am , and you 've had a great life , you worry about other people .
You do n't worry about your own security .
I mean , nobody 's had a better life than I have , and plan to keep on .
In my next book , I 'm going to tell you how great my life 's been .
KING : You 're in good health ?
BUSH : Yes .
KING : What do you make of terrorism ?
What do you make of this whole era ?
BUSH : I do n't know , but I think we 've had some bad fallout .
I mean , it 's -- we 've been wiping a whole group off when there are a few bad apples , and I 'm worried about that .
And I 'm worried about prejudice .
KING : Against the Muslims and others ?
BUSH : Against the Muslims , and I 'm worried about prejudice of any kind .
And it's an excuse to be prejudiced , I think .
I 'm worried about parents who are n't parenting .
I 'm worried about -- I like to worry .
That 's why I have white hair .
But I 'm worried about parents who are n't parenting , who are n't seeing what their children are doing and are n't listening to them .
I 'm worried about feeling that we feel we 're owed things .
We 're really not owed things .
KING : Coming to us ?
BUSH : It should n't come to us .
And I think that worries me a little bit .
But , boy , do I see a lot of good out there too .
Sometimes I say to George how come there 's so many people doing so many good things ?
In the end Hunger Network or the -- it 's just all over .
Christian ministries , whatever that people are doing .
How come there 's so many sad things going on ?
I mean , people are trying all over .
KING : You mention that you 're not so sure it 's fortunate to be like my sons , 4 and 3 years old today .
BUSH : Well , I just worry about how they can absorb all of this .
I mean , every day , as you were saying , you 're just hit , bombarded every single day with all the news that 's not fit to print .
Perfect example , I think , is the case of the basketball player who was accused of raping .
It 's more important than , you know , an Asian trip or a kids ' choir that 's won an award or -- if we have n't heard a lot about that , a lot about it .
And it 's much more than I want to know about it .
KING : So what are they going to grow up and see ?
It 's going to be more of it than less of it , right ?
BUSH : We 've got to see there 's less of it .
We 've got to see they can see the healthy things , the good things .
You know , the America 's promise , which Alma Powell is now heading ...
KING : Colin 's wife ?
BUSH : Yes .
And Colin started it .
But it has five goals , and they are to see that every child has a caring person , that every child has a safe place , that -- I 'm sure I 'm not going to remember them all .
That every child is fed and nourished , and that every child learns an occupation .
Learns to read , write , so that they can enter into the world .
And the fifth goal is that they turn around and serve .
Teach them to give back .
If that worked , we would have no troubles .
KING : No child deserves to be left back .
BUSH : Absolutely .
No child deserves to be left behind .
KING : They deserve a level playing field .
Barbara Bush is our guest .
The book is " Reflections . "
We 'll be right back .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
KING : We 're back with Barbara Bush .
The new book is " Reflections . "
This is a follow - up to " Barbara Bush : A memoir . "
Does this , like , continue from the memoir ?
Is that ...
BUSH : The continuous story .
KING : The continuous saga of Barbara Bush , part six .
BUSH : The lucky Barbara Bush .
KING : You miss your dog ?
BUSH : My dog is -- you mean I did n't -- the old dog ?
KING : The old dog .
BUSH : No .
KING : Who I interviewed ...
BUSH : You interviewed her , that 's right and -- no I do n't miss -- I loved Millie , but we have Sadie now .
And I really should have brought her , but I did n't .
We love Sadie .
KING : You mentioned all the people you meet .
Let 's run down some of them .
Your thoughts .
BUSH : All right .
Yikes .
KING : Tony Blair ?
BUSH : I like him very much .
I liked him before I knew what he -- how strong he was going to be for George , with George .
I liked him very much .
He 's charming , and his wife , Sherry , is very nice .
KING : Did you worry because he was so close to President Clinton ?
BUSH : No .
No . I mean , even I know a lot of good Democrats .
KING : Barbara !
BUSH : I do .
No , I did n't worry about that .
KING : And he 's certainly been staunch on Iraq .
BUSH : He has been .
No , he 's been wonderful .
As were many of the 10 people you mentioned that I did n't think so highly of .
Eight months ago , they were all saying , Look , we 've got to do this .
They 've got weapons of mass destruction .
Come on , Mr. President .
So that 's a little bit ...
KING : Do you think somewhere along the way , your son included might have been misled ?
BUSH : No , I do n't .
KING : You have faith that the information was correct ?
BUSH : Mm-hmm .
KING : So they 're still going to find things , in your opinion ?
BUSH : Well , they may not find them , because , my gosh , it 's a big sandy country .
But look what they did find in the sand .
They found thousands of bodies .
That 's enough for me .
I mean , this man was a mass murderer , and these people were just in agony .
And , incidentally , we keep getting messages from people who are over there helping to rebuild , saying , It is n't perfect at all , but there 's electricity .
There 's water .
There 's schools that are opening .
Girls are going to school .
I mean , there 's a lot of good going on there , none of which happened before .
So we just got to keep plugging away .
KING : Are you happy that some of the people from your husband 's administration are in your son's ?
BUSH : Well , sure .
You mean like Colin Powell , who 's my hero ?
KING : Rumsfeld .
BUSH : I like Rumsfeld .
I did n't know him that well .
I mean , I 've read today where someone criticized me because I did n't have Rumsfeld in the book .
Well , why would I ?
I have n't seen him in 10 years .
But , no , I 'm very happy with ...
KING : Why are you so high on Colin Powell ?
Ever since I 've known you , you 've talked about Colin Powell .
BUSH : I think Colin Powell probably has -- he's as close to Brent Scowcroft -- now , he might not like that .
But I think he ...
KING : General Scowcroft .
BUSH : General Scowcroft .
I mean , I think he has no personal agenda .
He loves his country .
He really wants to serve his country and his president .
I think that 's rare in the political world , truthfully , and I think Colin would have been much happier off doing , making money and being with his family .
But when his country called , he answered .
KING : It 's often been said that the one area you disagreed with many in the Republican Party was the question of choice .
BUSH : It 's often been said a lot of things .
KING : What is the truth ?
BUSH : It 's not your business .
KING : You do n't -- you do n't share your feelings on it ?
BUSH : Not particularly .
I 'm not an elected public official , and I support my husband and my children .
KING : But there are some things you wo n't take a stand on ?
BUSH : Absolutely .
I do n't think that 's should even be in politics , to tell you the honest truth .
KING : You do n't think the question should be in politics ?
BUSH : No .
And so I 'm just out of that .
Move on .
KING : OK .
That answers it , in a way , too , if we leave it out of politics .
And they banned the partial birth abortion today , and that was signed .
Or it will be signed .
BUSH : I do n't think I know anybody who believes in abortion in the last month or two .
I really do n't know anyone who does that .
KING : Your book , you write about David Gergen , an often sought - after commentator .
And you say , " self - serving . "
While he was with the Bush team in 1980 , while things looked good , he just took off the day that George lost in New Hampshire .
BUSH : Right .
KING : That hurt you .
BUSH : That what ?
KING : Hurt you .
BUSH : Well , it did .
I mean , he stayed with the Weintraub 's house , and we -- he was on our team .
That hurt .
KING : Your husband told me today he has a love - hate relationship with Maureen Dowd .
BUSH : He does ?
KING : Yes .
Not you .
Yours is not love - hate .
BUSH : No , I admire her writing .
KING : The writer of " The New York Times . "
BUSH : No .
I know who she is .
KING : No , I 'm telling it for the audience .
Some of them may not know .
BUSH : You mean none of you -- well , that will hurt her feelings .
I think she 's a great writer .
And I 'm -- and , you know , I wrote in the book that I liked her when she was against them and then not against us .
And I understand being against -- when I say against us , I mean George or George W .
I think she got a little off base , and I did n't always understand her , and that wo n't hurt her feelings .
But I just think she got sort of bitter , and I 'm sorry about that because she is a wonderful writer .
KING : You do n't write much about Bill Clinton .
BUSH : Well , why should I ?
I think I saw him twice during the 10 years .
KING : Oh , is that all ?
BUSH : Yes , Maybe once actually .
I think I saw him at the -- no , twice .
For the portrait unveiling , and I saw him at the -- you know , the 200th anniversary of the White House .
Very pleasant , very nice .
But I 'm certainly not going to write about him .
I hope he wo n't write about me either .
KING : What do you make of Hillary -- I mean , as a senator ?
BUSH : I think she 's probably a very good senator .
I do n't know .
KING : You do n't follow her daily doings ?
BUSH : No , I do not .
KING : Is there a Democrat among these 10 that you so feel about that you worry about ?
BUSH : No .
I 'm sort of a fatalist .
I mean , I think ...
KING : What will be , will be ?
BUSH : Well , I think -- who knows what 's going to happen .
Whoever dreamt 9/11 would happen ?
The economy is looking good .
But I 've given up getting excited about a little thing like the economy getting good .
I mean , who knows what 's going to happen in this world ?
So I 'm not going to worry about any of them .
KING : What was your son's inaugural like for you ?
BUSH : It was thrilling .
It was .
It was wonderful .
I was very proud of him and proud of Laura .
I think maybe Laura 's been the biggest surprise for America .
What a woman .
KING : We did n't know her .
BUSH : That 's right .
But we did in Texas .
She was the greatest governor 's wife ever .
I mean , she started a huge Texas book festival that 's going on next week or so , I think .
And it 's become an annual thing .
It 's very , very popular .
And then -- now , this sort of irritates me .
Laura Bush and the Library of Congress had 70,000 people celebrating the book and authors and reading on the mall in the 1st of September , around there sometime .
Did you read about that ?
KING : No .
BUSH : No .
And should you have read about it ?
Yes .
You heard about a basketball player who attacked a woman or maybe they think attacked a woman , allegedly attacked a woman .
I 'm trying to be politically correct .
KING : She turned George 's life around , did n't she , Laura ?
I mean , she helped him a great deal during tough periods .
BUSH : Yes , but his life was n't that tough .
But she made him perfect .
It was n't -- George was never a problem .
KING : No ?
BUSH : No .
KING : Well , straighten this out .
BUSH : He was n't .
And he really was not all these horrible things .
He brought that on himself , I think , truthfully , with all his Jack Daniels -- choose me or Jack Daniels , or whatever it was he said on maybe CNN .
But I think Laura has been a huge , gentle , wonderful influence on George .
She 's unbelievable .
And she 's always been -- I mean , we loved her from the moment we met her .
Everybody did .
KING : Do you ever think of your family in the terms of dynasty ?
BUSH : No , I do not .
We are far from perfect .
And no .
I mean , when I think about -- I thought about -- I thought you might ask me that , and I got to thinking , you know , who says that about the Roosevelts or the --
KING : Adamses -- those are the -- and the Kennedys .
BUSH : No , wait a minute .
And the Tafts .
KING : Tafts .
BUSH : No , wait .
We could go right down the line of father - son politicians to lesser jobs maybe .
But , I mean , they 're just -- it 's perfectly normal .
Arch Moore 's daughter , the governor of West Virginia -- his daughter 's now a Congresswoman .
I mean , you could just go right down the line sort of it's normal .
If your family serves -- I choose to think that serving in the Senate or the House or the mayor or a fireman is public service .
You 're certainly not paid enough to make it ...
KING : You mentioned how you like some Democrats .
We 've just learned ...
BUSH : Name one ?
KING : We 've just learned that Ted Kennedy has been selected to receive the 2003 George Bush Jr. Excellence in Public Service Award .
BUSH : George Bush Jr.?
KING : George H.W. Bush .
It says junior here .
George Bush -- for Excellence in Public Service on November 7 .
And it will be presented by your husband himself .
BUSH : That 's right .
George invited him about ten months ago .
It 's a little bit difficult since
Ted spoke out rather indiscriminately -- was that a good word ?
Anyway , certainly makes it a little bit difficult .
But he has served for many , many years as a Senator , and I think George felt he deserved it or whatever committee picked it .
You know , George always has the ranking committee .
I guess the ranking committee ranked him up there .
And I 'm certainly going to be there and welcome him .
KING : That 's what America 's about , is n't it ?
BUSH : That 's right .
KING : Our guest is Barbara Bush .
Her book is " Reflections . "
The publisher is Scribner .
Did you do a recording of it too ?
BUSH : Yes .
KING : You did the read ?
BUSH : And I wrote it too .
KING : I noticed .
There 's no co-author here .
BUSH : Sometimes people have co-authors and did n't put them in .
KING : What did you work with a word processor ?
BUSH : A little word processor .
KING : Do you type good ?
BUSH : No .
I type like this .
KING : One finger ?
BUSH : I work in two if I 'm real excited .
KING : Did your husband read this while it was being written ?
BUSH : Yes .
Chapter by chapter .
KING : Change anything ?
BUSH : No .
He -- that 's not fair .
Let 's see .
He did n't change anything .
He made suggestions of better words sometimes .
Because I would be -- sometimes I have trouble describing exactly what I mean .
KING : Your husband does n't hold anger , does he ?
BUSH : No. George Bush thinks -- and he 's right , although it 's much nicer to think the way I do , much more fun .
He thinks that it 's better to have a friend than an enemy .
And think about that .
That 's probably the best advice anybody would ever give you .
KING : Hard , though ?
BUSH : Sometimes .
But I do n't hold a grudge .
I just do n't see them .
KING : They 're just not around ?
BUSH : Just not around .
KING : We 'll be right back with more of Barbara Bush .
Do n't go away .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
BUSH : Now , our growing family has meant that our summer 's spent in Kennebunkport , Maine have been busier than ever .
Last year , we counted 131 overnight house guests , including , of course , all our children , grandchildren , friends of children , friends of grandchildren , friends of friends , and honest to Pete , two people we never even knew who they were .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
KING : We 're back with Barbara Bush , the former first lady .
The book is reflections .
Back to names : Schwarzenegger .
BUSH : Oh , I love him .
You mean Arnold ?
KING : No .
What other -- no , Phil .
BUSH : No , I love him .
They 've been friends of ours for a long time .
And loyalty is big in our family .
Arnold Schwarzenegger was there when George was campaigning , when things were good and when things were bad .
And I 'm very hopeful that he 'll surround -- I 'm sure he will -- with very good people .
You know , it 's a terrible job .
I mean , it 's a big state with many problems .
So I 'm hoping that things will go well for him .
KING : He does have a lot of ability , though .
BUSH : Oh , no , no .
A lot of ability .
Nobody could run the empire he runs and run it as well as he does .
He 's got a great wife , family .
I think he 'll do well .
KING : This may be morbid but ...
BUSH : Do n't be morbid .
KING : Well , you mentioned that , when you went to the Nixon funeral , you saw the burial plots .
I know Nancy and Ron know where they 're going to be buried right next to each other up near the library .
Do you know where you and George ?
BUSH : Of course .
It 's not morbid at all .
It 's the most beautiful place you ever saw .
We 're going to be buried in -- at College Station , and when you go up to the library , and there 's a wonderful pond behind it .
Then you go across a bridge , and there 's some lovely big trees .
And there 's a little plot right there with a lovely fence , iron fence .
And they worked forever doing marvelous things to make it perfect .
And Robin Bush is there right now .
KING : Oh , she is ?
BUSH : Yes .
KING : She had to be moved there ?
BUSH : We moved here there from Greenwich .
And she 's there .
KING : Do you go there ?
BUSH : Yes .
I went there the day before yesterday .
KING : Do you think about dying ?
BUSH : No , I do n't .
I do n't worry about it at all .
KING : No ?
BUSH : No .
I just hope I do n't go forever .
KING : Cancer , pain , long time suffering ?
BUSH : Well , more than that , I do n't want my family to have to worry about that , truthfully .
I do n't want to be a bore .
But I 'm -- this is a good chance for me to say , everybody should write a living will .
KING : Yes .
With that case in Florida , would n't that be a good idea ?
BUSH : I mean ...
KING : Jeb had a sign today -- he did sign that today .
BUSH : Yes , but that was for a very compassionate , loving man , that was tough , but having said that , I think it 's taught us all a lesson .
No matter what age you are , if you feel strongly about it , you ought to make it clear now .
It just saves your family a lot .
George and I both have one .
And have had it for a long time .
KING : So if anything happened , God forbid , to Barbara or George Bush , you have in writing what you want .
Because society 's in a tough place here .
BUSH : Terrible .
I mean , it 's really a -- I think something between the family , and it 's just heart breaking .
But , you know , the legislature passed it .
KING : Your son has had to sign -- your husband was never Governor , so he was n't faced with this .
Your husband has had to sign death warrants .
BUSH : My sons .
KING : Your sons , rather .
In two states that do it a lot , sadly .
What do you think of the death penalty ?
BUSH : Well , I 'm a little tougher maybe than I should be , but I think it 's a deterrent .
I really do .
I think , if you think you can kill somebody and take a life -- I would like to live in a world where I did n't think that was true , but I think that 's -- that 's Barbara Bush , not George Bush , not George W. Bush , not Jeb Bush .
KING : DNA evidence , though , showing a lot of people did n't do it ?
BUSH : Well , we have DNA now .
So we do n't have to worry about that , do n't we ?
KING : No .
I mean in the past , you might think we have killed someone who did n't do it .
BUSH : That 's terrible .
That would be terrible .
But we 've had 12 years to -- they go on forever and ever , all those appeals .
KING : Do you have a lot of faith ?
Are you a religious person ?
BUSH : Yes .
I mean , besides going to church every Sunday , I pray every night .
KING : You do ?
BUSH : George Bush and I pray every night .
KING : Do you ever doubt it ?
Like a 9/11 .
BUSH : No .
KING : Does n't cause you to doubt ?
BUSH : Now , that 's a good question .
It does n't cause -- it -- it causes me to wonder how people can live in our country , but it has nothing to do with religion , I think .
It 's their religion or their fanaticism .
But how can someone live in our country for nine years , accept our education , our life , a way of life , and then all that time plan to kill us ?
That makes me wonder .
But I know that 's not the Muslim religion .
It is not .
Their religion is very like ours and yours , which is -- and your wife 's -- to value men's lives .
And to trust god and ...
KING : But you do n't question your own god as to how this happened ?
BUSH : No .
I do n't think my god had much to do with that or their god or any -- they 're all the same .
KING : We 'll be back with our remaining moments with Barbara Bush , author of " Reflections : Life After the White House . "
Do n't go away .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
KING : I mentioned the parachute jump coming in June .
It 's the army parachutists , not the navy -- that are going to tender me and bring me down safely with your husband .
BUSH : That 's right .
KING : That will be June 13 the day after a big birthday party for the president , the night before , June 12 .
Your health .
You 've had a number of operations , two hip replacements , five operations on your feet , two back operations .
You have Graves Disease .
BUSH : No , no , that 's all gone .
All gone .
KING : It 's all gone .
How 's your current state ?
BUSH : Perfect .
As the doctor says , for a woman you 're age , you 're great .
That your age part worries me a little bit .
No , we 're fine .
I have a bad back , but so what ?
KING : And your husband , he's -- he gets his checkups .
Is everything OK ?
BUSH : Yes .
Everything 's fine .
I mean , we 're 78 and 79 .
George is 79 .
I mean , we 're not going to be perfect , but we 're pretty perfect .
KING : When your son ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) , the president , was asked if his family had eaten together , and he said yes , unless you were cooking .
BUSH : That was cute , was n't it ?
KING : You 're not a good cook ?
BUSH : No .
KING : Good pause , good take .
BUSH : Good eater .
Good eater .
Someone has to eat .
I 'm a good eater , and someone else is a good cook .
But I could cook for 50 , but you would not go home and say wow , Barbara Bush cooked the best meal .
KING : Did you have ...
BUSH : I 'm a provider , though .
KING : The house is never without ?
BUSH : I 'm a very big provider .
KING : Did you have a favorite son , truth .
BUSH : A favorite son ?
KING : Yes .
BUSH : The son that is in trouble is my favorite son .
This moment , they 're all in pretty good shape .
So no .
KING : You did n't have one that sort of twinkled the eye a little more ?
BUSH : No , I do n't think so .
They all have something very special about them .
KING : How about grandchild ?
BUSH : Well , Pierce is here .
KING : Pierce is here .
We all remember the famous Pierce .
BUSH : Pierce is here .
Pierce is my favorite grandchild tonight .
But no ...
KING : Pierce on the show at the convention ?
BUSH : That 's right .
KING : Remember that night ?
BUSH : Yes .
George P. , I saw yesterday in Dallas , our oldest grandson .
KING : That 's Jeb 's boy ?
BUSH : Jeb 's boy .
He 's divine .
They 're all great .
They will tell you I 'm probably the meanest woman alive because I boss them around and everything , but I think they love me .
They all come to visit , and we have fun .
KING : Are you the ...
BUSH : Enforcer .
KING : You are ?
You 're the tough lady ?
I see an ad on the TV about drugs and things , and they call the mother the enforcer , and I think they got that from me .
That 's what the children call me .
KING : What do you -- anything you want to do you have n't done ?
BUSH : No , not really .
I 'd like to -- no .
I 'm very happy .
KING : And it has been our delight having you with us .
BUSH : Thank you .
KING : Thank you , as always .
BUSH : You 're great , Larry .
KING : Thank you , Barbara .
The book is " Reflections . "
The author is Barbara Bush .
She wrote it herself .
" Life After the White House . "
The publisher is Scribner .
And I 'll be back in a couple of minutes to tell you about tomorrow night .
We 're in Houston with Barbara Bush .
Thanks for joining us .
I 'll be right back .
Do n't go away .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
KING : I want to thank everyone at the Houstonian Hotel for their wonderful courtesies and all of our staff who came here from Atlanta and Washington and Los Angeles and New York .
Tomorrow night , a tribute to Dean Martin .
TO ORDER A VIDEO OF THIS TRANSCRIPT , PLEASE CALL 800-CNN - NEWS OR USE OUR SECURE ONLINE ORDER FORM LOCATED AT www.fdch.com
Last month , New York law enforcement authorities announced the arrest of Queens resident Rafea al - Nablisi for smuggling 12,000 cartons of cigarettes a week .
It was not the first such arrest , and thanks to New York 's latest cigarette tax hike , it will not be the last .
On April 23 , less than two weeks after Mr. Nablisi 's arrest was made public , Gov. David Paterson signed into law a $ 1.25 per-pack tax hike on top of the state 's $ 1.50 per -pack tax .
That 's in addition to New York City 's own $ 1.50 per-pack tax .
Come July 1 , New ...
A polar bear sow and two cubs are seen on the Beaufort Sea coast within the 1002 Area of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in this undated handout photo provided by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service .
REUTERS /U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service / Handout
ANCHORAGE , Alaska ( Reuters ) -
The state of Alaska will sue the U.S. government to stop the listing of the polar bear as a threatened species , arguing the designation will slow development in the state , Gov. Sarah Palin said on Wednesday .
Palin said the state will file a lawsuit in U.S. District Court in Washington challenging U.S. Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne ’s decision to grant Endangered Species Act protections to the polar bear .
The Republican governor has argued that the ice - dependent polar bear , the first mammal granted Endangered Species
Act listing because of global warming , does not need additional protections .
“ We believe that the listing was unwarranted and that it ’s unprecedented to list a currently healthy population based on uncertain climate models , ” said Alaska Assistant Attorney General Steven Daugherty .
Even though Kempthorne enacted a rule aimed at precluding any new restrictions on oil and gas operations as a result of the listing , the Palin administration believes a wide variety of other development activities in Alaska would be hampered if the listing goes through , Daugherty said .
Any development or activity requiring federal permits or using federal funds would have to engage in a “ consultation ” process to ensure that polar bears are not harmed , he said .
That consultation , mandated by the Endangered Species Act , “ is a long and time - consuming process , ” he said .
“ It ’s just , basically , a big time - and - money - waster . ”
The date for filing the lawsuit is unknown , Daugherty said .
The state Department of Law on Wednesday was drafting its 60 - day notice of intent to sue , he said .
Too young to smoke ?
The vending machine will determine your age
A Japanese company is developing a vending machine that counts wrinkles and skin sags to check a smoker 's age .
It plans to use face recognition technology to prevent anyone under the legal age of 20 buying cigarettes .
From July vending machine companies could be prosecuted if tobacco is sold to anyone under the legal limit .
Purchasers who failed a digital camera " age test " would need to show the machine an ID card to establish they were legally allowed to smoke .
Crow 's feet
The Fujitaka company system compares facial characteristics including bone structure , sags and crow 's feet against a record of more than 100,000 people .
Spokesman Hajime Yamamoto told Reuters : " With face recognition , so long as you 've got some change and you are an adult , you can buy cigarettes like before .
" The problem of minors borrowing identification cards to purchase cigarettes could be avoided as well . "
The company says the system gets it right in nine out of ten cases .
The remaining 10 % would be sent to a " grey zone for baby - faced adults " where they would be asked to insert their driving licence or identification card .
Japan has 570,000 tobacco vending machines .
The country 's finance ministry has already given permission for an age - identifying smart card and a system to read the age from driving licences .
But it has yet to approve the face - identification method owing to concerns about its accuracy .
Underage smoking has been on the decline in Japan , but a 2004 survey showed 14 % of boys and 4 % of girls aged 17 and 18 smoke every day .
A shareholder revolt at ExxonMobil led by the billionaire Rockefeller family has won the support of four significant British institutional investors who will call on Monday for a shakeup in the governance of the world 's biggest oil company .
Guardian.co.uk has learned that F&C Asset Management , Morley Fund Management , the Co-Operative Insurance Society and the West Midlands Pension Fund are throwing their weight behind a resolution demanding that ExxonMobil appoints an independent chairman to stimulate debate on the company 's board .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
Exxon is facing a rebellion from its investors over its hardline approach to global warming .
The firm has refused to follow rival oil companies in committing large - scale capital investment to environmentally friendly technology such as wind and solar power .
The Rockefeller dynasty , whose ancestor John D Rockefeller founded the original oil business at the core of ExxonMobil , have sponsored four shareholder resolutions demanding changes at Exxon .
One of these calls on Exxon 's chief executive Rex Tillerson , to relinquish his role as chairman in favour of an outsider to bring in an alternative point of view .
FULL ARTICLE : http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2008/may/19/exxonmobil.oil
Explore your memory Sorry , you wo n't be able to use the Memory Tester as you do n't have JavaScript turned on in your browser .
Please turn JavaScript on and refresh this page .
We are no longer collecting data from this test so this memory survey from the University of Edinburgh is now not available .
For other memory activities , why not try the ' Face Memory Test ' or ' Answers to common questions about memory ' ?
Introduction
TODO , TO_DO , TO DO , @todo , FIXME , FIX_ME , FIX ME , HACK
No other keyword has so many aliases .
No other keyword is quite as open to interpretation .
Do n't worry , our compiler has n't gone soft on us .
TODO is n't really a keyword : it lives in comments and can therefore take whatever form a programmer chooses , safe in the knowledge it wo n't cause trouble at compile or run time .
On the surface , TODO seems both useful and inevitable .
No piece of code is ever really finished : there will always be something more to do , and where better to record this information than in the code itself ?
If we think more carefully though , we realise that TODO actually indicates a point at which a decision was made — a decision to defer action , a decision , in fact , to not do something .
Clearly this decision is less than ideal .
This article investigates the use of TODO and friends more closely .
First , we shall consider what it is meant to mean and what it often turns out to mean .
Next , we 'll search through some code , uncover some use cases , and think about the alternatives .
In the past week , Hillary has dramatically altered US policy regarding the use of nuclear weapons in the Middle East .
Specifically , Hillary is saying that she would launch a nuclear strike on Iran if they launched a nuclear strike on Israel .
She is also saying that she wants to extend the US nuclear umbrella beyond Israel , and include other US allies in the Middle East ( i.e. , we would nuke Iran if they nuked these US allies ) .
That ’s a huge , and newsworthy , change in US policy .
First , we do n’t admit publicly when and if we are going to use nukes .
Hillary just did .
That ’s big news .
Second , defense experts I talk to say that we have never said publicly that we would use nukes to defend Israel ( even though this might be assumed , it ’s different when you confirm it publicly ) .
Third , we have never before said that we would extend the US nuclear umbrella to defend other countries in the Middle East .
Again , Hillary just did .
Whether Hillary has adopted this major change in US nuclear policy simply to curry favor with voters in Pennsylvania is certainly worthy of discussion ( one would hope that such policy is made to advance US national security and not to simply win votes ) .
But there is something even more newsworthy to this story .
Hillary ’s staff twice , yesterday , told the media that Hillary did n’t say what she said .
Top Clinton staffer Howard Wolfson said last night that Hillary did not mean to say that she ’d use nukes against Iran .
And then a second Clinton staffer told CNN that she did not mean to suggest that she would extend the US nuclear umbrella to other countries in the Middle East .
Only problem ?
She did , repeatedly .
( UPDATE : In fact , senior Hillary staff denied a third time that Hillary never mentioned using nukes , when she clearly said the US will have “ a nuclear response ” to Iran . )
So now we have no idea what US nuclear weapons policy would be under Hillary , and neither do our friends or our enemies .
That creates an incredibly dangerous situation .
One of the hallmarks of the US mutually - assured - destruction ( MAD ) policy during the Cold War was that the Soviets knew exactly what US policy was .
If they used nukes , we would use nukes .
There was no confusion .
Confusion breeds uncertainty , and uncertainty leads your opponent to act in unexpected ways .
And when you ’re dealing with nuclear war planning , you do n’t want a jittery opponent acting in ways you ca n’t predict .
Iran needs to know what will happen to it if it goes nuclear and attacks Israel ( or anyone else ) .
It is not helpful for Iran to think that , per Howard Wolfson and Hillary ’s other senior staff , maybe it can get away with a nuclear attack on Israel , or at least Saudi Arabia .
And finally , the same dilemma occurs with regards to our allies .
It does no good for our allies , including Israel , to now be speculating that maybe the US wo n’t defend them should Iran come knocking .
That kind of uncertainty could lead our allies to take matters into their own hands , possibly even leading them to pre-emptive war , or even to seek their own nuclear weapons ( Israel already has several hundred , but other US allies in the region have none ) .
Hillary ’s public battles with her own staff over the issues of US nuclear policy vis-a - vis Iran and US policy vis-a - vis our overall nuclear umbrella in the Middle East suggest that she does n’t have a clear , well thought out , policy – that she is simply winging it .
If this were official campaign policy , her senior staff would know about it .
And you ’d think that nuking Iran and extending the US nuclear umbrella to our allies in the Middle East would be a sufficiently important enough policy change for it to have been vetted by Hillary ’s staff .
Hillary ’s staff did n’t even know about the policy – hell , they denied the existence of the policy – because it appears that Hillary made up this new nuclear policy on the fly , and is still honing the details in public as she speaks .
So much for the phone ringing at 3 am .
It ’s not clear what Hillary thinks even at 3 pm during the light of day .
Let me walk you through the various positions of Hillary and her staff regarding US nuclear policy and the Middle East :
1. Last October , Hillary says it would be wrong to speculate publicly about when and if the US should attack Iran : “ I am not going to speculate about when or if they get nuclear weapons . ”
Hillary also criticized her Democratic opponents for publicly discussing their war plans for the region : “ [ R] emember , you should n’t always say everything you think if you ’re running for president , because it has consequences across the world .
And we do n’t need that right now . ”
2. During the ABC debate a week ago , Hillary implied that she ’d nuke Iran if they nuked Israel .
She also suggested that the US extend its nuclear umbrella beyond Israel , to protect other Middle Eastern countries from an Irani attack .
“ I think that we should be looking to create an umbrella of deterrence that goes much further than just Israel .
Of course , I would make it clear to the Iranians that an attack on Israel would incur massive retaliation from the United States , but I would do the same with other countries in the region . ”
3 . Hillary reiterated her nuclear threat against Iran yesterday , telling ABC that if Iran attacked Israel with nukes , she ’d “ obliterate them ” – widely interpreted to mean that she would nuke Iran .
“ I want the Iranians to know that if I ’m the president , we will attack Iran , ” Clinton said .
“ In the next 10 years , during which they might foolishly consider launching an attack on Israel , we would be able to totally obliterate them . ”
4 . Then last night , Senior Clinton campaign aide Howard Wolfson backs off Hillary ’s Iran comments , telling Politico ’s Ben Smith last night that “ she was n’t referring to , or suggesting , nuclear weapons . ”
5 . Then , minutes later , Hillary goes on MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann ’s show and says explicitly that she would use nuclear weapons against Iran , and that she would consider extending the US nuclear umbrella to other countries in the Middle East besides Israel :
“ In order to forestall that , creating some kind of a security agreement [ with countries in the region ] where we said , no , you do not need to acquire nuclear weapons .
If you were the subject of an unprovoked nuclear attack by Iran , the United States and hopefully our NATO allies would respond to that as well ….
“ [ T ] heir use of nuclear weapons against Israel would provoke a nuclear response from the United States , which personally I believe would prevent it from happening .
And that we would try to help the other countries that might be intimidated and bullied into submission by Iran because they were a nuclear power , avoid that fate by creating this new security umbrella . ”
6 . Then , a senior Hillary aide tells CNN that she did n’t mean to imply that she would extend the US nuclear umbrella to other countries in the region , even though this is what she repeatedly said over the past week .
If Jonathan Powell was half as straight - talking inside the Blair tent as he was in his Guardian interview last week , it makes the central mystery of the Iraq war even odder .
Here is someone who advocates speaking to terrorists , understands how poor intelligence can be , and admits to errors , who was at Tony Blair 's shoulder for 13 years .
He comes across as level - headed and dryly humorous .
In saying that Blair could be a " bit of a flippertygibbet " and was neither bold nor radical enough in office - because he feared losing it - Powell also seems to be a man prepared to speak uncomfortable truths .
Asking around , the general view is that he did behave just as forthrightly when it was the inner circle .
He admires Blair , but he was no passive courtier .
Five years on from the opening salvoes of the Iraq war , and 10 years on from the Good Friday agreement , it 's a perfect time to revisit the strange symmetry between brave , dogged peace - making in Northern Ireland and catastrophic war - making in the Middle East , which will always define the Blair government .
Powell 's testament is only part of the story .
We have n't had a frank reassessment from Blair himself .
Perhaps we never will .
The layers of self - justification , like scar tissue , are already too thick .
Maybe the truths are just too painful to look at clearly .
Nor have we had frank , no -holds - barred retrospectives from the rest of Blair 's inner circle .
Powell was clearly vital to the peace making part of the story .
It became personal for him , and he battered away at it .
Yet what also emerges from his account is that Blair 's self - belief and brass - necked optimism was the defining factor .
The deal was not always inevitable .
In a way , if Blair had been better educated about Northern Ireland , better educated about history , he might not have been as bold .
The bloody history and entrenched attitudes had scared many wiser men away .
But with his grin and faith he kept going .
Put it like that , and the Northern Ireland / Iraq paradox starts to disappear .
Boldness ?
Not knowing too much history , and being ready to ignore cautious advice from experts ?
Charging ahead , armed with soundbites and timetables ?
The more one hears about what was really going on inside the Blair camp , the more one realises that none of the aides or friends did more than briefly deflect Blair 's own instincts - not Powell , not Alastair Campbell , not Peter Mandelson , not Derry Irvine .
" Sofa government " , was less about handing cabinet power to a small , unelected clique , as it seemed at the time : it was a cover for the Blair presidency , something worryingly close to one - man government .
Only Gordon Brown , with his rival powerbase at the Treasury , could deflect Blair , and then only because of regular stand - up rows and at great mutual cost .
Back to the Iraq war decision .
Britain had in the Foreign Office a priceless source of information and advice about the region .
In Robin Cook there had been a foreign secretary who knew his falafels from his onions , and understood the perils - enough so for him to resign from his next cabinet job .
Jack Straw , foreign secretary at the time , admitted later to grave worries .
Blair was getting , at the very least , mixed messages about his legal position .
His diplomats were telling him the truth about international support .
Among Labour dissenters , Liberal Democrats and some Tories , there was an eloquent , detailed alternative view being expressed in the Commons , never mind the great demonstrations outside .
So why did he not pause ?
Why did he not properly think about what might happen in Iraq after the invasion ?
Why did he not have the conversations with George Bush that so many in London and Washington expected him to have ?
Powell 's testament , as a pro-war adviser , suggests that it was not , really , about a lack of advice or simple ignorance .
No , it was about personality and temperament - Blair's .
The very things that brought him success in Northern Ireland , brought him disaster in Iraq .
I think the two anniversaries are even more closely connected than that .
It was because of the Good Friday agreement that Blair 's self - belief and impatience with facts about history and the dangers of meddling were super - charged .
War - making and peacemaking are perhaps not so different , from the perspective of a prime minister .
Both require decisive , bold actions .
Both mean shutting your ears to the voices of caution .
This hubris meant the wrong lessons were learned from the Balkans .
The former Yugoslavia and Iraq were patchworks of peoples , held together for a while by tyrannical central power , when it was convenient for the world order .
Pull away the centre , and you unleash civil war and ethnic cleansing .
Far from Kosovo emboldening Blair , it should have terrified him .
In this tale of hubris and nemesis , now emerging in full technicolour through the memoirs of the participants , is there anything we can learn for the future ?
That it is nobler to make peace than war , certainly .
That it is crazy not to listen to all the storehouse of advice and wisdom a government can get its hands on .
But most of all , that " never " never means never .
Powell 's most provocative argument is that today Britain should be keeping lines open to Hamas and even al - Qaida .
It was rubbished by No 10 ; but I wonder if that was n't more because of irritation about the messenger .
For he is right .
There is no moral distinction .
Britain was quietly talking to the IRA when it was determined to have a united Ireland , by killing as many people as it took .
Al - Qaida 's united caliphate is a bigger project , and a deeply illiberal one , but it is not logically so different .
The Provos had plenty of silent supporters in Britain , just like al - Qaida .
Then too , for a long time , there seemed nothing to talk about .
Until one day , suddenly , there was .
You " never give in to terrorists " but you can never finally defeat them either .
The reason the " war on terror " has been such a dangerous phrase is that you can never win a war on an abstraction - " terror " is always out there , and inside us .
So the war can never end .
In fact , the war is with networks of human beings whose views are radical and dangerous but who , one day , will have to be talked to and offered compromises and a way , as Powell put it , to get " off the hook " .
We may be years or decades away from that .
When it comes , it will be a difficult , tiring , seemingly impossible job , but those who do it will win their place in history .
War - making is a much lesser thing .
Powell clearly understands that .
If he had not , then as the man in the shadows , he'd be publicising a book on " Me and the Iraq war " , not " Me and the Irish " .
jackie.ashley@theguardian.com
Boob products ?!
Yes , this is an article about fun boob gadgets and products .
If you are too young or too prudish to handle this , go and read something else .
Love boobs ?
I certainly do .
Love them .
Love them .
Love them .
If I could , I would spend all of my days lounging around under a palm tree , eating fried chicken breasts and playing with boobs .
Sadly , life is not like that .
It 's hard for a man to spend his whole day surrounded by boobs ... since by boobs , I do n't mean the idiots I work and live with .
So , to make life more enjoyable for my fellow men , I came up with the brilliant idea of finding the way that a man could play with breasts all day long and still get stuff done .
So here are my picks for the 10 Fun Ways to Play with Boobs :
( Update : Almost all of the products listed in this article are no longer available or are no longer listed on the sites where we first discovered the item and we had to remove the dead links .
You can find a selection of other funny Boob Products here . )
10 . Shuffle Around the House with the Boob Slippers
Merchant for these Booby Slippers says :
" These Boob Slippers are the perfect gift for someone who needs pampering , even yourself !
Made from 100 % polyester they are very comfortable and definitely the softest boobs I have ever felt !
Slip your sore tired feet into these warm comfy slippers and relax . "
9. Change the Channel with the Boob Remote
Merchant for the Boob Shaped Remote Control product :
" With Removable Bikini Top For Channel Up & Down .
Gives new meaning to the expression , " 57 channels & nothing on ! "
Universal infrared remote with universal appeal .
You 'll quickly get a feel for its classic shape .
Bikini top flips up to reveal unique channel up - and - down buttons .
Flip down bottoms for number and re-set controls .
Compatible with nearly every brand of TV , VCR , cable box and red- blooded male ever made . "
8. Support Your Wrists with the Boob Rest
Merchant for this ChestRest Mouse Pad product says :
" Studies have shown that proper use of ergonomics in the work place can significantly reduce the risk of bodily injury , including carpal tunnel .
Currently , carpal tunnel accounts for 50 % of work - related injury and a significant portion can be attributed to repetitive motion disorder caused by frequent mouse use .
Wrist injury can be prevented or reduced by utilizing a properly designed ergonomic mouse pad .
[ With the chest rest , ] wrist is supported by the valley in between the two gelatin mounds .
( Buy Boob Product )
7. Click Away with the Boob Mouse
I do n't know what the merchant is saying since I can't read Japanese .
But according to Gizmodo :
" Now not only can you have a Busty Mousepad , you can have a busty mouse to go along with it .
The mouse has two buttons and a scrollwheel — which part of a woman 's anatomy is that — and costs only $ 4.99 ( 1000 Yen ) .
Though , the breasts look more like eyeballs than breasts , so it 's not that erotic .
6. Fry Up Eggs with the Boob Egg Mold
Merchant for this Boob Shaped Egg Fryer product says :
The boob egg fryer is perfect for all kinds of kinky cuisine !
Just right for that special breakfast !!
How about serving up a boobie burger or a pair of pert pancake boobs ... Erotic and eggciting ! "
WARNING : THE NEXT PAGE OF BOOB PRODUCTS ARE A BIT MORE REALISTIC SO MAY BE R- RATED ( BUT NOT NSFW ? )
5. Cover Your Eyes with the Boobie Blindfold
Merchant for this breast blindfold product says :
" Your Fantasy Starts Here !
Ca n't sleep ?
Blindfolds just got more entertaining with this boobie shaped blindfold , this boobie blindfold is designed to look like you have great big furry boobs as eyes .
Made from 100 % Polyester makes this boobie blindfold very comfortable and a must have for all boobie fans ......... pretty much every guy then ! "
4. Take a Bath with the Bobbing Boobs Bath Plug
Merchant for this Boobie Bath Plug product says :
" A great little novelty to take to the bath with you .
Lie in comfort and watch the boobies bob up and down on the surface .
Make bath time fun ! "
3. Massage Your Tired Hands with the Boob Massager
Merchant for the Personal Vibrating Hand Massager product says :
' " It ''s funny how men are drawn to breasts automatically .
Whether it ''s touching or looking , you can guarantee an ample pair will mesmerize most men .
So , what better form for a Men 's Personal Vibrating Massager than a boob ?
Our personal vibrating hand massager is a lovely soft squeezable material that vibrates when switched on , providing relief for stressed hands and overworked wrists .
The Vibrating Hand Stress Reliever provides quick relief for your overworked hands , which can include - computer mouse strain - drinker ''s hand fatigue - writer ''s cramp - road rager ''s fist fatigue .
It 's great for computer mouse strain .. Drinker 's hand fatigue ... Writer 's cramp ..
Road ragers fist fatigue ... Limp wrist syndrome or Solitary stimulation strain !!
2. Take a Shower with the Boob Soap Dispenser
I know you have probably seen these around all over the web so I was n't going to show them to you , but I LOVE them so much .
I did not think my list would be complete without them , so here they are .
Merchant says about the Shower Breast product :
" Squeeze the boob to release the gel ...
Having a shower has never been so much fun !
Do you fancy fondling a pert pair of bosoms in the shower every day ?
Actually that 's probably a silly question .... Shower Breasts are guaranteed to make you want to wash more often .
This naughty nipple - topped pair attaches to your shower wall with the suckers provided , with each bosom having a compartment for shower gel , shampoo or conditioner .
To dispense , simply squeeze away – but be warned , you could run out of shower gel very quickly ... "
1. Light the Way with a Boob Lamp
Merchant for the Boob Lamp says :
" I know what you 're thinking dear reader , who needs any of those uber trendy mathmos lamps , eclipse lights or any other cool lighting gadgets when you could have your very own flashing boobie lamp ?
Do n't ever say that we do n't spoil you as this flashing boobie lamp measuring approximately 18 cm in height just has to be the ultimate bachelor pad accessory .
Has n't it ? "
Well , there you have my picks for the top 10 best ways to play with boobies if you can't play with the real ones .
I had a real hard time picking only 10 as there are so many great boobs and great breast products out there , so perhaps another day , I will share with you a few more .
What do you think of my choices ?
Any boob products you think are even better ?
-- Posted Thursday , 10 January 2008 | Digg This Article | Source : GoldSeek.com
My eyes flickered open .
It was morning .
I knew something was wrong .
I was right , as I soon learned : Total Fed Credit exploded by $ 18.2 billion last week !
Wow !
Big move !
The terrible news had apparently been instantly conveyed to the family and neighbors , as the whole neighborhood was quiet and deserted .
The little cowards somehow sensed that I would go berserk at such insane monetary policy , as I usually do , but this time they were wrong .
I figure it was just businesses doing an extraordinary end - of - year panicky clutch at cash , for whatever reason , as they desperately try and get their books in order for the annual midnight , December 31 deadline , and the Fed and was just being accommodative , because if there is one thing that you can say about the Federal Reserve , it 's that they are accommodative �
To a freaking fault .
Of course , there are many other things that you can say about the Federal Reserve , all of them uncomplimentary , and all of them said by me at one time or another , always interspersed with cursing , and spitting , and screaming , vowing bloody revenge and standing out in the street trying to get the stupid neighbors to do a little cursing and spitting and screaming and vowing bloody revenge , too , about the terror of inflation in prices that is descending upon them , but they are always too busy being stupid to listen .
And to be fair , I never used the word " accommodating " when referring to the Federal Reserve constantly destroying the dollar and the American economy with their lunacy of constant inflation by monetary excesses , which lead to horrifying increases in prices .
" Accommodating " means , for instance , that the family lets me have first pick of the pieces of fried chicken at dinner , instead of getting into a fistfight with me about who gets what .
No , what the Federal Reserve has done to us is much , much worse than being merely " accommodating . "
And things are going from bad to worse , as the Associated Press reported that , " The Federal Reserve announced Friday that it is increasing the amount of money available to banks through the new auction process it created to ease the nation 's severe credit squeeze .
The Fed again pledged to continue the auctions ' f or as long as necessary . ' "
If this is not horrifying in itself , because you are a " numbers person " , the facts and figures are that " The Fed said that it will increase the amount offered at each of the next two auctions from $ 20 billion to $ 30 billion , a 50 percent jump .
Those two auctions will be Jan. 14 and Jan. 28 . " $ 30 billion of new money every two weeks ?
$ 780 billion more money and credit jammed into the economy in a year ?
Wow !
We 're so freaking doomed !
Not surprisingly , " The Fed announcement indicated that the auction process it began last month has been successful in providing a source of loans for cash - strapped banks . "
Hahaha !
Free money is popular ?
Hahaha !
Who knew ?
Hahaha !
Popular ?
Of course it 's popular , especially when the market is already pricing in a 0.50 % cut in interest rates by the Fed in a couple of weeks , if not before !
Therefore , any government debt bought now would go , theoretically , up in price if the Fed lowered interest rates !
Popular ?
Of course it 's popular !
What in the hell did you THINK would happen ?
Hahahaha !
But there is One Main Reason ( OMR ) why so much money was created last week , even though there is no reason for me to laugh so heartily at the inflationary horror that is developing right in front of my Bloodshot Mogambo Eyes ( BME ) ; somebody wants to borrow it , and the Fed and the banks desperately want somebody to borrow it , and the government desperately wants somebody to borrow it , and so the banks keep making loans so that the stupid banks and the whole dysfunctional system does n't go belly - up like they should .
Or maybe all this borrowing has something to do with what Jennifer Hughes in the Financial Times is writing about when she says , " Here we go .
The books are closed and ' busy season ' for auditors has arrived .
A slowing economy and banks ' rising caution over lending is expected to spark a rise in business failures . "
And maybe the businesses know that the auditors are going to be especially keen - eyed , as Ms. Hughes says that this bust " inevitably will produce the age - old question of ' where were the auditors ? ' "
Oops !
Did you notice how I veered off the subject , which was that I was self - righteously heaping scorn and ridicule on the Federal Reserve , into some tangential crap about auditors ?
To try and salvage as much prior momentum as I can , I start off with a " Slowpoke " cartoon by Jan Sorenson , in which it is revealed that the " Nobel Prize Loser " in economics was " Jan Graffer - inventor of the ' Graffer Curve ' illustrating the economic benefits of drawing theoretical curves for a living . "
Hahaha !
This is another example of , " It 's funny because it 's true ! " categories , as when one considers that the Federal Reserve is this selfsame " Nobel Prize Loser " in economics , in that they derive the benefit of employment and awestruck deference of the whole country and the Congress , and are allowed to risk the entire economy of the United States as they experimentally tinker with their precious little computer models and their incomprehensible , error - laden equations to guide their disastrous monetary policy !
Did I say " disastrous " ?
It 's worse than that !
They are an utter , dismal failure at it !
So tragically have they failed to provide " stable prices " , meaning zero inflation , that 97 % of the original dollar 's buying power of 1913 ( when the Fed was created ) is gone !
And worse , now we have the monstrous Ben Bernanke actually wanting to " target inflation " , which means to deliberately create inflation in prices , as part of official monetary policy !
Insanity !
And at 321 Gold.com we get the amazing fact that on Monday , December 31 , the National Debt was $ 9,229,172,659,218.31 , which was a " New all - time high " , which means that something very interesting must have happened over the weekend , because Friday , December 28 , two days previously , the National Debt was only $ 9,120,549,682,475.62 !
Wow !
Almost $ 129 billion in two days !
And Bernanke is talking about creating inflation in prices even as all this money and debt is being created , and even as John Williams at shadowstats.com proves that inflation in prices is running at over 10 freaking percent right freaking now !
This 10 % level is , at every point in history except right now , the place where people are rioting in the streets and bankrupted people are jumping from window ledges because they are ruined , and all the way down they can hear the words of The Mogambo echoing in their ears , " You should have bought gold when I told you to , but noooOOooooo !
Not you !
You are too smart to listen to a street bum named The Mogambo Guru , and too stinking cheap to loan me a lousy five bucks !
No , for someone as smart as you , it 's too easy to just to look at the whole rest of economic history to see what happened to every other dirtbag country that let its dirtbag government spend the poisonous fruits of the creation of excess fiat money and credit ! "
Well , I figure that is all they " hear " in their heads , as most buildings are n't that tall , and so I never really get the chance to say , " And what happened to the people who bought gold , you halfwit lowlife moron ?
They were the ' new rich ' !
Which is what you would be , if you had listened to me and bought gold ! "
To be fair , gold is not gaining value as much as the dollar is losing purchasing power , as is obvious if you look at gold when priced in barrels of oil , or bushels of wheat , or any of the tastier pork products or pizzas containing them , which hurts most of all .
P.S. To get The Daily Reckoning sent directly to your inbox , sign up for our free email newsletter , or if you prefer to use RSS , subscribe to the Daily Reckoning RSS feed .
Editor 's Note : Richard Daughty is general partner and COO for Smith Consultant Group , serving the financial and medical communities , and the editor of The Mogambo Guru economic newsletter - an avocational exercise to heap disrespect on those who desperately deserve it .
The Mogambo Guru is quoted frequently in Barron's , The Daily Reckoning and other fine publications .
Click here to visit the Mogambo archive page .
-- Posted Thursday , 10 January 2008 | Digg This Article | Source : GoldSeek.com
Visit The Daily Reckoning 's website .
Previous Articles by Richard Daughty
US Federal Communications Committee chairman Kevin Martin realises that Comcast has its very own definition for the word " delay . "
America 's second largest ISP continues to say that it 's delaying peer - to - peer traffic on its network , not blocking it .
But Martin is n't that gullible .
Speaking before the Senate Commerce Committee this morning , Reuters reports , Martin told lawmakers that Comcast is using a " blunt " technique to crack down on peer - to - peer filesharing .
" Contrary to some claims , it does not appear that this technique was used only to occasionally delay traffic at particular nodes suffering from network congestion at that time , " he said in a prepared statement .
And he reiterated that the FCC has all the power it needs to take action against Comcast .
" I do not believe any additional regulations are needed at this time .
But I also believe that the commission has a responsibility to enforce the ( open internet ) principles that it has already adopted , " he said .
Independent tests have shown that Comcast is preventing users from " seeding " peer - to - peer uploads .
In certain cases , when one machine attempts to upload that file to another machine , the ISP uses a forged " reset flag " to breaks this P2P connection .
And these tests have shown this sort of " network management " is used round the clock . ®
FOR a certain subset of Internet users , “ Sudo make me a sandwich ” may as well be “ Take my wife ... please . ”
Perhaps some explanation is in order .
Before giving up the goods , however , we should heed the warning of Randall Munroe , the 23 - year - old creator of xkcd , a hugely popular online comic strip ( at least among computer programmers ) where the sandwich line appeared .
Mr. Munroe believes that analyzing a joke is like dissecting a frog  it can be done , but the frog dies .
Still , he plays along , explaining that “ sudo ” is a command in the Unix operating system that temporarily grants godlike powers :
“ The humor comes from people who have encountered typing a command and having the computer say ‘ No , ’ and they say , ‘ Oh , yeah , sudo says , ’ and the computer does it .
Kind of like ‘ Simon says . ’ ”
Hence the set - up : one stick figure says to another , “ Make me a sandwich , ” only to be told , “ No . ” Thinking quickly , stick figure No. 1 says , “ Sudo make me a sandwich , ” and the once - recalcitrant stick figure No. 2 must comply .
I have a bit of an odd background .
I have a fair bit of mathematics ( four year MA equivalent course in mathematics at Cambridge ) and at least a reasonable background in software engineering and programming ( about three years working as a software engineer now , plus a lot of random stuff on my spare time during that period and a little bit before hand ) , but I do n’t have a lot of knowldge of the overlap between the two .
This is increasingly causing me trouble , and I ’d like to fix it .
It seems like the sort of subject my blog audience should know about , so I ’m asking for help here . :-)
The immediate subject I want to learn more about is numerical linear algebra .
It ’s come up a couple times recently and I ’ve had to go “ Bwrgh . Um. Halp ! ” .
I usually muddle through , but it ’s really not something I should be struggling on and I ’ve probably done stupid things as a result of lack of knowledge .
So , my goal here is to become reasonably well versed in at least the basics of the subject .
At the moment nothing terribly specific – I want to get a good grasp of the theory and practice of working with matrices , vectors , etc. computationally .
Linear optimisation and eigenvector problems especially .
I ’m looking for recommendations for books , libraries , software packages and anything else you think would be useful .
I ’m willing to spend a reasonable amount of money ( more so on the books than the software packages , as long term I ’ll really be looking for stuff I can freely bundle with my personal projects ) in doing so , ‘ though obviously free is a plus .
Libraries I can use from a variety of languages are definitely a good thing , though I ’m willing to look at language specific things like NumPy , etc. too if they come highly recommended ( at least as a starting point ) .
Relevant background :
Mathematics : Quite a lot of real and complex analysis , though mostly pure .
Enough linear algebra that I at least know where to start with it , though I ’m going to be rusty .
Programming / computer science : Some amount of general algorithms and datastructures work .
Generally comfortable with Java , Haskell and Scala .
Comfortable enough with C that I can write it if I have to .
A little bit of Python and Lua ( plus a few others which are probably not relevant ) .
Fairly willing to pick up a new language if it would help ( though if you tell me to write fortran I ’ll cry ) .
So , suggestions ?
Edit : I ’ll keep a list of recommendations updated here .
If you have any comments for or against these , please pipe up .
I found a copy of Epperson going very cheaply and for no particular reason it looked interesting , so I ’ve ordered a copy .
I ’ll almost certainly order a copy of Golub and Loan .
I ’m also going to be playing around with Octave .
Thanks guys !
Last .fm ‘s announcement that they will be allowing their users to listen to full - length versions of millions of music tracks is one of the final nails in the coffin of the traditional recorded - music industry .
Owning music is dead .
The new business model for making money in the music industry is simple : Design a better music distribution system .
Or , simply put , build a better user experience for music listening .
Which , interstingly , is how the enjoyment of music has always been throughout the centuries , with the singular exception of the century recently passed .
Live musical concerts and performances have always been about more than the sounds in your ears :
It ’s also the experience of the venue , the culture or subculture of the audience , the smells and tastes .
This also applies to live radio , including satellite and internet radio .
Both live performance and live radio focus on putting value on ( i.e. , charging money for ) the experience around the music — on the curation , the immediacy , the communal feeling of listening to the same music as dozens or even millions of other listeners — not on the ownership of the recording itself .
In fact , the ownership of recorded music will someday be seen as a weird historical anomaly , born during a decades - long spasm of corporate enthusiam about — and complete control over — the production and distribution of recorded music … a phenomenon in its death throes now that , finally , the ability to record , copy , and distribute music has trickled down into the hands of everyday people .
The era in which one could buy and sell recorded music lasted only about a century , from the early days of the phonograph in the late 1800s to the emergence in the 1990 ’s of illegal file sharing and now , in this decade , completely legal free distribution of recorded music .
We are back where we started : paying for experiences , not for artifacts .
Today ’s digital music scene is about experiences .
iTunes , for example , is not so much a tool for organizing your music collection as it is a complete media experience platform :
It ’s the tool to listen to and organize your music , of course , but with the store integration , partnership with your portable player , accessibility to other users on your network , sharing with your TV and home stereo system , it ’s become far more than a simple media player .
Last.fm takes it further :
Are you listening to something you really like , and you want more ?
Well , right there on the page , the page that is playing the music , are a dozen different ways of exploring that music further :
Talk to other fans , read about the band ’s history , view recommendations based on your own listening habits , listen to artists that are intimately related to the band you ’re hearing , find out about new music that came out just today .
Valuing Media
Kevin Kelly recently wrote a really insightful and thought - provoking piece about how the value of copied media can be measured :
When copies are super abundant , they become worthless .
When copies are super abundant , stuff which ca n’t be copied becomes scarce and valuable .
When copies are free , you need to sell things which can not be copied .
In the case of music , the “ stuff which ca n’t be copied ” is ( among other things ) live , performed music .
Kelly ’s piece explores a few other ways that stuff can be valuable without being copyable — it ’s a great read , please check it out .
Last.fm actually hits several of Kelly ’s values dead - on , including Accessibility ( the ability to tune in from any browser and not be tied to your own hard drive ) , Patronage ( the artist is getting paid by Last. fm , something that many listeners want to know is happening ) , and Personalization and Findability ( Last.fm was literally founded on the idea of making new music findable through personalized recommendations ) .
Rhapsody was on the right track , but their catalog lacks the kind of Web 2.0 community - generated depth and recommendation tools to make listening to and discovering new music such a delightful experience .
On Rhapsody , AFAIK , you are renting access to a database that allows basic browsing by artist , genre , etc .
That ’s it .
It ’s fundamentally still about paying for temporary ownership of music .
But as I said , it ’s not about owning the music any more .
It ’s about providing easy and fluid access to the music , exposing you to new music you will like , immersing you in a music community , and making the listening experience as entertaining and interesting as possible .
Ownership is no longer an issue .
Today you pay for the experience of a product which , in the peer - to - peer era , you can always get in raw form for free or nearly free .
In the future competition in the music industry , such as it is , will consist of better and better ways of competing , essentially , with old - fashioned radio , nightclubs , and concert halls .
Last .fm gets this .
He 's a maverick Catholic firefighter who dotes on his loving old ma .
She 's a psychotic junkie nun from beyond the grave
They fight crime !
Try again !
Speaking to the European Parliament in a special session called to address the Tibet crisis , Parliamentary President Hans - Gert Poettering on Wednesday , March 26 , appealed to China to seek a solution to the unrest via dialogue with the Dalai Lama .
Poettering also extended a clear invitation to the exiled spiritual leader .
" I put it to this house to join with me in saying that the Dalai Lama is welcome in this house whenever he wants to come , " he said .
Poettering read out a message from the Dalai Lama , thanking the European Parliament for its " sympathy and support at a time of great difficulty for the people of Tibet . "
Tibetan leader in Brussels
Tibet 's parliamentary leader said 135 deaths had occurred in the crackdown
On a visit Wednesday to the EU Parliament in Brussels , the head of the Tibetan parliament - in - exile Karma Chopel told reporters that the number of confirmed deaths in China 's crackdown on Tibet has risen to 135 .
China has reported 20 deaths .
" Killings and massacre are going on , " said Chopel , who is to address the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva on Thursday .
" It 's high time for people to speak up for the legitimate rights of the Tibetan people . "
EU leaders debate boycott options
Both the EU's Slovenian presidency and the European Commission rejected calls for a boycott of the Olympic Games , set to take place in August in Beijing .
" The presidency believes that a boycott of the Olympics in the year of intercultural dialogue would not be the right response to open political issues , " said Slovenia 's Secretary of State for European Affairs Janez Lenarcic .
" It might also mean a loss of an opportunity to promote human rights . "
Earlier on Wednesday , several MEPs advocated a complete boycott of the Games .
MEP Cohn - Bendit called for a boycott
Greens leader Daniel Cohn - Bendit , donning a Reporters Without Borders t- shirt with handcuffs in the form of Olympic rings , compared the Beijing Games with those in Nazi Germany in 1936 .
" The EU must altogether refuse to attend the opening ceremony , because it is a political act , " Cohn - Bendit said during a parliamentary session .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy is the only European leader who has suggested the possibility of a complete boycott of the Games .
However , Poettering on Wednesday proposed a European boycott of the Aug. 8 opening ceremony .
" I genuinely say that all politicians must ask themselves whether they can attend the opening ceremony if China fails to take part in dialogue , " he said .
The US likes to call out other countries for not being tough enough with intellectual property rules , and it tosses countries like Russia , China , and even Israel onto " watch lists " and " priority watch lists " in an attempt to force changes .
But the US comes in for its share of IP - related criticism from other countries both small and large , too .
When it happens , though , we 're not nearly so quick to change our ways .
Two ongoing cases illustrate the point .
First , the European Union is pushing for the US to change a pair of rules that it calls " long - standing trade irritants . "
Despite World Trade Organization rulings against it , the US has not yet corrected either case for a period of several years .
Ambassador John Bruton , who represents the EU in the US , said in a statement late last week that he wants to see the matters resolved .
" As the stakes continue to grow in the intellectual property arena , the US should not weaken its voice in the debate by ignoring treaty obligations and WTO decisions , " Bruton said .
" American delay on fixing the ' Irish Music ' and ' Havana Club ' cases diminish the arguments that both the US and EU countries have against China and other countries that continue to tolerate widespread intellectual property rights infringement . "
The so - called " Irish Music " dispute concerns the portion of US copyright law that lets restaurants and shops play broadcast music without compensating the copyright holders .
As previous coverage of this issue shows , Europe takes a fairly hard - line stance on these payments ; a UK car repair chain was even targeted by collecting societies because its mechanics played their radios loud enough that customers could hear them .
The WTO ruled against the US in 2000 , and the US responded not by changing its laws , but by making payments directly to European collecting societies .
Now , those payments have lapsed but the US law remains .
The Havana Club issues stems from the long - standing US effort to impose sanctions on Cuba .
The US reduced the rights of US companies who owned trademarks " which previously belonged to a Cuban national or company expropriated in the course of the Cuban revolution . "
Such marks , including " Havana Club Rum , " were no longer protected in the US , could not be renewed , and could not be enforced .
This makes EU companies that have invested in Cuban business less than pleased , especially when they believe that US drink makers were behind the rule change .
The US also lost a WTO ruling on the matter and was to have complied by 2005 .
To date , it has not .
The second case concerns Antigua and Barbuda , a small Caribbean country home to all sorts of online vices , including gambling and DRM circumvention .
Antigua took the US to the WTO years ago over charges that the US was unfairly criminalizing access to Antiguan gambling websites while still allowing US - based horse racing sites to function .
The WTO ruled against the US on several occasions , including a 2007 ruling that found the US had not yet bothered to comply with previous rulings .
In retaliation , Antigua has announced a radical plan in an attempt to force its larger neighbor to play ball .
The Antiguan government has recently stated that it will allow piracy of US intellectual property such as movies and music unless the US changes its gambling policy ( though this move has yet to be authorized by the WTO ) .
Apparently , it 's easy to get hot and bothered when it 's industries from your country that claim to be badly affected by rules elsewhere .
When it comes to the claims of other countries , though , even claims that have been validated by the WTO , it 's much easier to see the complexity of the situation , to spend years arguing those complexities before judges , and to do nothing even when compelled by rulings .
This sort of behavior makes it that much harder to assert some kind of moral high ground when China , Russia , and others pick and choose which of their WTO obligations they are going to comply with .
Rating :
1
2
3
4
5 ( 26 votes ) Views : 67060
Rating :
1
2
3
4
5 ( 26 votes ) Views : 67060
LOOK AT THEM
Tags : balls , monkey
Coal Boss : If You Take Photos , ' You 're Liable to Get Shot ' Coal boss Don Blankenship grabbed ABC reporter 's camera during the incident .
April 3 , 2008  --
" If you 're going to start taking pictures of me , you 're liable to get shot , " the chairman of one of the country 's biggest coal mining companies , Don Blankenship of Massey Energy , told an ABC News reporter before grabbing the reporter 's camera .
The incident this week , in the parking lot of a Massey Energy office in Belfry , Ky. , is just the latest chapter in the saga of Blankenship 's controversial relationship with the West Virginia Supreme Court , which is hearing appeals that could cost his company hundreds of millions of dollars .
Photographs recently emerged showing Blankenship vacationing on the French Riviera with the state Supreme Court Chief Justice Elliott " Spike " Maynard .
Earlier , Blankenship helped to raise $ 3.5 million for a television advertising campaign that led to the defeat of another Supreme Court justice .
Massey Energy has also moved to have another justice recuse himself from cases involving the company because of an alleged bias against Massey and Blankenship .
The parking lot incident took place as ABC News sought to ask Blankenship questions for a report to be broadcast Monday on ABC News ' " World News With Charles Gibson " and " Nightline . "
In a letter to ABC , Blankenship 's lawyers said , " Mr. Blankenship has been a frequent target for harassment and physical attacks over the years , so his reaction is not so surprising when you consider that he was approached unannounced by an intruder on private property . "
The lawyers claimed the ABC reporter " pushed his camera closer to Mr. Blankenship 's face " without " having identified himself or his news organization . "
Tape of the incident shows the reporter twice identified himself as being from ABC News as he walked up to Blankenship .
As seen on the tape , Blankenship first issued his warning about being " shot " and then approached the reporter and put out his left hand to grab the camera , twisting the view finder and breaking off the microphone in the process .
The tape was not damaged , and the video will be included in the ABC News report Monday .
Blankenship told the Charleston Daily Mail he could n't recall any threats .
" Quite frankly , I do n't know what I said except that I know I 'm never loud , vulgar or rude to strangers . "
The ABC News reporter , Asa Eslocker , said Blankenship grabbed him around the collar with both hands .
Blankenship declined to answer questions in person about his relationship with the Supreme Court chief justice but in a statement issued later , he said , " The notion that I have taken any action to improperly influence the Supreme Court of West Virginia is baseless and absurd . "
Blankenship and Justice Maynard have acknowledged they spent several days together on vacation in Europe at a time when the court was considering appeals involving Blankenship 's coal company , the country 's fourth largest .
" Each of us paid our own way , " Blankenship said .
Justice Maynard told ABC News of Blankenship , " I think he bought a dinner , I bought a dinner .
I think we each bought a dinner . "
Both men deny discussing the case while on vacation together .
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
How people read facial expressions of others says a lot about their cultural upbringing , a new study suggests .
While Americans home in on a central figure , Japanese take in facial expressions of an entire group to gauge a person 's emotional state .
The results could reflect North Americans ' " rugged individualism " and tendency to stress human independence over reliance on the group .
" East Asians seem to have a more holistic pattern of attention , perceiving people in terms of the relationships to others , " said lead researcher Takahiko Masuda , a psychology professor at the University of Alberta .
" People raised in the North American tradition often find it easy to isolate a person from [ their ] surroundings . "
Masuda added East Asians are accustomed to " kuuki wo yomu , " which literally translates to " reading the air " of a situation .
" As a result , they think that even surrounding people 's facial expressions are an informative source to understand the particular person 's emotion , " Masuda said .
The results will be detailed in a forthcoming issue of the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology .
Reading faces
For Masuda 's study , about 80 Japanese and American student participants viewed a series of images showing a center model and four background individuals .
In each image , participants indicated whether the central figure was sad , happy or angry .
The researchers manipulated the facial expression of the center person or the background foursome .
More than 70 percent of Japanese students said their answers were influenced by the emotions of the background figures .
About the same percentage of Western participants said they were not influenced by the background individuals .
In another round of image - viewing , the researchers found Japanese subjects spent more time looking at the surrounding people than did the Westerners .
" When North Americans are trying to figure out how a person is feeling , they selectively focus on that particular person ’s facial expression , " Masuda said , " whereas Japanese consider the emotions of the other people in the situation . "
Cultural divide
As international trade , labor migration and the spread of technology become dominant forces for the global economic and social landscape , fluency in cross-cultural differences is becoming critical for just about everyone .
Here are just a few more examples of how and why :
Take the cultural conundrum of the greeting : Cheek - kissing would be expected when meeting a friend or business associate in regions such as Latin America , but not so much in some Asian communities .
A brain - scan study , detailed in the January issue of the journal Psychological Science , revealed another cultural lens .
Americans have a tougher time comparing one object to others , while East Asians had trouble making an absolute judgment about a single object .
Past research has shown that Japanese individuals look to a person 's eyes to glean emotional cues , whereas Americans focus on the mouth .
Since eyes are trickier to control than the mouth , the researchers of that study suggested Japanese could be better than Americans at perceiving a person 's true feelings .
The recent research was supported by the Culture and Cognition Program and Rackham Graduate Program at the University of Michigan and by the Center of Cultural and Ecological Foundation of the Mind at Hokkaido University .
The Pentagon entrusted a 22 - year old previously arrested for domestic violence and having a forged driving licence to be the main supplier of ammunition to Afghan forces at the height of the battle against a resurgent Taliban , it was reported today .
AEY , essentially a one - man operation based in an unmarked office in Miami Beach , was awarded a contract worth $ 300 m to supply the Afghan army and police in January last year .
But as the New York Times reported in a lengthy investigation , AEY 's president , Efraim Diversoli , 22 , supplied stock that was 40 years old and rotting packing material .
" Much of the ammunition comes from the aging stockpiles of the old Communist bloc , including stockpiles that the state department and Nato have determined to be unreliable and obsolete , and have spent millions of dollars to have destroyed , " the paper said .
The report on AEY was the latest instance in the post - 9/11 world of a previously unknown private firm securing a lucrative defence contract in Iraq and Afghanistan under the Bush administration 's policy of privatising growing aspects of the military .
" Operations like this pop up like mushrooms after the rain , " said Milton Bearden , a former CIA official who in the 1980s was in charge of arming Afghan rebel groups fighting the former Soviet Union .
" For the most part the US or coalition forces will stick with the Warsaw Pact weapons and munitions systems that were already being used by the Afghans or the Iraqis .
That means there becomes an almost insatiable demand for certain munition .
Suppliers go all over the world start sweeping out warehouses and you end up with boxes full of junk and unstable gear if you are not careful . "
The army suspended AEY from future contracts during the course of the investigation - although it continues to fill existing orders .
The Times said Diversoli was unaware of the action although he was to be formally notified yesterday .
Until then , however , Diversoli appears to have had a good run .
He told the Times his firm had won contracts worth $ 200 m each year since 2004 .
AEY also supplied weapons and ballistic vets to US government agencies , as well as rifles to Iraqi forces .
In 2006 , AEY was among ten firms bidding on a contract to supply 52 kinds of ammunition for the Afghan security forces .
But while his business was taking off , Diveroli was accused of violent behaviour involving two girlfriends and the parking attendant at his apartment building .
In December 2006 , Diversoli was charged with battery after beating up the parking attendant , according to the newspaper .
Police recovered a forged driving licence from Diversoli's flat which led to a separate charge .
He entered a programme for first - time offenders to avoid trial .
AEY 's contract was approved weeks later in January 2007 , and Diversoli began scouring the globe for suppliers .
Diversoli turned to Albania , which had large weapons dumps .
However , the Times reported that the firm ended up paying for Kalashnikov rounds that was so obsolete and unsafe that the US and Nato were funding programmes to see them safely destroyed .
AEY also purchased 9 million cartridges from a Czech citizen who had been linked by the authorities to illegal arms trafficking to Congo .
At first , the Pentagon defended its contractor .
" AEY 's proposal represented the best value to the government , " the Army Sustainment Command wrote to the New York Times .
I have for some time wanted to write on this subject , but have felt unable to do so , because without American support , there would have been no European Union .
The International Herald Tribune ’s leader of 12 - 13 January 2008 , “ Looking for an America we can recognize again ” , made me change my mind .
Strong criticism of US policies is not criticism of the America with whom Europe had a close relationship and shared so much in common .
It is of today ’s America , with the end of its political and moral , and soon , economic leadership .
A new approach to the US global role was born with George W Bush ’s arrival at the White House in 2001 with the primary help of Dr Dick Cheney and midwife Donald Rumsfeld , after two decades of neo -con incubation .
This approach is best summarised by quoting from ‘ Rebuilding America ’s defences : Strategy , Forces and Resources for a new Century : A Project for the New American Century ’ September 2000 :
“ The US is the world ’s only superpower , combining pre-eminent military power , global technological leadership and the world ’s largest economy .
At present the US faces no global rival .
America ’s grand strategy should be to preserve and extend this advantageous position as far into the future as possible . ”
The US National Security Strategy of December 2002 confirmed that :
“ To forestall or prevent such hostile acts by our adversaries , the United States will , if necessary , act preemptively in exercising our inherent right of self - defense .
The United States will not resort to force in all cases to preempt emerging threats . ”
This approach inevitably meant unilateralism , and exclusion and containment of ‘ enemies ’ ( including potential ones ) , underscoring the clash of two distinct approaches : confrontation or dialogue .
As Bob Kagan put it in his recent essay , “ End of Dreams , Return of History ” , Americans have , since 1945 , insisted on a “ preponderance of power ” in the world rather than a balance of power with other nations .
They have operated on the ideological conviction that liberal democracy is the only legitimate form of government .
The idea of pre-emptive or preventive action is not a novel concept in US foreign policy .
Kagan concludes that “ the broad direction of American foreign policy is unlikely to change … ”
Kagan ’s thesis is that according to history , all countries which have become mutually powerful , sooner or later use that power aggressively .
The application of this thesis produces a self - fulfilling prophesy , as ‘ he whom you treat as your enemy becomes your enemy ’ .
Containing China through ringing it with military bases ( the US has a military presence in 120 countries ) will ensure massive Chinese military expenditure .
The question as to whom China is arming against , is equally applied to the US .
Despite the improvement in the transatlantic relationship during Bush ’s second term , the gulf between Washington and European capitals , with one or two notable exceptions , is still dangerously wide .
Many of those anxious to preserve the transatlantic have sought to play down the differences , but that is not how to restore the relationship to its former level .
The George W Bush regime has graphically revealed and increased the gulf of misunderstanding that already existed .
And a gulf cannot be bridged if its width is underestimated .
American exceptionalism
The speeches and writings of all three candidates for the White House reveal a common thread : American exceptionalism .
Expressed in different ways , all candidates see the United States as the ongoing hegemonic power .
They see in their different ways the US as providing global leadership and promoting ultimate good .
The foreign policy of even Barack Obama is that the US must remain the world ’s sherriff , has the right to take unilateral action and that the UN Security Council should not have a veto power over US options .
This has been a constant theme at least since World War II .
Dean Acheson , Truman ’s Secretary of State , came to believe “ that the United States had an appointment with destiny , from which there was no easy way out but for the nation to lead and bend its whole energies to ordering the world ” .
President Eisenhower proclaimed that the defence of freedom was one and indivisible , and American policies were an extension of America ’s moral responsibilities .
The term “ manifest destiny ” was coined over 150 years ago , falling out of fashion early last century , but the concept has continued to influence American political ideology .
Multilateralism , as practised by George HW Bush and Bill Clinton , meant that every effort was made to garner the support and participation of others but , not to the exclusion of acting unilaterally , if this failed .
There is a tendency to define relationships by reference to common values rather than common interests .
The trouble is that the same nominal value usually has different interpretations , such as democracy and human rights .
Even when the interpretations are the same , the means to achieve them may be different .
The application of values is frequently inconsistent and hypocritical and in fact disguises self - interest .
Unconditional altruism is not common in people and inconceivable in a nation as a whole .
Common values clearly defined the transatlantic relationship in the immediate aftermath of WWII ; but also common interests .
The world has drastically changed since then and so has both Europe and the US .
There are now many differences between us , such as :
hard or soft power
unilateralism or multilateralism
economic and social balance
forms of democracy
balance between security and freedom
engagement and containment .
There has been a European tendency to blame the Bush Administration for the increased divergences between the US and Europe and assume all will be well after Bush .
But greater realism must be injected into the European approach to the relationship .
Such realism has always existed in US policy towards Europe .
This does not mean rupturing the relationship : realism , acknowledged and wisely applied , will strengthen the ties .
Multilateralism obviously excludes unilateralism , but it also excludes bilateralism , except as a component of multilateralism .
Currently , Europe ’s relationship with the US defines to a considerable extent its foreign policy or policies .
This is unsurprising in an hegemonic world .
Thus , the EU - China relationship is directly influenced by each ’s relationship with the US .
Trade apart , the overall feeling in Europe is to wait for the 2008 US presidential election after which transatlantic relations will ‘ return to normal ’ .
However , the clock cannot be turned back and the world situation today is vastly different from that prevailing when George W Bush became president in 2001 .
Economic storm clouds are gathering :
The US and China defy the law of economic gravity , one with an unsustainable , rising current account deficit and the other with an unsustainable , rising trade surplus .
Economic recession appears to be around the corner .
The extent of the sub - prime mortgage crisis is still unknown .
There is a loss of confidence within the US .
There is no effective international economic and monetary mechanism to cope with an international economic and monetary crisis .
The US must bear substantial responsibility for what has happened .
The sub - prime mortgage crisis illustrates that human greed has few limitations .
The selling of mortgages to uncreditworthy borrowers and repackaging them as triple A investment packages was fraud .
And their acceptance by American and international banking and institutional investors was criminal negligence .
The present Administration ’s Greater Middle East policy is in tatters and that part of the world is markedly more dangerous than it was in 1991 .
This is not the place to analyse how a policy , obviously doomed from the outset , could have been pursued so relentlessly and inefficiently .
The long - standing policy of promoting stability was replaced by one promoting democracy in the mistaken belief that democracy would bring stability .
Not only has the imposition of western democracy without consideration for historical and cultural differences created chaos but , where democratic elections have taken place ( Iraq , Lebanon , Palestine , and Algeria in the past ) they have produced governments led by or including Islamic extremists .
Amitai Etzioni argues ( see 16 March post ) that the first priority in foreign policy is to provide basic security , not to democratize .
Americans and Europeans in general see the Middle East through different prisms .
The US is at war with ‘ terror ’ which it largely associates with radical Islam .
Europeans tend to see a more nuanced situation and also focus on how to improve the conditions which form the breeding ground of terrorism .
EU leadership role
After the Iraq débacle , the US cannot in the foreseeable future , whoever occupies the White House , recover its moral leadership .
There is a vacuum which the European Union should fill , but on present performance will not , despite the fact that other countries would welcome it .
Equally worrying is the silence of our leaders in condemning a possible return to the balance of power games that led to three European civil wars .
The recent struggle between Russia , US and China over energy sourcing and distribution in the ’stans has echoes of the ‘ Great Game ’ .
American , Japanese and Chinese manoeuvring in East Asia is an exercise in balance of power politics .
Europe needs a foreign policy independent of the US , which does not mean independence for its own sake .
It is obviously preferable to agree on as many issues as possible .
These remain mere aspirations until the EU is able to speak with one voice .
It is to be hoped that the Treaty of Lisbon will seriously influence the formulation of EU external policy .
Is it too much to hope that the leaders of 27 democratic states will eventually listen to the people , who in successive opinion polls have confirmed their wish for a European foreign policy ?
The EU has not been allowed by the Member States ( and in particular by the ego of its leaders ) to forge truly common external policies ( trade apart ) , notwithstanding that it is obvious that all the major challenges facing society today are global and the influence of one , even large , Member State , is insignificant .
Such external policies that Member States have , tend to be predicated on their attitudes towards and degree of dependence on the US .
We have a year or so to put the new treaty debate behind us and rethink and ( re ) state our external policy on a number of issues .
Monnet ’s post - World War II objective was to organise the peace , which required countries to cooperate closely , based on pooled sovereignty and without individual national vetoes .
“ And the Community itself is only a stage on the way to the organised world of tomorrow ” was the final sentence of Monnet ’s Memoirs .
He saw a successful EEC ( as it then was ) as a step towards establishing a system of global order .
We can only progress towards this end if there is a degree of trust .
Trust needs to be created , but this cannot be done by declaring common values and making rhetorical pledges , but by building it slowly and steadily over the years through working together .
Working together effectively requires mutual understanding of each other ’s politics , economic conditions , history , culture , thinking …
When looking at a problem , it is essential to try to understand how the problem is seen by the other party and in what context .
This involves some knowledge of one another ’s histories and cultures .
Europe is well qualified to take a lead but cannot begin until it gets its own act together .
When will the EU ’s national leaders deliver what Europe needs and its citizens want ?
Will the Member States appoint three strong leaders next year , namely the Presidents of the European Council and Commission , and the Foreign Policy Chief ; and will they give them the necessary political support ?
How the West handles China will be the supreme test .
While there is no guarantee that the ‘ soft ’ European political approach will succeed , the US ‘ hard ’ approach is doomed from the outset as it is a self - fulfilling prophesy .
The EU - US relationship remains the most important one to both parties but its nature must necessarily change .
This should be directly addressed in the early days of the next US Presidency , beginning with the future defence and security roles of NATO and the EU and their relationship with each other .
President Kennedy in Philadelphia in 1962 proposed an equal partnership between the US and Europe .
This is now as much in the interests of the America as it is of Europe .
Author : Stanley Crossick
The filesharing documentary Steal This Film has been a great success .
Yet , despite millions of downloads and a lot of support from the P2P community , they admit they have n't yet covered the costs of producing STF II .
There is hope though .
Steal This Film Part 1 was mostly about the raid on The Pirate Bay and its aftermath .
Part 2 however , views filesharing from a broader perspective and looks into the historical dimension of this movement .
The film features admins from The Pirate Bay and Mininova , among others .
The League of Noble Peers , creators of Steal This Film , have been very upbeat about donations to the project and the possibilities of P2P for creativity .
However , despite hundreds of donations , the project still is n’t out of the red yet .
All is not lost , though .
Fans of the Steal This Film series have another chance to help the Peers as they raise money to continue the project .
Steal
This Film II is currently running 3rd in the Babelgum Online Film Festival ’s documentary category .
Babelgum is a Joost - like service that allows you watch free and full length videos , full screen .
Babelgum will add up the votes of users from their professional jury to find three films in each category to be judged by Spike Lee .
If they win their category , the Peers stand to win $ 30,000 ( EU20,000 ) towards the project .
All you have to do to help is download the client , search for “ Steal This Film ” and cast your vote to let the jury know what you think .
“ It sucks to have to download a client , we know , but the cash would come in handy for the next phase of the film , ’ said Jamie King of the League of Noble Peers .
“ And it would be fun to meet Spike – we dug ‘ 25th Hour ‘ !
Big thanks to anyone who takes time out to lend us their support again . ”
Of course , Steal This Film remains free to download and redistribute at stealthisfilm.com .
For those who have n’t seen it yet , it ’s a must watch .
A responsible traveler wo n't set foot in another country without knowing how to viciously insult the people in their native language .
Odds are , you wo n't even make it out of the airport before a situation arises that requires obscenities .
But " obscenity " is an ever - moving target .
It 's an amalgamation of cultural taboos , the impact of current events and your mom .
Accordingly , every country has developed a uniquely beautiful set of curses and insults that set it apart .
While some insults are broadly accessible , like your mom , others will require a little background for the new student .
Thus , we offer this helpful guide to the best and most vulgar ( and very real ) insults from around the world : Advertisement
9 " Suck butter from my ass " ( Chupe mantequilla de mi culo ) Who Said That ?
The Spanish .
Dear God Why ?
How does a culture wind up with " suck the butter from my ass " as an insult ?
It 's starts with " Me cago en la leche , " meaning " I shit in the milk . "
It 's a common statement that 's essentially a variant of " Damnit ! "
We 're unsure how milk + poop = a jaunty , multipurpose expletive , but here we are .
Other helpful Spanish phrases :
When dookie is used for even the most pedestrian exclamations , more heated applications escalate the filth factor pretty rapidly : Continue Reading Below Advertisement " I shit on your dead " ( Me cago en tus muertos ) " I shit on God " ( Me cago en Dios ) " I shit in / on your whore mother " ( Me cago en tu puta madre ) Note that 's " in " or " on , " we guess depending on how she likes it .
And the list goes on .
These folks just love shit .
Basically you can hold your own in any argument in Spain if you 're creative enough with where you deposit your waste matter .
If you 're a man who is sharp enough to destroy someone with this virtualized shit - flinging , pride may reward you with a " Brazo de santo , " which literally translates to " arm of a saint " which means a full erection .
8 " A thousand dicks in your religion " ( Elif air ab dinikh ) Continue Reading Below Advertisement Who Said That ?
The Arabs .
Dear God Why ?
If you thought Spanish had an unusual fixation with fecal matter allow the Arabs to put it in perspective with their penis - based potshots .
Describing someone as a " fatah " ( foreskin ) alone is considered a grave insult and that 's only the tip of the proverbial / metaphorical ... iceberg .
Other helpful Arabic phrases :
" May you be struck by a dick " ( Air il'e yoshmotak ) " My dick in your conscience " ( Airy fe dameerak ) " My dick in your mother 's rib cage " ( Eyreh be afass seder emmak )
That 's not to say they 're just smut peddlers insult - wise .
Some of the most disrespectful things you can say are 100 percent penis - free like " Surmayye a'raasac " ( A shoe is on your head ) .
The foot is considered the most filthy part of the body , courtesy of their deserts not having any shortages on dirt .
To direct your foot at someone verbally or physically means you are n't hiding your contempt , as vividly demonstrated by the thousands of Nike treads upside Saddam 's bronze dome ( right ) .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
That explanation was a lot easier to track back than " Yela 'an sabe ' a jad lak " ( Damn your seventh grandfather ) , which is the deepest scope of damnation demonstrated by any culture thus far .
We 're not sure about the relevance of the " seventh , " but we do respect that kind of surgical precision when trying to denigrate someone 's family .
About the author
( NewsTarget )
For years , researchers have suspected that low levels of vitamin D in the body might raise the odds a woman will develop breast cancer , but hard scientific proof has been lacking .
Now a new study conducted by scientists at the German Cancer Research Center ( Deutsches Krebsforschungszentrum , DKFZ ) , collaborating with researchers of the University Hospitals in Hamburg - Eppendorf , provides evidence that women with low blood levels of vitamin D clearly have a substantially increased risk of breast cancer .
The study , published in the medical journal , involved 1,394 breast cancer patients and an equal number of healthy women .
All were post - menopausal .
While earlier studies have looked primarily at how much vitamin D was in women 's diets , the German scientists documented the women 's total vitamin D status , measuring both vitamin D intake from food and also the vitamin D created by the body when exposed to sunlight .
To this end , the scientists took measurements of serum 25 - hydroxy vitamin D [ 25 ( OH ) D ] , a vitamin D metabolite that indicates overall vitamin D status .
The results ?
Women with a very low blood level of 25 ( OH ) D had a considerably increased breast cancer risk .
The anti-cancer properties of vitamin D might be explained by the fact the vitamin influences cell growth , cell differentiation and programmed cell death ( apoptosis ) .
The research team , headed by Dr. Jenny Chang , also pointed out that vitamin D may exert its cancer - preventing effect by counteracting the growth - spurring effect of estrogens .
" Our findings strongly suggest a protective effect for post - menopausal breast cancer through a better vitamin D supply , " the scientists concluded .
In addition to its impact on cells , vitamin D regulates calcium metabolism in the human body .
Besides upping cancer risk , a lack of vitamin D can contribute to fatigue , recurring infections , poor stamina and some forms of asthma .
Foods that are high in vitamin D include sea fish ( cod liver oil ) , eggs and dairy products .
However , as the German researchers emphasized in their paper , the largest portion of vitamin D is produced by our own body with the aid of sunlight .
Unfortunately , Americans often do not have enough exposure to sunlight for optimum health , according to physician Dr. James E. Dowd , author of the new book " The Vitamin Cure " ( Wiley ) .
Dr. Dowd says 55 percent of children and 60 percent of all people in the United States lack healthful levels of vitamin D. An earlier study published infound that daily consumption of dairy products reduce the risk for postmenopausal breast cancer .
The authors suggested that calcium and vitamin D in dairy foods may lower the risk for cancer due to both direct effects on cell proliferation and hormones .
According to the National Cancer institute , 182,360 new cases of breast cancer in women are expected to be diagnosed in 2008 .
Sherry Baker is a widely published writer whose work has appeared in Newsweek , Health , the Atlanta Journal and Constitution , Yoga Journal , Optometry , Atlanta , Arthritis Today , Natural Healing Newsletter , OMNI , UCLAs " Healthy Years " newsletter , Mount Sinai School of Medicines " Focus on Health Aging " newsletter , the Cleveland Clinics " Mens Health Advisor " newsletter and many others .
Note on the obvious : these thoughts represent my original state of mind when this post was first made , and do not necessarily reflect my current understanding .
This OP is left unmodified for reference purposes .
Introduction
Various logics and mathematics , such as set theory , predicate calculus , arithmetic , et. al. were relatively intuitive and came easy to grasp when I learned them .
Additionally , they came with their obvious applications , not just to problems in the real world , but also to programming and programming languages .
It is easy to see the higher level of abstraction that comes from using these as opposed to a computation - oriented programming language .
Predicate calculus , in particular , is a powerful language suited to various boons from a programmer 's perspective , including arbitrary constraint qualification as a means to better aspect - oriented programming .
However , I have not been able to identify any such gains from category theory .
I can't see how it is any better than anything else .
Note :
My understanding of category theory is very shoddy , so using lots of category - theoretic terminology may obscure my understanding of your answer -- being moderate will help .
From what I gather , a morphism seems to be a transformation ( possibly represented by one or more functions ) , and the objects in a category could be represented as a set .
But if I am right , then how is category theory any better than just simply using functions , relations , and set theory ?
I can never be sure if my understanding of category theory heads in the right direction , however , because nobody has tried to define category theory in a non-category - theoretic way , which has left me to wallow in the misery of trying to understand these concepts by googling for and reading all the non-terminating , mutually recursive definitions of such concepts .
If all these proportedly wonderful concepts and discoveries made by scientists go over everyone else 's heads , then how is anyone going to benefit ?
These concepts might as well have never been discovered , in such a case .
Prime points to address :
You have decided to upgrade the siding of your home in order to provide it with an up - to - date look and increased security from the elements .
The following are some of the basic preparations homeowners should do for their new siding :
1. Hire a Professional and Reliable Siding Service Provider
Look for a service provider who has enough experience in all kinds of siding installations .
Even the best and high - quality materials will not give your house the security it deserves if it ’s not installed the right way .
You should make sure that the service provider is insured and licensed .
Having these only shows that the service provider takes his reputation and job seriously .
These two both act as security for you as well as your property .
In addition to that , you should also check for the references .
Contact each one of them and ask certain questions that could help you .
Were they professional ?
Did they arrive at the working site on time ?
Did they do the task to your expectations ?
Did the task come in on budget ?
Did they do after - care on the work site ?
Would you hire them again if given the chance ?
2. Learn More About Your Local Codes and Regulations
Before you talk with a service provider , you may take some time to know about local codes and regulations pertaining to the siding installation , you can determine if the service provider is being true to you or not .
3. Prepare Your Driveway and Yard
Before you start the installation process , you actually need to do some things outside your house to be ready .
Remove your furniture , lawn ornaments and some other materials which will be in the right way of the installation group .
Park your vehicles elsewhere .
The service provider will need room for the dumpster , need an area to stage and unload the siding material , and have the work trucks as well .
Trim shrubs and trees around the space where your siding installation process takes place .
4. Prepare the Interior of Your House
You actually have a few things which need to be done inside your house such as :
Remove all the things the hangs on your walls .
The work crews will do a lot of pounding that can shake things off your wall .
Taking time to be prepared will make sure proper siding installation .
If you need a quotation for your siding project , do not hesitate to contact the siding company and ask for it .
Relocate any knick - knacks or valuables which you keep close to your walls to prevent damage .
Three Advantages of Doing Siding and Roofing Project at the Same Time
A lot of homeowners might not be aware that replacing their siding and roofing at one time is a wise strategy for saving cash especially with the help of a quality siding installation Baltimore .
The preparation that goes into both siding and roofing is quite similar therefore , it really does make sense to prepare for one task instead of two .
1. Easier Planning
2. Less Labor Costs
3. Energy Savings
Take it as informed opinion , or the latest in a long line of sweet nothings as the company primes its takeover bid for Take Two , but Electronic Art's CEO John Riccitiello has stated that Hollywood executives fear that this spring 's big blockbuster Iron Man 's success at the box office could be affected by the release of Grand Theft Auto IV
Speaking to the Financial Times , Riccitiello said " The buzz in Hollywood , which I heard from some Hollywood folks ... is people are worried whether Iron Man the movie is going to get killed by Grand Theft Auto the game . "
Grand Theft Auto IV is due to launch worldwide on April 29 , with Iron Man hitting American cinemas on April 30 before opening in the UK on May 2 .
" It feels like what movie moguls might have seen in the 1920s and said : ' Hey , we 've got talkies now , where is it going ? ' " he continued , " I feel like we 've stepped through a time window where our games are so compelling and seem so real .
" The comments come as Electronic Art 's bid for Grand Theft Auto publishers Take Two steps up a gear , with more details of the increasingly hostile takeover attempt expected to emerge later this week .
Manufacturer Asus Model Xonar DX Price ( Street ) $ 89.99 Availability
Now I used to date a girl who was a little obsessive about what she ate .
At every opportunity , she would buy fat - free , low - calorie , or otherwise diet derivatives of common food items .
Now there ’s nothing wrong with foods that are naturally fat - free or low in calories , but when you strip out the fat , salt , sugar , and delicious - but - carcinogenic chemicals , something is usually lost in the translation .
Fat - free ice cream , for example , lacks the all - important creaminess that fat provides .
Unsalted potato chips fall flat precisely because they lack salt .
And Diet Coke , well , that just tastes wrong .
Diet versions of existing products tend to be hollow representations of the originals , so we were understandably a little cautious when Asus announced its new Xonar DX sound card .
The PC hardware giant stormed onto the sound card scene with the Xonar D2X just a few months ago , putting longtime market magnate Creative on notice .
A $ 180 asking price put the D2X firmly in luxury territory , but with PCI Express connectivity , high quality components , innovative features , and useful bundled extras , it ’s definitely worth the priceespecially when you consider the card ’s solid gaming performance and exceptional sound quality .
Asus ’ new Xonar rings in at half the cost of the D2X , and the card itself is half the size .
Naturally , then , the DX is missing some of the features and extras of its full - fat cousin .
Keep reading to see how the diet Xonar fares without them .
The Xonar , sans frills The Xonar DX differs from its D2X cousin in many ways , but some of those differences are more important than others .
Take the audio chips used in each card , for example .
The DX employs what ’s marked as an Asus AV100 audio processor while the D2X uses an AV200 .
Do n’t pay too much attention to the names silk - screened onto the chips , though ; they ’re the very same C - Media Oxygen HD audio processor under the hood .
Asus says the chips go through a “ quality sorting ” process to separate the AV100s from the AV200s .
Asus Xonar D2X Asus Xonar DX
Audio chip Asus AV200 Asus AV100
Digital - to - analog converter TI Burr Brown PCM1796 Cirrus Logic CS4398 ( front )
Cirrus Logic CS4362A ( center , rear , side )
Analog - to - digital converter Cirrus Logic CS5381 Cirrus Logic CS5361
Maximum recording quality 24 - bit / 192kHz 24-bit/192kHz
Maximum playback quality 24 - bit / 192kHz 24-bit/192kHz
Signal - to - noise rating 118 dB 116dB ( front )
112dB ( center , rear , side )
Output channels 7.1 7.1
Multichannel digital output Dolby Digital Live , DTS Dolby Digital Live
Interface PCI Express x1 PCI Express x1
Street price $ 89.99
The Xonar DX ’s AV100 audio processor may differ from the AV200 in name only , but that ’s not the case with the card ’s other onboard components .
The DX uses a combination of Cirrus Logic CS4398 and CS4362A digital - to - analog converters to feed its analog output ports .
The CS4398 is in charge of the card ’s front output channels , and with a signal - to - noise rating of 120 dB , it ’s the higher - quality of the two .
Center , side , and rear channels are handled by a CS4362A chip that carries an SNR rating of only 114 dB .
For reference , the TI Burr Brown DACs used for all of the Xonar D2X ’s output channels carry a 123 dB SNR rating .
Going in the opposite direction , from analog to digital , both Xonars feature ADCs from Cirrus Logic .
The cards use different chips , though , with the DX featuring a CS5361 to the D2X’s CS5381 .
Signal - to - noise ratings once again favor the D2X .
The CS5381 is rated for 120 dB , while the CS5361 has a rated 114 dB SNR .
Individual parts specs are important , of course , but we ’re more interested in the Xonar DX as a sound card .
Asus pegs the card ’s overall signal - to - noise rating at 116 dB for the front outputs and 112 dB for the rest .
That ’s reasonably close to the 118 dB SNR rating of the Xonar D2X , especially if you ’re mostly going to be listening to stereo content .
Despite differences in SNR , both cards support high - definition audio at up to 24 bits and 192k Hz across all their inputs and outputs .
Support for 192k
Hz recording is particularly notable because Creative ’s X - Fis can only record at up to 96k Hz .
Like most modern sound cards , the Xonars feature 7.1 analog output channels .
Their Oxygen HD audio chips are also capable of encoding Dolby Digital Live bitstreams in real time .
Support for real - time Dolby Digital Live encoding is useful for folks who want to play games on multi-channel speakers using a digital output .
Running multi-channel output through a single digital connection is much neater than using a bunch of analog cables , although you will need a compatible receiver or set of digital speakers capable of decoding a Dolby Digital Live signal .
In addition its ability to encode DDL bitstreams on the fly , the Oxygen HD audio chip can also do real - time DTS Interactive encoding .
This DTS encoding capability does n’t make the cut for the Xonar DX , though ; it ’s only exposed in the pricier D2X model .
DTS Interactive and Dolby Digital Live perform the same function , so the only thing the Xonar DX really loses here is compatibility with receivers or digital speakers that support the former but not the latter .
While it ’s not listed in the chart , we should note that the Xonar DX retains the D2X ’s support for Dolby Headphone and Virtual Speaker , er , virtualization schemes that simulate 5.1 - channel environments over stereo output .
Dolby Pro-Logic
IIx is also on the menu for those who want to up - mix stereo or 5.1 - channel content for output across 6.1 or 7.1 channels .
A creative approach to EAX support Perhaps the greatest weakness of the Oxygen HD audio chip used in the Xonar DX is its relatively pedestrian positional 3D audio credentials .
The chip natively supports EAX 2.0 a technology that dates back to the SoundBlaster Live ! and is restricted to 32 concurrent 3D voices .
Creative ’s latest X - Fis can handle up to 128 concurrent 3D voices at higher definition sampling rates and resolutions .
The X - Fi also performs positional audio calculations in hardware , while the Oxygen HD has to offload them to the host system ’s CPU .
The popularity of multi-core processors ( and more importantly , games that leave multiple cores unused ) has lessened the need for hardware - accelerated 3D audio , but there ’s still a big gap between EAX 2.0 and 5.0 .
Asus bridges that gap with a software feature it calls DirectSound 3D GX 2.0 , which is capable of emulating EAX 5.0 functionality that had previously only been available with Creative ’s X - Fi cards .
DS3D GX presents the Xonar as an EAX 5.0 - compliant audio card , and then intercepts EAX calls , re-routing them to the Xonar ’s own audio processing engine .
That engine does its best to approximate EAX effects , and it can handle up to 128 concurrent 3D voices with enhanced reverb effects for “ most ” DirectSound 3D games .
Positional audio calculations are still performed on the host system ’s CPU , but DS3D GX at least brings the Xonar beyond EAX 2.0 ’s 32 - voice limitation .
Creative is quick to point out that DirectSound 3D GX does n’t deliver “ genuine ” EAX 5.0 effects , and Asus readily admits as much .
However , Asus also says users will be hard - pressed to tell the difference between the twoa claim we ’ll explore when we dive into listening tests a little later in the review .
Asus cites an additional advantage of its DS3D GX approach for Windows Vista users .
Vista features an all - new Universal Audio Architecture ( which you can read about in more detail in our initial look at the Xonar D2X ) that removes the hardware abstraction layer for DirectSound 3D , effectively killing positional 3D audio in games that exclusively rely on DirectSound 3D and its EAX extensions .
To work around the new audio stack , Creative offers an ALchemy software package that converts DirectSound 3D calls for processing by a third - party OpenAL API that still has direct access to audio hardware in Vista .
Thus , at least in Vista , ALchemy performs a similar function to DirectSound 3D GX .
However , ALchemy is a standalone application that must be specifically configured to work with different games .
DS3D GX is built right into the Xonar ’s drivers and does n’t require additional software or game - specific profiles .
A Xonar , halved When we talked about Asus putting the Xonar on a diet for this new DX , we were n’t joking .
The card really is quite a bit slimmer than its predecessors .
Asus builds the DX on a half - height card that ’s perfect for slimline enclosures that are too small for full - sized expansion cards .
However , at 170 mm long ( roughly six and three quarters inches , if you ’re an Imperialist ) , the card will require some open room behind your motherboard ’s PCI Express x1 slot .
Ah , yes .
The Xonar DX features PCI Express connectivity , finally giving users something reasonable to plug into their motherboards ’ x1 slots .
The extra bandwidth afforded by the PCIe interface probably wo n’t do much for the card , but it ’s certainly a more future - proof expansion standard than the older PCI interface , which seems destined to be largely phased out soon .
The Xonar ’s Oxygen HD audio chip was n’t designed for PCI Express , so Asus uses a bridge chip from PLX to adapt it to the PCIe interface .
This bridge chip appears to conflict with motherboards based on Nvidia ’s latest nForce chipsets , though .
We could n’t get the Xonar detected in a motherboard based on the nForce 790i SLI reference design , with the Vista device manager reporting problems with a PCI - to - PCI Express bridge .
The same problem also afflicts the Xonar D2X , and according to Nvidia , it ’s a BIOS issue that will be resolved with an update shortly .
We ’ve spent most of our time so far discussing features that did n’t make the cut for the Xonar DX , but the card actually includes one perk that its full - fat counterparts lack : headers for front - panel audio connectors .
Front - panel connectivity probably should have been included with the original Xonars , so it ’s nice to see Asus bring it to the DX .
With so little board real estate , it ’s no surprise that a number of the DX ’s components are mounted on the back of the card .
You do n’t get a fancy EMI shield like on the Xonar D2X , either .
And despite its diminutive size , the DX still requires auxiliary power from a four - pin floppy connector .
LED - backlit ports were probably one of our favorite features of the original Xonar , but since they ’re a little more flash than function ( at least unless you spend a lot of time swapping speakers ) , they did n’t make the cut for the Xonar DX .
Instead , users are greeted with a standard array of analog input and output ports .
If you prefer digital connections , the DX’s S / PDIF output is shared with its analog line and mic input port .
A digital S / PDIF input port is n’t provided on the port cluster , but the card does feature a four - pin auxiliary input connector .
Asus bundles the DX with an S / PDIF adapter that allows a standard TOS - Link cable to connect to the Xonar ’s shared digital output port .
A second mounting bracket is also provided for those looking to take advantage of the card ’s low - profile proportions .
Game performance
We ’ll kick things off with a selection of four of the most recent PC games on the market , each based on an entirely different engine .
All games were tested with Fraps , which logged frame rates as we played through 60 - second sections of each title .
Tests were run five times and the results averaged .
We ’ve also provided a look at how frame rates tracked through our 60 - second gameplay run and the median low frame rate for each card .
Display resolutions and in - game detail levels were chosen for each game with an eye towards delivering frame rates that we ’d be happy playing with normally .
These settings were maintained regardless of the audio card used .
Bioshock
Bioshock uses Unreal technology , delivering native support for OpenAL in Windows Vista .
DS3D GX did n’t work properly with Bioshock at first , and the game would fail to run with EAX enabled .
However , Asus was able to quickly get us an updated .dll for the Xonar ’s drivers that resolved the issue .
The Xonar does n’t deliver the highest frame rates in Bioshock , but it ’s not far off the pace set by the X - Fi XtremeMusic .
Call of Duty 4
Call of Duty 4 uses an engine of developer Infinity Ward ’s own creation .
In Windows Vista , audio is handled by OpenAL .
Average frame rates are pretty close in Call of Duty 4 .
Given the variable nature of Frapsing real - world gameplay sessions , I would n’t worry about differences of only a couple of frames per second .
Crysis Crytek ’s latest engine is an absolute beast , and rather than relying on any form of hardware acceleration , it includes a software audio mixer designed to deliver the same listening experience regardless of the user ’s sound card .
Even with Crysis crunching positional 3D audio with a software mixer , the X - Fi manages the highest average and median low frame rates .
The Xonar DX is right on its heels , though .
Quake Wars id Software has long supported cross-platform APIs like OpenGL , so it ’s no surprise that Quake Wars uses OpenAL under Windows Vista .
The DX may finish at the bottom of the pile here , but frame rates are pretty close across the board .
Windows XP CPU utilization
Since many enthusiasts have balked at moving to Windows Vista , we threw the cards through a quick round of CPU utilization tests in Windows XP .
Here , we can enjoy the full benefits of DirectSound hardware acceleration without Vista ’s Universal Audio Architecture getting in the way .
The Xonar DX looks remarkably good here , managing lower CPU utilization than even the hardware - accelerated X - Fi .
Something ’s not quite right about these results , though .
The Xonar D2X ’s CPU utilization was much higher with a previous driver revision , and with DirectSound 3D GX offloading positional audio calculations onto the host CPU , it should n’t be using fewer CPU cycles than the X - Fi .
Since the ability to encode multi-channel audio over S / PDIF is a key feature of the Xonar DX , we ’ve run some RightMark 3D Sound tests with digital output .
For these tests , the Xonar D2X , X - Fi XtremeMusic , and ALC889A were configured to pass DTS Interactive bitstreams .
The Xonar DX ca n’t output DTS Interactive , so it was set to use Dolby Digital Live instead .
Switching to multi-channel digital output does n’t change the picture much .
The ALC889A ’s CPU utilization rises slightly , but the Xonar handles Dolby Digital Live with aplomb .
Power consumption Power consumption has become a staple of our hardware coverage here at TR , but it ’s not something we usually tackle with sound cards .
Normal sound cards do n’t come with auxiliary power connectors , though , so we busted out our Watts Up ?
Pro power meter and measured total system power consumption , sans monitor and speakers , at the wall outlet .
Systems were tested at idle and again while playing an MP3 .
The Xonar DX consumes marginally less power than the D2X , and a little more than the X - Fi .
Note that adding a discrete sound card does n’t increase overall system power consumption by all that much over integrated motherboard audio .
Listening tests
For many , the most important attribute of a sound card is how it sounds .
To test that , I called in some favors with a couple of friends , subjecting them to music playback listening tests in the Benchmarking Sweatshop .
These were blind tests , with the listeners unaware of which card they were listening to at any given time .
To highlight the differences between cards , 30 - second song clips were played back - to - back on different configurations using Abit ’s iDome speakers connected via analog output .
The Xonar DX was pitted against the D2X , X - Fi XtremeMusic , and ALC889 in head - to - head matchups with each song clip , and the order of playback was randomized for each song .
This first set of listening tests examines CD - quality audio playback .
We used uncompressed WAV audio ripped directly from source CDs and played them back in Windows Media Player 11 .
Below , you ’ll find a summary of our listeners ’ impressions of how the DX compared with its competition .
I ’ve also injected a few thoughts of my own , although since I was running the tests , I knew which cards we were hearing .
Nine Inch Nails – Capital G ( Epworth Phones remix ) Nine Inch Nails goes disco with a bass - heavy Capital G version from the Y34RZ3R0R3M1X3D remix album .
Yeah , Trent Reznor ’s pretty 1337 .
Our listeners detected little difference between the Xonar DX and D2X on this track .
However , both preferred the DX to the X - Fi .
One listener commented that the DX delivered much richer bass with “ mahogany overtones , ” whatever that means .
The other found that the DX offered much fuller vocals and deeper bass than the X - Fi .
The ALC889A was clearly outmatched by the Xonar here , with both listeners describing the Realtek codec ’s playback as muddled and much poorer than that of the DX .
It was almost as if the almighty Realtek crab were overwhelmed by the song ’s pounding bass line , causing it to lose focus on other elements of the track .
Amy Winehouse – He Can Only Hold Her
While perhaps not her most ironic performance of the year , Amy Winehouse ’s He Can Only Hold Her spreads soulful vocals across a groovy drum line with hits of plucky piano and background singing .
Again , the Xonar DX fared well against the D2X .
Our listeners were quick to praise both , although one thought that the track ’s piano elements sounded slightly better on the D2X .
When pitted against the X - Fi , the Xonar did a much better job balancing the track ’s vocal and instrumental elements .
Both listeners found the X - Fi ’s background content a little muffled behind the song ’s strong foreground vocals .
Integrated audio has come a long way in the last couple of years , but our listeners preferred the Xonar DX over our motherboard ’s ALC889A codec .
Both said the Xonar offered richer playback with fuller vocals , and I thought the piano in particular sounded much better on the Asus card .
U2 – Original of the Species The Edge ’s unmistakable guitar notes play off Bono ’s trademark soaring vocals in this recent example of the pop rock formula at its best .
One of our listeners found the Xonar D2X ’s vocals a little fuller than those of the DX , but the other could n’t tell the difference between the two .
However , both agreed that the DX sounded better than the X - Fi .
The vocal bias common on Creative cards was particularly obvious here , with the Xonar ’s background instrumentals coming through just that little bit clearer .
Differences between the DX and X - Fi were n’t nearly as great as between the Asus card and the Realtek codec .
Our listeners were n’t impressed with the ALC889A , saying that its vocals sounded like “ bad karaoke ” next to the Xonar .
They also thought the DX did a much better job with instrumentals and that the card sounded much more like a live performance .
Johnny Cash – I Wo n’t Back Down
The Man in Black channels Tom Petty , with Cash ’s baritone backed up by acoustic guitar , piano , and even a little help from the heartbreaker .
There are plenty of technical differences between the Xonar D2X and DX , but our listeners did n’t prefer one over the other with this song .
They did , however , think that the X - Fi sounded a little better than the DX here .
The XtremeMusic ’s vocal bias served it well on this track , which has little background content to balance with the main event .
Even with a relatively simple song , our listeners were quick to find fault with the ALC889A after hearing it played next to the Xonar DX .
The Realtek codec lacked the sharpness of the Xonar , they said , and I thought it lost a little of the depth in Cash ’s voice .
Jet – Are You Gonna be my Girl ?
Iggy Pop meets AC / DC in this upbeat track , which mixes raspy vocals with guitar , drums , and even a little tambourine .
The Xonars like to rock , and our listeners both thought they sounded great here .
One did say the DX sounded just slightly better , but could n’t say why .
Both were in agreement that the X - Fi fell a little flat when compared with the Xonar , with one commenting that the DX was like having front row seats while the XtremeMusic put him up in the balcony .
Interestingly , our listeners were a little less harsh on the ALC889A , although both agreed that it did n’t sound as good as the Xonar DX .
The Xonar had better clarity , they said , and I thought the drum line was much punchier on the Asus card .
Game time : DS3D GX under the microscope Asus claims that the Xonar ’s DirectSound 3D GX ’s EAX 5.0 emulation produces output comparable to true EAX implementations , so we just had to take it for a spin .
We even contacted Creative to see if they could suggest some games that might highlight DS3D GX ’s limitations , but the company ’s few suggestions were dominated by games based on the older Doom 3 engine .
EAX support just is n’t what it used to be , I guess .
Creative did suggest that we try Bioshock , and since we had a few initial DS3D GX problems with the game , it made the cut .
We also decided to throw a little Battlefield 2 into the mix .
The game has a special X - Fi audio mode , and we were curious to see how that would pan out with the Xonar .
I spent a couple of hours playing each game on the X - Fi XtremeMusic and Xonar DX with configured for 5.1 - channel analog output with in - game EAX effects enabled .
Surprisingly , Battlefield 2 let me invoke the X - Fi audio mode with the Xonar DX .
After an afternoon of gaming , I came away quite impressed with DirectSound 3D GX .
Creative may be correct in saying that it does n’t deliver a genuine EAX 5.0 experience , and I would n’t be surprised if its emulation is n’t an exact 1:1 replica of EAX effects .
But that did n’t diminish my gaming experience in the least .
Bioshock is packed with aural ambiance , and the underwater city of Rapture was every bit as creepy with the Xonar as it was with the X - Fi .
I could n’t detect any difference between the cards in Battlefield 2 , either , even in intense firefights loaded with explosions , gunfire , and frantic cries for a medic .
RightMark Audio Analyzer – Loopback – 16-bit/44.1kHz
Moving from subjective listening tests to something more objective , we used RightMark Audio Analyzer to evaluate output quality .
Our first set of RMAA results are from “ loopback ” tests that route a sound card ’s output through its line input .
We ’ll kick things off with 16 - bit / 44.1 kHz CD - quality audio .
To keep things simple , I ’ve translated RightMark ’s word - based quality scale to numbers .
Higher scores reflect better audio quality , and the scale tops out at 6 , which corresponds to an “ Excellent ” rating .
The Xonar DX is at least as good as the D2X here , which puts it right at the top of the field and easily ahead of the X - Fi and ALC889A .
In fact , the DX actually scores better than its higher - priced cousin in the dynamic range test .
The X - Fi appears to have some frequency response issues with RightMark Audio Analyzer ’s loopback test in Windows Vista .
You can read more about them here .
Update 4/11/2008 —
It turns out that the X - Fi requires some additional Vista driver tweaking to work correctly with RightMark Audio Analyzer .
We ’ve re-tested the XtremeMusic with Creative ’s updated settings and added those results to the review .
RightMark Audio Analyzer – Loopback – 24-bit/48 kHz
My Nine Inch Nails With Teeth dual disc ’s DVD - Audio tracks are 24 - bit / 48kHz , and we ran RMAA at that bitrate and resolution .
The Xonars continue to hang together as we crank up the sampling rate and resolution .
Although the X - Fi is more competitive here , it still does n’t score as highly as the DX .
RightMark Audio Analyzer – Loopback – 24-bit/96kHz 24-bit/96kHz is as good as multi-channel DVD - Audio gets , so we ’ll test at this bitrate and resolution , too .
The Xonar DX makes 24 bits at 96 k Hz look easy .
Note that our integrated motherboard audio again delivers the lowest scores in these objective signal quality tests .
RightMark Audio Analyzer – Loopback – 24-bit/192kHz
Stereo DVD - Audio goes up to 24 bits at 192k Hz , so we tested that resolution and bitrate , too .
Since the X - Fi does n’t support 192k Hz recording , we were unable to run loopback tests on the XtremeMusic at this sampling rate .
Even with the sampling rate cranked to 192k Hz , the Xonar DX goes toe - to - toe with the D2X .
RightMark Audio Analyzer – Playback – 16-bit/44.1kHz
To remove each sound card ’s line input as a variable , we switched from RMAA loopback to straight playback tests using an X - Fi Fatal1ty installed on a separate system for recording .
The X - Fi does n’t support 192k Hz recording , so our playback tests only scale up to 96k Hz .
Xonar dominance extends to our RMAA playback tests , where the DX and D2X are again closely matched .
The X - Fi and ALC889A lag behind in almost every test .
RightMark Audio Analyzer – Playback – 24-bit/48kHz
The XtremeMusic seems to fare better with 24 - bit audio than it does at 16 bits , but even then , it ca n’t entirely match the signal quality offered by the Xonar DX .
RightMark Audio Analyzer – Playback – 24-bit/96kHz
The fact that the Xonar DX manages to keep up with the more expensive D2X throughout our RMAA signal quality tests is nothing short of impressive .
Detailed RMAA results – Loopback – 16 - bit/44.1kHz
If you want to geek out over a bunch of detailed RMAA graphs , we ’ve provided the raw results for all of our RMAA tests over the following six pages .
These results are included as a bonus ; feel free to skip to the conclusion , if you wish .
Stereo Crosstalk Dynamic Range Frequency Response Intermodulation Distortion Noise Levels Total Harmonic Distortion
Detailed RMAA results – Loopback – 24 - bit/48 kHz Stereo Crosstalk Dynamic Range Frequency Response Intermodulation Distortion Noise Levels Total Harmonic Distortion
Detailed RMAA results – Loopback – 24 - bit/96 kHz Stereo Crosstalk Dynamic Range Frequency Response Intermodulation Distortion Noise Levels Total Harmonic Distortion
Detailed RMAA results – Loopback – 24 - bit/192kHz Stereo Crosstalk Dynamic Range Frequency Response Intermodulation Distortion Noise Levels Total Harmonic Distortion
Detailed RMAA results – Playback – 16 - bit/44.1kHz Stereo Crosstalk Dynamic Range Frequency Response Intermodulation Distortion Noise Levels Total Harmonic Distortion
Detailed RMAA results – Playback – 24 - bit/48 kHz Stereo Crosstalk Dynamic Range Frequency Response Intermodulation Distortion Noise Levels Total Harmonic Distortion
Detailed RMAA results – Playback – 24 - bit/96 kHz Stereo Crosstalk Dynamic Range Frequency Response Intermodulation Distortion Noise Levels Total Harmonic Distortion
' Psyops on Steroids ' update : White House denied knowledge of military analyst program Eric Brewer
Published : Wednesday May 14 , 2008
|
Print This Email This
In the two weeks since I asked Dana Perino whether the White House knew about or approved of the Pentagon 's use of TV military analysts as propaganda tools , I 've been back to the briefing room three times ( May 6 , 12 , and 13 ) to try to ask a follow - up question .
As is her wont , Dana has refused to call on me .
I had been intending to essentially repeat my question , since I 've been under the impression that she had n't answered it the first time .
But on Tuesday , Glenn Greenwald pointed out that Perino did answer the question back on April 30 .
Although I did n't realize this when I filed my last story , as seen in this video clip of the exchange , the White House press secretary did indeed provide a specific response .
I had repeated my question as she walked away from the podium , " Did the White House know about the program ? "
And on her way out of the room , Perino answered , " I just said : no . "
( I just rechecked my own tape recording of the briefing , and that is what she said .
I apologize profusely for leaving this crucial detail out of my earlier article . )
Of course , in her earlier answer , she really had n't just said noshe'd said only , " I did n't know . "
But her denial of White House knowledge during that parting shot is very interesting , for reasons that Greenwald points out in the same post I linked to above : Glenn publishes emails from Pentagon officials dealing with the military analyst program that refer to weekly meetings with " karl , " to having the analysts briefed by Bush 's National Security Advisor Stephen Hadley , and even to getting the analysts " in with potus " himself ( that 's POTUS , or the President of the United States ) .
As Glenn sums up , rather understatedly I believe :
So in the process of discussing how to keep " their " TV military analysts " on message " regarding claims about the Iraq war , they talked about efforts to have both Stephen Hadley and Bush himself speak with the analysts -- proposals that had been discussed with " karl " ( which , clearly , in this case , means Rove ) .
That means Perino 's denial was false and that the White House had at least some knowledge of and involvement in this propaganda program .
Uh oh .
Dana has denied something that is clearly true .
And it 's looking more and more as if the legal opinion that she expressed about the Pentagon 's propaganda program , " I do n't think that that should be against the law , " is just whistling in the dark .
The preceding article was a White House report from Eric Brewer , who will periodically attend White House press briefings for Raw Story .
Brewer is also a contributor at BTC News .
He was the first person to ask about the Downing Street memo at a White House briefing .
In the wake of the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office crackdowns on illegal immigrants throughout the Valley , Phoenix Mayor Phil Gordon is calling on the FBI to investigate whether Sheriff Joe Arpaio has violated any civil - rights laws .
In an April 4 letter to U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey , Gordon asked the Justice Department 's civil - rights division and the FBI to probe what Gordon calls a " pattern and practice of conduct that includes discriminatory harassment , improper stops , searches and arrests . "
Justice Department officials promised to review Gordon 's letter but declined further comment .
Arpaio said it was ironic that Gordon drafted the letter on the same day that Immigrations and Customs Enforcement officials from Washington observed his deputies arresting residents and illegal immigrants in Guadalupe and approved of the sheriff 's work .
" I think the mayor is disconnected from the people he represents and he does n't get the point .
Now he 's going to Washington to confuse the issue and try to get the public against me , " Arpaio said Saturday .
" It 's not going to work .
I 've done nothing wrong . "
During the past month , sheriff 's deputies and posse members , about 200 strong , have gone into neighborhoods with high Hispanic populations , citing drivers for routine traffic violations and detaining suspected illegal immigrants when federally trained deputies encounter them .
The actions have sparked an outcry from civil - rights and immigrant - rights advocates and emboldened Arpaio 's supporters .
ICE officials have said repeatedly that Arpaio is not violating the formal agreement he has with their office allowing sheriff 's deputies to enforce immigration laws .
Gordon 's call for an investigation seemed certain to escalate a growing conflict between Phoenix City Hall and the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office over how law - enforcement resources should be used to enforce immigration laws .
Letter details sweeps
Gordon 's four - page letter details Arpaio 's recent sweeps through predominantly Latino neighborhoods in Phoenix and Guadalupe .
" Over the past few weeks , Sheriff Arpaio 's actions have infringed on the civil rights of our residents , " Gordon wrote .
" They have put our residents ' well - being , and the well - being of law enforcement officers , at risk . "
In his letter , Gordon says he was moved to write after Arpaio pledged to bring his sweeps to other Valley cities on an ongoing basis .
Gordon , who is an attorney , asks that Arpaio be investigated for possible violations of four laws , including the Civil Rights Act and the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act .
Gordon declined to discuss his letter in detail .
" The letter speaks for itself , " he said .
The raids , which Arpaio has described as efforts to suppress crime in problem areas , have won the sheriff praise from residents fed up with government inaction on illegal immigration .
But they have been harshly criticized by civil libertarians who say the sheriff 's raids have led to racial - profiling and the illegal detainment of U.S. citizens .
The American Civil Liberties Union and Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund have said the raids are likely to spark civil - rights lawsuits against the sheriff .
Last week , the Arizona Ecumenical Council and American Jewish Committee issued a joint letter saying the raids had " evoked a ' police state ' atmosphere " and led to " detainment on the basis of a racial profile and dehumanization of innocent people . "
They were joined on Friday by the Arizona chapter of the Anti-Defamation League , which echoed calls for a Justice Department investigation .
" We 're not saying the sheriff 's guilty , " said Bill Straus , the chapter 's executive director , who described himself as a friend of Arpaio's .
" All we 're saying is , if the sheriff 's department continues operating under this cloud of allegations and they 're not true , that 's really unfair to the sheriff 's department .
If in fact they are true , it needs to stop . "
A Justice Department investigation could lead to civil or criminal proceedings .
Civil charges could result in a restraining order preventing certain aspects of Arpaio 's raids , officials said .
Criminal charges could lead to prosecution .
In his office , Gordon has a pair of posters held by protesters at the recent sweep that took place near Cave Creek and Bell roads .
Given to him by a Phoenix police officer who was on the scene , one refers to Latinos with an expletive and a slur .
Another says " Hooray for the slaughtering of the illegals ! " and is adorned with a swastika .
Arpaio insists Gordon is taking the opportunity to play political games and said the series of letters , whether they come from ministers or politicians , do n't bother him .
" I do n't think any of them carry any weight cause I have nothing to hide , " he said .
" ( Gordon ) did this on his own because he 's taking the heat .
Now he 's degrading my office and my deputies by insinuating that they 're violating all these civil laws .
We do n't profile . "
The city of Phoenix 's response to illegal immigration has focused on finding violent criminals and human smugglers .
Arpaio wants his deputies to ask about immigration status for the most minor offenses and says business owners and city leaders ask for his deputies to come into their communities .
On March 28 , in a widely publicized speech , Gordon came out against the sheriff 's tactics , calling them " made - for - TV stunts . "
Arpaio said he was " outraged " at Gordon 's remarks but would not be deterred from his efforts to enforce immigration laws .
One week after his speech , Gordon wrote his letter to the attorney general .
Motives questioned
Criticizing Arpaio so publicly has brought widespread media attention to Gordon in recent days , and skeptics have asked whether the mayor is attempting to burnish his credentials as a progressive by taking on the sheriff .
Aides dismiss any political motive , saying Gordon is driven by a genuine concern about unrest in the community .
" I understand these are serious allegations , " Gordon said in his letter to the nation 's attorney general .
" As mayor of the city of Phoenix , I must speak out when the rights of our residents are violated and the safety of our neighborhoods threatened . "
Washington Report on Middle East Affairs , November 1986 , Page 2
Special Report
Israeli Arms Sales to Iran
By Jane Hunter
In September , when the Israeli government radio accused Iranian troops of training Lebanese Shiite guerrillas for attacks on the Israeli - backed South Lebanon Army , and said that Iranians themselves might also have been among those who attacked Israeli positions in Lebanon , the US media reported those charges in great detail .
None found the time or space , however , to note how ironic it was for Israel to complain about Iranian military activities .
Iran might have been hard put to continue its costly six - year - old war with Iraq — not to mention simultaneously stirring up followers of the Ayatollah Khomeini in Lebanon — if Israel had not been willing to sell the Khomeini government great quantities of the weapons Iran desperately needed to keep its army in the field .
That is only one of the anomalies of Israel 's booming arms trade .
US law and US policy also come in for some stretching and twisting .
Over the course of the Gulf war , Iran 's quest for weapons has become legendary , with many countries and hordes of private arms dealers eager to conclude arms deals and reap the premium commissions Iran offers .
Israel , with standing access to the same models of US - made arms upon which the Shah based Iran 's arsenal , and with its desire to build up an indigenous arms industry , has led the pack .
The London Observer estimated that Israel 's arms sales to Iran total $ 500 million annually .
Before 1979 , when Shah Muhammad Reza Pahlavi held power , Iran was the world 's biggest buyer of Israeli arms .
The Islamic fundamentalist government which succeeded the Shah militantly damned Zionism up and down and hung a prominent Iranian Jew for " spying for Israel . "
In 1980 , however , when the Iraq - Iran war began , Iranian representatives met in Paris with Israel 's deputy defense minister and worked out a " Jews for arms " deal .
Iran permitted Jews to emigrate and Israel sold Iran ammunition and spare parts for Chieftain tanks and US - made F - 4 Phantom aircraft .
Channeled through a private Israeli arms dealer , this particular agreement appropriately ended in 1984 , when Iran was slow in paying its bills .
Although secrecy is the first principle in the netherworld of arms trading , details of several subsequent major Israeli arms sales to Iran have come to light .
In 1981 , Ya'acov Nimrodi , an intimate of leaders across the Israeli political spectrum , sold the Iranian defense ministry $ 135,842,000 worth of Hawk anti-aircraft missiles , 155 mm. mortars , ammunition , and other weapons through his Tel Aviv - based company , International Desalination Equipment , Ltd. From 1955 to 1979 Nimrodi had been Israel 's military attache in Tehran .
On July 24 , 1984 , Radio Luxembourg reported that Nimrodi had met in Zurich with the deputy defense minister and the top intelligence officer of Iran and with Rif'at al - Assad , the brother of Syrian President Hafez al - Assad .
Swiss government sources said that the meeting resulted in a deal to ship 40 truckloads of weapons a day from Israel to Iran , via Syria and Turkey .
On September 15 , 1985 , a DC - 8 cargo plane returning from Iran and supposedly bound for Malaga , Spain , made an emergency landing in Tel Aviv .
Investigation revealed that the plane — recently acquired from an obscure Miami firm by a shadowy Brussels - based " Nigerian " company — had been flying Hawk missiles from the US to Iran via Israel .
A Boeing 707 registered to the company had been carrying loads of 1,250 TOW missiles from Israel to Iran via Malaga .
At about the same time the London Observer reported that a ship carrying 25,000 tons of Israeli material was making a rush delivery , sailing directly to the Iranian port of Bandar Abbas rather than first going to Zaire where the Iranian buyers would inspect the cargo .
In May , 1986 , West German authorities foiled an $ 81 million ammunition deal and uncovered a tank deal in the process .
Charged in the case were an Israeli and a former Israeli citizen .
The West German weekly Stern said a telex from the state - owned Israeli Military Industries dated April 1 indicated official Israeli involvement .
In June of this year a Swedish businessman was reported to have acted as intermediary for Israeli sales of explosives to Iran .
The shipments went from Israel to Iran via Argentina .
In September , 1986 , United Press International reported that the Danish Sailor 's Union had logs and records to prove that since May a Danish freighter had taken four 900 - ton shipments from the Israeli port of Eilat to Bandar Abbas in Iran .
The union was certain the arms were US - made .
Re-selling without permission arms acquired from the US and the sale of US weapons to Iran are both prohibited by US law .
In separate incidents involving sales negotiated within the US , federal authorities have arrested two Israeli military reservists and a Yugoslav - American , Paul Cutter .
Cutter , who has connections to Israeli Minister of Trade and Industry Ariel Sharon , and who also told co-workers he was authorized to sell arms Israel captured in Lebanon in 1982 , has been convicted and jailed .
The Israeli government disassociated itself from these men .
Now , however , a federal " sting " operation has cracked the biggest arms deal yet .
US Customs Service agents drew retired Israeli army general Avraham Bar - Am and 12 co-conspirators ( three of them Israelis ) into a carefully - laid trap last April , Tapes made by the Customs Service reveal Israeli government involvement in a $ 2.6 billion conspiracy to sell US - made arms to Iran through third countries .
On recordings made available to the Chicago Tribune , Samuel Evans , a London - based American lawyer who coordinated two separate conspiracies to offer sophisticated aircraft , missiles , and ordnance to Iran , is heard to say that he would be discussing the deal with Israeli Defense Minister Yitzhak Rabin and that the authority for the transaction went " right through to ( Prime Minister ) Peres . "
The case is particularly serious because federal authorities presented evidence in their indictment that the deal included phony re-export certificates attesting that Israel was re-selling surplus arms to Turkey , which is legal , rather than to Iran , which is not .
General Bar - Am claimed from his jail cell that he had an Israeli government license to sell arms .
Denying any involvement , Israeli officials insisted that the license was only to prospect for sales , one of a thousand distributed to former military officers .
The Israelis have worked hard to bolster this contention .
In late September Defense Minister Rabin called a press conference to say the permit process would be changed to avoid the appearance of government approval .
But an earlier statement by Ya'acov Nimrodi that such sales are government - authorized and that permits come from a special department in the Israeli Defense Ministry and are difficult to get contradicts Rabin — as have many reports over the years that it is common Israeli practice to sell arms through fronts and agents .
The US government has avoided dealing head - on in public with the Israeli government over this issue .
When the Bermuda conspirators were arrested it was reported that the Israeli ambassador was called in for a stern warning .
It is unlikely , however , that prosecutors will focus on the Israeli government 's role when the Bermuda conspirators stand trial in New York this November .
Over the last six years Washington has several times expressed its disapproval of arms sales to Iran .
During the 1979 - 1981 hostage crisis , Israel was specifically asked to stop deliveries while Iran was holding US hostages and it is possible that Israel complied .
At an October I luncheon he hosted , Secretary of State George Shultz assured diplomats from the Arab states of the Gulf that Israel had told US officials it had stopped selling arms to Iran in 1983 .
Shultz , in fact , accused the Soviet Union of not clamping down on sales by its allies to Iran !
During the Reagan administration US policy has swung through various levels of support for Iraq .
Israel 's often - stated policy on the Gulf war is to keep it going as long as possible because the dreadful carnage ties up the combatants and prevents either from attacking Israel .
In 1983 , then - Defense Minister Ariel Sharon blurted out duringa US speaking engagement that Israel sold arms to Iran because it regarded Iraq as the greater enemy , and that the sales had been thoroughly discussed with US officials .
US officials acknowledged such discussions but denied that Israel had US permission . "
Last spring what turned out to be an Israeli disinformation campaign propounded the notion that the US had asked Israel to sell arms to Iran .
The tapes in the Bar - Am case are said to suggest that the US was considering shifting its support to Iran while the conspiracy - sting was being hatched .
This kind of last - ditch Israeli government defense , probably supported by pro-Israel political obscurantists in Washington , has almost certainly been used before .
When it was revealed that Israel was shipping arms to the Soviet - supported government of Ethiopia to fight Western - assisted resistance movements , and arms to the Argentine junta during the Malvinas - Falklands war , Israeli disinformationists in Washington sought to argue that Israeli actions which directly contravened stated US government objectives were really part of a " double game " somehow coordinated with Washington .
This time , arrests by the US government of Israeli " players " have left no doubt that the US interest is to halt , not abet , Israeli arms sales to America 's enemies .
Jane Hunter is the editor and publisher of Israeli Foreign Affairs , P.O. Box 19580 , Sacramento , CA 95819 .
Originally posted by " Tann San " ...
Not too long ago , my Halifax ATM card got deactivated because I misentered the PIN number three times in a row .
So , the next day , I went into the main bank branch to get some cash from a teller .
I headed to the counter with my card in hand and some ID in my pocket .
I explained the situation and asked to withdraw a few hundred pounds to carry me over until a new PIN number arrived .
After taking my ATM card , she handed me a slip and asked me to sign .
I did that , and she then counted out the money and gave it to me .
No questions asked .
Let 's count the WTF's :
( Obvious )
Me monging up my PIN three times
The teller did not ask for ID , aside from the defunct card
She did not compare the signature to anything , as I never signed the back of my ATM card
I did n't actually use a signature , instead drawing a big circle with a cross through it
She did not notice that the card was n't signed , nor that my " signature " looked like the X - Men symbol
I was given the cash with no security questions whatsoever
As my mind was boggling at these things , she said " I noticed that you did n't respond to our letter about changing your account to a higher rate .
Would you like to speak to my co-worker about that ? " .
I remembered the letter from a few months ago , and figured I might as well convert the account then and there .
So , I went to a tiny office with her co-worker , who then lackadaisically explained why my current account sucked and how the higher rate one was miles better .
He said this all while blankly staring into space ; I looked over my shoulder to see if he was just reading the pitch off a cue sheet stuck to the wall .
The higher rate account was a better deal , so I agreed to switch .
And this is where the WTFs start with him .
The banker tapped my account number from my ATM card in , and then printed out a sheet that summarized my details : name , DOB , address , phone numbers , etc .
He slid it across the table and asked me to double check that the details were correct .
At this point , I could have been any mugger off the street who just withdrew several hundred pounds and had the full details of whoever I mugged .
I 'm fairly sure I could have closed the account and withdrawn the funds in full , without any security challenges .
Ironically , two days later I get a letter from Halifax telling me that I should stop using their phone banking service and switch to their ultra secure online service .
At least the teller was bright and cheerful whilst giving me the cash .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
It ’s been four decades since Martin Luther King , Jr. , was shot and killed .
On the occasion of this anniversary , there ’s much media coverage of his life and his death .
In all the years that have passed since that tragic moment , a flood of commentary has flowed .
Yet it remains hard to improve upon what Bobby Kennedy said on the night of that assassination in Indianapolis , where he was campaigning for the Democratic presidential nomination .
He spoke extemporaneously and had the hard task of informing the crowd of King ’s violent death .
Here is the audio of Kennedy ’s remarks accompanied by a photo montage :
As many commentators have noted , there were riots in cities across America when people learned of the news of King ’s murder , but there was calm in Indianapolis that horrible night .
Two months later , RFK would be shot and killed .
If you want to see actual footage of Kennedy speaking to the crowd in Indianapolis ( with Italian subtitles superimposed ) , you ’ll find it after the jump :
John Ozimek
The Register
April 27 , 2008
Almost unreported , the UK Criminal Justice Bill is slowly wending its way toward becoming law .
It includes a section ( Clause 63 ) on “ extreme pornographic images ” that may , or may not , affect a very large proportion of the adult population in the UK .
But that – the Bill ’s uncertain scope – is part of the problem .
On Monday 21 April , the Bill returned to the House of Lords for further debate .
Lib Dem peer Baroness
Miller brought forward a set of amendments that would effectively have removed the extreme porn clause from the Bill .
She pointed out that the evidence linking pornography with violence was weak and that the new rules would be out of kilter with the Obscene Publications Act .
In her speech , the Baroness commented that “ the Minister is in danger of leading his Government into becoming the thought police … we do not have any evidence to justify an intrusion in people ’s lives ” .
Further , “ the Government ’s contention is that by viewing it [ extreme porn ] people are more likely to commit violent offences .
Therefore , they justify walking into people ’s bedrooms and turning them into criminals simply for viewing something .
Read entire article
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
QR Code Link to This Post
First of all , your boyfriend is a fucktard loser , and if he 's the kind of guy you usually date you are in real trouble .
I 'll admit he 's a good looking fellow : Strong jaw and big muscles , but he is also a moron and has two kids .
Jesus , how old is he , twenty - five ?
And he already has two kids ?
What the hell are you thinking ?
Those little bastards are n't free and if he mans - up to his responsibility he will spend the rest of his life broke .
If he does n't man - up he is an even bigger loser and you should definitely drop him .
I 'm not saying you should get with me or anything , I 'm thirty and bald and aware of my chances with the nubile tastiness that is you , but you live in a city chock full of universities and I 'm sure you can find someone young , good looking , and smart enough to wear a fucking condom when he does the nasty .
Speaking of sex , you need to be careful .
Really careful .
Drug development is expensive and when big pharmaceuticals make a medicine for a disease it is because that disease is ( 1 ) very common ; ( 2 ) bad enough that people are willing to pay $ $$ to treat it ; and ( 3 ) going to be around long enough for them to get their money back .
All those Valtrex commercials you see on TV are telling you that lots of people have herpes .
But you do n't know anyone who has herpes , do you ?
That 's because men who have it do n't tell their partners .
You should be prepared for the worst .
I 've never had any STDs , partly because being bald makes getting laid nearly impossible , but also because I use condoms EVERY TIME I HAVE SEX .
You should too .
Just because you 're not willing to risk your health for a guy does n't mean you do n't like him , love him , or want to be with him .
It just means that you have a head on your shoulders and some self respect .
Finally , about your career .
Honestly , it really is n't much of one .
You live in the Bay .
There are enough gay men around here to design and decorate every doghouse , outhouse , whorehouse , and courthouse for 700 miles .
Every man you talk to knows this and we all mean to tell you , but you are really hot and humoring you is a condition precedent to licking and sticking your honey pot .
Seriously , you really need to think more about exactly what you are going to do for a living because if you end up with Mr. Fucktard , or any facsimile thereof , you will likely be supporting yourself for many years to come .
Good luck and best wishes , - The Short Bald Guy
Whether you frequently struggle to get to sleep or you ’d just like to get a better night ’s rest , its important
Whether you frequently struggle to get to sleep or you ’d just like to get a better night ’s rest , its important to make your room a sleep haven .
Try our tips and enjoy the benefits of a great night ’s sleep .
Sound machine
Invest in a sound machine and fall asleep to anything from a babbling brook to a busy city street .
Not ready to make the purchase ?
Try downloading sound generators on your smart phone or turning your radio to a static station .
Elevate your legs
Add a small pillow or two under your legs for added support .
Perfect for back pain sufferers , this position relieves pressure from the lower back .
Sleep like a cat
Cats generally sleep on their sides with their front and back legs extended so that their body ’s weight is evenly distributed .
Next time your cat naps , take some notes .
Paint your room
Make your room an escape from the outside world .
Paint the walls in whatever color soothes you .
Try cool , calming colors like blue , purple , or green .
Ban the television
Keep the TV out of your room and you ’ll get a much better night ’s rest .
Television can keep your brain active making it harder to fall asleep .
Try reading a book or a magazine to wind - down from the day .
And whatever you do , do n’t fall asleep with the TV still on .
Keep lights low
Make your room ’s lighting , warm and soft by using table lamps and floor lamps .
The soft , warm glow will lull you into a restful night ’s sleep .
No work zone
Your bed is not a remote office cubicle .
You ’ll get more work done if you ’re relaxed and refreshed each day at the office , instead of sleep - deprived and grumpy .
Plus : 7 Sleep Disorders : What ’s Keeping You Awake ?
Sources : Mayo Clinic and WebMD
The UK ’s national computing grid , along with their counterparts in the US ( TeraGrid ) and Europe have helped UCL ( University College London ) scientists shed light on how life on earth may have originated .
Deep ocean hydrothermal vents have long been suggested as possible sources of biological molecules such as RNA and DNA but it was unclear how they could survive the high temperatures and pressures that occur round these vents .
Professor Peter Coveney and colleagues at the UCL Centre for Computational Science have used computer simulation to provide insight into the structure and stability of DNA while inserted into layered minerals .
Computer simulation techniques have rarely been used to understand the possible chemical pathways to the formation of early biomolecules until now .
Professor Coveney explains , “ Computational grids are only now being made easy to use for scientists , enabling simulations of sufficient size to model these large biomolecule and mineral systems ” .
Previous experimental studies have shown that molecules such as DNA can be inserted into minerals called layered double hydroxides ( LDHs ) but no one has thus far been able to show at the level of atoms and molecules how the DNA interacts with the mineral , or how the DNA might look inside the mineral layers .
These minerals would have been common in the earliest age of Earth 2500 million years ago .
The simulations reproduced the high temperatures and pressures that occur around hydrothermal vents .
It was shown that the structure of DNA inserted into layered minerals becomes stabilized at these conditions and therefore protected from catalytic and thermal degradation .
“ Grids of supercomputers are essential for this kind of study ” , says Professor Coveney , “ The time taken to run these simulations is reduced from the years that a desktop computer would take , to hours by using the many thousands of processors made available across continents ” .
Professor Coveney ’s group has been researching into the routes to the origin of life for a number of years , studying the way that genetic information may have arisen and been replicated , as well as how small molecules may have formed , working together with colleagues at Nottingham and Durham Universities .
Journal reference : ‘ Computer Simulation Study of the Structural Stability and Materials Properties of DNA - Intercalated Layered Double Hydroxides ’ by Mary - Ann Thyveetil , Peter Coveney , H. Chris Greenwell and James Suter , is published online in the Journal of the American Chemical Society on Tuesday 18 March 2008 .
Travel gadgets are the essential equipment that you need during the whole trip .
Here are some essential travel gadgets that you need to take along with you .
Travel Adapter :
This universal AC travel adapter allows you to charge your laptops , PDAs and mobile phones while you are traveling around the globe .
This adapter is designed to work with all varieties of outlets .
This adapter works in places like Asia , Europe , China , U.S. and U.K .
This adapter can handle both 110 and 220 - 240 volt standard .
This universal AC travel adapter allows you to connect to various international power outlets without any complicated power conversion .
This adapter is light weight , easy to carry and pack .
There is no need to carry multiple adapters and it provides you with a convenient and reliable power solution .
Electronic Travel Translator :
This high tech lingo global travel translator converts 11 international languages , they include : English , Spanish , French , German , Dutch Russian , Swedish , Italian , Chinese Mandarin , Portuguese and Japanese .
This translator has 705 commonly used travel related sentences per every language .
You can insert voice card to enable voice mate to speak in the required language .
8 major categories help to locate the required sentences , for instance : emergency , general speech , medicine and sightseeing .
16 data files are there to store important information and this travel translator displays 15 cities world time .
You can also keep a daily alarm in that translator .
3 language voice cards are there , they include : English , Italian and Spanish .
Multi-purpose Pocket Toolbox :
This multi-purpose travel pocket toolbox has 84 features .
You can use this in your house , car or RV .
This travel gadget is perfect for the traveler who really does want to travel with light weight and this whole box of tools in one small handy gadget sized pouch satisfies it .
This space saving tool has a host of functions and it saves you carrying a complete toolkit .
This gadget is essential or useful and is perfect when travelling or camping .
This multi-purpose tool kit includes : pliers , wire cutters , knife , screwdrivers , and these are essential for travel , camping , gardening , picnics , biking , fishing , car , bike etc .
Stashcard to store secrets in your laptop :
Do you know that unused PC card slot in your laptop ?
You can use it for good purpose .
The stashcard is a secrete drawer that can be inserted into your laptop ’s PC card slot .
You can keep secrets like memory cards , money , photos , keys , stamps , and many more .
This is a perfect travel gadget to store your valuables .
Data laboriously extracted from an Antarctic ice core provide an unprecedented view of temperature , and levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide and methane , over the past 800,000 years of Earth 's history .
Palaeoclimatologists are scientific detectives .
Using indirect clues from concentrations of stable isotopes and trace elements , and from fossils and other components of the geological record , they infer changes in climate long before they themselves were on the scene .
Direct evidence of past environmental conditions is rare , which makes it all the more valuable where it does occur .
In this issue1,2 , members of the EPICA ( European Project for Ice Coring in Antarctica ) collaboration present the latest , and longest , record from perhaps the most valuable of these archives : the atmospheric gases trapped and preserved in ice cores extracted from Earth 's polar regions .
Trapped gas — air bubbles in the EPICA ice core .
Credit : THE EPICA COLLABORATION
Polar ice cores provide us with the long view of the cycling of greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide and methane .
Their potential is being realized by a relatively small band of international scientists who are gradually drilling further down into the ice cap and progressively analysing older ice cores .
Until recently , the Vostok ice core from eastern Antarctica set the benchmark3 — an iconic 440,000 - year data set that became a central backdrop for discussions about modern climate change .
That ante was upped in 2005 by a 650,000 - year record4,5 from EPICA 's ' Dome C ' , another drilling site in eastern Antarctica where much older ice could be extracted .
An 800,000 - year reconstruction of temperature change from the core already existed6 .
Now , after years of careful work and collaboration , Dome C has yielded a complete reconstruction of the history of atmospheric carbon dioxide ( Lüthi et al. , page 379 ) 1 and methane ( Loulergue et al. , page 383 ) 2 over the past 800,000 years .
The fundamental conclusion that today 's concentrations of these greenhouse gases have no past analogue in the ice - core record remains firm .
The general long - term behaviour of methane and carbon dioxide , following patterns driven ultimately by slow changes in Earth 's orbit , continues throughout the older sections of the records .
The remarkably strong correlations of methane and carbon dioxide with temperature reconstructions also stand ( Fig. 1 , overleaf ) .
Figure 1 : A long look back .
a ,
The 800,000 - year records of atmospheric carbon dioxide ( red ; parts per million , p.p.m. ) and methane ( green ; parts per billion , p.p.b. ) from the EPICA Dome C ice core1,2 , together with a temperature reconstruction ( relative to the average of the past millennium ) based on the deuterium –hydrogen ratio of the ice6 , reinforce the tight coupling between greenhouse - gas concentrations and climate observed in previous , shorter records .
The 100,000 - year ' sawtooth ' variability undergoes a change about 450,000 years ago , with the amplitude of variation , especially in the carbon dioxide and temperature records , greater since that point than it was before .
Concentrations of greenhouse gases in the modern atmosphere are highly anomalous with respect to natural greenhouse - gas variations ( present - day concentrations are around 380 p.p.m. for carbon dioxide and 1,800 p.p.b. for methane ) .
b ,
The carbon dioxide and methane trends from the past 2,000 years 13,14 .
Full size image
The data further reinforce the tight link between greenhouse gases and climate , a link maintained by as - yet only partially understood feedbacks in the Earth system .
Variations in methane levels are most probably caused by variations in the influence of temperature and rainfall on wetlands in the tropics and boreal ( high - northern - latitude ) regions .
Carbon dioxide variability is almost universally viewed as an oceanic phenomenon , a consequence of the large pools of carbon sequestered there .
Changes in ocean circulation , biological productivity , carbon dioxide solubility and other aspects of ocean chemistry have been implicated , but the exact mix of mechanisms is not clear .
In considering these extended records1, 2 in detail , intriguing nuances emerge .
Their most prominent feature is a sawtooth - shaped variability on 100,000 - year timescales .
As reported last year6 , the amplitude of the 100,000 - year temperature cycle reconstructed at Dome C seems to have changed fundamentally about 450,000 years ago ( Fig. 1 ) .
Warm phases ( interglacials ) in the later period have been warmer , whereas cold phases ( glacials ) seem similar throughout the record .
The carbon dioxide record generally shares this pattern , with muted cycles in its older part .
Methane also follows the trend , though not as strongly : relatively high methane maxima in the oldest interglacial cycle approach those of later warm periods .
A curious facet of the extended carbon dioxide record is unusually low levels of the gas during the two earliest glacial –interglacial cycles .
Lüthi et al. speculate1 that , taken as a whole , the carbon dioxide record is hinting at a longer - term cycle in mean levels of the gas that takes 400,000 – 500,000 years to complete .
The eccentricity of Earth 's orbit — its deviation from a perfect circle — does vary with a 413,000 - year period .
But whether this or some other mechanism explains any variation awaits the retrieval of an even older ice core .
The extended records also provide information about shorter - term , millennial - scale climate change taking place within the longer cycles .
Data from ice cores in Greenland covering the past 110,000 years show that variations in methane levels were extremely closely coupled to episodes of abrupt warming and cooling in the mid-to - high latitudes of the Northern Hemisphere7,8 .
No older records from Greenland exist at present ; indeed , records extending back further than about 200,000 years are not expected to be found there owing to high accumulation rates and the flow of older ice towards the margins of the ice sheet .
But assuming that the close coupling between Greenland 's temperature and levels of atmospheric methane holds before 110,000 years ago , jumps in the Dome C methane record provide a Southern Hemisphere proxy for abrupt warming in the Northern Hemisphere .
Loulergue et al.2 identify 74 such jumps in their data and , following this logic , conclude that abrupt warming and cooling in Greenland and the Northern Hemisphere has been a characteristic of the climate system over at least the past 800,000 years .
Again using methane as a proxy for Greenland 's temperature patterns , it can be shown that on millennial timescales carbon dioxide concentrations rose during times when Greenland was cold .
At the same time , Antarctica warmed9 .
This pattern has been attributed to the effect of changes in ocean circulation on the carbon cycle and climate10 .
Lüthi et al.1 identify examples of this kind of variability in ice as old as 750,000 to 780,000 years , another indication that these millennial patterns pervade the palaeoclimate record .
These new benchmark data1,2 for greenhouse - gas variability pose questions as to what a much longer record might show .
One such question is whether the 400,000 – 500,000 - year cycle speculated on by Lüthi et al.1 is a real effect .
Another is whether the 100,000 - year cycles in carbon dioxide and methane , now so clearly established , give way to 40,000 - year cycles before about 900,000 years ago ; such behaviour might be predicted by comparison with climate reconstructions from ocean sediments11 .
If that is the case , what caused the shift ?
Was it a reduction in mean concentrations of greenhouse gases 900,000 years ago ?
This commonly cited theory 12 is just one of many competing hypotheses11 .
The international community of ice - core scientists , under the auspices of the umbrella group IPICS ( International Partners in Ice Core Sciences ) , has set itself the immediate target of establishing a continuous 1.5 - million - year record to attempt to answer these questions .
The search for the right sites is beginning , and is likely to take several years .
The best places are undoubtedly in eastern Antarctica , most probably in remote , high regions where snowfall rates and temperatures are extremely low .
Meeting the challenge of drilling those cores should open up a further window on goings - on in the greenhouse .
References 1 Lüthi , D. et al. Nature 453 , 379–382 ( 2008 ) .
2 Loulergue , L. et al . Nature 453 , 383–386 ( 2008 ) .
3 Petit , J. R. et al. Nature 399 , 429–436 ( 1999 ) .
4 Spahni , R. et al. Science 310 , 1317 –1321 ( 2005 ) .
5 Siegenthaler , U. et al. Science 310 , 1313 –1317 ( 2005 ) .
6 Jouzel , J. et al. Science 317 , 793–796 ( 2007 ) .
7 Severinghaus , J. P. , Sowers , T. , Brook , E. J. , Alley , R. B. & Bender , M. L. Nature 391 , 141–146 ( 1998 ) .
8 Huber , C. Earth Planet . Sci. Lett. 243 , 504–519 ( 2006 ) .
9 Ahn , J. & Brook , E. J. Geophys .
Res. Lett. 34 , L10703 ( 2007 ) .
10 Schmittner , A. , Brook , E. J. & Ahn , J. in Ocean Circulation : Mechanisms and Impacts ( eds Schmittner , A. , Chiang , J. C. H. & Hemming , S. ) 315–334 ( AGU , Washington DC , 2007 ) .
11 Clark , P. U. et al. Quat .
Sci. Rev. 25 , 3150 –3184 ( 2006 ) .
12 Berger , A. , Li , X. S. & Loutre , M. - F. Quat .
Sci. Rev. 18 , 1–11 ( 1999 ) .
13 MacFarling Meure , C. et al. Geophys .
Res. Lett. 33 , L14810 ( 2006 ) .
14 http://www.cmdl.noaa.gov/infodata/ftpdata.html
Download references
Author information Affiliations Ed Brook is in the Department of Geosciences , Oregon State University , 104 Wilkinson Hall , Corvallis , Oregon 97331-5506 , USA .
brooke@science.oregonstate.edu
Ed Brook Authors Ed Brook View author publications
You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar
Rights and permissions Reprints and Permissions
In Kenya , ' Obama beer ' is suddenly popular Senator lager sold cheap as alternative to unsafe home brew
- - Photo : Brendan Bannon Photo : Brendan Bannon Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close
In Kenya , ' Obama beer ' is suddenly popular 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
At 4 p.m. , Peterson 's
Bar in the dusty slum of Kibera is packed with dozens of noisy men sitting around poorly constructed wooden tables on an uneven dirt floor .
Most are tossing back glasses of a lager known popularly as " Obama beer . "
" It 's very nice , " said Peter Mgaitha , a retired Army captain .
" I drink 20 glasses every day . "
Although the beer 's red and gold label says " Senator , " Kenyans have dubbed it Obama after Democrat Barack Obama , whose late father was born in Kenya and who remains a popular figure here .
( In the United States , Sixpoint Craft Ales , a Brooklyn , N.Y. , brewery , has created an ale called " Hop Obama " in tribute to the Illinois senator ) .
Demand is soaring for " Obama , " which at 40 cents a glass is marketed to low - income consumers as an alternative to dangerous , cheap home brews .
More than half of Kenya 's 32 million people live on less than $ 1 a day , and mainstream beers at $ 1 to $ 3 a bottle are out of reach for most .
As a result , Senator has become the beer of choice in many slums and rural areas across Kenya .
Behind a thin wire screen , bartender Stanley Kiama dispenses 200 gallons of Senator beer daily .
" It 's not expensive , " he said .
" That 's why people love it . "
To discourage the often lethal home brews made from corn , sorghum or sugarcane , the government removed the excise tax from Senator beer after the brand was launched in 2004 by East African Breweries Limited .
" Consumers were finding that our beer was inaccessible , " said Ken Kariuki , the company 's director of corporate affairs .
" Small players were starting to distill alcohol and sell it . "
A 2003 brewery study found that 55 percent of alcohol consumed in Kenya is homemade .
Known as changaa or busaa , these spirits contain up to 40 percent alcohol and are often mixed with battery acid or formaldehyde to increase potency .
At 25 cents a glass , these popular alternatives to more expensive beer are also known as " kill me quick . "
In 2000 , 150 Kenyans died and hundreds were hospitalized from drinking a toxic brew in a slum near Nairobi , sparking calls for the government to crack down on the thousands of bootleg distilleries .
Another 50 died in 2005 , the latest statistics available .
Many more have been blinded from these drinks .
" We decided to make the most affordable product possible ... to stop people from drinking rubbish , " said Kariuki .
As a result , the brewery did away with bottles and packaging for Senator beer , using 13 gallon kegs .
Each day , the company ships 8,500 kegs throughout the nation , and plans to expand output since it can't keep up with demand .
Popularity is growing due to a heavy marketing campaign in the slums , where underground bars still sell homemade spirits .
" We go into those illicit bars and tell them , 'if you stop selling this nonsense , we will give you a license to sell Senator , ' " said Kariuki .
Most Kenyans began calling the beer " Obama " soon after the American politician won his senate seat in 2004 .
Kariuki said the company never uses his name to market the beer , but admits Obama 's popularity helps sell the product - especially in his father 's homeland - Nyanza province .
" In the area where Obama comes from , we 've seen an increase in consumption , especially after his ( 2006 ) visit , " he said .
During his last trip , cheering crowds of thousands swarmed his every public appearance .
Since then , many Kenyans have closely following the U.S. presidential race and typically toast Obama 's primary victories with Senator beer .
" We call it Obama beer because we are trying to link us to him , " said bar customer , James Mwangi , 25 .
" He is so far away , but we support him a lot . "
What if you could convince people to trust you and take risks for you with just a few drops of liquid surreptitiously placed in their water ?
There would be no drunkenness , no rufie - esque glazed eyes : just pure , human trust created via chemicals .
The person would n't even know they 'd been dosed .
A study coming out tomorrow in the journal Neuron explains how this scenario is possible today , with just a small dose of the brain chemical oxytocin .
Oxytocin is a chemical associated with many of the " pleasurable " feelings you have , from basic trust , to love and orgasm .
Researchers in Switzerland theorized that people playing social trust games might change their behaviors if given doses of oxytocin , since the chemical might artificially enhance their willingness to trust someone .
Indeed , they were right : subjects dosed with Oxytocin were willing to trust people even after they 'd been explicitly told that those people had behaved in untrustworthy ways in the past .
People who had not been dosed did not trust the " untrustworthy " people .
According to a release from Neuron :
In their experiments , the researchers asked volunteer subjects to play two types of games — a trust game and a risk game .
In the trust game , subjects were asked to contribute money , with the understanding that a human trustee would invest the money and decide whether to return the profits , or betray the subjects ' trust and keep all the money .
In the risk game , the subjects were told that a computer would randomly decide whether their money would be repaid or not .
The subjects also received doses of either the brain chemical oxytocin ( OT ) or a placebo via nasal spray .
They chose OT because studies by other researchers had shown that OT specifically increases people 's willingness to trust others .
During the games , the subjects ' brains were scanned using functional magnetic resonance imaging .
This common analytical technique involves using harmless magnetic fields and radio waves to map blood flow in brain regions , which reflects brain activity .
The researchers found that — in the trust game , but not the risk game — OT reduced activity in two brain regions : the amygdala , which processes fear , danger and possibly risk of social betrayal ; and an area of the striatum , part of the circuitry that guides and adjusts future behavior based on reward feedback .
Baumgartner and colleagues concluded that their findings showed that oxytocin affected the subjects ' responses specifically related to trust . . .
" If subjects face social risks , such as in the trust game , those who received placebo respond to the feedback with a decrease in trusting behavior while subjects with OT demonstrate no change in their trusting behavior although they were informed that their interaction partners did not honor their trust in roughly 50 % of the cases . "
Advertisement
So basically you 've got the world 's scariest date - rape drug ever — one that persuades people to trust the untrustworthy and take risks with them .
The researchers do n't see it that way , however .
They think it means there 's potential to help people with social phobias who have trouble responding with normal trust levels in situations that call for it .
I 'm all for that , but I 'm not looking forward to hearing about oxytocin parties in dorms .
Brain 's Trust Machinery Identified [ Eurekalert ]
BEIJING  China , already the world leader in cellphone use , has surpassed the USA as the No. 1 nation in Internet users .
The number of Chinese on the Internet hit more than 220 million as of February , according to estimates from official Chinese statistics by the Beijing - based research group BDA China .
The government is likely to confirm the leap at its half - yearly report in July .
The longtime Internet leader , the USA , which founded and developed the network of computers , had 216 million users at the end of 2007 , according to Nielsen / NetRatings .
The percentage of American users — 71 % — still exceeds China 's 17 % .
China has 1.3 billion people , compared with nearly 304 million in the USA .
China , however , has a higher growth rate , says BDA 's chairman , Duncan Clark .
By the end of March , for example , Chinese users climbed to 233 million .
At the end of 2007 , China 's Internet users reached 210 million , a jump of 53 % from the previous year , says Zhang Shanshan , media director for the China Internet Network Information Center , which gathers statistics for the Ministry of Information Industry .
Clark says the rapid growth is powered in part by China 's economic boom .
While the government " continues to filter the Net and encourage self - censorship , it also has a mandate to promote cheaper technology and the knowledge economy . "
And there is strong government backing for companies such as China Netcom , which offers broadband service at $ 10 a month , Clark says .
At the company 's Xibahe branch in north Beijing , dozens of people recently lined up to buy broadband service .
Sun Xin , 19 , a student , was helping his parents sign up for DSL .
" My friends all agree — no Internet , no life , " Sun says .
" We use it every day for MSN , and I love playing games like World of Warcraft . "
The game is so popular that players can pay companies in China to play in their place so they can continue gaining points .
Enlarge By Claro Cortes IV , Reuters Chinese Internet users go online earlier this month at a Beijing shop .
A new grass - roots movement is underway in which technogeeks , Internet addicts , Blackberry owners and compulsive instant - message users hope to wrest back control of their lives by daring to switch off — if only for a day .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The female rhino survived for 35 hours after being shot twice and having her horn sawn off at Kazrianga National Park in India .
Debunking The Wikipedia ' Brain Surgery ' Myth
from the please , - please , - please - make - it - stop dept
" People are unwittingly trusting the information they find on Wikipedia , yet experience has shown it can be wrong , incomplete , biased , or misleading . "
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Back in 2004 , I ended up getting into an argument with a " technology columnist " from a newspaper over just how " repugnant " Wikipedia is ( his viewpoint ) .
After a series of emails back and forth , he trotted out the " brain surgeon " question , that seems to be standard fare among Wikipedia - haters .
It goes something like this : " If you needed brain surgery , would you trust someone who was trained as a brain surgeon , or someone who learned brain surgery from Wikipedia ? "
An alternative version of the question is " would you allow a ' crowd ' of people to perform brain surgery on you .
" Since then the brain surgery " proof " of Wikipedia 's problem has shown up plenty of times , with the latest one being pointed out by Slashdot quoting a professor who dislikes Wikipedia so much that she fails to see the problems in what she ( supposedly an " expert " ) is saying .
As she notes :
If you are faced with the prospect of having brain surgery , who would you rather it be performed by - a surgeon trained at medical school or someone who has read Wikipedia ?
So let 's debunk this once and for all .
First off , no one would want a brain surgery based on someone who just learned how to do brain surgery from Wikipedia , but that proves absolutely nothing .
No one would want brain surgery done by someone who just learned how to do brain surgery from Encyclopedia Britannica either -- but you do n't see this professor freaking out and trashing Britannica , do you ?
Wikipedia is a tool , just like Britannica , and it's not designed to be a reference on how to do brain surgery .
The second problem with the " brain surgery " example is the suggestion that experts and the folks working on Wikipedia are somehow mutually exclusive .
It 's this idea that no one who actually knows anything inputs information on Wikipedia , and the only people who do contribute know nothing .
That 's pretty clearly been proven untrue , so it 's difficult to take this complaint particularly seriously .
As for the professor in question , let 's take a look at some of her other statements :
This has to be one of the funniest statements she makes , because every point that she makes can be equally applied to so - called " expert " resources or publications .
And , there 's a pretty big difference with most of those publications and Wikipedia : with those other sources , most of them can't or wo n't be changed when the " wrong , incomplete , biased or misleading " info is found .
That 's not the case with Wikipedia .
Furthermore , in a bit of pure irony , this professor does n't seem to realize that by making all of these incorrect statements , she 's showing just how little you can trust supposed " experts " in the first place .
After all , she 's going on and on about trusting " experts " over the masses , while showing that she does n't even understand how Wikipedia works at all , showing her own wrong , incomplete , biased and misleading positions .
This is n't to say that Wikipedia is perfect .
It 's not .
It 's got plenty of problems .
But the lesson that this professorbe teaching is that you can't trustsource by itself , and you should double - check and confirm any information you find , whether it's from Wikipedia , a supposed " professor " or anyone else .
It 's not brain surgery to understand such a lesson .
Filed Under : brain surgery , experts , trust , wikipedia
There is much discussion of why MySQL is more widely adopted than PostgreSQL .
The discussion I ’ve heard is mostly among the PostgreSQL community members , who believe their favorite database server is better in many ways , and are sometimes puzzled why people would choose an inferior product .
There are also many comparison charts that show one server is better than the other in some ways .
These do n’t really seem to help people with this question , either !
I ca n’t answer for everyone , but I can put it in the form of a question : if I were to replace MySQL with PostgreSQL , what things do I rely on that would become painful or even force a totally different strategy ?
The answer turns out to be fairly simple for me : replication and upgrades .
Replication
Love it or hate it , MySQL ’s built - in replication is absolutely key to much of what I do with MySQL .
I can truthfully say that it has lots of problems and limitations .
But I can also say this about it :
It ’s included by default with the server .
PostgreSQL ’s have historically not been included .
( I think this is about to change , but I ’m not sure . )
It is conceptually very simple .
You could call that a weakness and a limitation , but you could also say that it enables a tremendous amount of flexibility .
I tend to hold with the latter view .
PostgreSQL ’s replication technologies have a very different complexity profile .
That scares me .
It is easy to set up ( it takes just a couple of commands ) and is easily scriptable .
This is mostly due to its simplicity .
I am happy because I know it inside and out .
It is generally very low overhead .
PostgreSQL ’s main replication system is built on top of triggers and is said not to scale very well .
( Disclaimer : this is only what people have told me ; I have n’t battle - tested it .
But I ’m afraid of it . )
There is only One Way To Do It. PostgreSQL has lots of different replication systems .
That in itself is a pretty significant deterrent for me .
Regardless of the technical strengths and weaknesses of each database ’s replication systems , it is my perception that MySQL ’s ultimately lets me do incredibly flexible and useful things ; in general it is Just Enough and has just the right combinations of qualities for lots of purposes .
And each of its weaknesses is easily avoided or worked around , or just sidestepped — because MySQL replication ’s simplicity and flexibility lets me easily choose a different approach .
In - Place Upgrades
MySQL ’s files are extremely portable between versions , between operating systems , and even between platforms most of the time ( unless you have a system that does n’t use IEEE floating - point format , but who does these days ? ) .
That means an upgrade is dead simple .
This may not seem like a big deal , but I work with a lot of data .
When you do that , you have to consider the alternatives : what if I could n’t upgrade in - place ?
That ’s the current state of PostgreSQL .
You have to dump and reload your data , and when you have a terabyte of data , that ’s no fun .
The workarounds usually involve replicating your data to another server , switching to the other server , upgrading , and switching back .
But why should you have to have another server just to upgrade your data ?
I see this as a significant — even critical — sticking point .
It ’s something I just do n’t have to think about most of the time with MySQL
Are PostgreSQL ’s other strengths enough ?
Not for the systems I work on .
These two problems seem extremely difficult for me to work around .
I rely so heavily on MySQL ’s replication and in - place upgrades that it feels too daunting to live without them .
What I ’m trying to do here is give some psychological insight into what makes me feel happy with MySQL , and afraid of the thought of having to solve these problems with PostgreSQL .
It may or may not apply broadly ; my sense is that these are concerns for others as well , but I could be wrong .
If I were primarily a PostgreSQL user , I ’m sure there would be similar feelings the other direction .
This would explain why some people in the PostgreSQL camp seem to recoil away from MySQL .
I ’d be interested to hear why that is , too .
Gespeichert von Marc Balmer am Sa. ,
07/25/2009 - 21:11
I reworked the GPIO framework in OpenBSD last fall .
Now I have taken my work to NetBSD and updated their GPIO implementation .
While there , I corrected some mistakes made in the OpenBSD implementation and took it a step further .
More development will take place in NetBSD , and there is quite a few interesting upcoming things to watch out for ...
If you are interested in the latest userland accessible GPIO stuff , and the most up - to - date GPIO implementation , then keep an eye on NetBSD - current .
This is where I am working on new stuff .
See http://blog.netbsd.org/tnf/entry/gpio_revisited for details .
And stay tuned .
ASEE advances the development of innovative approaches and solutions to engineering education and excellence in all aspects of engineering education , while continuously improving the member experience .
ASEE promotes diversity by modeling equity and inclusion through its policies and practices and advocates for equal access to engineering educational opportunities for all .
ASEE is the leading advocate for advancing the broad interests of engineering education .
ASEE will cultivate an inclusive community that engages all members and values the contributions of all stakeholders ; we will implement a robust and transparent communication strategy linking those stakeholders .
Recognized as the innovative leader in the application and advancement of silicone prosthetics for the transgender community worldwide .
Transgender Prosthetics
Fetish Prosthetics
Prosthetic skins
Special Effects
... and more W A R N I N G! THIS SITE CONTAINS ADULT - ORIENTED , AGE RESTRICTED MATERIALS YOU MUST BE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OLD TO ENTER THIS WEB SITE .
This site contains sexually explicit material .
It is intended for adults at least 18 years of age or older .
If you are not at least 18 years of age , or if you object to viewing sexually explicit material please leave now .
Even if you are an adult , you should not access this site if you live in certain localities .
For complete Terms and Conditions click here .
Debugging Django
I gave a talk on Debugging Django applications at Monday ’s inaugural meeting of DJUGL , the London Django Users Group .
I wanted to talk about something that was n’t particularly well documented elsewhere , so I pitched the talk as “ Bug Driven Development ” — what happens when Test Driven Development goes the way of this unfortunate pony .
Making the most of the error page
The slides are up on SlideShare , but do n’t provide quite enough context so I ’m going to cover the tips in full here .
Django ’s default error page is great — it provides a detailed traceback with local variables , lets you expand out the lines of code around the problem , provides a plain text exception suitable for e-mailing to colleagues and even a one - click button to send details to http://dpaste.com/
so you can go and talk about the error on IRC .
It also serves the same purpose as phpinfo ( ) — it shows you your application ’s settings , the GET , POST and COOKIE data from the request and the all important META fields assembled from the HTTP environment ( great for remembering how to miss - spell HTTP_REFERER ) .
Useful tip number one is that you can trigger the error page from any view just by adding the following line :
assert False
You can serve up an expression with the assertion as well ; it will be displayed at the top of the error page :
assert False , request .
GET
One particularly useful place to use this is when you are building a complex form .
If you want to see the data that was submitted , drop an assert False in to the view that the form targets and use the error page to inspect the data .
Logging to the development server console
If you want to know what ’s going on inside a view , the quickest way is to drop in a print statement .
The development server outputs any print statements directly to the terminal ; it ’s the server - side alternative to a JavaScript alert ( ) .
If you want to be a bit more sophisticated with your logging , it ’s worth turning to Python ’s logging module ( part of the standard library ) .
You can configure it in your settings.py :
import logging logging .basicConfig ( level = logging .
DEBUG , format = '%( asctime ) s %( levelname )s %( message )s ' , )
Then call it from any of your views :
def my_view ( request ) : import logging logging .
debug ( " A log message " ) ...
Again , this will log things to the terminal where the development server is running .
If you want to log things to a file you can do so by extending the basicConfig call :
logging.basicConfig ( level = logging .
DEBUG , format = '%( asctime ) s %( levelname )s %( message )s ' , filename = ' /tmp/myapp.log ' , filemode = ' w ' )
You can then use tail -f /tmp / myapp.log to see log lines being appended to that file in real - time .
This can be used in production as well as development .
The above just scratches the surface of Python ’s logging module ; with a bit of digging around in the documentation you can use it to rotate log files , send log messages over the network and even POST log events to an HTTP server somewhere .
Often you find yourself dealing with an error that only occurs in certain circumstances — a function might be called from dozens of different places in your program but only runs in to trouble in a very specific case .
You can use the traceback module to log the current stack , which will allow you to tell how a function was called when something went wrong :
import logging , traceback , pprint def my_buggy_function ( arg ) : ... if error_condition : stack = pprint.pformat( traceback.extract_stack ( ) ) logging .
debug (' An error occurred : %s ' % stack )
The tuple returned by traceback.extract_stack ( ) includes line numbers , function names and paths to Python files so you can use it to reconstruct a good amount of information about your program .
Using the debugger
By far the most powerful weapon in my debugging toolkit is the Python debugger , pdb .
Again , this ships with the standard library so there ’s nothing extra to install .
pdb is a command line debugger ( if you want a GUI options include PyEclipse and Komodo , but I have n’t used either myself ) .
There are a bunch of ways to activate pdb , but the most straight forward is to simply drop the following line directly in to a Django view function :
import pdb ; pdb.set_trace ( )
If you try to load that page in your browser , the browser will hang — the page will appear to be loading extremely slowly .
What ’s actually happened is the developer server has paused execution and thrown up the pdb interface — you can switch over to your console and start interacting directly with the server mid view .
Did I mention you should never , ever leave this on in production ?
So , you ’ve got a hung development server and a pdb prompt .
What can you do with it ?
The answer is pretty much anything .
I wo n’t provide a full pdb tutorial here ( this is a good introduction ) , but the commands I find most useful are the following :
list Shows the lines of source code around your current point of execution .
You can run it multiple times to increase the amount of source code displayed .
n Execute the next line s Same as n , but steps in to any functions that are called .
You can quickly get lost in a twisty maze of code with this command , but that ’s OK because ... r Continues execution until the current function returns u
Goes UP one level in the stack — so you can see the function that called the function you are currently in d Goes DOWN again locals ( ) not a pdb command , but handy for seeing what ’s in your current scope
The pdb docs have a full list of commands .
The pdb prompt doubles up as a full Python interactive shell , so you can not only access variables but you can modify them , call functions and generally mess around with the internals of your application as much as you like , while it ’s running .
It ’s kind of a poor man ’s imitation of being a Smalltalk developer .
Remember though , the whole time you ’re messing around in pdb your browser is still stuck there , waiting for the HTTP request to come back .
If you hit “ c ” ( for continue ) your application will kick in again , the request will be served and your browser will breathe a sigh of relief .
Thankfully you do n’t have to use pdb in a way that freezes your development server ; it also works great in the interactive shell .
If you ’ve got a buggy function , one way to explore it is to run it interactively , then use the following idiom :
>>> def function_that_raises_an_exception ( ) : ... assert False ... >>> function_that_raises_an_exception ( )
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 1 , in < module > File " < stdin > " , line 2 , in function_that_raises_an_exception AssertionError >>> import pdb ; pdb.pm ( ) > < stdin>(2)function_that_raises_an_exception ( ) ( Pdb )
pdb.pm ( ) stands for post - mortem , and is probably my favourite feature of the debugger — it lets you jump back in to debug the most recently raised exception , even if you had n’t imported pdb at the time the exception was raised .
One last pdb tip : you can use it to debug Python command line scripts such as Django ’s custom ./ manage .py commands .
The trick is to run the script like this :
python - i manage .py buggy_command
The - i argument causes Python to drop in to the interactive prompt after executing the script .
If the script raised an exception , you can then use pdb.pm ( ) to debug it .
Handling errors in production
Django ’s default behaviour in production ( that is , when the DEBUG setting is set to False ) is to e-mail exception reports to anyone listed in the ADMINS section .
You can also turn on e-mail reports on every 404 error with the SEND_BROKEN_LINK_EMAILS setting , which will send them to addresses in the MANAGERS setting .
As far as I know these settings do n’t do anything else — they ’re a pretty ancient bit of Django .
On a high traffic site you probably do n’t want to be e-mailed on every server error .
One neat alternative is David Cramer ’s django - db - log , which logs exceptions to a database table .
It cleverly uses an MD5 hash of the traceback to aggregate many reports of the same error .
More importantly though , it acts as a really straight forward example of how to use Django middleware ’s process_exception hook to roll your own error reporting .
Take a look at the code to see how simple this is .
More useful middleware
In the talk I demoed a couple of other handy pieces of middleware .
The first was the ProfilerMiddleware ( one of several profiling tools on Django Snippets ) which allows you to add ? prof to the end of any URL to see the output of Python ’s cProfile module run against that request .
The second is one that I ’ve just released : DebugFooter , which adds a footer showing exactly which templates were loaded from where ( handy for debugging complex template paths ) as well as every executed SQL query and how long each one took .
Abusing the test client
A final tip for exploring your application interactively is to learn to use Django ’s TestClient .
Although designed for use in unit tests , this tool is equally useful for use at the interactive prompt .
It allows you to simulate an in - process request against your application from within your Python code .
Here ’s an example :
>>> from django.test.client import Client >>> c = Client( ) >>> response = c.get ( " / " ) #
The homepage >>> response < django.http.HttpResponse object at 0x2300470 > >>> print response Vary : Cookie Content - Type : text / html ; charset=utf -8 <!
DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD
HTML 4.01//EN " " http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/strict.dtd " > < html > ...
The response object you get back is the HttpResponse returned by the view , ready to be explored interactively .
There ’s another function from the unit testing tools that can help with interactively exploring an application : setup_test_environment ( ) .
This function monkey - patches in some additional hooks used by the unit tests , including one that intercepts template render calls and adds information on them to the request object .
Here ’s an example :
>>> from django.test.utils import setup_test_environment >>> setup_test_environment ( ) >>> from django.test.client import Client >>> c = Client( ) >>> response = c.get ( " / " ) >>> response.template [< django.template .
Template object at 0x2723dd0 > , < django.template .Template object at 0x2723f30 > , < django.template.Template object at 0x273ee10 > ] >>> response.context [ list of Context objects ]
This allows you to explore not just the HTML returned by a view , but also the templates and contexts that were used to render it .
Your tips welcome
If you have any useful tips on debugging Django applications , please share them in the comments on this entry .
A vast array of physical and biological systems across the earth are being affected by warming temperatures caused by humans , says a new analysis of information not previously assembled all in one spot .
The effects on living things include earlier leafing of trees and plants over many regions ; movements of species to higher latitudes and altitudes in the northern hemisphere ; changes in bird migrations in Europe , North America and Australia ; and shifting of the oceans ' plankton and fish from cold - to warm - adapted communities .
" Humans are influencing climate through increasing greenhouse gas emissions , and the warming world is causing impacts on physical and biological systems attributable at the global scale , " said lead author Cynthia Rosenzweig , a scientist at the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies and the Columbia Center for Climate Systems Research .
Both are affiliates of The Earth Institute at Columbia University .
Observed impacts included changes to physical systems , such as glaciers shrinking , permafrost melting , and lakes and rivers warming .
Biological systems also were impacted in a variety of ways , such as leaves unfolding and flowers blooming earlier in the spring , birds arriving earlier during migration periods , and plant and animal species moving toward Earth 's poles and higher in elevation .
In aquatic environments such as oceans , lakes , and rivers , plankton and fish are shifting from cold - adapted to warm - adapted communities .
Rosenzweig and researchers from 10 other institutions across the world analyzed data from published papers on 829 physical systems and some 28,800 plant and animal systems , stretching back to 1970 .
Their analysis of revealed a picture of changes on continental scales ; previous studies had looked mainly at single phenomena , or smaller areas .
In physical systems , 95 % of observed changes are consistent with warming trends .
These include wastage of glaciers on all continents ; melting permafrost ; earlier spring river runoff ; and warming of water bodies .
Among living creatures inhabiting such systems , 90 % of changes are consistent with warming .
The researchers say it is unlikely that any force but human - influenced climate change could be driving all this ; factors like deforestation or natural climate variations could not explain it .
Their work builds upon the consensus of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , which in 2007 declared manmade climate warming " likely " to have discernible effects on biological and physical systems .
" It was a real challenge to separate the influence of human - caused temperature increases from natural climate variations or other confounding factors , such as land - use changes or pollution , " said coauthor David Karoly , a climate scientist at the University of Melbourne in Victoria , Australia .
" This was possible only through the combined efforts of our multi- disciplinary team , which examined observed changes in many different systems around the globe , as well as global climate model simulations of temperature changes . "
" Humans are influencing climate through increasing greenhouse gas emissions , " Rosenzweig said .
" The warming is causing impacts on physical and biological systems that are now attributable at the global scale and in North America , Europe , and Asia . "
The data showing the patterns of change are strongest in North America , Asia and Europe - - mainly because far more studies have been done there , said Rosenzweig .
On the other continents , including South America , Australia and Africa , documentation of changes in physical and biological systems is sparse , even though there is good evidence there of human - influenced warming itself .
The authors say that there is an urgent need to study these environmental systems , especially in tropical and subtropical areas .
( Date :8/31/2020 ) ...
HAVEN , Conn . ( PRWEB ) , ... August 31 , 2020 ... ... medical device intended to improve outcomes for patients with advanced heart failure , today ... Research ( SBIR ) grant in the amount of $ 555,358 from the National Heart , Lung , ...
( Date:8/28/2020 ) ... ...
August 28 , 2020 , ... WHAT , Hespiro™ is ... with respiratory conditions , including COVID - 19 , while reducing the need for scarce mechanical ventilators .
... exhaled gas and scrubs it free of carbon dioxide in a completely closed ...
( Date:8/28/2020 ) ... ...
August 28 , 2020 , ... Integrated Viral Protection ... the first Florida school to deploy its breakthrough Mobile Biodefense Indoor Air Protection System ... True North Classical Academy plans to fully reopen equipped with the filtration system on ...
( Date:8/27/2020 ) ... ...
August 27 , 2020 , ... Walk - in Dermatology ’s SK - IN Medical ... its Greenvale , New York location . , Loren received her New York esthetic ... certified in chemical peels , microdermabrasion , Hydrafacial MD , dermaplaning , facial lymphatic , and various laser ...
( Date:8/26/2020 ) ... ...
August 26 , 2020 , ... ... the upcoming Global Inclusion Online Forum , leading a session entitled , “ A CEO Guide ... event of this magnitude designed to bring together the world ’s leading diversity and ...
If pirating grows , it may not be the end of music world BEIJING 
Just picked up a CD by Yu Quan , a duo that is one of the hottest rock acts in China .
Danceable .
Very dramatic .
As if Justin Timberlake had joined Journey and the band sang in Chinese .
Pirating is so prevalent in China that legitimate stores sell pirated CDs .
By Peter Parks , AFP , Getty Images I bought the CD in a legitimate music store on one of the busiest corners in Beijing , a few blocks from Tiananmen Square .
The CD came shrink - wrapped , complete with a slick insert of photos and lyrics , and cost the equivalent of $ 4 .
Yet despite the retail setting and packaging , the CD is most likely a pirated copy .
The pirates are so good , hardly anyone can tell the difference .
Yu Quan , like every music act in China , gets almost no income from CD sales , even though millions of its CDs have been sold .
As soon as a CD is made , the pirates are on the street , offering them for a fraction of the retail price .
Stores sell pirate copies .
Legitimate CDs all but vanish .
So artists have to regard CDs as essentially promotional tools , not as end products .
Yu Quan makes money by performing concerts , getting endorsement deals and appearing in commercials .
If people hear and like Yu Quan 's songs on pirated CDs , at least they 'll be more likely to come to the concerts and buy what the duo endorses .
It 's possible that this is the future of the global music industry .
And even though that sounds dire for music and musicians , surprisingly it might not be .
This all started to become clear with one comment .
I was riding through Beijing in a car with Calvin Quek , a Beijing - based vice president of Silicon Valley venture - capital firm Global Catalyst Partners .
Quek knows Chen Yufan and Hu Haiquan , the two guys who make up Yu Quan .
We were listening to Quek 's iPod , plugged into his car stereo .
I asked Quek if there was an equivalent of iTunes — a legitimate music download service that charges for music — in China .
With no hesitation , Quek answered : " No , and there never will be . "
Music pirating is so rampant and so entrenched in China that it 's unlikely to ever be eradicated .
Chinese consumers have come to believe that music is worth , at most , a few cents a song , and that copying and sharing music are totally acceptable .
In all probability , no company will ever be able to sell $ 15 CDs or 99 cents - a - song downloads in the world 's most populous nation .
The International Federation of Phonographic Industry , which tracks music copyright issues worldwide , agrees .
It figures 95 % of music sales in China are of pirated copies .
Instead of predicting that China will change as it engages with the global economy , the federation warns that China is , in fact , the leader .
The federation 's chairman , Jay Berman , has been quoted as saying , " The business model for the record industry worldwide is moving toward resembling what we see in China today . "
In the USA , free downloads of copyrighted music are driving the recording industry to sue teenagers and holler about the morality of obtaining songs for free .
But if China is the future , that 's all in vain .
The genie is out of the bottle .
Eventually , recorded music will no longer make money .
That would be nice for consumers and really bad for record companies and retailers .
But the biggest concern is that this will be terrible for artists .
If artists can't earn money , economic logic says they might stop making music , which would be a major loss for society .
But is that equation true ?
While visiting USA TODAY last week , Roger McGuinn , who led the Byrds in the 1960s , said he earned just 0.0007 cents on each early Byrds album sold .
He adds that although Arista Records sold 500,000 of his solo album , Back From Rio , McGuinn never got a penny .
In other words , thanks to the machinations of the recording industry , McGuinn has never made any real money on even his most popular recorded music .
Yet he 's done OK and now has a forward - thinking business model .
He has a Web site , www.mcguinn.com, where he posts free songs .
McGuinn made his most recent solo CD by recording it on his laptop and paying to have copies produced and packaged .
He sells the CDs online and at concerts and says it 's the first time he 's ever made a profit on an album .
The online music , the CD and a stalwart Byrds fan base all fuel interest in his live performances , which often sell out small venues .
That 's where he makes his money .
McGuinn is apparently not lavishly rich , but he seems comfortable and is still making music .
Yu Quan and most other Chinese pop artists similarly find ways to make money other than through selling CDs .
A lot of it comes from sponsorship .
Clothing , shampoo and computer brands pay to advertise at a concert .
A bottled - water company put singer Wang Lee Hom on its products .
Chinese rock stars are n't getting as wealthy as , say , Michael Jackson , but Quek raises an interesting question :
Why should they ?
Only a relatively few American rockers ever sell enough CDs to get fabulously rich .
Should society care if rockers can't afford to build their own backyard amusement parks ?
The vast majority of music artists bob along in the middle .
They do n't sell enough CDs to earn out their advances .
They earn a living on the road and maybe from publishing royalties if they write songs .
Such artists would benefit if the industry shifted to a model that includes more — and more innovative — ways for artists to make money .
In that sense , the Chinese and / or McGuinn model could help artists .
Thankfully , not everything about the Chinese music business is likely to come true in the USA .
All of Yu Quan 's songs are apparently about love .
Actually , just about all Chinese rock music is about love , because government lyric sensors wo n't let artists write about much else .
If that were true in America , McGuinn would 've done jail time for co-writing the Byrds ' satirical I Wanna Grow Up to Be a Politician .
Bob Dylan would no doubt be serving a life sentence .
Let 's hope that the new business models can keep those and other creative voices making music .
Kevin Maney has covered technology for USA TODAY since 1985 .
His column appears Wednesdays .
Click here for an index of Technology columns .
E-mail him at : kmaney@usatoday.com .
Paul ’s Soapbox is a regular feature of TechConsumer where I sound off on various tech topics / products that I ’m interested in ( or hate ) .
This is just my $.02 , so consider yourself warned .
This week ’s subjects are all over the place : DRM , “ 3 G ” Wireless , and Playstation Home .
First award winner goes to DRM ( digital restrictions rights management ) for “ How not to create a sustainable business model . ”
I do n’t know how many of you consumers out there saw this , but Microsoft has decided to turn off the DRM services for the MSN Music Store .
This means that anyone who bought leased music from MSN is effectively screwed .
The music will still play on the machines they have authorized already , but when the computer stops , so will the music .
And just like musical chairs , anyone who paid for that music will be left without a chair .
Now you may be saying to yourself , “ Well who bought music from MSN ?
I want to know who these two people are . ”
But this has already happened with Google Video , Major League Baseball , MTV URGE , AOL Music Now , and Virgin Music Club .
Somehow the mainstream technology media is n’t quite catching on to the realities of DRM .
I do n’t think that there is a sustainable business model for music ownership that includes DRM .
Music subscription services are an exception because they do n’t ever act like you own anything .
Maybe that ’s why I get my digital music elsewhere .
att If DRM was the winner of the anti-business model , so - called 3G wireless service is the runner up .
ComputerWorld recently reported on 3G data networks and while most of the review is generally positive there was one thing that stood out to me .
AT&T and Verizon both cap their services at 5GB of data received per month , and word is Sprint will be following suit ( they are actually capping it at 300 MB if you are roaming ! ) .
At first 5 GB might seem like a lot of data , but when you break it down that is not the case .
If a business user were to use the 3G service for 8 hours a day only on weekdays , they could average only 29 MB per hour of data without going over .
Considering that the TechCrunch homepage is 1.8MB by itself or about 1/16 of the hourly quota for a business user .
Or put another way , your connection can only average 8 KB / sec or you ’ll go over .
That is for only 20 days a month , for only 8 hours of the day .
Heaven forbid someone used it everyday because then that is only 169MB for the whole day !
Pshomelogo Last but not least is Playstation Home , which is soon to join Duke Nukem Forever as the world ’s most famous vaporware ( yes , I ’ve heard some people have actually seen it , supposedly ) .
For those not familiar with Playstation Home ( also referred to as just Home ) , it is Sony ’s total copy interpretation of Second Life The Sims Online a virtual world .
It was originally announced in March 2007 and scheduled to come out in open beta in August 2007 and public release in October 2007 .
Now I ’m not really good at math yes I am but August is only five months after March , and we are now about fifteen months past that date , and there still has n’t been a public beta .
Later they promised a “ Spring 2008 ″ delivery , only to announce in Spring 2008 that it would be coming out in Fall 2008 .
I do n’t know if there is a solution to this problem for Sony other than to ship
Home sooner rather than later , but you have to wonder what they were thinking when they made the announcement ( s ) about Home ’s development timeframe .
Any takers on it actually coming out in Fall 2008 ?
Much less whether it will have been worth the wait ?
The really amazing thing is , through all of the troubles the PS3 has gone through ( and it really could n’t be much worse ) it is still a system people will consider buying .
Talk about a powerful brand .
The plans are being considered to dissuade children from smoking
Tougher controls on vending machines in pubs and restaurants are also being discussed , and the public will be consulted on the proposals soon .
Ex-smoker and Tory leader David Cameron said the idea was worth looking at .
But the Association of Convenience Stores said the move would be ineffective and present major problems .
It said forcing shops to hide their cigarettes would create practical difficulties and result in extra expense for shop owners .
Under the counter
Outlining the proposals , Public Health Minister Dawn Primarolo said it was " vital " to teach children that " smoking is bad " .
" If that means stripping out vending machines or removing cigarettes from behind the counter , I 'm willing to do that , " she said .
Ms Primarolo stressed : " Children who smoke are putting their lives at risk and are more likely to die of cancer than people who start smoking later . "
Opposition leader Mr Cameron backed the idea , saying : " As someone who struggled with giving up smoking , it helps if you take away some of the temptation .
" It is difficult and there will be all sorts of problems in terms of the layout of shops , that 's why it is right to have a consultation .
HAVE YOUR SAY
Either ban cigarettes entirely ( and deal with the loss to the treasury ) or do n't , but enough with demonising smokers .
Ebon_bear , Stoke - on - Trent
" Let 's not rule it out , " he added .
The measures could effectively force the sale of cigarettes and tobacco products under the counter in convenience shops and supermarkets .
Measures that make it easier to sell nicotine replacement gums and patches are also under consideration .
The Department of Health , which is keen to prevent youngsters from smoking , has cited research that suggests someone who starts smoking at the age of 15 is three times more likely to die of smoking - related cancer than someone who starts in their late 20s .
The proposed measures come after this year 's Budget in which Chancellor Alistair Darling increased the duty on tobacco , adding 11 p to the price of a packet of 20 cigarettes and 4p to the price of five cigars .
The chancellor also said the government was continuing the 5 % reduced rate of VAT on smoking cessation products beyond 30 June .
A ban on smoking in public places and workplaces in England came into force last July .
Bans were introduced in Scotland in 2006 , and in Wales and Northern Ireland in 2007 .
A battery of gadgets worthy of James Bond is being introduced by one of Britain 's biggest exam boards to crack down on cheating in A - level and GCSE exams .
It includes :
* Radio tagging all the bags of exam papers so exam bosses can tell from their headquarters whether they have been opened or moved before the day of the exam ;
* Using a scanning device which can detect whether there are similarities in the responses of candidates to individual questions , which will alert markers to copying or plagiarism ;
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
* Inserting letters which are invisible to the naked eye on papers , so checks can be made as to whether they have been photocopied .
This is designed to prevent pupils seeing the papers before they sit them .
One measure considered by exam bosses was dropped , however , because it was considered unnecessary – putting all the papers in remotely lockable boxes which could be opened by a mobile phone on the day the pupils sat the exam .
The new gadgetry was trialled last year and incidents of cheating were dramatically reduced .
This year , the methods are being introduced nationwide .
Jerry Jarvis , the managing director of the examination board , Edexcel , said there had been " zero incidents " of major cheating for the first time last year .
" We had the best year ever in terms of the amount of cheating , " he said .
" Eighty per cent of kids who cheat are caught – and that message got across . "
Penalties can range from a reduction in marks to being barred from sitting exams for a lengthy period .
Mr Jarvis said he thought the majority of pupils " feel very strongly " about the immorality of cheating when they had worked very hard to do well honestly .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
A spokeswoman for Edexcel added : " These measures helped to make 2007 a year with no major breaches of security .
" There were minor problems , such as some teachers opening the exam bags before the appointed time .
Each problem is taken very seriously by Edexcel 's com-pliance team , which found the vast majority of incidents were the result of administrative errors and not malpractice . "
In the past there have been incidents of exam papers being stolen and being offered on the " black market " before exams .
Teachers have been accused of looking at papers and giving pupils hints about what is likely to feature in the exam .
" The biggest issue was not to catch the cheats , " said Mr Jarvis .
" It was to make students believe if they were cheating they would get caught – and that seems to have got across . "
The scanning device designed to detect whether students have copied each other operates by " looking at a number of student responses and a large number of questions to see if a pattern emerges in the answers " , explained Mr Jarvis .
The most common forms of cheating have been copying or using mobile phones .
The exam board is offering all exam centres access to a " gradometer " from 6 am on the day results are announced .
It shows results and by how much they have missed out on a higher grade .
Edexcel believes it will help pupils decide whether it is worth appealing against a grade .
Trialled to 115,000 students last year , it produced an increase in appeals , but the number of papers regraded went down .
This year , the board estimates it will be available to 250,000 pupils .
On Friday afternoon the White House posted without fanfare a new Executive Order that revamps an important though little known intelligence board .
There are a few minor changes , but the most radical revision appears to be that the board has now been stripped of nearly all its powers to investigate and check illegal intelligence activities .
It 's difficult to see what legitimate reasons there could have been for gutting the oversight activities of the board in this way , and the WH has not explained the changes .
And perhaps not coincidentally , the board has been renamed .
Under the older Executive Order from 1993 , it was called the President 's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board ( PFIAB ) .
Now it has been renamed the President 's Intelligence Advisory Board ( PIAB ) , suggesting perhaps that the Bush administration had domestic intelligence activities in mind while making these revisions .
PFIAB is tasked with a range of things , but particularly with assessing " the quality , quantity , and adequacy of intelligence collection , of analysis and estimates , and of counterintelligence and other intelligence activities " ; and with reviewing the performance of intelligence agencies .
Board members are meant to bring an independent point of view to bear on intelligence activities ; they can not be employees of the federal government .
This excellent post from 2006 by georgia10 has essential background on the board .
PFIAB members get unprecedented access to our nation 's most closely gaurded secrets .
They have , according to Salon , " access to intelligence that is unavailable to most members of Congress .
They are privy to intelligence from the Central Intelligence Agency , the National Security Agency , the military intelligence agencies and others . " ...
The historical role of the PFIAB cannot be underscored enough .
It has the ability to look into the most controversial aspects of our intelligence .
For example , after the flurry of controversy about the 16 words in Bush 's SOTU speech , it was the PFIAB that was the first government body to conclude the claim was " questionable " -- though it did blame the insertion on the lack of " an organized system at the White House to vet intelligence . "
Georgia also highlighted how , over the course of his presidency , Bush had stacked the PFIAB increasingly with cronies and utter hacks - many of whom were in no way capable of assessing intelligence activities or reviewing agencies .
In other words , Bush clearly had little interest in using the Board as intended , to serve as an independent check upon the country 's intelligence services .
And now Bush has remade PFIAB / PIAB in such a way as to take away the very means the Board used to possess to check out - of - control intelligence activities .
There is a powerful and critical standing committee within PFIAB , the Intelligence Oversight Board ( IOB ) .
It was created in 1976 after the exposure of widespread intelligence abuses .
IOB 's purpose was to act as a check upon illegal intelligence activities .
The most radical changes in the new Executive Order concern the IOB , which Bush has stripped of important powers and duties .
Here from the 1993 Executive Order are the relevant powers and duties of the IOB , which were in effect until Friday .
I have put in bold several notable clauses .
Sec. 2.2 . The Iob shall : ( a ) prepare for the President reports of intelligence activities that the Iob believes may be unlawful or contrary to Executive order or Presidential directive ; ( b ) forward to the Attorney General reports received concerning intelligence activities that the Iob believes may be unlawful or contrary to Executive order or Presidential directive ; ( c ) review the internal guidelines of each agency within the Intelligence Community that concern the lawfulness of intelligence activities ; ( d ) review the practices and procedures of the Inspectors General and General Counsel of the Intelligence Community for discovering and reporting intelligence activities that may be unlawful or contrary to Executive order or Presidential directive ; and ( e ) conduct such investigations as the Iob deems necessary to carry out its functions under this order .
Now compare the IOB 's powers and duties under Bush 's new Executive Order .
You 'll note that nearly all the foregoing powers and duties are gone , and with them , any real chance of independence of action .
Sec. 6 . Functions of the IOB .
Consistent with the policy set forth in section 1 of this order , the IOB shall : ( a ) issue criteria on the thresholds for reporting matters to the IOB , to the extent consistent with section 1.7(d ) of Executive Order 12333 or the corresponding provision of any successor order ; ( b ) inform the President of intelligence activities that the IOB believes : ( i ) ( A ) may be unlawful or contrary to Executive Order or presidential directive ; and ( B ) are not being adequately addressed by the Attorney General , the DNI , or the head of the department concerned ; or ( ii ) should be immediately reported to the President .
( c ) review and assess the effectiveness , efficiency , and sufficiency of the processes by which the DNI and the heads of departments concerned perform their respective functions under this order and report thereon as necessary , together with any recommendations , to the President and , as appropriate , the DNI and the head of the department concerned ; ( d ) receive and review information submitted by the DNI under subsection 7 ( c ) of this order and make recommendations thereon , including for any needed corrective action , with respect to such information , and the intelligence activities to which the information relates , as necessary , but not less than twice each year , to the President , the DNI , and the head of the department concerned ; and ( e ) conduct , or request that the DNI or the head of the department concerned , as appropriate , carry out and report to the IOB the results of , investigations of intelligence activities that the IOB determines are necessary to enable the IOB to carry out its functions under this order .
The newly revised IOB is much more passive .
Gone is the duty to review agency guidelines regarding illegal intelligence activities .
Gone is the duty to hold accountable the intelligence watchdog offices , such as inspectors general , who are supposed to serve as a bulwark against illegal activities .
Gone is the duty ( " shall ...forward " ) to take illegal activities directly to the Attorney General .
That was a core function of the IOB originally .
As before , the IOB can still report any illegality to the president - who may however have had a hand in the law - breaking .
Indeed the IOB is discouraged from doing even that much if the lawlessness already seems to be getting " addressed " by some agency head or the DNI .
The new rules seem to envisage at least in some cases that illegal activities identified by IOB can be remedied with bureaucratic fixes without notifying the Justice Department .
Gone too , for the most part , are independent investigations .
What 's left is mainly the duty to review and respond to the reports sent back to IOB by the DNI , who now acts as an intermediary for any complaints that IOB may make about illegal intelligence activities .
IOB 's recommendations have to be laundered through the DNI henceforth .
As described in section 7 of the new Executive Order , the DNI may act upon IOB 's recommendations to correct illegal activities , or even report the activities to the Attorney General , as appropriate .
But the IOB is essentially dependent upon the DNI .
It can not effect any change or expose any crimes against the wishes of the DNI ( or President ) .
As the AP report emphasizes , Bush 's Executive Order transfers many of IOB 's former powers and responsibilities directly to the DNI .
A new White House executive order splits the watchdog duties of the Intelligence Oversight Board , a five - member panel of private citizens , with National Intelligence Director Mike McConnell .
Rather than intelligence agencies reporting their activities to the board for review , they will now report them to McConnell ...
Steven Aftergood , the director of the Project on Government Secrecy at the Federation of American Scientists , an advocacy group , said the move appears to dilute the independent board 's investigatory powers in favor of a member of the president 's administration .
" It makes the new board subordinate to the ( national intelligence director ) in a way that the old board was not subordinate to the director of central intelligence , " he said .
In short , the IOB has been hollowed out and lost any real ability to act independently to uncover , thwart , expose , or punish illegal intelligence activities .
To return , then , to the name change .
It could be that the hollowing out of the IOB 's powers is related to the fact that the PFIAB , now PIAB , has lost the term " Foreign " in its name .
The Bush administration is engaged in an epic struggle with Congress to keep its illegal domestic intelligence activities secret .
That is what the battle over the FISA bill is all about .
The last thing Bush , Cheney , and Addington would wish to do would be to leave the IOB in a position to start investigating or exposing that illegality - now , or in a future administration .
It 's worth noting that an anonymous WH official has offered to the Associated Press a preposterous explanation for the new Executive Order .
It is , the official claims , all about forcing the intelligence agencies to work with DNI Mike McConnell .
And how does that explain the stripping away of IOB 's duty to report illegal activities directly to the Attorney General ?
No , the WH spin is meant to distract from , rather than explain , that very fact .
This is yet another major intelligence reform of the post - Nixon era that the Bush administration has undermined .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Two New York men wheeled the corpse of their friend around the sidewalks of midtown Manhattan in an office chair in a failed attempt to cash his $ 355 Social Security check , police said .
Virgilio Cintron , 66 , had died of natural causes when two of his friends , both aged 65 , brought him to a check - cashing store in the Hell ’s Kitchen neighborhood Tuesday .
“ They were trying to pass him off as still being alive , ” police spokesman Paul Browne said .
The two suspects left the corpse on the sidewalk while they attempted to cash the check , but the clerk knew Cintron and asked to see him .
The two men promised to bring him right back , but when they went outside to retrieve him a crowd had gathered around the dead man .
An on - duty detective who had been eating lunch nearby spotted Cintron and immediately realized he was dead , putting an end to the caper .
The public relations executive whom Senator John McCain ’s campaign had chosen to run the Republican National Convention this summer resigned his post on Saturday after a magazine reported that his firm had lobbied for the military junta that runs Myanmar .
The executive , Doug Goodyear , said in a statement that he was stepping down as the coordinator of the convention , which will be held Sept. 1 - 4 in Minneapolis- St. Paul , “ so as not to become a distraction in this campaign . ”
“ I continue to strongly support John McCain for president and wish him the best of luck in this campaign , ” the two - sentence statement concluded .
Mr. Goodyear is the chief executive and a founding partner of the DCI Group , which has offices in Washington and Phoenix .
He offered his resignation after Newsweek reported that his firm had been paid $ 348,000 in 2002 to represent the junta .
Cellular automata and music
Using the Java language for algorithmic music composition
Many computer programmers are accomplished musicians ; it 's the rare software company that can't put together a decent house band .
However , many programmer / musicians might be unaware of an interesting area in which their vocations and avocations intersect : algorithmic music composition .
Algorithmic music composition is the application of a rigid , well - defined algorithm to the process of composing music .
Cellular automata ( CAs ) -- a class of mathematical structures that evolve over time -- present an intriguing avenue for algorithmic music composition .
Computers are ideal for computing the evolutions of a cellular automaton ( CA ) and displaying them graphically .
You can also represent the evolutions with sound , including music .
But finding techniques of mapping CA evolutions into pleasing and interesting music is a highly nontrivial problem .
This article presents some techniques for doing CA - based musical composition in the Java language and explores specific mappings that yield especially good results .
An overview of cellular automata
A CA consists of :
A matrix , or grid , of cells , each of which can be in one of a finite number of states
A rule that defines how the cells ' states are updated over time
The matrix of cells can have any number of dimensions .
Given a cell 's state and the state of its neighbors at time t , the rule determines the cell 's state at time t +
1 . ( This will become clearer after you look at some concrete examples . )
Elementary cellular automata
I 'll concentrate in this article on one - dimensional cellular automata , whose cells can be in one of two states , 0 or 1 .
Because the CA is one - dimensional , you can think of it as a row of cells .
The value of a cell at time t + 1 will depend only on the value of that cell and its immediate neighbors to the left and right at time t. Such CAs are called elementary cellular automata .
CA diagrams use white to represent 0 and black to represent 1 .
The top row shows the eight combinations of colors that a cell and its left and right neighbors can have .
The bottom row shows the color of the center cell at the next step .
For example , consider the fourth square from the left in Figure 1 .
In this square , you can see that if a cell is white , its left neighbor black , and its right neighbor white , then that cell will be black in the next step .
The convention is to call this rule 150 : If you think of the white and black cells as representing the binary digits 0 and 1 , respectively , then the bottom row codes up the decimal number 150 in binary form .
Figure 1 is a visual representation of rule 150 .
Rule 150 generates some interesting tunes when you use sound to represent a CA , so I 'll use it as an example throughout this article .
Figure 1 . Rule 150
Now , consider a rule 150 CA that starts out with all white cells , except for a single black cell in the center .
The CA then evolves through the sequence of steps illustrated in Figure 2 .
Figure 2 . Rule 150 sequence of steps
Note that although the automaton is one - dimensional , you show sequential steps of its evolution in successive rows going down the page .
Figure 2 shows the first five steps ( including the initial state ) of the CA 's evolution .
You can see that each cell 's color is determined by its own color and its immediate neighbors ' colors from the row above , according to rule 150 .
Also , note that you consider the values of all the cells in the row to be updated simultaneously at each step of the evolution .
Figure 3 shows how the CA looks after 100 steps of evolution :
Figure 3 . Rule 150 after 100 steps
The CA evolution in Figure 3 happens to be symmetric , but not all CA evolutions are .
Wolfram 's research into cellular automata
CAs have been a subject of research for over half a century .
Stanislaw Ulam and John von Neumann invented the concept of CAs in the 1940s and made many important discoveries in the 1940s and 1950s .
John Horton Conway and Bill Gosper did further studies in the 1970s on a particular two - dimensional type of CA that Conway invented , known as Life .
Stephen Wolfram started doing CA research in the 1980s ( see Related topics ) .
By studying elementary cellular automata , Wolfram found that complex behavior could arise from simple mechanisms .
For example , consider rule 30 .
As with all elementary cellular automata , its definition , illustrated in Figure 4 , is quite simple -- a small diagram defines it completely .
Figure 4 . Rule 30
However , rule 30's subsequent evolution is quite complex .
Figure 5 shows a CA 's evolution after 100 steps , using rule 30 .
Figure 5 . Rule 30 after 100 steps
After examining the behavior of the 256 elementary CAs and other more complex CAs , Wolfram found that CAs could be categorized into four classes .
Mathematician and author Rudy Rucker has described these four classes concisely and accurately in his presentation " Things Computer Science Tells Us About Philosophy " ( see Related topics ) :
Class 1 : Constant .
( Any seed " dies out . " )
: ( Any seed " dies out . " )
Class 2 : Repeats .
( Loop , Stripes . )
Class 2A : Nested . ( Regular Fractal . )
: ( Loop , Stripes . )
Class 3 : ( Pseudo ) Random .
( Seething . )
: ( Seething . )
Class 4 : Complex . ( " Gnarly " .
Gliders .
Universal computations . )
Wolfram has made the plausible claim that most class 3 and 4 CAs are probably computationally irreducible : Given an initial state , to find out the value of a particular cell at step n , you must run out the computation through all n steps starting with the initial configuration .
That is , there 's no formula or shortcut that allows you to predict the CA 's future state .
Beyond music Can CAs ' computational power be put to uses other than musical composition ?
Check out the sidebar " Applications of cellular automata . "
CAs ' computational power
Moreover , Wolfram , and Matthew Cook have proven that rule 110 is computationally equivalent to a universal Turing machine .
( Conway proved this earlier for Life . )
That is , you can use rule 110 to compute any function that a universal Turing machine can compute .
This is probably true for other elementary CAs in class 4 as well .
That is , some CAs , although they have simple definitions , can be programmed to perform any desired computation .
An open problem
Of course , CAs are pure mathematical constructs ; visual representations of CAs simply help us understand and talk about them .
In " Open Problems & Projects , " Wolfram posed this problem :
Is it possible to come up with an audio representation of CA evolution that provides insight that visual representations do n't provide ?
It 's an interesting problem .
You can examine an image at your leisure and linger over points of interest , but you experience a sound through time ; when it 's over , the best you can do is play it again .
Wolfram thinks that for this and other reasons it 's probably not possible to come up with such an audio representation .
A musical problem
I 'll focus on a slightly related problem :
Is it possible to come up with interesting and pleasing music using CAs ?
Pictorial representations of some CAs can be quite striking and beautiful .
Can this beauty be rendered in music too ?
Also , it would be nice to harness CAs ' universal computational power to compose music -- in particular , to find a way to map CA evolutions into music that 's pleasing or at least interesting .
Using the Java language for musical composition
jMusic , created by Andrew Sorensen and Andrew Brown , is an open source framework for writing music programs in the Java language ( see Related topics ) .
It 's built on top of the Java Sound API and allows composers to think at the musical level without having to worry about low - level audio programming details .
Construction of a musical score in jMusic is elegant and intuitive .
It mirrors the construction of musical scores on paper : Notes make up a phrase , phrases make up a part , and parts make up a score .
The example in Listing 1 illustrates this simplicity .
Listing 1 . " Bicycle Built for Two , " by Harry Dacre , in jMusic
int [ ] pitches = { C5 , A4 , F4 , C4 , D4 , E4 , F4 , D4 , F4 , C4 } ; double [ ] rhythmValues = { DOTTED_HALF_NOTE , DOTTED_HALF_NOTE , DOTTED_HALF_NOTE , DOTTED_HALF_NOTE , QUARTER_NOTE , QUARTER_NOTE , QUARTER_NOTE , HALF_NOTE , QUARTER_NOTE , 2 * DOTTED_HALF_NOTE } ; Note[ ] notes = new Note[ pitches.length ] ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < notes.length ; i++) { //
A note is made up of a pitch and duration notes [ i ] = new Note ( pitches[i ] , rhythmValues [ i ] ) ; } //
A phrase is made up of notes Phrase phrase = new Phrase ( notes ) ; Part pianoPart = new Part ( " Piano " , PIANO ) ; // A part is made up of phrases pianoPart.add ( phrase ) ; // A score is made up of part (s ) int tempo = 180 ; Score daisy = new Score ( " A Bicycle Built For Two " , tempo , pianoPart ) ; //
In key of F : 1 flat daisy.setKeySignature(-1 ) ; // In 3/4 time daisy.setNumerator(3 ) ; daisy.setDenominator(4 ) ; // Display score in standard musical notation View.notate ( daisy ) ; //
Write out score to MIDI file Write.midi( daisy , " C:\\Daisy.mid " ) ;
Now , listen to the resulting MIDI file .
jMusic has many other nice features in addition to MIDI functionality .
For example , you can display your score in conventional music notation .
Also , the mod package lets you perform transformations on phrases , such as transposing or inverting .
Automatous Monk
Automatous Monk ( a.k.a. Monk ) , named after the mighty jazz pianist and composer Thelonious Monk , is an open - source program I 've written in the Java language that generates melodies from CA evolutions ( see Related topics ) .
Monk uses the jMusic framework to represent the resulting music as jMusic scores you can save and play as MIDI files .
I 'll use code examples from Monk and short MIDI file examples created by Monk to illustrate my points .
Representing CAs in the Java language
I wo n't go into detail on how to fully represent CAs in the Java language , but it 's instructive to see how a cell 's next state can be computed from its current state and its neighbors ' current states .
A binary number , as you 've seen , can be used to represent a rule , and an integer can be used to represent the state of a CA cell at a given step .
The code in Listing 2 calculates a cell 's next state .
Listing 2 . Calculating the next state of a cell
/** * Computes the next state of a cell .
* @param nWCellState
State of the cell to the left of the current cell in * preceding generation .
* @param nCellState State of the current cell in preceding generation .
* @param nECellState
State of the cell to the right of the current cell in * preceding generation .
* @return Next state of the cell .
*/ int getNextStateOfCell( int nWCellState , int nCellState , int nECellState ) { //
Find the index of the current state in the rule pattern int index =
4 * nWCellState + 2 * nCellState + nECellState ; //
Get the value of the digit in that place int nextState = ( rule >> index ) % 2 ; return nextState ; }
Musical representations of CA evolutions
Now comes the hard part :
How do you construct music from CA evolutions ?
One fact seems obvious :
With visual representations of CA evolutions , time increases as you go down the page .
This makes sense for a musical representation also .
So , each row of the CA evolution will represent one beat .
I 'll show you some mappings in Monk that give good musical results .
Nested CAs tend to yield pleasing music ; you can hear the visual regularity reflected in the music .
The nested rule 150 is a good example .
Wolfram 's book A New Kind of Science briefly outlines some ways of representing CAs by music ( see Related topics ) .
My mappings are based on those ideas .
" Keyboard " mapping
This " keyboard " mapping is probably the most obvious one .
Each cell ( or column ) in the CA corresponds to a particular pitch .
You can think of each cell as mapping to a piano key .
However , my implementation complicates the computation somewhat because it takes into account the type of scale you use -- for example , chromatic , major , or minor -- and the intervals between notes in that type of scale .
The mapping in Listing 3 calculates the pitch for a given cell .
Listing 3 . Calculating a cell 's pitch
/** * @param cellPos Position of the cell .
The position of the center cell is * 0 , while positions to the right are positive and positions * to the left are negative .
* @param normalize
If true , make sure return value is a valid * MIDI pitch .
That is , make sure that it is between 0 and * 128 .
* @return
The starting pitch of the cell .
*/ int getStarting Pitch ( int cellPos , boolean normalize ) { int [ ] scale = scaleType.getScale ( ) ; int interval ; int scaleWidth = scale .
length ; // Compute the interval from middle C to this pitch . if ( cellPos >= 0 ) { interval = ( cellPos / scaleWidth ) * HALF_STEPS_IN_OCTAVE
+ scale[cellPos % scaleWidth ] ; } else { interval = ( - cellPos / scaleWidth ) * HALF_STEPS_IN_OCTAVE
; if ( - cellPos % scaleWidth !=
0 ) { interval += 12 - scale[scaleWidth - ( - cellPos % scaleWidth ) ] ; } interval *= - 1 ; } //
Add interval to middle C , C4 . int pitch = C4 + interval ; if ( normalize ) { pitch %= 128 ; if ( pitch < 0 ) { pitch += 128 ; } } return pitch ; }
Now , listen to the result when you apply this mapping to rule 150 .
As you can hear , the result is a bit cacophonous ( although you can hear its nested structure in a coarse way ) .
The " chords " are simply too dense .
In the rest of this article , I 'll show you mappings that produce simple melodies without multiple simultaneous notes .
These types of mappings , combined with the right rules , can generate surprisingly appealing and intriguing melodies .
" Row to binary number " mapping
The " row to binary number " mapping considers each row to be a binary number that represents a pitch .
You encounter one subtlety , though : How do you order the digits ?
Usually , you order them from right to left , with the right - most digit being the least significant digit .
However , a one - dimensional CA has no right - most ( or left - most ) cell .
We consider the CA 's " universe " to be of infinite extent in both the left and right directions .
So , as you do with the x-axis in the Cartesian plane , you consider a particular cell to be the origin .
Cells to the right of the origin are numbered positively , and cells to the left of the origin are numbered negatively .
All the example CAs in this article start with a single black cell , so it 's natural to consider this cell as the origin .
In ordering the binary - number digits from least - to most - significant , start at the origin and work your way outward .
You can do this in either of two ways , depending on whether you favor the cells to the left of the origin or the cells to the right of the origin :
Favor left : 0 , - 1 , 1 , - 2 , 2 , - 3 , 3 , ...
Favor right : 0 , 1 , - 1 , 2 , - 2 , 3 , - 3 , ...
In either case , you can code up a row of the CA as a binary number .
Because only numbers between 0 and 128 specify MIDI pitches , you can then convert this number to a MIDI pitch by taking its value modulo 128 .
Listing 4 contains the corresponding code from Automatous Monk .
Listing 4 . Reordering a row and calculating the pitch
/** * Reorders a row according to significance of digits .
* @param rowIndex
The generation number of the row * @param cA
The CA containing the row * @param bias Left - or right - side bias * @return
The reordered row with least - significant digits to right */ int [ ] reorderRow ( int rowIndex , CellularAutomaton cA , HorizontalBias bias ) { int [ ] [ ]
cAHistory = cA.getGenerations ( ) ; int [ ] row = cAHistory [ rowIndex ] ; int len = row.length ; int [ ] reordered = new int[ len ] ; int mid = len / 2 ; reordered [ len - 1 ] = row [ mid ] ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < ( len - 1 ) / 2 ; i++) { //
Note that this favors one side of the CA over the // other side , but there seems to be no way to get around this .
if ( bias.equals ( HorizontalBias.LEFT ) ) { reordered [ len - ( 2 * i + 1 ) - 1 ] = row [mid - ( i + 1 ) ] ; reordered [ len - ( 2 * i + 2 ) - 1 ] = row [mid + i + 1 ] ; } else { reordered [ len - ( 2 * i + 1 ) - 1 ] = row [mid + i + 1 ] ; reordered [ len - ( 2 * i + 2 ) - 1 ] = row [mid - ( i + 1 ) ] ; } } return reordered ; } /** * Computes a MIDI pitch from a row of 0s and 1s .
* @param rowIndex
The generation number of the row * @param clllrAutmtn
The CA containing the row * @param bias Left - or right - side bias * @return A valid MIDI pitch */ int getPitchFromRow ( int rowIndex , InfiniteCellularAutomaton clllrAutmtn , HorizontalBias bias ) { int [ ] reorderedRow = reorderRow ( rowIndex , clllrAutmtn , bias ) ; int pitch = 0 ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < reorderedRow.length ; i++) { pitch = ( 2 * pitch + reorderedRow[i ] ) % 128 ; } return pitch ; }
Now , listen to the melody generated by applying this mapping to rule 150 .
Note that you get the same result whether you use left - or right - bias , because rule 150 is symmetric .
" Cumulative row to binary number " mapping
The " cumulative row to binary number " mapping is the same as the previous mapping , but you keep a cumulative sum -- a running total -- of the row values .
The mapping code is in Listing 5 .
Listing 5 . Keeping a running total of pitches of successive rows
/** * Converts the successive rows of a CA to a musical phrase .
* @param cA
A cellular automaton * @param bias Favor left - or right - side in generating pitches * @return A musical phrase corresponding to cA */ public Phrase convertCAHistoryToPhrase ( CellularAutomaton cA , HorizontalBias bias ) { Phrase phr = new Phrase ( ) ; int cumulativePitch = 0 ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < cA.getGenerationCnt( ) ; i++) { int pitch = getPitchFromRow(i , cA , bias ) ; //
Need to take mod 128 to keep it a valid MIDI pitch .
cumulativePitch = ( cumulativePitch + pitch ) % 128 ; Note n = new Note( cumulativePitch , CAConstants.DEFAULT_NOTE ) ; phr.add(n ) ; } return phr ; }
Now , listen to what that sounds like .
This result is more melodic than the previous example , which sounded a bit like a rhythm section .
Combinations of mappings
Combining mappings can lead to good results .
For example , you can combine the rule 150 melody with the rhythm section .
You can also combine the binary and cumulative binary mappings applied to rule 60 .
Note that the left - and right - bias versions of the mappings are different , because rule 60 is n't symmetric .
This leads to four voices and a richer sound .
I have to admit that I think rule 60 is rather catchy !
I 've spent a lot of time ( certainly more than most people ) listening to CAs , and I often find rule 60 playing in my head .
I think of it as sort of the Hanson or the Jackson 5 of the CA world .
How to convert MIDI files to cell phone rings
It would be neat to generate cell phone rings with CA .
( Wolfram has mentioned that he'd like such a ring for his own phone . )
I 'm not an expert on the subject , but cell phone ring mechanisms seem to vary across cell phone brands .
However , at least a couple of open source software programs -- Clint Levijoki's midi2rtx and Andreas Leitner 's Midi2C25 -- transform MIDI files into cell phone rings ( see Related topics ) .
I have n't used these programs yet , because I do n't have a cell phone -- but I 'm tempted to get one just to try them out .
Keep it simple
As I mentioned earlier , I 've found it 's best to concentrate on mappings that produce single - voice melodies ( while perhaps layering these melodies as I did with the binary and cumulative binary mappings ) , and essentially ignore harmony and rhythm .
This is n't as big a limitation as it might seem to be .
Much baroque music , such as J.S. Bach's , was of this type .
There 's even a word for it : polyphony .
( Of course , I 'm simplifying things quite a bit :
In polyphony , harmonies do emerge from the separate voices , and rhythm is n't completely ignored . )
These polyphonic combinations of mappings are a good first step in creating music from CAs .
I 've also found that simple mappings yield the most pleasing results .
However , this should n't be surprising , because even simple visual mappings -- map a 1 to a black square and a 0 to a white square -- can generate quite beautiful and intricate patterns .
Moreover , consider the fact that some CAs , such as rule 110 , are capable of universal computation .
And assume for the moment that musical composition is a purely rational activity -- that you can program a computer to compose music .
Then it should be possible for a universal CA , such as rule 110 , to generate music on its own without our having to " code up " any musical intelligence or knowledge in the mapping itself .
Of course , I 've been using only extremely simple starting states , and perhaps rule 110 , say , needs a more complicated program and input data coded up in its starting state to produce truly beautiful music .
The point is that the mappings from CA states to notes should be fairly " transparent ; " the CA should do all the compositional work .
Another danger in trying to make your mappings complex is that you tend to code up your own musical prejudices ( be they Eastern or Western , tonal or atonal ) in those mappings .
Writing a computer program that can compose a piece in Chopin 's or Bach 's style nearly as well as Chopin or Bach could is a difficult problem and an admirable achievement ; after all , it 's always nice to have another " new " Chopin or Bach piece .
But why limit ourselves to this ?
I think algorithmic music composition wo n't have truly succeeded until it can produce not only beautiful music , but also beautiful music of a wholly different type from what we 've heard before .
Chopin and Bach were n't great simply because they wrote great music ; they were great because they introduced whole new musical ways of thinking .
I think the best results will come from using simple mappings and letting the CA generate any musical ideas .
The Gnarl
Rudy Rucker has defined a concept he calls the Gnarl : things that have a level of chaos that is tuned right to the boundary between order and disorder .
When I first started listening to the CA music produced by Monk , some of the best - sounding CAs seemed to me to be examples of the Gnarl .
Later , I read in Rucker 's " Things Computer Science Tells Us About Philosophy " that he considers class 4 CAs to be examples of the Gnarl .
What does a gnarly CA sound like ?
Listen to rule 225 .
Applications of computer music composition
Some interesting pieces have been composed primarily by computer .
In particular , John Elliot 's Transmusic project ( see Related topics ) has composed music that is astonishingly good .
Transmusic uses two - dimensional CAs for its compositions .
David Cope's Experiments in Musical Intelligence ( EMI ) program has written some of the most impressive pieces composed by a computer ( see Related topics ) .
EMI is capable of writing quite good pieces in the style of any composer .
However , EMI is more than just a clever producer of pastiche .
It 's capable of extending musical structures in novel ways .
When I listen to rule 225 , I feel that I can almost grasp its structure , but not quite .
This makes it possible to listen to it for long periods of time without getting bored .
On the other hand , rule 60 , which is a nested pattern , is quite enjoyable to listen to from time to time but does n't hold my interest for long .
Rule 60's structure is too easy to grasp ; it might be nice , chewy , crunchy mind - candy , but it 's not an example of the Gnarl .
Even though rule 225 yields a regular nested pattern with the starting state I 've given it -- and is therefore not in class 4 -- it still sounds pretty gnarly to me .
( Why a CA can often sound more gnarly than it looks is a topic for a whole other article . )
So what does a real class 4 CA sound like ?
Rule 110 is in class 4 ; listen to it .
It definitely does sound as if we 've entered the Lair of the Gnarl .
As with much good music , you need to listen to it a few times before you can appreciate it fully .
Other algorithmic music composition projects
A lot more research is going on in algorithmic music composition than you might expect .
There are basically two approaches to using computers for music composition : top - down and bottom - up .
Composers who use computer programs as aids to composition mostly use them in a top - down manner -- by arranging musical building blocks into larger structures .
Automatous
Monk takes a bottom - up approach :
It creates music at the note level .
CAMUS
CAMUS , written by Eduardo Reck Miranda , is another bottom - up approach that uses CAs to generate music ( see Related topics ) .
It uses Life and Demon Cyclic Space to generate music .
Unlike the one - dimensional CAs I 've shown you , both Life and Demon Cyclic Space are two - dimensional CAs ; that is , the cells are arranged in a two - dimensional grid .
Life is especially interesting ( and fun to program and watch ) .
CAMUS uses
Life to generate groups of notes while using Demon Cyclic Space to generate the timbre ( or texture ) of the individual notes .
Music Sketcher
Music Sketcher is an IBM alphaWorks project ( see Related topics ) .
Unlike Monk and CAMUS , Music Sketcher takes a top - down approach in that it lets the user arrange phrases or riffs into larger musical structures .
The especially interesting thing about Music Sketcher is that it lets you create chord progressions for pieces while the program does the transformations necessary to ensure that the building blocks conform to the specified chord progression .
( In this way , it 's sort of a precursor to Apple 's new GarageBand application . )
It 's a fun program , and I encourage you to try it out .
Conclusion
Many interesting approaches to algorithmic music composition using CA remain to be explored .
The examples I 've provided use only one simple starting state .
What types of music can be found by " seeding " the CA with more complex starting states ?
Also , most Western pieces of music have chord progressions to which the melody conforms .
It would be interesting to devise mapping techniques that cause CAs to generate melodies that conform to user - specified chord changes ( a CA Charlie Parker , in other words ) , although that might limit CAs by making them conform to musical prejudices .
A limitation of the current version of Monk is that it only uses conventional Western pitches , the 128 MIDI tones .
When you interpret a CA row as a binary number mod 128 , you 're effectively only looking at 7 digits or cells of the row .
Seven cells is an awfully thin vertical strip of the complete CA ; a lot of information is lost .
We could preserve this information by using microtones , rather than only the semitones used in Western music .
Would this lead to richer - sounding music or to mere discord ?
I plan to expand Monk to try some of these ideas .
Automatous Monk and jMusic are both freely available on SourceForge.net , and I encourage you to try your own experiments .
You might also want to take a look at Wolfram 's " Open Problems & Projects " paper for ideas .
Approaches to the science of cellular automata can come from many angles and involve varying degrees of technical sophistication , from high school level to graduate level .
In the words of Rudy Rucker , " Seek ye the Gnarl ! "
Downloadable resources
Related topics
We 've seen instances of in - house LED lighting and decorative blocks before , but Glide Inc. is melding both worlds into a single glowing building block project with its Twist - Together devices .
The blocks are LED - based to keep energy costs at a minimum , but the real fun begins when adults realize that they 're really buying a set of useful LEGOs on steroids .
Glide insinuates that these fixtures can be arranged in just about any combination that your brain can fathom , and can even be used as props in furniture if your mischievous kids have taken a toll on bar stool legs and bookshelf dividers .
The modular lighting solution was showcased this past weekend at BKLYN Designs ' annual show in New York , and while we 're not sure how much these things will end up running you when they hit niche shops in the future , returning to a state of childhood innocence is simply priceless .
Dangerous
The men who dedicate their lives to it are wanderers , itinerant labourers in search of fame , or the sons of boxers - born into the ring .
" Dembe " , as it is called in Hausa , is exceedingly dangerous .
Serious injury , and even death , are a real risk .
Hi , I ’m Mark Nottingham .
I currently co-chair the IETF HTTP and QUIC Working Groups , and am a member of the Internet Architecture Board .
I usually write here about the Web , protocol design , HTTP , and caching .
Find out more .
The Pitfalls of Debugging HTTP
Some folks at work were having problems debugging HTTP with LWP ’s command - line GET utility ; it turned out that it was inserting Link headers — HTTP headers , mind you — for each HTML < link > element present .
Blurgh .
This brought to mind some other peculiarities that can make debugging HTTP more complex and REALLY ANNOYING …
Curl automagically adds a Pragma : no -cache to requests , so that you do n’t have to worry about scaling the Web or getting decent performance .
LiveHTTPHeaders shows you headers , but through the lens of Mozilla ’s header parsing and processing , not what ’s on the wire .
Even Wireshark can’t be completely trusted ; it will remove the \r
from the Content - Length header ( because it ’s parsing the message for its own purposes ) , making you think that the sender has header delimitation bugs .
Anybody have another ?
All of this is why I tend to use telnet when debugging HTTP .
Sometimes tcpflow helps too .
A couple of days ago a commenter asked me why we could n't just cut a deal with the teachers unions : higher pay in exchange for surrendering control over work rules .
As it happens , I think that would be a very good deal ; I do n't see how we can get top notch teachers by turning them into underpaid civil servants .
I also do n't think we can cut that deal .
The problem is , the union sits in the middle of that transaction .
And for the union , this is an unambiguously bad deal .
They do n't get a commission on the higher salary they win for their members .
And dismantling all the dispute - resolution and work rule apparatus would substantially slash their power .
Problems like this are the reason that the West Coast ports could n't cut a deal with the longshoremen to pension off the current workers at full pay in exchange for the elimination of their jobs , even though my understanding is that this is one of the options they explored .
Full pay for no work would have been a great deal for the membership , but a death blow for the union .
That 's what 's at the core of the recently uncovered secret agreements SEIU seems to have made with employers :
Two of the nation 's largest labor unions have struck confidential agreements with large employers that give the companies the right to designate which of their locations , and how many workers , the unions can seek to organize .
The agreements are raising questions about union transparency and workers ' rights .
A summary document put together by the unions says it is critical to the success of the partnership " that we honor the confidentiality and not publicly disclose the existence of these agreements . "
That includes not disclosing them to union members .
The agreements involve workers who provide food , laundry and housekeeping services on an outsourced basis .
The employers are Sodexho Inc. and the Compass Group USA unit of London - based Compass Group PLC .
The unions are the 1.7 million - member Service Employees International Union , or SEIU , and Unite Here .
The unions say they negotiated a similar agreement with Aramark Corp .
but that Aramark broke the deal last year , and they 're trying to reach a new one .
An Aramark spokesman declined to comment on that .
The unions defend the agreements and their secrecy , saying they 've helped workers join unions in growing industries at a time of declining union membership in many sectors .
Last year , 7.5 % of private - sector workers belonged to unions , compared with 17 % 25 years ago .
The agreements have " resulted in tens of thousands of workers getting unions " and been a major advance for the labor movement , said the president of Unite Here , Bruce Raynor .
This undoubtedly helped SEIU , but the benefit for the workers is more ambiguous .
Like a corporation or any other organization , SEIU wants to do good things for its membership -- but its first priority is the health of the SEIU .
That 's why charities find new missions when the old one disappears , rather than dissolve themselves and give the money to an existing group .
SEIU is undoubtedly the most successful union out there right now , in terms of growing its organization .
But it seems to be doing this in part by compromising the purpose of the union .
News in Science › Environment and Nature
Southern Ocean rise due to warming , not ice
Rises in the sea level around Antarctica in the past decade are almost entirely due to a warming ocean , not ice melting , says an Australian scientist leading a major international research program .
The finding comes after a US scientist warns that climate change could make Antarctica 's ocean temperatures warm enough for sharks , which would threaten the region 's unique marine life .
The 15 - year study of temperature and salinity changes in the Southern Ocean found average temperatures warmed by about 0.3°C .
Satellites also measured a rise of about 2 centimetres in seas in the southern polar region over an area half the size of Australia , says Dr Steve Rintoul , leader of an Australian - French - US scientific program .
" The biggest contribution so far has been from warming of the oceans through expansion , " says Rintoul , from CSIRO Marine and Atmospheric Research .
Melting sea ice or Antarctic ice shelves jutting into the ocean do not directly add to sea level rises .
Leaving Australia
Rintoul was speaking as French ship L'Astrolabe prepared to depart from Hobart , on Australia 's southern island of Tasmania , for its fifth voyage of the current summer season for the Surveillance of the Ocean Astral ( Survostral ) program .
The research program has been taking temperature and salinity readings for 15 years to a depth of 700 metres along the 2700 kilometre , six - day route between Hobart and the Antarctic .
This has produced the longest continuous record of temperature and salinity changes in the Southern Ocean for scientists studying how the ocean contributes to global climate .
" Survostral has given us a foundation for much of what is known about the way the ocean in this inhospitable and difficult - to - access region controls the global climate , " Rintoul says .
The project leader says sea level rise is not uniform in the Southern Ocean and that rises are not guaranteed to continue at the same rate in the future .
Seasonal changes
The study also shows that the Southern Ocean 's uptake of carbon dioxide changes with the seasons .
In summer , an increase in phytoplankton brought about by the greater light causes the Southern Ocean to absorb more carbon dioxide from the atmosphere than in colder months , he says .
The study shows that as waters warm , some species of phytoplankton are extending further south , although more research is needed to determine the importance of this finding .
" What 's significant is that we 've detected changes in the physical environment and now we 're also detecting changes in the biology in response to those physical changes .
" The next challenge is to figure out what these biological changes mean for carbon uptake and for higher levels of the food chain , " he says .
Warming luring sharks
In related news , a US biologist warns that global warming could bring sharks to Antarctic waters , threatening a unique marine life shielded from predators by frigid conditions for millions of years .
Biologists gathered for the annual conference of the American Association for the Advancement of Science warn that the return of predators to Antarctica could prove devastating to its underwater ecosystem .
Antarctica 's surrounding waters remain too cold for sharks and other fish capable of crushing shellfish similar to the molluscs living in the vast continent 's seas , says University of Rhode Island biology professor Cheryl Wilga .
" As a result , the Antarctic sea floor has been dominated by relatively soft - bodied , slow - moving invertebrates , just as in ancient oceans prior to the evolution of shell - crushing predators , " she says .
But global warming has already pushed temperatures up by one to two degrees in the past 50 years , and the waters could become hospitable to sharks within the next 100 years , she says .
How to Start a Recession - Proof Online Business
Recession is here … and it could be with us for some time .
In this article I will explain how you can plan and create an online business about any subject .
The target income I look at is $ 60,000 a year , but you can decide and plan your site for whatever income you need to meet your lifestyle .
Building an online business is available to everyone .
Over the last 12 months I have been involved in launching over 140 sites for a wide range of clients , so I know anyone can do it .
All you need is an internet connected PC , some knowledge and a willingness to work hard to get it established .
The Silver Lining in a Very Dark Cloud
The headlines about the economic outlook for the western world could not be more gloomy .
But this contrasts dramatically with the positive and upbeat headlines coming from researchers , analysts and companies in the internet sector .
These headlines are supported by very upbeat forecasts about revenue growth across all areas of online business …
… advertising …
… ecommerce …
… and paid content .
Therefore , it follows , that if you want to start a successful business during this coming recession you need to follow the money .
In the last recession at the end of the ‘ 80 ’s the internet was not available to entrepreneurs .
In this recession it is accessible to everyone .
One word of caution .
Because the internet will prosper , as other sectors struggle , it will attract a lot of opportunity seekers .
To succeed , you must be totally committed to creating a website and business that is a leader in its sector and stands out from the crowd .
The Perfect Online Business
There is no such thing as a perfect business , but there are some characteristics of an online business that reduce costs and improve its chances of success .
These characteristics include :
Niche subject with unique content – Specialist websites with unique content can become leaders in their field .
Websites that lead a niche always make more money than me - too websites .
Choose a niche in which you can become a leader
Provide digital products or services –
If you can create and generate revenue from products and services that are delivered over the internet , you can minimise costs and maximise your profit margins
Global potential audience –
One of the greatest advantages of the internet is you can reach a global audience for the same cost as reaching your neighbour
Multiple revenue streams – the most profitable websites have multiple revenue streams including advertising , ecommerce and subscription
Planning a Recession - Proof Online Business
To illustrate how you can plan an online business , I will take you through the process of what you need to do .
Choose the site ’s subject
Decide on your target income
Define how you will make money from the website
Create a plan that shows how your site needs to perform to hit your target income
Funnel of Trust Methodology
The Funnel of Trust is a framework for building an online business which has been developed after observing hundreds of successful ( and not so successful ! ) commercial websites .
It is simple to understand yet extremely powerful in what it can deliver .
Successful websites focus on attracting relevant traffic , building a relationship with visitors and then … and only then … making money from them .
Freemium Content – “ A website without visitors is like a car with gas ” .
As an online entrepreneur , your overriding focus must be attracting people to your website .
The best way to do this , without having to pay for traffic , is to provide free premium ( or “ Freemium ” ) content .
This content will get found and indexed by the search engines , which in turn will drive free traffic to your site .
The freemium content should be written based on the guidelines of the HEART rule … it should be Honest , Exclusive , Accurate , Relevant and Timely .
It must engage and excite your audience and make them want to stay on your website .
Eyeballs –
Once a visitor arrives , they should be tempted and encouraged to look around the website .
The more time they spend with your content , the greater chance you will have of convincing them of your expertise and authority .
If they value what they see , you will have a chance of developing a relationship with them .
Relationship – Your single most important goal once you have someone on your site is to get their email address .
When you have this vital bit of information , you can start to proactively build a relationship with them .
As the relationship develops , so will the trust
Commercialise – Only once you have developed a relationship with your audience and they trust you , can you start to make money from them .
The most successful and profitable websites have multiple revenue streams which follow a similar sequence of building trust over a period time .
The greater the trust the more money you can potentially make from each visitor , prospect or client .
Advertising – Displaying ads requires the least amount of trust .
Visitors can choose to view and click them , or ignore them .
This is the easiest and quickest way to make money from your Freemium content , but the value of revenue per visitor is very low
Affiliate Marketing – Affiliate marketing is where you recommend a product or service via your website in exchange for a commission on sales .
This requires more trust than advertising because to influence your visitors to follow an affiliate link , you need to review and recommend the products or services .
If you lie or mislead with your recommendations , the trust will be wiped out
Ecommerce – Selling products , such as ebooks , reports , software and branded merchandise , requires your visitor to enter their details and credit card information into your website .
Your customer must trust you enough to provide their personal data and believe that you will deliver what you have promised in a timely way .
Subscription – Selling subscriptions to premium content or for use of a web - based service is one of the best income streams you can make from an online business .
Recurring subscriptions can provide you with a long - term , sustainable revenue stream , which is what ever business owner is looking for .
However to persuade your customers to part with their money for content you are promising to deliver in the future requires a further and significant level of trust
Participation – Finally we have ‘ participation ’ which is any activity that involves your visitors investing time , money and effort to participate in an event , such as a seminar , workshop , mentoring program , course or re-selling your services .
Your customers must love what you do so much that they want to get personally involved with your activities and business .
As you move your visitors down the Funnel of Trust you should make more money from each transaction .
The income generated from advertising per visitor is very small ; it increases slightly with affiliate marketing ; ecommerce can be a significant step - up ; subscription can lead to a long - term income from each member which can be hundreds or thousands of dollars ; and participation activities can make you thousands of dollars per event .
Choose a Subject for Your Website
You MUST choose a subject for your business that you are passionate about .
On the internet just about any niche , however specialised , can become a successful business if driven by passion .
For this article I ’m going to imagine creating a website about Pond Building .
“ Why pond building ? ” I hear you exclaim !
Because I want to pick an obscure , niche subject to demonstrate how any topic can become a successful online business .
This is the scenario :
I ’m a passionate gardener with a particular interest in building ponds .
I ’ve been building ponds for years for friends and family and now want to turn my knowledge and expertise into an internet business .
I have worked out a revolutionary way to streamline the pond building process so instead of taking over a week to build a reasonable sized pond , my process enables you to build it in just two days .
I do n’t have any products myself ; I just recommend combinations of standard products which can be combined to achieve the desired results .
I believe that my process can revolutionise the pond building business .
It means that pond building companies and gardeners can double the number of ponds they can build with the same effort and number of people .
To share this information with my target audience , I plan on building a website .
My plans for the website are :
I will create free articles , images and videos to drive traffic from the search engines .
This content will demonstrate my knowledge and expertise as a pond builder so that I ’m viewed as an authority on the subject .
The information will be targeted at hobbyists and professionals alike
I will ensure that I create links between content so that visitors are encouraged to spend time reading and viewing multiple pages each time they visit .
I hope that this will make people see my site as a valuable resource which they want to return to regularly
On every page I will encourage visitors to sign - up to a bi-weekly email newsletter which will be a summary of the articles I ’ve added to the site .
This will enable me to build a relationship and start promoting membership and paid events to my loyalist followers
The website will have a membership area targeted at professional pond builders or people thinking of setting up a pond building business .
In this area there will be detailed pond designs with build instructions based on my speed construction process , video guides , business marketing material , etc .
It will also have a forum where members can meet and exchange expertise .
It will be the most comprehensive and valuable online resource for pond builders on the internet .
As membership numbers grow I would negotiate products discounts with manufacturers and retailers
So how will I make money :
Advertising will be served on all free content pages .
This will be a combination of Google Adsense ( www.google.com/adsense) and an ad network .
By using these services , I can put them on the site and forget about them ; just log into my account at the end of each week to see how much money I ’ve made .
I do n’t have to worry about selling ad space or managing the relationship with advertisers .
As the site becomes more popular , I may decide to sell direct to advertisers , but at launch its not worth the time and effort
I do n’t want to hold any stock of physical products so I will promote the stock from other companies in exchange for an affiliate commission .
This will include books from Amazon and pond equipment from a major online pond retailer , such as Aquascape ( www.aquascapeinc.com)
Over the years I have created a book of pond designs and techniques for building and maintaining water features .
I plan on putting this information together in a downloadable ebook .
It is unique and valuable information not available anywhere else in the world
A very important part of the websites revenues will be selling membership for access to the premium content .
This will be unique and exclusive information aimed at individuals and companies who want to increase their profits from their pond building activities
Finally I plan on running four courses each year which will take the participants through the whole process of designing , building and maintaining a pond .
It will be targeted at enthusiasts and professional gardeners
Set a Target Income
For this case study I ’m going to set my target income at $ 60,000 a year , or $ 5,000 a month .
I will assume that the costs of running the website , marketing and some additional writing support are $ 24,000 / year .
Therefore I need the site to make $ 84,000 a year , or $ 7,000 a month , to give me my target income and lifestyle .
Target income from each Money Making Activity
There is a simple formula that you can use to forecast your revenues :
The number of unique visitors coming to your website , multiplied by
The percentage of these people who buy your product or service ( The Conversion Rate ) , equals
The number of sales .
Multiply the number of sales with
The average sales value , and you have
The revenue you will generate from your site
Based on this formula I will estimate the target revenue from each of my money making activities ( except advertising which is calculated in a different way ) :
Advertising
On the internet , advertising tends to be measured in terms of the amount of money made per 1,000 pageviews .
A pageview is counted every time one of your visitors looks at a page on your site .
The industry jargon for this is dollars per CPM , where CPM stands for Clicks Per Mille ( Mille is French for 1,000 ) e.g. if you were receiving $ 10 CPM it means you would receive $ 10 every thousand times you displayed an ad on your website .
It is worth noting that if you display two ads on each page that you are charging the advertiser $ 10 CPM for , your web page is earning 2 x $ 10 per CPM .
A top content site with well targeted audience can earn up to $ 50 per 1,000 pageviews ( $ 50 CPM ) from each advert .
Smaller sites with small audiences will earn between $ 3 - $ 8 CPM .
For our pond building website , I ’m estimating I will earn $ 5 CPM
Affiliate Marketing
Affiliate marketing is where you promote another company ’s products or services .
If one of your website visitors clicks on a link that takes them to the merchant ’s website , where they make a purchase , you earn a commission from the sale .
There are affiliate programs for most products and services .
The commission rates vary hugely .
For example , the commission for promoting and selling a holiday could be 0.5 % of the value , whereas the commission for selling an eBook could be 50 % of the sale price .
The best way to get started as an affiliate marketer is to visit one of the big affiliate networks .
These companies aggregate hundreds or thousands of merchants .
They manage the whole affiliate process , monitoring links and facilitating commission payments .
Networks include :
Commission Junction ( www.cj.com)
Trade Doubler ( www.tradedoubler.com)
Affiliate Window ( www.affiliatewindow.com)
But.at ( www.buy.at)
My pond building site will have links to several affiliate marketing programs promoting :
Books ( Amazon partner program )
Pond products
Aquatic plants
For the purpose of this example I will assume that the conversion rate of visitors who click on an affiliate link on my site and then makes a purchase is 0.5 % .
I will assume that I will make an average commission of $ 10 per transaction .
Ecommerce
I will have a simple shop integrated into the website through which I will sell my ebook of plans and guides for rapidly building ponds .
I estimate that I will sell the ebook to 0.5 % of the visitors who come to my site ( i.e. the conversion rate = 0.5 % ) .
The average sales value of each ebook is $ 14.97 .
The conversion rate on a good ecommerce site is between 1 % and 10 % , so 0.5 % should be conservative .
Subscriptions
Selling subscriptions for access to the premium content on the site will be the most important revenue stream and will enable me to build a sustainable business .
I plan on making my website the world ’s number one community for professional pond builders .
The member area will be a combination of me providing information to members , and the members helping each other through the forums .
I estimate that I will convert 0.25 % of my website visitors to paying membership .
That is one out of every 400 people .
The average subscription fee will be $ 14.97 a month or $ 97 a year .
To simplify my forecasting I will assume everyone pays annually .
The conversion rate on a good membership website is between 1 % and 5 % , so again 0.25 % should be realistic .
Events
Finally I plan on hosting four events a year which will take attendees through the whole process of planning and installing a pond .
I ’m aiming to get 25 people attending each course , which means on average I will need to sign - up 8 people a month at a price of $ 149 for the day .
I will also promote the event locally through garden centres , nurseries and aquatic centres where I ’m well known to the owners .
So in summary , this is what my monthly financial spreadsheet looks like :
Now all I have to do is to test different visitor levels to see how much targeted traffic I need to hit my monthly target income of $ 7,000 .
With a little bit of experimentation , I find my target traffic number is 15,500 visitors which will make me $ 7,086 .
This means I need to get just over 500 people a day to my site who are interested in ponds .
Is this realistic ?
It seems very achievable particularly as I ’m targeting a global audience of enthusiast and professionals .
However you should do some research into your sector to help you judge whether your forecasts are achievable .
The other important thing to note is the importance of having multiple revenue streams .
Most people start an online business with just a single revenue stream .
You can see from this case study that it would be extremely difficult to hit your target income levels with just one source of income , particularly , if like most blogs , it is advertising .
Next Steps
The next step in this planning process is to put together a business plan for the first twelve months .
Do n’t worry this is a very straight forward thing to do .
Here is an example for the pond building site
You will not be able to instantly attract an audience of 15,000 visitors so you need to estimate how long this will take and understand the cost implications of building the business .
Your biggest start - up cost will be building your website .
It is worth investing some money at the outset to build a website that is easy to manage and is ready to generate multiple revenue streams .
If you compromise at the start it will cost you a lot of time and money later to put it right .
There are services available that can provide everything you need at a reasonable cost such as SubHub ( www.subhub.com).
Your biggest ongoing cost will probably be marketing .
There are lots of ways to get free traffic , but to accelerate your growth you will need to invest some money in marketing .
Once you have built a business plan you are happy with .
You are ready to build and launch your website .
To watch a free ten part video series on how to do this , take a look at this video course .
Conclusion
As the western economies plunge into recession , the internet sector appears to be bucking the trend .
Revenues from advertising , ecommerce and paid content are all predicted to grow .
Entrepreneurs have an opportunity to follow the money and setup an internet business .
The most successful internet businesses focus on a niche subject and are dedicated to becoming recognised as world leaders in what they do .
They follow the Funnel of Trust methodology ( even if they do n’t realise they are doing it ! ) which emphasises the importance of driving traffic , building relationships and then generating multiple revenue streams .
I hope this article has inspired you to look into starting your own online enterprise .
There has never been a better or more exciting time to join the thousands of entrepreneurs who are making their living on the internet .
Good luck !
Have
You watched the Accompanying Video ?
A 25 minute video , to accompany this article , is now available :
http://www.subhub.com/articles/how-to-start-a-recession-proof-online-business-video
The concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has reached a record high , according to the latest figures , renewing fears that climate change could begin to slide out of control .
Scientists at the Mauna Loa observatory in Hawaii say that CO2 levels in the atmosphere now stand at 387 parts per million ( ppm ) , up almost 40 % since the industrial revolution and the highest for at least the last 650,000 years .
The figures , published by the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration on its website , also confirm that carbon dioxide , the chief greenhouse gas , is accumulating in the atmosphere faster than expected .
The annual mean growth rate for 2007 was 2.14 ppm - the fourth year in the last six to see an annual rise greater than 2 p pm .
From 1970 to 2000 , the concentration rose by about 1.5 ppm each year , but since 2000 the annual rise has leapt to an average 2.1 ppm .
Scientists say the shift could indicate that the Earth is losing its natural ability to soak up billions of tonnes of CO2 each year .
Climate models assume that about half our future emissions will be reabsorbed by forests and oceans , but the new figures confirm this may be too optimistic .
If more of our carbon pollution stays in the atmosphere , it means emissions will have to be cut by more than is currently projected to prevent dangerous levels of global warming .
Martin Parry , co-chair of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's working group on impacts , said : " Despite all the talk , the situation is getting worse .
Levels of greenhouse gases continue to rise in the atmosphere and the rate of that rise is accelerating .
We are already seeing the impacts of climate change and the scale of those impacts will also accelerate , until we decide to do something about it . "
Perched some 11,000ft up a volcano , the Mauna Loa observatory has been measuring carbon dioxide in the atmosphere since 1958 .
It is regarded as producing among the most reliable data sets because of its remote location , far from any possible source of the gas that could confuse the sensors .
Over the decades , the Mauna Loa readings , made famous in Al Gore 's documentary An Inconvenient Truth , show the CO2 level rising and falling each year as foliage across the northern hemisphere blooms in spring and recedes in autumn .
But they also show an upward trend as human emissions pour into the atmosphere , and each spring , the total CO2 level creeps above the previous year 's high to set a new record .
Robin Oakley , head of Greenpeace 's climate change campaign , said : " We 're now witnessing a key moment in the climate change story , and it 's not good news .
The last time the atmosphere was this choked with CO2 humans were yet to evolve as a species .
To even consider building new runways and coal - fired power stations at this juncture in history is an unpardonable folly , but Gordon Brown seems determined to stumble forward regardless with his ill - conceived plans in the face of the science and widespread public opposition . "
A study last year suggested that the recent surge in atmospheric CO2 levels was down to three processes : growth in the world economy , heavy use of coal in China , and a weakening of natural " sinks " , forests , seas and soils that absorb carbon .
The scientists said the increase was 35 % larger than they expected .
They said about half of the carbon surge was down to the Chinese reliance on coal , which has forced up the carbon intensity of the overall world economy since 2000 , reversing a trend of increasing energy efficiency since the 1970s .
· Martin Parry will be speaking at the Guardian Planning for Climate Adaptation conference on May 19
The Top - Secret Warplanes of Area 51
Stealth jets ?
Hypersonic bombers ?
What 's really being developed at the military 's most famous classified base ?
The latest in the RIAA search for money , we have Warner v. Berry .
Berry is a homeless man living in a shelter in Manhattan .
The RIAA sent the summons to an apartment where the man once lived before moving onto the streets .
I do n't even know how a man being so poor could possibly share music on the Internet when he clearly can't even afford a place to live let along Internet access .
If this guy went to jail , it'd be a huge step up for him .
He 'd get meals , a place to sleep , government assistance to get back on his feet .
I think this is an outrage .
The RIAA 's " fear tactics " , as they say " you could be the next one " , have turned to nothing less than a rabid dog biting any creature that moves and without discretion .
It they 're so inclined to secure money lost by attacking homeless people , stroke victims fetus ' ( j/k ) , computer - less people and other cases frowned upon by decent society , maybe they should stop digging a money pit and spend some on better analysis of their supposed victims .
If things continue this way , the RIAA should just be shot like the danger to society that it has become .
More harm is caused by their madness than by any current and former illegal sharing network .
Every time I hear one of these cases , I 'm inclined to stop or postpone purchase of movies and music that I would have otherwise liked to own .
The free indie and fair - use markets have grown so much in the last 5 years that I 'm inclined to donate my money to the betterment of the little people and the collapse of capitalist power .
Mainstream music has slowly started to show its true colors , and they are ugly colors at that .
The RIAA has turned rabid , and its death comes like the survival of the fittest .
Matthew , and another chimp at the sanctuary , cost about £ 4,000 a month to keep and while a donor has offered to pay for the upkeep , under Austrian law , only a person can receive gifts .
Matthew is expected to live until he is 60 and activists say only a " declaration of personhood " would ensure he was not sold for profit .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
With $ 120 oil not seeming to follow the fundamental law of supply and demand many are wondering if the market is broken .
The Federal Reserve has been cutting interest rates , saving Wall Street but sinking the dollar and driving up food and fuel prices .
Investors , also called " speculators " by some , have been pouring money into commodities of all sorts , artificially driving prices higher in an attempt to squeak out healthy profits in the face of falling stock values .
But to many , all the financial voodoo is merely a distraction .
The fundamental reality of oil - and the thing that makes it so attractive to investors in the first place - is that we are using ever more and finding ever less .
High prices are necessary if we are to reduce demand , find new oil , and develop alternative technologies .
" The market is starting to send a signal : You got to get your alternative in line , " said Robert Kaufmann , director of Boston University 's Center for Energy and Environmental Studies .
" Societies that ignore this kind of signal do so at their own peril . "
Kaufmann is n't promoting the so - called " peak oil " theory - he does n't think the world is quickly running out of oil .
The problem , he says , is new discoveries of crude in non-OPEC areas like the United States , the North Sea , and Russia have not kept pace with the oil being removed from those places .
OPEC , which holds two thirds of the world 's crude oil reserves , has seen no drop in global demand despite $ 120 oil and has little incentive to increase output .
It 's this supply problem that prompted analysts at Goldman Sachs to reaffirm their prediction of a so - called " super spike " in oil prices - which could usher in $ 200 - a - barrel crude in the next 6 to 24 months .
" We believe the current energy crisis may be coming to a head , as a lack of adequate supply growth is becoming apparent , " Goldman analysts wrote in a research note Tuesday .
That 's the supply side of the equation .
The demand side is a familiar story - developing regions like China , India and the Middle East are using more and more oil .
It 's not that this was n't known last year - when oil was half as expensive as it is now - it 's just that the world is moving closer to that tipping point where demand will exceed supply .
' It 's a finite resource , " said Brian Hicks , co-manager of the Global Resources Fund at U.S. Global Investors , a San Antonio - based mutual fund .
" The rest of the world wants to live like we do , and there are n't enough resources to keep everyone happy . "
It 's become popular to blame speculators - which would include mutual funds , pension funds , some banks , and anyone else who does n't ultimately take delivery of a barrel of oil - for the run up in price .
Congressman have recently spoken of an " orgy of speculation " in the commodities markets , and have held hearings into the matter .
But most analysts say investors are simply looking at these underlying supply and demand trends and buying oil because they see it going up on its own accord .
After all , they can't really be influencing the price of crude , the argument goes , as they generally do n't take delivery of the oil and must sell whatever contracts they have at the end of each month .
Ultimately , they do n't take any oil off the market .
" Nobody at Goldman Sachs wants to see a fuel truck pull up and say " Ok , here 's your 60,000 gallons of gasoline , ' " said Michael Cosgrove , president of the commodities brokerage Amerex Brokers , which handles transactions for both banks and end users of oil like refineries .
" Ultimately , it 's the consumer . "
Which is one reason why $ 120 oil is necessary - to limit demand in a supply - constrained world .
" I think the market is working , " said Joseph Stanislaw , an independent energy adviser at the consulting firm Deloitte & Touche .
" It forces us to make decisions as individual consumers that will change our behavior .
It needs to be done . "
Government regulators at the Commodity Futures Trading Commission have also said their studies have produced no evidence that oil speculators are significantly driving up the price of crude .
The argument that speculators are n't unduly influencing oil prices is by no means universally accepted .
" I think the market is totally insane , " said Fadel Gheit , a senior energy analyst at the investment firm Oppenheimer .
" Somebody is playing a game , and we 're all paying for it . "
Gheit said demand has fallen in developed countries , and there is plenty of energy supply - mostly in the form of natural gas - available right here in the United States , if only the oil companies had access to it .
Some analysts and politicians have called for increasing the nations oil production by drilling in areas that are currently off limits - like the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , sections of the Rocky Mountains and off the east and west coasts .
" If we opened access to gas in this country , we would n't need oil in five years , " he said .
Both sides in this debate make concessions .
The " market - is - working " types agree that the discovery of oil as an investment class is probably driving up prices somewhat - perhaps by as much as $ 30 a barrel - although they maintain the long - term price trend would be little changed absent these speculators .
And Gheit agrees that higher prices do provide much - needed incentive to limit demand .
" I 've long said maybe the best thing that could happen to this country is to have $ 6 gasoline , " he said .
Well , we just went from the worst debate ever to , I think , a full - fledged PR disaster for ABC generally , and for Stephanopoulos personally .
I mean , conspiring with Sean Hannity on the best way to do an “ I gotcha ” on Obama , and then doing exactly what he told you to do ?
From ThinkProgress ( they have the audio too ) :
HANNITY : There are two questions that I do n’t think anybody has asked Barack Obama , and I do n’t know if this is going to be on your list tomorrow .
One is – the only time he ’s ever been asked about his association with Bill Ayers , the unrepentant terrorist from the Weather Underground who on 9/11 of all days in the New York Times was saying “ I do n’t regret setting bombs .
I do n’t think we did enough . ”
When asked about it by the Politico , David Axelrod said that they have a friendly relationship , and that they had done a number of speeches together and that they sat on a board together .
Is that a question you might ask ?
STEPHANOPOULOS :
Well , I ’m taking notes right now .
" How smart is the crocodile ?
It if was you or me it would be dragging you in to drown you , but it takes the shark up on dry land , " said Mr van Bruggen .
The cost of food : Facts and figures
Explore the facts and figures behind the fluctuating price of food across the globe .
Rising prices will improve the trade balance of major food exporters , but major importers stand to see a greater deficit
Figures from the Commodity Research Bureau and the FAO show a take off in energy prices , before food prices start to rise
There will be billions more mouths to feed by 2050 , making an increased demand for food a long - term trend
Rising prices will improve the trade balance of major food exporters , but major importers stand to see a greater deficit
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The other day Erick Schonfeld wrote a post about how he ’s feeling even more overwhelmed by new web content steams like Twitter and FriendFeed , and how he ’s desperately in need of a better filter .
I certainly agree with Erick ’s clarion call for a better filter — that ’s why I ’m devoting all my time to empowering mainstream journalists to filter the web through link journalism ( so many of the people who are great information filters are n’t doing so on the web ) .
But it struck me when I was looking at Erick ’s screen capture of a seemingly endless series of Twitter and FriendFeed items in Twhirl that we should n’t just be working on the OUTPUT problem by building better filters .
We should also be working on the INPUT problem .
How do you reduce noise on the web ?
Simple .
Produce less content .
If you look at human history in the industrial age , new technologies have inevitably lead to new forms of pollution .
Everyone can have electricity — which means we need lots of fossil fueled power plants .
Everyone can have a car — which means that we have more car exhaust in the atmosphere .
Everyone can choose from a large variety of packaged goods in the supermarket , produced in factories and distributed by trains and trucks — which means we produce more trash .
Everyone can have a cell phone — which means we have to listen to everyone talking on a cell phone .
On the web , everyone can publish — which means we have more content than all the people consuming content on the web can possibly consume .
How did we deal with excesses from technology that damaged the environment ?
By starting a conservation movement .
Remember those stickers encouraging you to turn out the lights ?
So why not start a conservation movement on the web ?
Next time you ’re about to post something to your blog , or Twitter , or Flickr , or YouTube , or any of the 1,000 other publishing platforms , ask yourself this — does this really add value to the web ?
Or am I publishing just because I can ?
Twitter , for example , has added tremendously to the noise on the web by removing what little friction there was in content creation .
Random thought popped into your head ?
Twitter it !
Twitter has also lead to some great content being published to the web that never would have found it ’s way into a blog post .
But it brought with it all of the excess of more useless content .
Another form of content pollution on the web is duplicate content — you can see this every day in the world of tech journalism , where every tech blog and traditional news brand covering tech all write about the same news event .
In a typical Techmeme news cluster , you do find some good insight and analysis , but you also have a lot of people repeating the same information over and over again .
Of course all of these tech blogs feel an obligation to write every major news story because they have to keep their page views up .
But is shoveling as much content as possible onto the web really the best way to create enduring value ?
I come back , as always , to Google , the most valuable media company on the web .
Google does n’t create any new content — it just cleans up our mess , like a giant recycling plant .
Google cleans up content pollution by linking to the most relevant content , determined by counting all of the links on the web .
A link is a form recycling because it references a valuable piece of existing content rather than creating more content .
A link reduces pollution just like recycling plastic does .
Digg is very web content “ green ” —
Digg users might all be posting items on their blogs , in disconnected fashion , adding to the noise .
Instead , they pool all of their links on a single Digg item , which reduce noise by prioritizing content that already exists .
The highest value Tweets I find on Twitter are the ones with links .
Before blogging became a volume game of posting multiple full content items each day , it was about links — linking to interesting things on the web , helping to reduce the noise , not adding to it .
Will you join the Web Content Conservation Movement ?
Make the web a more livable place .
When you leave the room , turn off the light .
Think twice before you post .
Plant a tree .
Link to something .
Why should media companies ( including blog media companies ) help reduce content pollution by creating more links and less content ?
British and Canadian scientists expect to begin trials next month ( May ) to find out whether microbes can unlock the vast amount of energy trapped in the world 's unrecoverable heavy oil deposits .
An estimated six trillion barrels of oil remain underground because the oil has become either solid or too thick to be brought to the surface at economic cost by conventional means .
However , scientists at Newcastle University , England , and the University of Calgary , Canada , have set up a company , Profero Energy Inc , to build on their recent research , which demonstrated how naturally - occurring microbes convert oil to natural gas ( methane ) over tens of millions of years .
The company is preparing to move on - site to begin pumping a special mixture of nutrients , dissolved in water , down an oil well above exhausted oil deposits in western Canada .
If the scientists ' calculations are correct , natural gas should flow back out , as the microbes thrive on the nutrients , multiply , and digest the tar - like oil at a greatly increased rate .
Profero Energy has financial backing from Newcastle - based venture capital company Novotech Investments Ltd and is being watched with great interest by the oil and gas exploration industry .
With the price of natural gas soaring in recent months , companies are becoming increasingly interested in new technologies .
A major advance in the understanding of the way that petrolium is degraded by microbes underground was made by a research team , led by Professor Ian Head and Dr Martin Jones of Newcastle University and Professor Steve Larter , who works at both Newcastle University and the University of Calgary , which published a ground - breaking paper in January this year in the international academic journal , Nature .
The research provided the answers to a long - standing geological puzzle by revealing that two types of microbe found in environments containing crude oil were responsible for converting it into methane .
First , bacteria called Syntrophus digest the oil and produce hydrogen gas and acetic acid ( the pungent ingredient of vinegar ) .
Secondly , methanogens , a type of organism known as archaea , combine the hydrogen with carbon dioxide to produce methane .
The research team also discovered that the geological timescale of this process could be shortened to a few hundred days in the laboratory by feeding the oil - based microbes with special nutrients .
They reasoned that similar results could be obtained in an oilfield in a timescale of a year to tens of years .
Professor Head , an environmental microbiologist in the Institute for Research on Environment and Sustainability at Newcastle University , commented : ' The research we published was important scientifically because it settled an argument that has been running for decades about how oil is degraded in oilfields ; it turns out it is converted to natural gas .
' The discovery of how this process works could have major implications for the oil and gas industry because we think we will be able to extend the 20 - 30 year operating lifespan of a typical oil reservoir .
In North East England , similar processes may occur in abandoned coal mines , opening the door to a possible means for recovery of the region 's extensive abandoned energy resources as clean - burning methane , said Professor Head .
Both Newcastle and Calgary universities have financial stakes in Profero Energy , which is being financed with an initial £ 500,000 , and a further £ 4 million earmarked for the future , by Novotech Investments Ltd , a venture capital company which was established to provide backing for very high value new technologies .
Novotech has also invested in e-Therapeutics plc , which has powerful new drug discovery technology , and OGS Ltd , which is developing post - Google search engine technology , with UK Government help .
Both of these companies are derived from research at Newcastle University .
David Rafter , a Canadian businessman specialising in technology start - ups , has been appointed Chief Executive of Profero Energy .
He has negotiated with an oil company for the use of the worked - out oil well in Canada to conduct the trials .
' In a couple of years time we should know a lot more about how this technology works in practice and what proportion of the oil which is currently unrecoverable could be converted to methane gas , ' he said .
' Even a small fraction could be a very attractive commercial proposition . '
Mindful of environmental considerations , Mr Rafter accepts that burning fossil fuels may contribute to climate change but points out that the world will have to rely on fossil fuels for part of its energy needs for some time to come .
He argues that Profero Energy 's technology is less environmentally damaging than some other technologies which oil companies have attempted to use to extract heavy oil reserves and that burning methane is environmentally preferable to burning oil .
In theory , the technology could also be used to produce hydrogen gas from inaccessible oil reserves , he said .
Although no market yet exists for this clean fuel , one is likely to develop in the greener world of the future .
Profero Energy was established in a remarkably short space of time following consultation between the scientists , the commercial development teams at Newcastle and Calgary universities , and Novotech .
Newcastle University 's Business Development Directorate handled the intellectual property issues and brokered the financing deal with Novotech .
The Directorate worked closely with IGNITE , University Technologies International 's company creation division , where Profero Energy is based .
University Technologies International is the technology transfer , commercialisation and incubation centre at the University of Calgary
Robin Lockwood , Head of Commercial Development at Newcastle University , said : ' This groundbreaking research clearly had commercial potential and we knew that we had to act quickly and decisively to take full advantage .
' The days when universities did the research and left the private sector to develop the commercial potential are long gone .
These days , governments expect universities to play a major role in economic development and that means being much more savvy about commercial opportunity , ' he said .
Source : Newcastle University
Explore further Better bacteria - busting techniques could make oil extraction greener and cheaper
THE traditional face of survivalism is that of a shaggy loner in camouflage , holed up in a cabin in the wilderness and surrounded by cases of canned goods and ammunition .
It is not that of Barton M. Biggs , the former chief global strategist at Morgan Stanley .
Yet in Mr. Biggs ’s new book , “ Wealth , War and Wisdom , ” he says people should “ assume the possibility of a breakdown of the civilized infrastructure . ”
“ Your safe haven must be self - sufficient and capable of growing some kind of food , ” Mr. Biggs writes .
“ It should be well - stocked with seed , fertilizer , canned food , wine , medicine , clothes , etc. Think Swiss Family Robinson .
Even in America and Europe there could be moments of riot and rebellion when law and order temporarily completely breaks down . ”
Survivalism , it seems , is not just for survivalists anymore .
Faced with a confluence of diverse threats  a tanking economy , a housing crisis , looming environmental disasters , and a sharp spike in oil prices  people who do not consider themselves extremists are starting to discuss doomsday measures once associated with the social fringes .
What were we talking about again ?
Oh , that 's right .
Brains .
Wonderful , delicious ... brains .
A new study published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences shows that researchers can track grey matter for the patterns that precede careless errors .
Apparently there 's a detectable activity shift when your brain switches to auto pilot -- which can happen as much as half a minute before you screw up .
The hope behind the research is to be able to track brain activity and alert users who are headed off the tracks .
The technology could reduce work slip - ups , improve driving , or at least help you know when to take a nap or switch activities to keep engaged .
But seriously , what were we just talking about ?
Dale Peck and Tim Kring 's alternate - history novel is just the latest in a long history of mainstream authors lifting ideas from science fiction .
But what sci - fi concepts have been most in vogue with literary publishers — and when did those fads peak ?
We decided to look at the biggest novels by literary authors that involved time travel , alternate history , or post - apocalyptic futures .
And then we threw in larger political , cultural or literary events that could have influenced authors , publishers or readers .
We discovered a shocking connection between real - life wars and the popularity of time - travel stories .
Advertisement
What we found :
As you might imagine , the real surge in literary novels with science fiction themes came in the past five or six years , after literary journal Conjunctions published its " New Wave Fabulist " issue and magical realism was on the wane .
There were literary novels with SF themes , like David Foster Wallace 's Infinite Jest , which did n't really fit into the general subject areas of " alternate history , " " time warp , " or " post-apocalyptic . "
We were most interested in seeing which years featured the most literary novels featuring those themes .
Advertisement
Of those three subcategories , alternate history was the most consistent , with literary authors using it to explore how wars could have gone differently , but also other topics .
Not surprisingly , you saw more alternate history novels at the start of this period , when the U.S. was active in Somalia and still bombing Iraq , and then at the end , when we had invaded Iraq .
Alternate history is traditionally a fairly conservative genre , with authors like Newt Gingrich dabbling in it and exploring how things could have turned out worse if we had n't stiffened our spines .
But a recent spate of alt - history novels is more liberal , exploring a world where the Aztecs never fell ( Atomik Aztex ) and a world where the Jews got a homeland in Alaska and we avoided the Middle East conflict ( Yiddish Policemen 's Union ) .
There was a boomlet in time - travel fiction , and stories about time acting strange , in 2003 - 2004 , with Audrey Niffenegger 's The Time Traveler 's Wife proving a huge mainstream hit .
This was the peak of the Bush - era resurgence in conservativism , with a lot of mainstream nostalgia about World War II and the Greatest Generation .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
And then was a boom in post - apocalyptic fiction in more recent years , with three huge classics of the genre hitting in 2006 .
In particular , Cormac McCarthy 's
The Road has become the poster - child for the literary - authors - going - speculative trend .
These books coincided with the Indian Ocean Tsunami , Hurricane Katrina , and a worsening Iraq conflict .
But there 's been a lull in the post - apocalyptic genre since then as well .
Only a year ago James E. Cayne ’s stake in Bear Stearns was worth more than $ 1 billion .
But on Thursday , Mr. Cayne , the chairman of Bear , disclosed that he had sold all of his shares in the troubled investment bank this week for just $ 61 million .
While the sale leaves Mr. Cayne a wealthy man , it nonetheless underscores the deep losses suffered by Bear ’s shareholders after the company ’s forced sale to JPMorgan Chase two weeks ago .
And for Mr. Cayne , the liquidation evokes a deep sense of loss .
It represents a humiliating capitulation for a brash executive who , with his ever - present cigar , suspender - snapping ways and Friday golf outings in the summer , epitomized the classic , if outdated , picture of the Wall Street chieftain .
To the end , Mr. Cayne heeded the advice he often gave his colleagues at Bear : hold on to your stock .
Whether the stock was flying high , as it was early last year , at $ 171 , or plummeting , as it did in recent months , Mr. Cayne kept the vast bulk of his 5.6 million shares .
Only a month ago , a recession looked inevitable .
Job cuts were picking up speed , and stock prices were falling .
The Federal Reserve was cutting its benchmark interest rate rapidly , in an effort to keep the downturn from snowballing .
But the notion that the economy could avoid a recession altogether seemed fanciful .
It looks less fanciful today .
The economic news has n’t exactly been sunny lately , but there also have n’t been any nasty new surprises .
If anything , the economy seems to have stabilized .
The pace of layoffs has eased a bit , stocks have risen and the Fed has signaled that the rate cuts are over for now .
And now the economy is being flooded with cash , courtesy of the federal government , and that will surely lift consumer spending in the months ahead .
Two weeks ago , the Treasury Department began distributing the tax rebates from the recent $ 168 billion stimulus package .
The effects of the Fed ’s interest rate cuts , meanwhile , are still washing over the economy .
So you can make an argument that the economy has survived its period of maximum danger .
On Intrade , the Web site where contracts tied to real world events are bought and sold , traders now think there is only a 29 percent chance the economy will shrink for two straight quarters this year .
In mid-April , they put the odds at 70 percent .
Edward Lazear , an economic adviser to President Bush , gave an upbeat interview to The Wall Street Journal last week in which he suggested a recession was now unlikely .
Belgian police is protecting a 17th century pulpit in the Flemish town of Dendermonde .
The pulpit in the Catholic church of Our Lady dates from 1685 , two years after the battle of Vienna when the Christian armies of the Polish King John III Sobieski defeated the Turks poised to overrun Europe .
The sculpted wooden pulpit , made by Mattheus van Beveren , depicts a man subdued by angels and represents the triumph of Christianity over Islam .
The man is generally thought to be Mohammed .
He is holding a book which is generally assumed to be the Koran .
Two years ago , on April 16 , 2006 , during the height of the Danish cartoon affair , this website published a photo of the pulpit to show that there is a long tradition of depicting Mohammed in European iconography .
Last Friday the Turkish newspaper Yeniçag reprinted our picture on its front page with the caption “ Stop this hideous insult . ”
Yeniçag demands that Belgium remove the pulpit .
The paper writes that “ We have had the crusades and now they are still trying to humiliate us .
This is as bad as the Danish cartoons and Geert Wilders ’s Fitna movie in the Netherlands .
Even Pope Benedict does nothing to stop these humiliations . ”
Since Friday , we have received threats while the authorities in Belgium , which has a large population of Turkish immigrants , fear that the pulpit and the church may be attacked .
The Belgian press reported today that the police is guarding Dendermonde ’s Our Lady church to prevent vandalism to church and pulpit .
Dendermonde , a town in Flanders , the Dutch - speaking part of Belgium , lies halfway between Brussels and Ghent .
It is the birthplace of the famous American missionary Peter John ( Pieter Jan ) De Smet ( 1801 - 1873 ) , the head of the Jesuit missions among the Indians of the Northwestern USA and a friend of Sitting Bull , Kit Carson and other heroes of the 19th century American West .
On his return trips to his Flemish home town , Father De Smet used to preach from the pulpit which is currently under police protection .
According to the Belgian press the pulpit controversy has been deliberately caused by this website , which is being described as “ pretending to be neo - conservative ” but run by “ neo-fascists . ”
Piet Buyse , the mayor of Dendermonde , told the media that he deplores that the pulpit “ figures on websites which aim to provoke negative reactions from Muslims . ”
The mayor said that the depicted man represents an unbeliever and may also be Luther or Calvin .
Aimé Stroobants , the custodian of Our Lady in Dendermonde , told the newspaper De Standaard that the figure on the pulpit “ cannot possibly be Mohammed ” because “ He is wearing a Persian dress , while we know that the Prophet came from the Arab Peninsula .
For all we know the depicted man might even be a Jew . ”
Meanwhile , radical Muslims in Italy are still demanding the destruction of an early Renaissance fresco in Bologna 's Church of San Petronio , painted by Giovanni da Modena in 1415 .
The fresco depicts Mohammed being tortured in Hell .
There is a dirty little secret in the cable industry .
Its being kept secret not by the cable distributors , but by the big cable networks .
End this practice and the United States goes from being 3rd world by international broadband standards , to top of the charts and exemplary .
Make this change and Net Neutrality becomes a non issue .
There is plenty of bandwidth for everyone .
What is the dirty little secret ?
That your cable company still delivers basic cable networks in analog .
Why is this such an important issue ?
Because each of those cable networks takes up 6 mhz .
That translates into about 38 mbs per second .
Thats 38 mbs PER NETWORK .
USA Network , 38 mbs .
ESPN , 38 mbs .
MTV 38 mbs . VH1 38mbs.etc , etc , etc .
If we want to truly change the course of broadband in this country , the solution is simple .
Just as we had an analog shutdown date for over the air TV signals , we need the same resolution for analog delivered cable networks .
Transition basic cable networks from analog to digital over the next 3 years and all of the sudden there will be hundreds of megabits available on the smallest cable systems and more than a gigabit of bandwidth available on the largest .
Of course the cable networks themselves would fight this .
It could reduce their subscriber counts .
God forbid that USA Network and other basic cable nets do not reach every household that does n’t have a digital set top box .
That is of course far more important than the upside to our entire country that plentiful bandwidth creates .
Right ?
So for all of you netizens out there , drop all the Net Neutrality efforts and focus on pushing analog cable networks to digital and you kill two birds with one stone .
You eliminate any issue of Net Neutrality with bandwidth a plenty , and you immediately make our nation bandwidth competitive with every nation in the world .
In fact , done right , we become the envy of every nation in the world .
All without a single backhoe or blade of grass in a yard harmed .
I might even have to change my stance on internet video reaching broadcast quality !
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama appear on a US wrestling show Agencies
Obama , who has established an almost unassailable lead in the contest , told Pittsburgh radio station KDKA he did not anticipate emerging victorious from Pennsylvania .
But he said : " I 'm predicting it 's going to be close and that we are going to do a lot better than people expect . "
Clinton , after a string of defeats , needs more than just victory to resuscitate her campaign : she must win by 10 percentage points or more to convince the Democratic leadership she should stay in the race .
Both candidates engaged in a frenetic campaigning across the state yesterday before the first primary between them for more than six weeks .
Even if Clinton were to secure the outsize victory she needs in Pennsylvania , figures for funding released yesterday raised questions about her ability to fight on .
Obama raised more than twice as much as Clinton last month , entering April with $ 42 m ( £ 21 m ) in the bank .
Although she raised $ 20 m in March , she is still staggering on with $ 10.3 m of debt .
Obama has been outspending Clinton by two or three to one on TV advertising and mailshots - some of which include DVDs .
In the final hours before today 's primary , his ads have been inescapable on stations in the greater Philadelphia area , home to 40 % of the state 's Democratic voters .
Amid the most acrimonious exchanges and attack ads of the campaign , Obama yesterday accused the Clinton team of the kind of scare tactics and lies that the Republicans had used against the Clintons themselves in the White House .
The latest Clinton attack ad included imagery of Osama bin Laden and hammered home her message that she is better equipped to be commander - in - chief .
" Harry Truman said it best : ' If you ca n't stand the heat , get out of the kitchen . '
Who do you think has what it takes ? "
Last night , the candidates took their verbal jousting to a popular professional wrestling programme , Monday Night Raw .
" This election is starting to feel a lot like ' King of the Ring ' , " Clinton deadpanned in a video released on the internet .
" The only difference ?
The last man standing may just be a woman . "
Obama borrowed the signature line from ex-professional champion Dwayne " The Rock " Johnson , in a warning to the special interests in Washington .
" Do you smell what Barack is cooking ? " he asks with a grin .
An estimated eight million voters are expected to cast ballots today in one of the biggest states in the country .
According to an apparent leak of Clinton 's internal polling to the Drudge Report yesterday , she could win by 10 percentage points or more .
A statewide poll by Quinnipiac University , in Connecticut , put her on 51 % to Obama 's 42 % , while one by Suffolk University , Boston , put Clinton on 52 % to his 42 % .
The Clinton team , if she wins well , will try to persuade the remaining 300 undecided " super delegates " - Congress members and others who vote for the nominee - that she has won seven out of the eight big states , and no Democrat in 40 years has lost Pennsylvania in a primary and gone on to win the presidency .
" If Senator Obama can't win a big swing state like Pennsylvania with that enormous spending advantage , just what will it take for him to be able to win a large swing state ? "
Geoff Garin , the Clinton campaign 's strategist said yesterday .
Clinton has only won 14 states to Obama 's 28 , and is hoping a big turnout could help her narrow the gap in the popular vote , where Obama has 13.3 m votes to her 12.6 m .
She will also hope that a good win would help her to take at least four of the remaining nine contests : Indiana , West Virginia , Kentucky and Puerto Rico .
The campaign is not scheduled to end until June .
On the eve of the poll , Obama picked up another celebrity endorsement when filmmaker Michael Moore backed him .
In a posting on his website , he said he had planned to stay neutral , but was incensed when Clinton mentioned the Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan in a TV debate last week .
At the Tech Policy Summit in Los Angeles , MPAA CTO Jim Williams called on ISPs to install filters in their pipes , arguing that it was in their own best interest .
Furthermore , Williams said that ISPs ought to start filtering content not just to please the movie studios , but for their own bottom lines .
Filtering will " unclog the Internet , " Williams said , and eliminate " a bunch of freeriders that are hogging bandwidth . "
Williams ' comments came in the wake of comments from Verizon CTO Richard Lynch , who admitted that the ISP does use a blacklist to stop access to child porn sites .
Williams seized on that point .
If Verizon truly is n't willing to police the Internet , why will it blacklist certain sites ?
Copyright concerns and child porn are n't quite on the same level , but Verizon 's willingness to control access to certain kinds of content predictably leads others with content concerns to demand a similar sort of treatment .
We know this issue is on the minds of copyright owners ( see our lengthy chat with NBC Universal 's Rick Cotton , for instance ) , but Williams ' remarks illustrate just how high a priority ISP filtering is to the movie business .
When asked how he would rewrite the DMCA if he could go back in time and do so , Williams had no hesitation : he would " like to see some sort of encouragement to ISPs to do something about mass , indiscriminate reproduction of copyrighted works . "
Williams stressed that he 's not against P2P .
The studios love P2P as a technology because of what it could mean for them : a cost - effective method of selling high - def content to consumers without the need to pay for huge bandwidth bills and server farms .
But he does argue that " much of the Internet is being clogged up with stolen goods " and " you find that almost all P2P traffic goes away if you turn on copyright filters . "
A cat - and - mouse game
After his talk , I asked Williams about issues involved in filtering P2P content , especially with encrypted content .
He noted that it was still possible , though because the data is encrypted , the filtering software needs to do extra work ( such as joining a BitTorrent swarm in order to gain access to the encryption keys ) rather than being able to peer directly at the traffic passing over the wire .
Williams did admit , though , that it was a " cat- and - mouse " game , one that might spawn a P2P arms race but that could still put a dent in piracy , especially of the casual kind .
For a hint of how this might play out , we need only consider Canada , where several of the major ISPs throttle P2P traffic .
Ashwin Navin , BitTorrent 's president , told me that his company has ways to bypass such restrictions but that it 's a constant game of tweaking .
As BitTorrent makes changes , the ISPs respond , leading BitTorrent to make more changes .
We 've also seen Vuze in the US adopt encryption of its legitimate P2P downloads in part as a way of avoiding Comcast 's upload throttling .
Widespread ISP filtering would certainly lead to similar see - saw battles .
Verizon wants no part of such battles , as Lynch reiterated that the ISP remains committed to an open Internet .
In addition to throwing open Verizon Wireless ' data network to more devices and applications , Lynch stressed yesterday that Verizon has no interest in being a content " policeman . "
Education and personal responsibility
Jim Davis , the CIO of UCLA , said that based on what was happening on his campus , the best approach seemed to be a combination of education , personal responsibility , and action against repeat offenders .
The school takes its mission to educate its students seriously and it wants to create ethical adults who act out of their own sense of what 's right .
To that end , UCLA educates incoming students about what is and is not appropriate but has no interest in technological filters running somewhere in its network .
It also targets repeat offenders with increasing sanctions .
YouTube 's chief counsel , Zahavah Levine , also stressed the need for digital media education .
While YouTube does employ audio and video filtering systems , these can flag copyrighted content but can't help educate users about proper behavior .
This leads to " a lot of nasty e-mails from users " when content is taken down , she said .
Some users think that because they bought a CD or DVD , they have the right to upload parts of it to YouTube ; others think that the footage they took on a cell phone camera at a concert is theirs to do with as they please and that they can upload band performances .
Good ideas , all of them , but calls for " education " are unlikely to be enough for content owners , who see a clear and present danger .
Education , whatever its merits , takes time .
Of the miseries regularly inflicted on humankind , some are so minor and yet , while they last , so painful that one wonders how , after all this time , a remedy cannot have been found .
If scientists do not have a cure for cancer , that makes sense .
But the common cold , the menstrual cramp ?
The hangover is another condition of this kind .
It is a preventable malady : do n’t drink .
Nevertheless , people throughout time have found what seemed to them good reason for recourse to alcohol .
One attraction is alcohol ’s power to disinhibit — to allow us , at last , to tell off our neighbor or make an improper suggestion to his wife .
Alcohol may also persuade us that we have found the truth about life , a comforting experience rarely available in the sober hour .
Through the lens of alcohol , the world seems nicer .
( “ I drink to make other people interesting , ” the theatre critic George Jean Nathan used to say . )
For all these reasons , drinking cheers people up .
See Proverbs 31:6 - 7 : “ Give . . . wine unto those that be of heavy hearts .
Let him drink , and forget his poverty , and remember his misery no more . ”
It works , but then , in the morning , a new misery presents itself .
Illustration by Floc’h
A hangover peaks when alcohol that has been poured into the body is finally eliminated from it — that is , when the blood - alcohol level returns to zero .
The toxin is now gone , but the damage it has done is not .
By fairly common consent , a hangover will involve some combination of headache , upset stomach , thirst , food aversion , nausea , diarrhea , tremulousness , fatigue , and a general feeling of wretchedness .
Scientists have n’t yet found all the reasons for this network of woes , but they have proposed various causes .
One is withdrawal , which would bring on the tremors and also sweating .
A second factor may be dehydration .
Alcohol interferes with the secretion of the hormone that inhibits urination .
Hence the heavy traffic to the rest rooms at bars and parties .
The resulting dehydration seems to trigger the thirst and lethargy .
While that is going on , the alcohol may also be inducing hypoglycemia ( low blood sugar ) , which converts into light - headedness and muscle weakness , the feeling that one ’s bones have turned to jello .
Meanwhile , the body , to break down the alcohol , is releasing chemicals that may be more toxic than alcohol itself ; these would result in nausea and other symptoms .
Finally , the alcohol has produced inflammation , which in turn causes the white blood cells to flood the bloodstream with molecules called cytokines .
Apparently , cytokines are the source of the aches and pains and lethargy that , when our bodies are attacked by a flu virus — and likewise , perhaps , by alcohol — encourage us to stay in bed rather than go to work , thereby freeing up the body ’s energy for use by the white cells in combatting the invader .
In a series of experiments , mice that were given a cytokine inducer underwent dramatic changes .
Adult males would n’t socialize with young males new to their cage .
Mothers displayed “ impaired nest - building . ”
Many people will know how these mice felt .
But hangover symptoms are not just physical ; they are cognitive as well .
People with hangovers show delayed reaction times and difficulties with attention , concentration , and visual - spatial perception .
A group of airplane pilots given simulated flight tests after a night ’s drinking put in substandard performances .
Similarly , automobile drivers , the morning after , get low marks on simulated road tests .
Needless to say , this is a hazard , and not just for those at the wheel .
There are laws against drunk driving , but not against driving with a hangover .
Hangovers also have an emotional component .
Kingsley Amis , who was , in his own words , one of the foremost drunks of his time , and who wrote three books on drinking , described this phenomenon as “ the metaphysical hangover ” : “ When that ineffable compound of depression , sadness ( these two are not the same ) , anxiety , self - hatred , sense of failure and fear for the future begins to steal over you , start telling yourself that what you have is a hangover .
. . .
You have not suffered a minor brain lesion , you are not all that bad at your job , your family and friends are not leagued in a conspiracy of barely maintained silence about what a shit you are , you have not come at last to see life as it really is . ”
Some people are unable to convince themselves of this .
Amis described the opening of Kafka ’s “ Metamorphosis , ” with the hero discovering that he has been changed into a bug , as the best literary representation of a hangover .
The severity of a hangover depends , of course , on how much you drank the night before , but that is not the only determinant .
What , besides alcohol , did you consume at that party ?
If you took other drugs as well , your hangover may be worse .
And what kind of alcohol did you drink ?
In general , darker drinks , such as red wine and whiskey , have higher levels of congeners — impurities produced by the fermentation process , or added to enhance flavor — than do light - colored drinks such as white wine , gin , and vodka .
The greater the congener content , the uglier the morning .
Then there are your own characteristics — for example , your drinking pattern .
Unjustly , habitually heavy drinkers seem to have milder hangovers .
Your sex is also important .
A woman who matches drinks with a man is going to get drunk faster than he , partly because she has less body water than he does , and less of the enzyme alcohol dehydrogenase , which breaks down alcohol .
Apparently , your genes also have a vote , as does your gene pool .
Almost forty per cent of East Asians have a variant , less efficient form of aldehyde dehydrogenase , another enzyme necessary for alcohol processing .
Therefore , they start showing signs of trouble after just a few sips — they flush dramatically — and they get drunk fast .
This is an inconvenience for some Japanese and Korean businessmen .
They feel that they should drink with their Western colleagues .
Then they crash to the floor and have to make awkward phone calls in the morning .
Hangovers are probably as old as alcohol use , which dates back to the Stone Age .
Some anthropologists have proposed that alcohol production may have predated agriculture ; in any case , it no doubt stimulated that development , because in many parts of the world the cereal harvest was largely given over to beer - making .
Other prehistorians have speculated that alcohol intoxication may have been one of the baffling phenomena , like storms , dreams , and death , that propelled early societies toward organized religion .
The ancient Egyptians , who , we are told , made seventeen varieties of beer , believed that their god Osiris invented this agreeable beverage .
They buried their dead with supplies of beer for use in the afterlife .
Alcohol was also one of our ancestors ’ foremost medicines .
Berton Roueché , in a 1960 article on alcohol for The New Yorker , quoted a prominent fifteenth - century German physician , Hieronymus Brunschwig , on the range of physical ills curable by brandy : head sores , pallor , baldness , deafness , lethargy , toothache , mouth cankers , bad breath , swollen breasts , short - windedness , indigestion , flatulence , jaundice , dropsy , gout , bladder infections , kidney stones , fever , dog bites , and infestation with lice or fleas .
Additionally , in many times and places , alcohol was one of the few safe things to drink .
Water contamination is a very old problem .
Some words for hangover , like ours , refer prosaically to the cause : the Egyptians say they are “ still drunk , ” the Japanese “ two days drunk , ” the Chinese “ drunk overnight . ”
The Swedes get “ smacked from behind . ”
But it is in languages that describe the effects rather than the cause that we begin to see real poetic power .
Salvadorans wake up “ made of rubber , ” the French with a “ wooden mouth ” or a “ hair ache . ”
The Germans and the Dutch say they have a “ tomcat , ” presumably wailing .
The Poles , reportedly , experience a “ howling of kittens . ”
My favorites are the Danes , who get “ carpenters in the forehead . ”
In keeping with the saying about the Eskimos ’ nine words for snow , the Ukrainians have several words for hangover .
And , in keeping with the Jews - don ’t - drink rule , Hebrew did n’t even have one word until recently .
Then the experts at the Academy of the Hebrew Language , in Tel Aviv , decided that such a term was needed , so they made one up : hamarmoret , derived from the word for fermentation .
( Hamarmoret echoes a usage of Jeremiah ’s , in Lamentations 1:20 , which the King James Bible translates as “ My bowels are troubled . ” )
There is a biochemical basis for Jewish abstinence .
Many Jews — fifty per cent , in one estimate — carry a variant gene for alcohol dehydrogenase .
Therefore , they , like the East Asians , have a low tolerance for alcohol .
As for hangover remedies , they are legion .
There are certain unifying themes , however .
When you ask people , worldwide , how to deal with a hangover , their first answer is usually the hair of the dog .
The old faithful in this category is the Bloody Mary , but books on curing hangovers — I have read three , and that does not exhaust the list — describe more elaborate potions , often said to have been invented in places like Cap d’Antibes by bartenders with names like Jean - Marc .
An English manual , Andrew Irving ’s “ How to Cure a Hangover ” ( 2004 ) , devotes almost a hundred pages to hair - of - the - dog recipes , including the Suffering Bastard ( gin , brandy , lime juice , bitters , and ginger ale ) ; the Corpse Reviver ( Pernod , champagne , and lemon juice ) ; and the Thomas Abercrombie ( two Alka - Seltzers dropped into a double shot of tequila ) .
Kingsley Amis suggests taking Underberg bitters , a highly alcoholic digestive : “ The resulting mild convulsions and cries of shock are well worth witnessing .
But thereafter a comforting glow supervenes . ”
Many people , however , simply drink some more of what they had the night before .
My Ukrainian informant described his morning - after protocol for a vodka hangover as follows : “ two shots of vodka , then a cigarette , then another shot of vodka . ”
A Japanese source suggested wearing a sake - soaked surgical mask .
“ How long have we been sitting on balls , Jon ? ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
Application of the hair of the dog may sound like nothing more than a way of getting yourself drunk enough so that you do n’t notice you have a hangover , but , according to Wayne Jones , of the Swedish National Laboratory of Forensic Medicine , the biochemistry is probably more complicated than that .
Jones ’s theory is that the liver , in processing alcohol , first addresses itself to ethanol , which is the alcohol proper , and then moves on to methanol , a secondary ingredient of many wines and spirits .
Because methanol breaks down into formic acid , which is highly toxic , it is during this second stage that the hangover is most crushing .
If at that point you pour in more alcohol , the body will switch back to ethanol processing .
This will not eliminate the hangover — the methanol ( indeed , more of it now ) is still waiting for you round the bend — but it delays the worst symptoms .
It may also mitigate them somewhat .
On the other hand , you are drunk again , which may create difficulty about going to work .
As for the non-alcoholic means of combatting hangover , these fall into three categories : before or while drinking , before bed , and the next morning .
Many people advise you to eat a heavy meal , with lots of protein and fats , before or while drinking .
If you ca n’t do that , at least drink a glass of milk .
In Africa , the same purpose is served by eating peanut butter .
The other most frequent before - and - during recommendation is water , lots of it .
Proponents of this strategy tell you to ask for a glass of water with every drink you order , and then make yourself chug - a - lug the water before addressing the drink .
A recently favored antidote , both in Asia and in the West , is sports drinks , taken either the morning after or , more commonly , at the party itself .
A fast - moving bar drink these days is Red Bull , an energy drink , mixed with vodka or with the herbal liqueur Jägermeister .
( The latter cocktail is a Jag - bomb . )
Some people say that the Red Bull holds the hangover at bay , but apparently its primary effect is to blunt the depressive force of alcohol — no surprise , since an eight - ounce serving of Red Bull contains more caffeine than two cans of Coke .
According to fans , you can rock all night .
According to Maria Lucia Souza - Formigoni , a psychobiology researcher at the Federal University of São Paolo , that ’s true , and dangerous .
After a few drinks with Red Bull , you ’re drunk but you do n’t know it , and therefore you may engage in high - risk behaviors — driving , going home with a questionable companion — rather than passing out quietly in your chair .
Red Bull ’s manufacturers have criticized the methodology of Souza - Formigoni ’s study and have pointed out that they never condoned mixing their product with alcohol .
When you get home , is there anything you can do before going to bed ?
Those still able to consider such a question are advised , again , to consume buckets of water , and also to take some Vitamin C. Koreans drink a bowl of water with honey , presumably to head off the hypoglycemia .
Among the young , one damage - control measure is the ancient Roman method , induced vomiting .
Nic van Oudtshoorn ’s “ The Hangover Handbook ” ( 1997 ) thoughtfully provides a recipe for an emetic : mix mustard powder with water .
If you have “ bed spins , ” sleep with one foot on the floor .
Now to the sorrows of the morning .
The list - topping recommendation , apart from another go at the water cure , is the greasy - meal cure .
( An American philosophy professor : “ Have breakfast at Denny’s . ”
An English teen - ager : “ Eat two McDonald ’s hamburgers .
They have a secret ingredient for hangovers . ” )
Spicy foods , especially Mexican , are popular , along with eggs , as in the Denny ’s breakfast .
Another egg - based cure is the prairie oyster , which involves vinegar , Worcestershire sauce , and a raw egg yolk to be consumed whole .
Sugar , some say , should be reapplied .
A reporter at the Times : “ Drink a six - pack of Coke . ”
Others suggest fruit juice .
In Scotland , there is a soft drink called Irn - Bru , described to me by a local as tasting like melted plastic .
Irn -Bru is advertised to the Scots as “ Your Other National Drink . ”
Also widely employed are milk - based drinks .
Teen - agers recommend milkshakes and smoothies .
My contact in Calcutta said buttermilk .
“ You can also pour it over your head , ” he added .
“ Very soothing . ”
Elsewhere on the international front , many people in Asia and the Near East take strong tea .
The Italians and the French prefer strong coffee .
( Italian informant : add lemon .
French informant : add salt .
Alcohol researchers : stay away from coffee — it ’s a diuretic and will make you more dehydrated . )
Germans eat pickled herring ; the Japanese turn to pickled plums ; the Vietnamese drink a wax - gourd juice .
Moroccans say to chew cumin seeds ;
Andeans , coca leaves .
Russians swear by pickle brine .
An ex-Soviet ballet dancer told me , “ Pickle juice or a shot of vodka or pickle juice with a shot of vodka . ”
Many folk cures for hangovers are soups : menudo in Mexico , mondongo in Puerto Rico , işkembe çorbasi in Turkey , patsa in Greece , khashi in Georgia .
The fact that all of the above involve tripe may mean something .
Hungarians favor a concoction of cabbage and smoked meats , sometimes forthrightly called “ hangover soup . ”
The Russians ’ morning - after soup , solyanka , is , of course , made with pickle juice .
The Japanese have traditionally relied on miso soup , though a while ago there was a fashion for a vegetable soup invented and marketed by one Kazu Tateishi , who claimed that it cured cancer as well as hangovers .
I read this list of food cures to Manuela Neuman , a Canadian researcher on alcohol - induced liver damage , and she laughed at only one , the six - pack of Coke .
Many of the cures probably work , she said , on the same distraction principle as the hair of the dog : “ Take the spicy foods , for example .
They divert the body ’s attention away from coping with the alcohol to coping with the spices , which are also a toxin .
So you have new problems — with your stomach , with your esophagus , with your respiration — rather than the problem with the headache , or that you are going to the washroom every five minutes . ”
The high - fat and high - protein meals operate in the same way , she said .
The body turns to the food and forgets about the alcohol for the time being , thus delaying the hangover and possibly alleviating it .
As for the differences among the many food recommendations , Neuman said that any country ’s hangover cure , like the rest of its cultural practices , is an adaptation to the environment .
Chilies are readily available in Mexico , peanut butter in Africa .
People use what they have .
Neuman also pointed out that local cures will reflect the properties of local brews .
If Russians favor pickle juice , they are probably right to , because their drink is vodka : “ Vodka is a very pure alcohol .
It does n’t have the congeners that you find , for example , in whiskey in North America .
The congeners are also toxic , independent of alcohol , and will have their own effects .
With vodka you are just going to have pure - alcohol effects , and one of the most important of those is dehydration .
The Russians drink a lot of water with their vodka , and that combats the dehydration .
The pickle brine will have the same effect .
It ’s salty , so they ’ll drink more water , and that ’s what they need . ”
Many hangover cures — the soups , the greasy breakfast — are comfort foods , and that , apart from any sworn - by ingredients , may be their chief therapeutic property , but some other remedies sound as though they were devised by the witches in “ Macbeth . ” Kingsley Amis recommended a mixture of Bovril and vodka .
There is also a burnt - toast cure .
Such items suggest that what some hungover people are seeking is not so much relief as atonement .
The same can be said of certain non -food recommendations , such as exercise .
One source says that you should do a forty - minute workout , another that you should run six miles — activities that may have little attraction for the hung over .
Additional procedures said to be effective are an intravenous saline drip and kidney dialysis , which , apart from their lack of appeal , are not readily available .
There are other non-ingested remedies .
Amazon will sell you a refrigeratable eye mask , an aromatherapy inhaler , and a vinyl statue of St. Vivian , said to be the patron saint of the hung over .
She comes with a stand and a special prayer .
The most widely used over - the - counter remedy is no doubt aspirin .
Advil , or ibuprofen , and Alka - Seltzer — there is a special formula for hangovers , Alka - Seltzer Wake - Up Call — are probably close runners - up .
( Tylenol , or acetaminophen , should not be used , because alcohol increases its toxicity to the liver . )
Also commonly recommended are Vitamin C and B - complex vitamins .
But those are almost home remedies .
In recent years , pharmaceutical companies have come up with more specialized formulas : Chaser , NoHang , BoozEase , PartySmart , Sob ’r - K HangoverStopper , Hangover Prevention Formula , and so on .
In some of these , such as Sob ’r - K and Chaser , the primary ingredient is carbon , which , according to the manufacturers , soaks up toxins .
Others are herbal compounds , featuring such ingredients as ginseng , milk thistle , borage , and extracts of prickly pear , artichoke , and guava leaf .
These and other O.T.C. remedies aim to boost biochemicals that help the body deal with toxins .
A few remedies have scientific backing .
Manuela Neuman , in lab tests , found that milk - thistle extract , which is an ingredient in NoHang and Hangover Helper , does protect cells from damage by alcohol .
A research team headed by Jeffrey Wiese , of Tulane University , tested prickly - pear extract , the key ingredient in Hangover Prevention Formula , on human subjects and found significant improvement with the nausea , dry mouth , and food aversion but not with other , more common symptoms , such as headache .
“ Your prognosis is tied to the outcome of the election . ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
Five years ago , there was a flurry in the press over a new O.T.C. remedy called RU - 21 ( i.e. , Are you twenty - one ? ) .
According to the reports , this wonder drug was the product of twenty - five years of painstaking research by the Russian Academy of Sciences , which developed it for K.G.B. agents who wanted to stay sober while getting their contacts drunk and prying information out of them .
During the Cold War , we were told , the formula was a state secret , but in 1999 it was declassified .
Now it was ours !
“ HERE ’S ONE COMMUNIST PLOT AMERICANS CAN REALLY GET BEHIND , ” the headline in the Washington Post said .
“ BOTTOMS UP TO OUR BUDDIES IN RUSSIA , ” the Cleveland Plain Dealer said .
The literature on RU - 21 was mysterious , however .
If the formula was developed to keep your head clear , how come so many reports said that it did n’t suppress the effects of alcohol ?
Clearly , it could n’t work both ways .
When I put this question to Emil Chiaberi , a co-founder of RU - 21 ’s manufacturer , Spirit Sciences , in California , he answered , “ No , no , no .
It is true that succinic acid ” — a key ingredient of RU - 21 — “ was tested at the Russian Academy of Sciences , including secret laboratories that worked for the K.G.B .
But it did n’t do what they wanted .
It did n’t keep people sober , and so it never made it with the K.G.B. men .
Actually , it does improve your condition a little .
In Russia , I ’ve seen people falling under the table plenty of times — they drink differently over there — and if they took a few of these pills they were able to get up and walk around , and maybe have a couple more drinks .
But no , what those scientists discovered , really by accident , was a way to prevent hangover . ”
( Like many other O.T.C. remedies , RU - 21 is best taken before or while drinking , not the next morning . )
Asians love the product , Chiaberi says .
“ It flies off the shelves there . ”
In the United States , it is big with the Hollywood set : “ For every film festival — Sundance , the Toronto Film Festival — we get calls asking us to send them RU - 21 for parties .
So it has that glamour thing . ”
Most cures for hangover — indeed , most statements about hangover — have not been tested .
Jeffrey Wiese and his colleagues , in a 2000 article in Annals of Internal Medicine , reported that in the preceding thirty - five years more than forty - seven hundred articles on alcohol intoxication had been published , but that only a hundred and eight of these dealt with hangover .
There may be more information on hangover cures in college newspapers — a rich source — than in the scientific literature .
And the research that has been published is often weak .
A team of scientists attempting to review the literature on hangover cures were able to assemble only fifteen articles , and then they had to throw out all but eight on methodological grounds .
There have been more studies in recent years , but historically this is not a subject that has captured scientists ’ hearts .
Which is curious , because anyone who discovered a widely effective hangover cure would make a great deal of money .
Doing the research is hard , though .
Lab tests with cell samples are relatively simple to conduct , as are tests with animals , some of which have been done .
In one experiment , with a number of rats suffering from artificially induced hangovers , ninety per cent of the animals died , but in a group that was first given Vitamins B and C , together with cysteine , an amino acid contained in some O.T.C. remedies , there were no deaths .
( Somehow this is not reassuring . )
The acid test , however , is in clinical trials , with human beings , and these are complicated .
Basically , what you have to do is give a group of people a lot to drink , apply the remedy in question , and then , the next morning , score them on a number of measures in comparison with people who consumed the same amount of alcohol without the remedy .
But there are many factors that you have to control for : the sex of the subjects ; their general health ; their family history ; their past experience with alcohol ; the type of alcohol you give them ; the amount of food and water they consume before , during , and after ; and the circumstances under which they drink , among other variables .
( Wiese and his colleagues , in their prickly - pear experiment , provided music so that the subjects could dance , as at a party . )
Ideally , there should also be a large sample — many subjects .
All that costs money , and researchers do not pay out of pocket .
They depend on funding institutions — typically , universities , government agencies , and foundations .
With all those bodies , a grant has to be O.K. ’d by an ethics committee , and such committees ’ ethics may stop short of getting people drunk .
For one thing , they are afraid that the subjects will hurt themselves .
( All the studies I read specified that the subjects were sent home by taxi or limousine after their contribution to science . )
Furthermore , many people believe that alcohol abusers should suffer the next morning — that this is a useful deterrent .
Robert Lindsey , the president of the National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence , told me that he was n’t sure about that .
His objection to hangover - cure research was simply that it was a misuse of resources : “ Fifteen million people in this country are alcohol - dependent .
That ’s a staggering number !
They need help : not with hangovers but with the cause of hangovers — alcohol addiction . ”
Robert Swift , an alcohol researcher who teaches at Brown University , counters that if scientists , through research , could provide the public with better information on the cognitive impairments involved in hangover , we might be able to prevent accidents .
He compares the situation to the campaigns against distributing condoms , on the ground that this would increase promiscuity .
In fact , the research has shown that free condoms did not have that effect .
What they did was cut down on unwanted pregnancies and sexually transmitted disease .
Manufacturers of O.T.C. remedies are sensitive to the argument that they are enablers , and their literature often warns against heavy drinking .
The message may be unashamedly mixed , however .
The makers of NoHang , on their Web page , say what your mother would : “ It is recommended that you drink moderately and responsibly . ”
At the same time , they tell you that with NoHang “ you can drink the night away . ”
They list the different packages in which their product can be bought : the Bender ( twelve tablets ) , the Party Animal ( twenty - four ) , the It ’s Noon Somewhere ( forty - eight ) .
Among the testimonials they publish is one by “ Chad S , ” from Chicago : “ After getting torn up all day on Saturday , I woke up Sunday morning completely hangover - free .
I must have had like twenty drinks . ”
Researchers address the moral issue less hypocritically .
Wiese and his colleagues describe the damage done by hangovers — according to their figures , the cost to the U.S. economy , in absenteeism and poor job performance , is a hundred and forty - eight billion dollars a year ( other estimates are far lower , but still substantial ) — and they mention the tests with the airplane pilots , guaranteed to scare anyone .
They also say that there is no experimental evidence indicating that hangover relief encourages further drinking .
( Nor , they might have added , have there been any firm findings on this matter . )
Manuela Neuman , more philosophically , says that some people , now and then , are going to drink too much , no matter what you tell them , and that we should try to relieve the suffering caused thereby .
Such reasoning seems to have cut no ice with funding institutions .
Of the meagre research I have read in support of various cures , all was paid for , at least in part , by pharmaceutical companies .
A truly successful hangover cure is probably going to be slow in coming .
In the meantime , however , it is not easy to sympathize with the alcohol disciplinarians , so numerous , for example , in the United States .
They seem to lack a sense of humor and , above all , the tragic sense of life .
They appear not to know that many people have a lot that they ’d like to forget .
In the words of the English aphorist William Bolitho , “ The shortest way out of Manchester is . . . a bottle of Gordon ’s gin , ” and if that relief is temporary the reformers would be hard put to offer a more lasting solution .
Also questionable is the moral emphasis of the temperance folk , their belief that drinking is a lapse , a sin , as if getting to work on time , or living a hundred years , were the crown of life .
They forget alcohol ’s relationship to camaraderie , sharing , toasts .
Those , too , are moral matters .
Even hangovers are related to social comforts .
Alcohol investigators describe the bad things that people do on the morning after .
According to Genevieve Ames and her research team at the Prevention Research Center , in Berkeley , hungover assembly - line workers are more likely to be criticized by their supervisors , to have disagreements with their co-workers , and to feel lousy .
Apart from telling us what we already know , such findings are incomplete , because they do not talk about the jokes around the water cooler — the fellowship , the badge of honor .
Yes , there are safer ways of gaining honor , but how available are they to most people ?
Outside the United States , there is less finger - wagging .
British writers , if they recommend a cure , will occasionally say that it makes you feel good enough to go out and have another drink .
They are also more likely to tell you about the health benefits of moderate drinking — how it lowers one ’s risk of heart disease , Alzheimer ’s , and so on .
English fiction tends to portray drinking as a matter of getting through the day , often quite acceptably .
In P. G. Wodehouse ’s Jeeves and Wooster series , a hangover is the occasion of a happy event , Bertie ’s hiring of Jeeves .
Bertie , after “ a late evening , ” is lying on the couch in agony when Jeeves rings his doorbell .
“ ‘ I was sent by the agency , sir , ’ he said .
‘ I was given to understand that you required a valet . ’ ” Bertie says he would have preferred a mortician .
Jeeves takes one look at Bertie , brushes past him , and vanishes into the kitchen , from which he emerges a moment later with a glass on a tray .
It contains a prairie oyster .
Bertie continues , “ I would have clutched at anything that looked like a life - line that morning .
I swallowed the stuff .
For a moment I felt as if somebody . . . was strolling down my throat with a lighted torch , and then everything seemed suddenly to get all right .
The sun shone in through the window ; birds twittered in the tree - tops ; and , generally speaking , hope dawned once more .
‘ You ’re engaged , ’ I said . ”
Here the hangover is a comedy , or at least a fact of life .
So it has been , probably , since the Stone Age , and so it is likely to be for a while yet . ♦
PARAMARIBO , Suriname 
Walk into a government office here and you will be greeted in Dutch , the official language .
But in a reflection of the astonishing diversity of this South American nation , Surinamese speak more than 10 other languages , including variants of Chinese , Hindi , Javanese and half a dozen original Creoles .
Making matters more complex , English is also beamed into homes on television and Portuguese is the fastest - growing language since an influx of immigrants from Brazil in recent years .
And one language stands above all others as the lingua franca : Sranan Tongo ( literally Suriname tongue ) , a resilient Creole developed by African slaves in the 17th century .
So which language should Suriname ’s 470,000 people speak ?
Therein lies a quandary for this country , which is still fiercely debating its national identity after just three decades of independence from the Netherlands .
“ We shook off the chains of Dutch colonialism in the 1970s , but our consciousness remains colonized by the Dutch language , ” said Paul Middellijn , 58 , a writer who composes poetry in Sranan Tongo .
The recent decisions of Atty .
Gen. Michael B. Mukasey to block any prosecution of Bush administration officials for contempt and to block any criminal investigation of torture led to a chorus of criticism .
Many view the decisions as raw examples of political manipulation of the legal process and overt cronyism .
I must confess that I was one of those crying foul until I suddenly realized that there was something profound , even beautiful , in Mukasey ’s action .
In his twisting of legal principles , the attorney general has succeeded in creating a perfect paradox .
Under Mukasey ’s Paradox , lawyers cannot commit crimes when they act under the orders of a president -- and a president cannot commit a crime when he acts under advice of lawyers .
Such a perfect paradox is no easy task .
Most attempts fall apart because of some element of logical consistency .
The closest example to Mukasey ’s Paradox is the Grandfather Paradox :
If you go back in time and kill your grandfather before he meets your grandmother , you would not be conceived and therefore you could not go back to kill your grandfather .
That one can play real tricks with your head .
Mukasey ’s Paradox appears designed to play tricks with Congress .
Its origins date back to Mukasey ’s confirmation hearings , when he first denied knowing what waterboarding was and then ( when it was defined for him ) refused to recognize it as torture .
In fact , it is not only a crime under U.S. law , it is a well - defined war crime under international law .
Advertisement
The problem for Mukasey was that if he admitted waterboarding was a crime , then it was a crime that had been authorized by the president of the United States -- an admission that would trigger calls for both a criminal investigation and impeachment .
Mukasey ’s confirmation was facing imminent defeat over his refusal to answer the question when Sens. Charles Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) and Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif . ) suddenly rescued him , guaranteeing that he would not have to answer it .
Once in office , Mukasey still had the nasty problem of a secret torture program that was now hiding in plain view .
Asked to order a criminal investigation of the program , Mukasey refused .
His rationale left many lawyers gasping :
Any torture that occurred was done on the advice of counsel and therefore , while they may have been wrong , it could not have been a crime for CIA interrogators or , presumably , the president .
If this sounds ludicrous , it is .
Under that logic , any president can simply surround himself with extremist or collusive lawyers and instantly decriminalize any crime .
However , this is only half of Mukasey ’s Paradox .
The other half occurred last week when Mukasey refused to allow contempt charges against White House Chief of Staff Josh Bolten and former White House counsel Harriet E. Miers to be given to a grand jury .
Bolten and Miers stand accused of contempt in refusing to testify before Congress in its investigation of the firings of several U.S. attorneys in 2006 .
Mukasey wrote to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi that their refusal to testify could not be a crime because the president ordered them not to testify under executive privilege .
Under this logic , no official can be prosecuted for contempt as long as a president ordered them to commit the contempt -- even if the president ’s assertion of privilege is clearly invalid or incomplete .
In this case , many experts have expressed skepticism that all or any of President Bush ’s assertions of privilege in this case would be upheld .
Advertisement
When Mukasey blocked the contempt cases , many legal experts were filled with rage .
But I came to see his rationales as objects of beauty rather than scorn .
When one combines the two decisions , they fit neatly into Mukasey ’s Paradox .
Mukasey was saying that lawyers could not be charged criminally because the president ordered them to commit the act -- and that the president could not be charged criminally because lawyers told him he could do it .
Now some have pointed to other paradoxes in Mukasey ’s tenure .
There is , for instance , the “ paradox ” that his confirmation was saved by Democrats -- who thereby allowed the president to avoid a confrontation on torture .
There is the “ paradox ” of Mukasey insisting that courts should not investigate the Justice Department ’s failure to preserve the CIA torture tapes because the Justice Department should be allowed to investigate its own failure to previously investigate .
Yet these are not real paradoxes -- they ’re merely political ironies .
A paradox is a statement that seems true but yields a contradiction or a dual truth .
When reduced to its purest form , Mukasey ’s Paradox is that government officials cannot violate the law -- but that because executive privilege is also a law , it ’s sometimes necessary to violate the law in order to uphold the law .
Mukasey ’s Paradox will now join other paradoxes such as Zeno ’s Paradox .
Indeed , members of Congress already use a variation of Zeno ’s Paradox to explain their lack of action on civil liberties , torture and Iraq .
They seem to be always working toward “ change ” without actual change occurring .
The answer is found in Zeno ’s Paradox :
You will never reach Point B from Point A as you must always get halfway there , and half of the half , and half of that half , and so on .
Advertisement
Mukasey ’s Paradox , if adopted , will result in administration officials being effectively beyond the reach of the law .
Yet there is always hope .
Consider that Mukasey took an oath under which he swore to uphold the laws of this country -- even if the violator is the president of the United States or his aides .
That oath means that all laws must be upheld without exception .
Except , according to his interpretation , that executive power is a form of constitutional law that creates exceptions to the enforcement of laws .
But there ’s something known as the Exception Paradox , which goes as follows :
If there is an exception to every rule , then every rule must have at least one exception , including the rule that there must be an exception to every rule .
Thus , perhaps this is a rule without exception , and the president cannot order criminal acts .
But that brings us back to Mukasey ’s Paradox .
Even if there is no exception to the president ordering crimes , there is no crime because the president ordered it .
Perfection .
Tuesday , February 5 12:00 AM EDT Ways Sony Plans to Celebrate Their Blu- Ray Victory 11 .
Add rootkit code to all Blu - Ray DVDs .
10 .
Send solid gold fruit basket to Time Warner .
9 . Change name of Blu - Ray to something more meaningful .
Like HD - DVD .
8 . Get unused " Victory for Betamax " banners out of storage .
Edit them for the party .
7 . Call guys at Toshiba , and play Beck 's " Loser " over the phone .
6 . Watch Rising Sun on their HD - DVD player .
5 . Release next generation of Higher - Definition video .
4 . Get T - shirts printed up that say , " The HD stands for Hopeless Despair " and send them to engineers at Toshiba .
3 . Raise price on Playstation 3 by $ 100 .
2 . Release Gigli on Blu-Ray .
1 . Savor the brief moment of victory , while preparing for the next embarrassing defeat .
This one goes to 11 .
Previous Story :
Contributing Editor Next Story :
Format Wars
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The A to Z Guide to Political Interference in Science by the Union of Concerned Scientists .
Check out the interactive version .
Science Soviet style !
More than half the scientists at the Environmental Protection Agency report political interference in their work over the last five years .
This , according to a new investigation by the Union of Concerned Scientists , follows on the heels of prior UCS investigations ( Food and Drug Administration , Fish and Wildlife Service , National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , as well as climate scientists at seven federal agencies ) .
The earlier examinations also found significant manipulation of federal science by the Bush administration .
“ Our investigation found an agency in crisis , ” said UCS ’s Francesca Grifo .
“ Nearly 900 EPA scientists reported political interference in their scientific work .
That ’s 900 too many .
Distorting science to accommodate a narrow political agenda threatens our environment , our health , and our democracy itself . ”
Among the UCS report ’s top findings on the EPA : • 889 scientists ( 60 percent ) said they had personally experienced at least one instance of political interference in their work over the last five years .
• 394 scientists ( 31 percent ) personally experienced frequent or occasional “ statements by EPA officials that misrepresent scientists ’ findings . ” • 285 scientists ( 22 percent ) said they frequently or occasionally personally experienced “ selective or incomplete use of data to justify a specific regulatory outcome . ” • 224 scientists ( 17 percent ) said they had been “ directed to inappropriately exclude or alter technical information from an EPA scientific document . ” •
Of the 969 agency veterans with more than 10 years of EPA experience , 409 scientists ( 43 percent ) said interference has occurred more often in the past five years than in the previous five - year period .
Only 43 scientists ( 4 percent ) said interference occurred less often .
•
Hundreds of scientists reported being unable to openly express concerns about the EPA ’s work without fear of retaliation ; 492 ( 31 percent ) felt they could not speak candidly within the agency and 382 ( 24 percent ) felt they could not do so outside the agency .
UCS ’s investigation revealed political interference is most pronounced in offices where scientists write regulations and conduct risk assessments that could lead to strengthened regulations .
“ The investigation shows researchers are generally continuing to do their work , ” said Dr. Grifo .
“ But their scientific findings are tossed aside when it comes time to write regulations . ”
Nearly 100 scientists identified the White House ’s Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) as the primary culprit .
“ Currently , OMB is allowed to force or make changes as they want , and rules are held hostage until this happens , ” said a scientist at the agency ’s Office of Air and Radiation .
“ OMB ’s power needs to be checked as time after time they weaken rulemakings and policy decisions to favor industry . ”
“ OMB and the White House have , in some cases , compromised the integrity of EPA rules and policies ; their influence , largely hidden from the public and driven by industry lobbying , has decreased the stringency of proposed regulations for non-scientific , political reasons , ” said a scientist from one of the agency ’s regional offices .
“ Because the real reasons ca n’t be stated , the regulations contain a scientific rationale with little or no merit . ” …
“ They [ OMB ] … have inappropriately stopped agency work that has been in progress for years due to their lack of scientific understanding , ” said a scientist at the agency ’s Office of Research and Development .
The UCS investigation also revealed that EPA scientists cannot freely communicate their findings to the media , public or colleagues ( 783 respondents , 51 percent , said EPA policies prevent scientists from speaking freely to the news media about their findings ) .
Scientists also shared anecdotes about being barred from presenting their research at conferences and their difficulties clearing research publication articles with EPA managers .
Julia Whitty is Mother Jones ’ environmental correspondent , lecturer , and 2008 winner of the Kiriyama Prize and the John Burroughs Medal Award .
You can read from her new book , The Fragile Edge , and other writings , here .
A £ 1 million grant has been awarded to British scientists to find out if a robot can safely stir soup in a kitchen , it emerged today .
If the experiment funded by the European Commission is successful researchers believe it could pave the way for the introducion of ' thinking ' service robots in society .
A spokeswoman for Bristol Robotics Lab , where the tests will be carried out , said today : " It will specifically look at the problems of a human and a robot working together in the same space , for example in a kitchen where the service robot is performing a task such as stirring soup , while you add cream . "
Lab director Professor Chris Melhuish explained : " When we interact with other humans we are interpreting facial expression , body position , gestures , tone of voice as well as sharing a goal and understanding and following verbal instructions .
" For example in the soup situation , not only does the robot need to know what the goal is but he also needs to know how hard to stir the soup , what it means when you hold up your hand to say enough , to interpret the look of pain on your face if you accidentally get splashed with hot soup , and to stop stirring when told .
" This project aims to develop the rules we need to introduce this level of sophistication into service robots who are working closely with people . "
Professor Melhuish said robots working in manufacturing are kept behind barriers for safety reasons - a measure that is not practical in the kitchen .
He said : " If we can provide the ' thinking ' necessary for safe robot human co-operation in the same physical space then this will enable significant advancement in this area , and we will be a step closer to having service robots in society . "
The Co-operative Human Robot Interaction Systems project is a collaboration between robotic engineers , cognitive scientists , and psychologists from West of England and Bristol universities .
“ Travelling Without Footprints , ” is a video series exploring carbon - friendly travel experiences .
In this first installment , former Traveler researcher Ali Ogden takes us to the Proximity Hotel in Greensboro , North Carolina , where owner Dennis Quaintance shows us what it takes to make a hotel green as he works toward achieving LEED Platinum status .
His notion is that you do n’t have to sacrifice comfort for conscience .
Watch as he shows
Ali the hotel 's solar panels ( look out for hot pipes ! ) , waterless urinals , and more ...
Travelling Without Footprints is produced by Ali Ogden and Chris Keener .
Subscribe to this blog 's feed
I called the 800 number and was connected to a very nice gal .
She was very polite and asked for my name , address and phone number .
She promised to send a " Gold Kit " .
A few days later , their package arrived .
It was a business reply envelope , a thick plastic bag , and a brochure about the gold recycling .
I was ready to go !
Actually , I was a little disappointed , because I wanted to write an article about how incredibly terrible their offering price is .
Unfortunately , they do n't actually tell you how much they pay for used gold .
" There are things that end up there , especially if you are young and you are going out to parties and getting drunk and then decide to take a few pictures and put them on social networking sites , " he said at Google 's Zeitgeist conference in Chandler 's Cross , Herts .
" These things pop up and may haunt you for days , months or even years later .
We go through a huge amount of effort to protect people 's private data . "
Matthew Lesko :
Does the economy have your budget down in the dumps ?
Then your budget just needs to be stipulated , perhaps in the form of free money from the government .
For the last seven years I have been working on the biggest free money program in the history of America .
I have been submitting all the paperwork to get every working American free money .
I went through all the W - 2s , the online dating profiles , the personal records and even Facebook profiles of every working American all to get you free money .
How do I get it ?
Here is how .
If you have a valid Social Security Number and $ 3000 of income and you have filled out your 2007 tax return you qualify .
The IRS takes care of the rest .
Individuals can receive up to a $ 600 and married couples up to $ 1200 of free money .
Speaker :
But when will I get it ?
Matthew Lesko :
Here are the dates .
If your tax return was direct deposited to your account and your Social Security Number ends in 00 - 20 it 's deposited May 2nd .
Social Security Numbers ending in 21 - 75 you get it May 9th , 76 - 99 you get it May 16th .
If you get a paper check for your return you will also be getting a check mailed to you for your free money .
Social Security Numbers ending in 00 -09 your check will be mailed by May 16th .
For numbers ending in 10 - 18 they will be mailed by 23rd , 19 - 25 by May 30th and 26 - 38 by June 6th and vis-s - vis 39 - 51 June 13th and 52 - 63 June 20th and 64 - 75 the 27th of June and listen the 76 - 87 numbers they get it on July 4th .
This is America 's Independence Day . and for 88 - 99 it 's July 11th .
For any questions go to www.irs.gov.
Speaker : I just got my free money but now what do I do with it ?
Matthew Lesko :
Use your free money to buy a new car .
Speaker : Sweet .
Matthew Lesko :
Or how about a brand new house ?
Speaker :
It 's a live - in .
Matthew Lesko :
Or ever better a great book by a talented author and learn how to get more free money .
Speaker : Thanks Mr. Lesko .
Matthew Lesko :
You are welcome America , you have been stimulated .
Speaker : Matthew Lesko did not actually have any part in developing our Economics Stimulus Package .
However the provided information on dates and payments is correct and was taken directly from IRS website .
Please go to www.irs.gov for more information .
Enjoy your free money America .
Ferraro : Obama should be thanking me for comments David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published : Wednesday March 12 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Geraldine Ferraro says her comments on Barack Obama 's race being the primary reason for his success in the presidential campaign are being " spun " as racist , and she says he should be thanking her for the comments .
Rather than retreat from her seemingly foot - in - mouth comments , the former New York City lawmaker has decided to go on offense .
Ferraro has claimed her words were taken out of context and has decried being painted as racist by some .
" The spin on the words has been that somehow I was addressing the his qualifications .
I was not , " Ferraro said Wednesday on ABC 's Good Morning America .
" I was celebrating the fact that the black community in this country came out with a pride in a historic candidacy , and has shown itself at the polls .
You 'd think he'd say , ' Yeah thank you for doing that .
... we want to say thank you to the community . '
Instead I 'm charged with being a racist . "
The latest dust - up over whether Clinton supporters are inappropriately inserting race into the campaign began with Ferraro 's comments to a small California newspaper last Friday .
In an exchange with a " decidedly bitter edge " Ferraro said , " If Obama was a white man , he would not be in this position . "
The same day she repeated the sentiment to conservative talk radio host John Gibson but denied she was playing " the race card . "
Clinton said she disagreed with Ferraro 's comments , but there 's been no effort from the campaign to remove Ferraro from its finance committee .
Ferraro has raised at least $ 100,000 for Clinton .
Standing by her comments -- " I believe that , " she said -- Ferraro tried to put into context how her observation ended up in the newspaper .
" I was asked after the speech , ' What is the reason that you see that Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are at this level together ? ' " she said .
" Could I have said because his experience is what puts him there ?
No .
Could I say because the stands on issues have distinction ?
No . "
Ferraro was the first woman on a major party White House ticket when she was picked as Walter Mondale 's running mate in the 1984 campaign .
On ABC Wednesday , she acknowledged that if not for her gender , she would not have been picked as the Democratic vice presidential nominee , even though she said she was qualified for the job .
During the 1984 campaign , Ferraro made similar comments about Jesse Jackson , who was running for president that year .
Neither Obama nor his campaign specifically accused Ferraro of " racism , " but his campaign strategist David Axelrod said Tuesday that the comments were " offensive " and signaled an " anything goes campaign . "
He also noted previous instances of Clinton surrogates ' questionable comments and Clinton 's hedged answer when asked about Obama 's religion .
Obama made the rounds of network morning shows Wednesday , a day after he won the Mississippi primary by a wide margin .
He accused Clinton 's campaign of engaging in divisive politics and noted that his own advisers and surrogates have left the campaign after making inappropriate remarks .
He told ABC he respected Ferraro but he disputed the implication of her comments .
" I think if anybody was looking for the quickest path to the presidency , they would not say , ' I want to be an African - American man named Barack Obama , ' " he said .
" I do n't think that 's in the handbook for running for president . "
This video is from ABC's Good Morning America , broadcast March 12 , 2008 .
Slide 1 of 12 ,
As Senator Barack Obama 's rallies have swelled in size , his security has increased , coming close to rivaling that given to a sitting president .
This Secret Service agent never took his eyes off the crowd during a rally in Orangeburg , S.C .
Damon Winter / The New York Times
MOSCOW  A Moscow court sentenced an American pastor to more than three years in prison on Monday for illegally bringing a box of hunting ammunition into Russia .
The pastor , Phillip H. Miles , an evangelist from the Christ Community Church in Conway , South Carolina , had been held in prison since his arrest on Feb .
3 .
He was charged with failing to declare a $ 25 box of hunting rounds .
He intended to give the bullets as a gift to a fellow pastor and hunting enthusiast in Perm , a city in the Ural Mountains region in Russia ’s center , where he was involved in missionary work .
For this , Judge Olga Drozdova of the Golovinsky District Court sentenced Mr. Miles to three years and two months in prison , despite testimony attesting to his many years of service in Russia and an impassioned 30 - minute plea for clemency delivered by Mr. Miles himself in court on Friday .
This is an impression of the completely deployed MARSIS experiment on board ESA 's Mars Express orbiter .
Its two 20 - metre booms and the 7 - metre booms are sprung out and locked into place .
The MARSIS experiment will map the Martian sub - surface structure to a depth of a few kilometres .
Thisstory was updated on May 7 , 2008 .
Aspace - based radar aboard a European Mars probe could help peer beneath thesurface of Earth 's ice sheets , not to mention the frozen extraterrestrial seasof moons like Europa and Titan .
The spaceradar would take its cue from the Mars Advanced Radar for Subsurface and Ionosphere Sounding ( MARSIS ) instrument , which has probed the RedPlanet 's underground for evidence of water from the European Space Agency ? s( ESA ) MarsExpress spacecraft .
" I washaving discussions with scientists from MARSIS , and I saw that what they haddone could be applicable to Earth , " said Florence Heliere , the ESA technicalmanager heading the concept study .
MarsExpress wields a 131 - foot ( 40 - meter ) long MARSISantenna boom that dwarfs the spacecraft 's six - foot wide span , like a giantwhiplash antenna on a tiny car .
That main antenna pings the Martian surfacewith radar to try and detect underground water , but also receives a lot ofunwanted clutter signals from the Martian surface and surrounding undergroundlayers .
A second , smaller antenna detects only the scattered clutter signals that do not comefrom the target area directly below Mars Express .
Scientists couldtheoretically subtract the clutter signals from the main antenna signal to getthe true target reading , but the Mars Express team ultimately drew up adifferent solution that did not require the second antenna .
Still , the Mars dryrun has inspired the early development of the Advanced Concept for RadarSounder ( ACRAS ) that will set its initial sights on Earth ?s Antarctic icesheets .
" Antarcticais an area where the ice is cold and dry , so you can penetrate up to 3 - 4 kilometers ( 1.8 - 2.5 miles ) within the ice , " Heliere told SPACE.com .
Continuousobservation by ACRAS would help estimate the thickness of the Antarctic andother polar locations , as well as determine the three - dimensional internalstructure of the ice sheets .
Climate modelers could use data from the tool toget a better idea of how the ice sheets change over time as ice melts andreforms .
But theACRAS team faces several hurdles in adapting space - based radar technologydeveloped for Mars into an Earth - observing tool .
First , the Mars Express radar works between 1.3 and 5 MHz on the electromagnetic spectrum , but international regulations only give bandwidth around 435 MHz for Earthobservation .
Scientists typically observe the Earth with airborne or otherradar systems that use around 60 MHz or 150 MHz , but Heliere hopes to test the435 MHz system through airborne trial runs starting next week .
Anotherchallenge has been wrestling with the clutter signals from a target ?s regionalsurroundings .
ACRAS will use a solution similar to MARSIS to screen outunwanted clutter from the cross - track direction , or at right angles to thedirection of travel of its parent spacecraft .
Although MARSIS used a secondaryantenna to pick up clutter signals , ACRAS will use just one antenna that cansend out and receive several different radar signals , Heliere noted .
A differentsolution will screen out clutter coming from the direction of the spacecraft ' sline of travel , taking advantage of the Doppler Effect where returning signalsmeet the spacecraft flying head - on in their direction and appear to condense .
The same effect causes the drop in an ambulance siren's wail as the vehiclespeeds past , and would allow scientists to pick out the clutter in the signals .
The thirdchallenge involves addressing distortion of the radar signal from the upperpart of the Earth 's atmosphere , called the ionosphere .
The German Space Agency ( DLR ) has developed an autofocus technique that supposedly deals withionosphere distortion , and will publish results of their test simulations inthe near future , according to Heliere .
ACRAS couldsee action by 2015 onboard ESA 's Biomass Explorer mission , assuming thatsatellite gets the green light , Heliere said .
More distant possibilitiesinclude deploying the radar to Jupiter ' smoon Europa or Saturn 'smoon Titan , with each suspected of harboringoceans beneath their frozen crusts .
" This [ couldbe ] applicable to Titan , Europa or Mars again to improve the capabilities ofradar sounding , " Heliere said .
" I originally worked on Earth as themain subject , so [ looking at MARSIS ] has opened doors to other things . "
Imagine a world where every online store sells DRM - free music encoded in open licensable formats .
In such a world , any player can play music purchased from any store , and any store can sell music which is playable on all players .
This is clearly the best alternative for consumers , and Apple would embrace it in a heartbeat .
If the big four music companies would license Apple their music without the requirement that it be protected with a DRM , we would switch to selling only DRM - free music on our iTunes store .
Every iPod ever made will play this DRM - free music .
Update :
Thanks for the links , John and Jeff .
I spotted an interesting idea in the comments on Jeff ’s post : the labels may not succeed in breaking iPod , but if they can break iTMS , they might be able to salvage the ability to set arbitrary prices .
One of the things they really hate about iTMS ( alongside letting you burn your own CDs , transfer the music between computers , and share your music over a LAN ) is that all music costs exactly the same .
Breaking iTMS will restore the biggest weapons they have against artists .
That has been discussed before , I recall Joel Spolsky ’s Price as Signal .
Let ’s say you would like to listen to one of the most amazing performances ever made , Glenn Gould ’s 1981 recording of Bach ’s Goldberg Variations .
And let ’s say you have figured out the DRM is a really terrible idea , so you would like the hear it on high - quality MP3s .
The good news is that there are a number of places to legally purchase the right to download DRM - free MP3s .
Lots of music from the major labels is available on Amazon , and it costs the same or less per track than Apple ’s iTunes Music Store ( “ iTMS ” ) , and you can find more DRM - free tracks on Amazon than on iTMS .
For example , Bach : Goldberg Variations , BWV 988 on 256 - bit DRM - free MP3 is just $ 9.99 from Amazon .
The same album is also $ 9.99 from Apple , but you get DRM .
And there are tons of tracks on Amazon that are actually less expensive than on iTMS , so you get better music for less money without the DRM hassle .
So is Apple screwing the customers ?
In a word , no .
The reason you can find more music on Amazon at a lower price is that the Record Labels want it that way .
Do you think they charge Apple and Amazon the same price for each track and Apple simply charges you more and pockets the difference as a higher markup ?
The labels would like you to think that , but they actually charge Amazon less for each track , and that ’s how Amazon can charge you less .
Do you think Apple insists on the DRM but Amazon has the vision to see that the future of music is DRM - free ?
Do you think Jeff Bezos is a better negotiator and he was able to get a better price per track than Steve Jobs ?
Without putting up with DRM ?
Really ?
How does that work , when iTMS is now the third - largest music retailer in the United States ?
How does the lower - volume store get better selection with fewer hassles and negotiate lower prices from its suppliers ?
When Steve Ballmer — not an easy man to intimidate — asked them for music to put in his Zune marketplace , these nice people extorted a $ 5 tax on each Zune sold from him .
So how did Amazon get such a sweet deal ?
Price fixing is how .
The major labels want nothing more than to break Apple ’s dominance of the digital music business .
They spin it as a good thing .
More retailers means more competition , which is good for consumers .
But let me ask you : if Amazon selling music for 89 cents a track is good for consumers , why is n’t iTMS also selling music for 89 cents a track good for consumers ?
It would be good for consumers , but it would n’t be good for the music labels .
The reason it would n’t be good for the music labels is that they really do n’t want consumers paying 89 cents a track for DRM - free music .
They want consumers to stop using iPods and start using devices with DRM that the labels can control .
They want consumers using devices in proprietary silos like old - fashioned cell phones , where you pay for the track , you pay for the bits transferred over the air , and then you pay all over again when you want to use a few seconds of the track as a ring tone .
As soon as they can break this pesky iPod-iTMS - iPhone nonsense , the labels want to get back to dictating what you pay and how often you pay .
The labels want to do business with people like Microsoft .
Microsoft gets it : all the people who bought music using MSN music ?
They can buy it all over again at the Zune store .
Do you think that the MP3 genie is out of the bottle and will never go back ?
You have n’t been paying attention to digital video media .
The movie folks have succeeded in making DRM a standard for movies on DVD , and it is even worse on BlueRay .
Have you seen the hoops a Microsoft PC has to go through to play video these days ?
Each piece of hardware has to promise to be a good boy and not let you actually do anything with the bits without permission .
The movies people have imposed harsher DRM on movies , and the music labels like the look of that .
The only — I repeat only — reason the labels allow competing stores to have DRM - free tracks is that it ’s the only way to get music onto an iPod .
Think about that for a moment : Apple ’s dominance of the music player business is the actual reason you can buy a DRM - free track from Amazon .
If anybody else had a substantial chunk of the player market , the labels would be busy trying to make the other player ’s DRM the standard .
I know , you ’re going to bring up Apple ’s DRM .
Let me ask you a question : who do you think wanted DRM on iPods ?
Apple ?
Do n’t make me laugh .
Apple built a nice little business selling iMacs using the slogan “ Rip. Mix . Burn . ”
They would love to keep building their nice little iPod business on the back of DRM - free music .
Think about this :
If you buy a 32 GB Apple iPod touch from Amazon for $ 472.54 , do you think Steve Jobs stays awake all night worrying about whether you will buy tracks from Apple or from Amazon ?
If you answered yes , then you understand that Apple would be delighted to offer DRM - free music for the same price as Amazon .
Or even less , since the profit selling you an iPod can subsidize their on - line store .
I personally answered “ no , ” because in my opinion , there are only three threats to Apple ”s iPod business : Someone will actually out - design a music player and make that is actually better designed , cell phones will become the dominant music players , or someone else establishes a DRM standard that locks Apple out of playing downloaded music .
I am not going to worry about anyone making nicer music players , I think we see what Apple is doing about the cell phone business , and now we understand what Apple is doing about the DRM business :
If nobody can establish a DRM business , if nobody can lock you into one player , then nobody can take the music business away from Apple simply by getting into a back room and doing secret , monopolistic deals .
I ’m looking at you , Sony and Microsoft .
If the whole world has DRM - free music , you have to compete with iPod by building better music players .
Sony , at least , has a chance .
And if the whole world can sell DRM - free music , then Amazon and the like would have to compete with iTMS by building a better music store .
Except , of course , they do n’t have to compete with iTMS because the labels are colluding to place Apple at a disadvantage .
It ’s delightful that for the moment , we have a choice of where to buy DRM - free music .
It ’s wonderful that today , we can legally purchase the right to listen to a lot of major label music on DRM - free MP3s .
But let ’s not kid ourselves .
If the labels break Apple , this will not last .
The genie will go right back into the bottle .
Buy what you like , where you like .
But remember why things are the way they are .
Apple is more expensive than Amazon because the labels want you listening to music on a Zune .
Check out some useful tips and tricks on how you can turn your TV into a personal dashboard using Google Chromecast .
It ’s pretty cool to see that Chromecast can be a great multitasking tool .
You can turn your TV into a dashboard that will be able to include features such as your calendar , daily news , important notes , weather updates and more .
All you need in order to be able to enjoy all this is obviously Chromecast and to install the Dashboard Cast app on your mobile device .
You do n’t even need a smart TV , but you do need a HDMI input .
So , let ’s get started !
Add items to your dashboard
Begin by installing the Dashboard Cast on your phone to be able to manage the widgets in your dashboard from this app .
Start adding items by tapping on the blue icon “ + ” from the right corner of your screen .
As we said before , you ’ll be able to set up a calendar or to add an option that activates your personal notes so they can alert you about important info throughout the day .
Customizing your dashboard
You can rearrange your widgets by touching the side menu that it indicated by the three dots .
Then , select “ Reorder widgets ” and start pressing and dragging each widget in your desired order .
Tap the tick from the top of your screen to finalize the process .
You can update your dashboard ’s appearance from “ Theme ” in the side menu .
You can choose the background , the widget background opacity , and the fonts .
You can also change the structure of the widgets from the “ Layout ” setting , and you can choose the background from under “ Backgrounds ” .
You can activate the options that you want to be able to access on the dashboard from the “ Collections ” tab .
When your dashboard is all nice and set , you ’re going to be able to start streaming after you make sure that both Chromecast and your smartphone are connected to the same WiFi network .
Have fun !
The first Code Red attack exploits buffer - overflow vulnerabilities in unpatched Microsoft Internet Information Servers , infects an estimated 395,000 computers in one day alone , defaces Web sites and launches Trojan code in a denial - of - service attack against fixed IP addresses , including the White House and Microsoft .
The event prompts the director of the FBI 's National Infrastructure Protection Center to hold a press conference .
A few weeks later , Code Red II surfaces as a variant that tries to infect computers on the same subnet .
The Code red assaults raises awareness about patching and pave the way for future worms : SQL Slammer , Blaster , Sobig , Sasser , Netsky and Witty .
CERT advisory on Code Red
-- Posted Friday , 16 May 2008 | Digg This Article | Source : GoldSeek.com
From Bloomberg.com we learn the ugly news about inflation in England , as " Prices charged by factories rose 7.5 percent from a year earlier , the most since records began two decades ago , the Office for National Statistics said . "
Yow !
The most in twenty years !
And as bad as 7.5 % inflation is , when exhibited over the course of a year , it gets a lot worse when they go on , " On the month , prices increased 1.4 percent , also the fastest pace on record . "
1.4 % in one freaking month !
My hands shook and I tasted blood in my mouth at the horror of even contemplating simply multiplying a monthly inflation of 1.4 % times 12 months to annualize that kind of inflation , completely ignoring the compounding effect , as I am sure that the answer would be very , very , very upsetting to a guy who fears inflation the way that I do , and the way you should , and would , too , if you could but realize that the horror of Zimbabwe 's situation today is our future tomorrow , and for the same reasons .
Fortunately , I did not have to do any work or even pretend to fruitlessly look for my calculator to stall for time , as Martin and Mike at Weiss Research burst breathlessly into the room and said , " The government has just announced that U.S. import prices have surged 15.4 % compared to last year - rising at an annualized rate of 21.6 % based on April surge alone . "
I naturally jump to the conclusion that this is the worst inflation in U.S. history , and that it is time to seal myself into the Impregnable Mogambo Bunker ( IMB ) and shoot at anything that moves because the economic sky has fallen , and from now on it is now dog - eat - dog and might - makes - right .
Martin and Mike just laugh at me for my bizarre paranoia , and say that this is probably not the worst inflation in U.S. history , although they will admit , " This is the worst import price inflation in the history of the data series , which goes back to 1982 . "
The worst inflation in 26 years !
At least !!
And maybe the worst of all time !!!
And getting worse !!!!
Gaaaahhhh !!!!!
Bloomberg ignores my exclamation - point - laden - crescendo call to " Head for the bunkers ! " , and calmly goes on to report that " All 10 categories of producer prices rose on the month and on the year " , and that " Food prices rose an annual 9.3 percent , the most since records began . "
The most since records began !
I 'm freaking out here !
As bad as this is , we have the comforting news that the Brits have proven that they are as dull - witted as we Americans , and Bloomberg says that they have swallowed the fiction of " So - called core producer prices " which , like the foul fiction that we likewise call the " core " Consumer Price Index , excludes " food , beverages , tobacco and petroleum , " and even with that truncation , that corrupted index of British inflation " rose 4.6 percent in April from a year earlier , the most since 1995 . "
Even farther back in the production process , Bloomberg reports that the Brits ' statistics office reported , " Raw material costs " rose " 2.4 percent on the month and 23.3 percent on the year .
That was the biggest annual gain since records began . "
My head is spinning !
23 % increase in prices !
I know that you are , like me , getting really freaked out about 23.3 % inflation in raw material prices , but that you are , like me , a real American , and thus you are sick of hearing about the stupid British , and sick of hearing about all other people who are not Americans , and you really just want to know about the situation at the center of our American - centric universe , particularly as regards you and me , by which I mean , of course , me .
Screw you , too .
In that regard , if you are , again like me , buying gold , silver , oil and commodities in general so that we can be able to buy food no matter how pricey it becomes , then we will be okay , but everybody else will be hungry and whining , especially since
The Financial Times reports that " a chart from Morgan Stanley of agricultural prices over the past century shows that in real terms , prices are nearer the bottom of the range than the top . "
And perhaps as a glimpse at our future , Bloomberg.com reports that in China 's statistic bureau reported that Chinese " Consumer prices rose 8.5 percent in April from a year earlier driven by food costs . "
They were , fortunately , mum about inflation in Zimbabwe , but at an estimated 300,000 % inflation rate , what does it really matter anymore to them ?
Hahaha !
Welcome to the hell of inflation !
P.S. To get The Daily Reckoning sent directly to your inbox , sign up for our free email newsletter , or if you prefer to use RSS , subscribe to the Daily Reckoning RSS feed .
Editor 's Note : Richard Daughty is general partner and COO for Smith Consultant Group , serving the financial and medical communities , and the editor of The Mogambo Guru economic newsletter - an avocational exercise to heap disrespect on those who desperately deserve it .
The Mogambo Guru is quoted frequently in Barron's , The Daily Reckoning and other fine publications .
Click here to visit the Mogambo archive page .
-- Posted Friday , 16 May 2008 | Digg This Article | Source : GoldSeek.com
Visit The Daily Reckoning 's website .
Previous Articles by Richard Daughty
WASHINGTON  Senator Barack Obama is starring in a growing number of campaign commercials , but the latest batch is being underwritten by Republicans .
In a sign that the racial , class and values issues simmering in the presidential campaign could spread into the larger political arena , Republican groups are turning recent bumps in Mr. Obama ’s road  notably his comment that small - town Americans “ cling ” to guns and religion out of bitterness and a fiery speech by his former minister in which he condemned the United States  into attacks against Democrats down the ticket .
“ The public , week by week , is becoming more familiar with his big - government , far - left vision for America , ” said Ed Patru , a spokesman for Freedom ’s Watch , an advocacy organization that is portraying Mr. Obama as ultraliberal in an advertisement running in Louisiana before a special election for a House seat .
Republicans say the new focus on Mr. Obama reflects their view that he remains the more likely Democratic presidential nominee since he continues to lead Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton in convention delegates .
It also shows that Republicans , who have for months characterized Mrs. Clinton as the contender who would most energize Republican voters , now see vulnerabilities in Mr. Obama that could be liabilities for other Democrats on the ballot .
It ’s very hard to write your own resume because a resume is a macro view of your life , but you live your life at the micro level , obsessing about daily details that have no bearing on your resume .
So I recommend to a lot of people that they hire someone to help them .
After all , spending money on a resume writer is one of the few expenditures that will have good return right away .
But some of you will be able to do a decent job rewriting your resume on your own .
The first thing you ’ll have to do is make some mental shifts .
You need to rethink the goals of a resume , and rethink the rules of a resume in order to approach the project like the best of the resume professionals .
Here are three ideas that guide professional resume writers and should guide you as well :
1 . Do n’t focus on your responsibilities , focus on what you achieved .
A resume is not your life story .
No one cares .
If your life story were so interesting , you ’d have a book deal .
The only things that should be on your resume are achievements .
Anyone can do their job , but only a small percentage of the population can do their job well , wherever they go .
The best way to show that you did your job well is from achievements .
The best achievement is a promotion .
It is an objective way to show that you impressed the people you work for .
The next best way to show objective measures is to present quantified achievements .
Most people do not think in terms of quantified achievements when they are in the job , but on the resume , that ’s the only part of the job that matters .
No one can see that you were a “ good team player ” on your resume unless you can say “ established a team to solve problem x and increased sales x % ” or “ joined under - performing team and helped that team beat production delivery dates by three weeks . ”
If you are only putting achievements on your resume , you are going to be hard - pressed to fill a whole page .
That ’s okay .
Anything on your resume that is not an achievement is wasting space .
Because you do n’t know what a hiring manager will look at first — and if you have ten good achievements and three mediocre lines about your life story , the hiring manager may only read those three lines — so remove them .
2 . Do n’t make your resume a moral statement ; it ’s a marketing document .
Think about when a company announced the launch of their product .
First of all , the product is not done .
Second of all , it has bugs .
And third , the company is probably showing photos of prototypes and the real thing will look different .
All this stuff is fine .
It ’s accepted practice for marketing .
The company will tell you that they are doing their best to get you the information you want in the way they think is best for letting you know what your consumer options are .
You need to take the same approach with your resume , because a resume is a marketing document .
The best marketing documents show the product in the very best light , which means using whatever most outrageous tactics possible to make you look good .
As long as you are not lying , you will be fine .
Here ’s an example :
You join a software company that just launched a product and the product had so many problems that they had to hire someone to handle the calls .
You start doing the tech support , and you work tons of overtime because the calls are so backed up .
You clean up the phone queue and then you start taking long lunches because there ’s not a lot to do , and then you start job hunting because the job is boring .
Here ’s how you summarize this job on your resume : Assumed management responsibility for tech support and decreased call volume 20 % .
How do you know 20 % ?
Who knows ?
It was probably more .
But you ca n’t quantify exactly , so err on the safe side .
But if you just say “ Did tech support for a software company ” no one knows you did a good job .
There is a fine art of almost - lying - but - not - lying on a resume .
You need to talk about it a lot in order to know where you fall on the spectrum .
Here is a sample of my own family discussions about what is lying and what is n’t .
3 . Do n’t give everything away in the resume .
The idea of a resume is to get someone to call you .
Talk with you on the phone .
Offer you an interview .
So a resume is like a first date .
You only show your best stuff and you do n’t show it all .
Some people dump everything they can think of onto their resume , but a resume is not the only chance you ’ll have to sell yourself .
In fact the interview is where the hard - core selling takes place .
So you only put your very best achievements on the resume .
Sure , there will be other questions people will want answers to , but that will make them call you .
And that ’s good , right ?
For those of you who ca n’t bear to take off the twenty extra lines on your resume because you think the interviewer has to see every single thing about you right away , consider that we have statistics to show that people do n’t want to know everything up front .
It does not make for a good match .
Of people who got married , only 3 % had sex on the first date .
Foreclosure surge a cash cow for professional squatters Reuters
Published : Sunday May 18 , 2008
|
Print This Email This By Jason Szep BROCKTON , Massachusetts ( Reuters ) -
They enter through a broken first - floor window each night to sleep on a moldy bed in the abandoned four - family house at 827 Main Street , part of a new generation of squatters emboldened by America 's housing foreclosure crisis .
" For squatters , foreclosed homes like this are like a camp - ground with free camping , " says real - estate broker Marc Charney , a foreclosure specialist , as he enters the home in Brockton , Massachusetts , and shines a flash - light at a mattress where homeless people have been sleeping each night .
Squatting is on the rise across the United States as foreclosures surge , eviction notices mount and homes go unsold for months , complicating the worst U.S. housing slump in a quarter century and forcing real - estate brokers to enlist the help of law enforcement and courts to sell empty houses .
In some regions , squatting is taking on new twists to include real - estate scams in which thieves " rent out " abandoned homes they do n't own .
Others involve " professional squatters " who move from one abandoned home to another posing as tenants who seek cash from banks as a condition to leave the premises -- a process known by real - estate brokers as " cash for key . "
" There are people who move in and know exactly who to contact and say ' If you want this house , why do n't you come out here and offer me cash , ' " said Detective Erin Camphouse of the Los Angeles Police Department 's Real Estate Fraud Unit .
" It 's just cheaper for the banks to do that rather than going into the courts , " she said .
" The squatters are getting sophisticated and turning it on these banks who own the properties . "
She cited another case in which a Los Angeles man recently " leased " three abandoned homes to unsuspecting renters through Craig 's List , the online classified advertising company .
The renters paid first and last month deposits , moved their belongings in and lived in the homes for several months .
" In one case , there were loose ends of rehab on the house that needed to be done and the crook was n't coming through or was n't completing it .
So they offered to do it instead of paying rent .
They put down tiles and carpet and all that kind of stuff .
And it was n't until the sheriff put the lockout notice on the door that they realized something was wrong . "
POSING AS TENANTS New Jersey real - estate broker Bill Flagg is in a different type of legal tussle with occupants of a foreclosed home who refuse to leave in Plainfield , a city of 47,829 people .
" We know the people are squatters .
But we have had the cops there .
We had the electricity shut off and the cops would n't put the people out .
We have to go to court to get them out .
They claim to be tenants , " Flagg said .
Such cases of squatters posing as tenants are on the rise , said Bill Collins , president of the New Jersey chapter of the National Association of Real Estate Brokers .
" These people claim that they have a lease but they can't find it .
And the property owner has been removed from the property or been foreclosed on , so they have no interest in confirming if this person is a valid tenant , " he said .
" So now you have squatters who are assuming that they are tenants and have rights to some degree to stay in the property until we can go through the court system to get them out .
" And they have caught wind that what most of these banks are doing is giving cash for keys , so cash for eviction -- anywhere from $ 1,000 to $ 1,500 .
So here you have a squatter who goes into a property , takes up residence , tells you that he is a tenant , goes to court and says that he is a tenant .
" Who can prove otherwise ? " California real - estate broker Steve Smallson said he finds about three squatting cases a month , compared to none last year , in his region of Woodland Hills , a middle - class district of Los Angeles .
That includes a case in April involving a foreclosed home worth $ 1 million where police were called after neighbors reported squatters filming pornography in the house .
The problem is compounded in some states by the weakening economy and its effects on America 's homeless , who number about 744,000 each night according to the National Alliance to End Homelessness , an advocacy organization in Washington .
" The rise of squatting is a natural consequence of these properties sitting there empty caused by the whole foreclosure crisis , " said Steve Berg , a vice president at the alliance .
( Reporting by Jason Szep ; Editing by Eddie Evans )
The ease of video production has greatly expanded the academic world 's ability to communicate , and has been used successfully as a supplement to the classroom experience .
Most people who have taught in the college environment , however , would argue that there are limits to what can be accomplished outside the classroom environment .
Alex Juhasz , a professor of media studies at Pitzer College , decided to explore those limits in detail by holding a class on YouTube entirely within the confines of YouTube 's video and comment systems .
It would be easy to dismiss this as a gimmick or publicity stunt , but Juhasz 's analysis of the experience provides a good perspective on what 's provided by the classroom experience in an era of distance learning and easily accessed podcasts of entire courses .
The key features of a class , as she sees it , involve an interaction among the students , controlled and directed by the professor , that relies on preexisting communications skills .
Juhasz breaks the issues down into a set of what she refers to as " binaries " — tensions between opposites that have to be balanced for proper teaching .
One is the tension between entertainment and education .
Although she recognizes that a teacher has to entertain her students to a degree , Juhasz suggest that video shifts the balance heavily towards the entertainment end of the spectrum , a shift that has a number of causes and corollaries .
One of these is the loss of the balance between amateur and expert .
In an entertainment - focused medium , being entertaining is more important than being right , which means the voices of amateurs with excellent video skills can drown out the voices of those who know what they 're talking about , including the professor .
Professor Juhasz faces the camera
The entertainment focus also failed her students in that it limited their ability to take part in class discussions .
Normally , student communications take place via written and oral skills , which most college students have extensive exposure to and skill with .
The visual culture of YouTube requires a communications skillset that few possess , which limited student contributions to class .
YouTube 's comment feature , which limits text to 500 characters , was no substitute ; as one student put it , it " favors inflammatory content . "
Getting back to expert contributions , Juhasz felt that the lack of a physical presence in a classroom setting diluted her role as an expert , reducing her to just another figure with limited video skills .
That also limited her ability to act as an authority figure , one that plays an essential role in keeping the discussion from degenerating into chaos .
And chaos did arrive , courtesy of the final binary Juhasz felt was challenged by YouTube , the one between the public and the privacy of the classroom .
As various news organizations picked up on her experiment , YouTubers invaded the classroom — by the time it wrapped up , the class '
YouTube group had over 200 members , with random individuals drastically outnumbering the students present .
The end result was that their comments and contributions sometimes overwhelmed those of the students , while the students were faced with having their classroom ideas judged not simply by their peers , but by a far wider audience .
It 's clear that most efforts to take the classroom online will never take such an extreme approach , but the class seems to have provided helpful guidance for those experimenting with shifting the boundaries of the classroom experience .
Shift the boundaries too far , and the evaluation may wind up as damning as that of one of Juhasz 's students : " as of now , I am still underwhelmed . "
Further viewing :
Juhasz 's YouTube page .
US Government Facing Fiscal Armageddon - US Dollar in Deep Trouble
When a president tells you the economy 's OK and wannabe presidents tell you it 's a disaster ... or when Wall Street pundits change their story almost daily ...
I can understand how it may be tough to know what to believe ... and even tougher to decide what to do .
But when three respected government agencies put out reports and data that unanimously lead to the same conclusion about the most important factor in your financial future , there 's no room for disbelief , no excuse for inaction .
That 's precisely the situation we have today :
Three non-political , fact - based government reports point to a single outcome : A long - term decline in the U.S. dollar .
This is not to say the dollar will fall in a straight line .
Quite the contrary , as Jack Crooks has correctly pointed out , dollar rallies are inevitable and some may not be trivial .
But the big picture for the dollar is clear : Down .
My Two Committments
I 'm committed to doing everything in my power to help support the U.S. dollar .
And in the interim , I 'm equally committed to helping you protect yourself from the consequences of its decline .
That 's why I'm Chairman of the Sound Dollar Committee , a nonprofit , non-partisan organization that was instrumental in helping President Dwight D. Eisenhower balance the federal budget in 1959 , the last truly balanced budget in American history .
That 's why I 've been warning you so persistently about the fundamental threats to the U.S. dollar today .
And that 's why , right now , I want to lead you on a step - by - step tour of the three government reports .
They unlock the key to our future as a nation .
Plus , they provide some revealing secrets for your success as an investor .
Report # 1
GAO Predicts U.S. Government Faces Fiscal Armageddon
The U.S. Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) — the auditing arm of the U.S. Congress — warns that the nation 's deficits and debts are now so overwhelming , America may face fiscal Armageddon .
Unfortunately , the warning has fallen on deaf ears — so much so that long - time GAO head David M. Walker has recently resigned , hoping he can get his message out more effectively on his own .
His main points :
1 . The federal deficit is not something that comes and goes .
It 's built in .
It 's very large .
And its growth trajectory takes America on a veritable collision course with bankruptcy !
According to the GAO , unless radical fiscal reform is instituted quickly , the U.S. federal deficit could reach 20 % of GDP , or five times greater than the worst level of this century .
2. State and local deficits are on a similar path .
Thus , any efforts to shift some of the fiscal burden from federal to local governments will be futile .
3 . This astronomical — and potentially devastating — growth in our debt has little to do with the ups and downs in the economy and has everything to do with locked - in , predictable aging of our population .
For years , we 've heard warnings about baby boomers retiring , collecting benefits and becoming a drain on the economy .
And for years , no one seemed to care ; it was too distant in time .
But now the day of reckoning is here as the first baby boomers started collecting Social Security benefits late last year .
So from this point onward , the bill is starting to come due : Nearly 80 million Americans becoming eligible for Social Security retirement benefits over the next two decades — an average of more than 10,000 per day .
But ...
4 . The burden of the government 's future obligations for Social Security pales in comparison to the burden for Medicare .
In fact , the government 's future obligations for Medicare Part D alone exceed all of the unfunded obligations for Social Security .
5 . Even if the economy could somehow grow much faster , it would not be enough to solve the problem .
For that , you 'd have to see our GDP expand at 10 % or more every year for the next 75 years !
6 . If corrective action is not taken now , then later , when deficits get out of hand , the only way to close the gap will be to cut federal spending by 60 % or double all taxes — fiscal shocks that would crush the U.S. economy and depress it for decades .
7. Overall , the federal government 's fiscal burden — including expected Social Security , Medicare and other liabilities — totals $ 50.5 trillion , or $ 400,000 for every full - time worker in America .
For The U.S. Dollar , These Huge and Growing Burdens Are a Perpetual Deadweight
The deficits and debts help explain ...
Why the U.S. economy lags behind the economies of Europe , Asia and Latin America when it 's expanding ... and is likely to sink faster when it 's contracting ...
Why the Fed is forced to continually inject more devalued money into the economy , and ...
How — recession or no recession , Fed or no Fed — the obvious absence of fiscal discipline translates into long - term deterioration in the U.S. dollar .
Report # 2
$ 48.8 Trillion in Credit Market Debts
Most people think that , with such large federal deficits year after year , the U.S. Treasury would have accumulated the largest debt of any sector .
Yes , they are big .
But they 're not the largest .
According to the Fed 's latest Flow of Funds report tabulating all U.S. credit market debts at year - end 2007 ...
Corporate debts are more than double the size of the Treasury 's ( $ 10.7 trillion vs. $ 5.1 trillion ) .
Mortgage debts are even larger — $ 14.6 trillion .
And the grand total , including all debt categories , is $ 48.8 trillion — or more than triple America 's entire GDP .
As a whole , these debts are also a huge , long - term burden on the dollar for three fundamental reasons :
1 . These $ 48.8 trillion in credit market debts are a continuing drag on the U.S. economy , especially when many of them start to go bad , as they are doing now ...
2 . These debts are another major excuse for the Fed to pump in cheap money to ease the burden , and ...
3 . These debts are also a strong incentive for politicians to simply let the dollar fall in value , helping the government and other debtors repay their debts with cheaper money .
But the $ 48.8 trillion debt reported in the Federal Reserve 's Flow of Funds report is merely the tip of the iceberg .
It does not include the contingent obligations of the U.S. government , which I told you about under Report # 1 .
Nor does it include the massive amounts tied up in derivatives , the subject of the next government report ...
Report # 3
OCC : The Notional Value of U.S. Derivatives is Now $ 164.2 Trillion !
Derivatives are , in essence , another form of debt .
But based on the conclusions of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ) , it 's safe to say that they are far riskier than ordinary debts .
Here 's why :
1 . The OCC 's data makes it abundantly clear that the amounts involved are excessive and that they 've mushroomed at an alarming pace in recent years .
Just 12 years ago , the total notional value of derivatives held by U.S. commercial banks was $ 16.8 trillion , and we thought that was a lot .
At year - end 2007 , it was $ 164.2 trillion , nearly ten times larger .
2 . The credit risks associated with derivatives have also grown by leaps and bounds .
In the last year alone , they 're up by a whopping 67 % .
3 . Nearly all of the derivatives are traded " over the counter " — outside the purview of established exchanges .
For the most part , it 's a regulatory no - man 's land .
4 . For the longest time , we have warned that big losses in derivatives could strike U.S. banks .
And sure enough , for the first time in history , that 's precisely what has happened :
In the fourth quarter of 2007 , U.S. banks lost a whopping $ 9.97 billion in derivatives , proving how risky they really are .
5 . These risks are heavily concentrated among just five major banks that account for 97 % of all derivatives held in the U.S. banking system , and 87 % of the credit exposure .
6 . Among four of these five banks , the credit exposure from derivatives is greater than their capital .
And among two of the five — JPMorgan Chase and HSBC — the exposure is over four times their capital ( see table ) .
And again , we see a negative long - term impact on the dollar :
The derivatives crisis is aggravating the housing bust and the recession .
The recession , in turn , is bound to depress the dollar .
And as the Fed fights back with more injections of cheap money into the banking system , the long - term impact on the dollar is to drive it still lower .
My Recommendations
First , look to use a strong dollar rally as your window to diversify out of the dollar into the world 's strongest currencies .
They 're not risk free .
So we do n't recommend rushing out and buying them in large amounts immediately .
Nor do we advocate selling all your dollars or dollar investments .
But if the dollar rallies , it will be a good time to buy some protection — using ETFs dedicated to currencies like FXA ( Australian dollar ) and FXY ( Japanese yen ) .
Second , the next rally in the dollar will be your opportunity to add to other contra - dollar assets like gold ( using ETFs like GLD ) as well as key commodities .
Above all , stick with the strategies we recommended in our issues .
Despite any ups and downs , no matter how sharp , the big - picture direction of the markets is clearer than ever .
Good luck and God bless !
Martin
This investment news is brought to you by Money and Markets .
Money and Markets is a free daily investment newsletter from Martin D. Weiss and Weiss Research analysts offering the latest investing news and financial insights for the stock market , including tips and advice on investing in gold , energy and oil .
Dr. Weiss is a leader in the fields of investing , interest rates , financial safety and economic forecasting .
To view archives or subscribe , visit http://www.moneyandmarkets.com .
Money and Markets Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
GOP Senate Massacre of '08
While Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) hangs in there , locked in a tough race with Sen. Barack Obama ( D - Ill. ) , the Republican undercard is facing obliteration in the 2008 general elections for the Senate .
Polling suggests that a massacre may be in the offing -- and one that 's possibly even greater than the worst of previous GOP years : 1958 , 1964 , 1974 , 1986 and 2006 .
Scott Rasmussen , whose site , www.rasmussenreports.com , follows these races closely , is producing truly hair - raising polling data .
Of the open Republican Senate seats in contention , Democratic victory seems very likely in Virginia ( Democratic former Gov. Mark Warner now has 55 percent , while fellow former Republican Gov. Jim Gilmore stands at 37 ) and New Mexico ( where Democratic Rep . Tom Udall takes 53 percent to GOP Rep.
Steve Pearce 's 37 and 57 percent to Republican Rep. Heather Wilson's 36 ) .
In Colorado , Democratic Rep. Mark Udall has a narrow lead over Republican Bob Schaffer ( 45 - 42 ) .
Nebraska would seem safely Republican , but a humongous black turnout in Mississippi could elect former Democratic Gov. Ronnie Musgrove , just as it led to a Democratic congressional victory in a bi-election this month .
Score them : two Democrat , one leaning Democrat , one leaning Republican , and one Republican .
A net loss of two or three seats .
And then there are the endangered incumbents .
Three GOP senators are actually behind their Democratic challengers .
Alaska 's Ted Stevens is behind Mark Begich by 47 - 45 .
Elizabeth Dole trails Kay Hagan in North Carolina by 48 - 47 .
And Jeanne Shaheen is well ahead of John Sununu in New Hampshire , 51 - 43 .
Stevens 's legal problems and the likely huge black turnout in North Carolina make all three states lean Democratic at this point .
Even when GOP incumbents lead , they are perilously under 50 percent .
In Oregon , as of this writing , Gordon Smith leads Jeff Merkley by only 45 - 42 and Steve Novick by 47 - 41 .
And in Texas , John Cornyn leads Rick Noriega by only 47 - 43 .
In addition , Norm Coleman in Minnesota is hanging on by his teeth against Al Franken , 50 - 43 ; Susan Collins is only narrowly ahead of Rep. Tom Allen in Maine , 52 - 42 ; and in Kansas , Pat Roberts holds only a 52 - 40 lead over Jim Slattery .
Mitch McConnell in Kentucky may also be in trouble .
So , among incumbents , score it three leaning Democratic , two tossups , and three leaning Republican .
Overall , that 's a likely Democratic pickup of five seats , with an eight - seat gain possible , and , in a partisan wipeout , a 12 - seat shift .
Mon dieu !
In all likelihood , the filibuster will still remain a theoretical Republican option , but , in practical terms , may be beyond reach , especially if Obama wins the White House .
Driving the GOP 's imperiled Senate situation , or course , is a massive shift in party identification .
While the two parties are normally about tied in party ID , the Democrats now enjoy a 44 - 30 advantage in the latest Fox News poll of April 29 .
A combination of the Iraq war , gas prices , the credit crisis and a looming recession are dragging down the Republican Party , big time .
So is a president with a 28 percent approval rating .
Bush needs to go out and tell America that things are bad , but not that bad .
There are solid signs that the economy may not be tanking after all .
Unemployment , while rising , is still at historic lows .
The credit crisis has not led to a wholesale collapse of the financial industry and the instability appears to be easing .
And , in Iraq , we are approaching a more stable situation with lower combat deaths .
Bush , who has largely been hunkered down in the White House , needs to hit the trail and move his ratings up into the mid- or high 30s , not an insurmountable challenge .
Will the endangered Republicans recover ?
Most have prevailed , in the past , by lifting their personal ratings out of possible danger early in the race .
But when long - term incumbents find themselves mired in the high 40s or low 50s in vote share , it indicates a massive voter desire for change that is not likely to abate .
In the House , the incredible three Democratic bi-election victories , combined with the retirements of so many Republican incumbents , indicates that the GOP may be facing disaster there as well .
This is not a good year to be a Republican .
Jalopnik
May 14 , 2008
As of October 1st , anyone caught doing 30 mph over the speed limit in Florida faces vehicle confiscation , five to ten years in prison and a ten - year license suspension .
Bill HB 137 , which was signed into law earlier today , was originally targeted at motorcyclists , but was amended at the last minute to include all vehicles .
The full text of the bill follows the jump .
Originally introduced by State Rep. Carlos Lopez - Cantera , who developed an irrational fear of bikers after he witnessed some pulling wheelies and driving dangerously during a ride - along with Miami police , HB 137 has become known as the Anti-Biker Bill due to its discriminatory nature .
Defending motorcyclists during hearings at the state legislature , a representative of ABATE , a motorcycle lobby group , argued that the motorcycle specific penalties far outweighed those for motorists who violate a rider ’s right of way , killing or injuring them .
While the bill was modified to include all vehicles before being passed into law , the anti-motorcycle language remains , specifically that referring to the revocation of a motorcycle endorsement , leading to some confusion .
It ’s not known if car drivers will face the same license suspension as bike riders .
Jalopnik does not endorse dangerous driving , but its our belief that the best way to make roads safer is through education , not draconian enforcement .
After all , is n’t anyone with only a week or less of Driver ’s Ed and very little idea of how to control their vehicle in an emergency driving dangerously ?
[ Via Hell For Leather ]
Update :
It looks like we spoke too soon folks .
While this bill has passed committee in the Florida House of Representatives , it has n’t yet been voted into law .
Let ’s hope it is n’t .
Florida Bill HB 137 , pre all - vehicles amendment :
F L O R I D A H O U S E O F R E P R E S E N T A T I V E S
A bill to be entitled An act relating to offenses committed while operating a
motorcycle ; creating s. 316.1926 , F.S. ; providing
additional penalties for certain offenses committed by a
person operating or in actual physical control of a motorcycle ; requiring that the person be taken into
custody ; providing for seizure and forfeiture of the
motorcycle ; providing for revocation of the person’s
privilege to operate a motorcycle ; providing an effective
date .
Be It Enacted by the Legislature of the State of Florida :
Section 1 . Section 316.1926 , Florida Statutes , is created
to read :
316.1926 Motorcycle offenses . —
( 1 ) When a law enforcement officer charges a person with
reckless driving in violation of s. 316.192 or exceeding the speed limit by 30 miles per hour or more in violation of s. 316.183 ( 2 ) , s. 316.187 , or s. 316.189 while operating or in actual physical control of a motorcycle , the officer shall arrest the person , take him or her into custody , and seize the motorcycle , which shall be subject to forfeiture under the Florida Contraband Forfeiture Act .
(2) Upon conviction , in addition to any other penalty provided by law , the court shall revoke the person’s
authorization and privilege to operate a motorcycle for a period of 10 years and order the person to surrender his or herdriver ’s license .
(a) If the person holds a Class A , Class B , or Class C
driver ’s license , the department shall issue a replacement
license , valid for the remainder of the person ’s unexpired
license period , without the endorsement to operate a motorcycle .
( b) If the person holds a Class E driver ’s license that is not restricted to motorcycle operation only , the department shall issue a replacement license , valid for the remainder of the person ’s unexpired license period , without the authorization to operate a motorcycle .
(3) Revocation of the privilege to operate a motorcycle under this section shall not prohibit or restrict the issuance or renewal of a driver ’s license for purposes other than the operation of a motorcycle .
Section 2 . This act shall take effect October 1 , 2008 .
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
LONDON , England ( CNN ) -- One of Francis Williams ' favorite stories to tell is about the time he was pulled over for speeding .
As countries and companies plan to go to the moon , a debate heats up on lunar property rights .
Williams , who had been in London on business , was driving home through the English countryside when a police officer stopped him and wanted to know two things :
Was Williams aware of how fast he was driving ?
And , what was his profession ?
It turned out the response to the second question would help Williams resolve the first : " I said , ' I sell land on the moon , ' " said Williams .
" And [ the police officer ] said , ' Do you know , my wife has bought some of that . ' "
The answer to the first question was subsequently forgotten .
Williams , who describes himself as the " Lunar Ambassador to the United Kingdom , " is the owner of MoonEstates .
He claims to have sold around 300,000 acres of moon land since he and his wife , Sue , founded the Cornwall - based company eight years ago .
One - acre plots of lunar turf go for about $ 40 .
As proof of purchase , new property owners receive a silver tin containing a personalized " Lunar Deed " and a moon map with a tiny black X marking their tract 's approximate location .
Most of the land Williams sells is in the northwest , in an area known as Oceanus Procellarum , or Ocean of Storms -- a desolate lava plain formed by volcanoes billions of years ago .
" I know the Japanese are [ selling ] further east , " he said .
Williams received his license to sell lunar land in the UK from Dennis Hope .
In 1980 , the Nevada - based entrepreneur claimed ownership of the moon after finding what he calls a loophole in the 1967 United Nations Outer Space Treaty , which forbids countries from owning the moon but , according to Hope , does not forbid individuals from owning it .
Hope , who estimates he has sold over 500 million acres of moon land , said he immediately filed a " declaration of ownership " with the U.N. along with the United States and Russian governments .
After 28 years , the moon mogul still has not received a reply .
" I have never heard from them on that note ever , " Hope told CNN in a phone interview .
While the U.N. may have ignored Hope 's lunar land claims for almost three decades , it is unlikely the organization will be able ignore what could soon become a question of increasing international importance :
Who , exactly , does own the moon ?
" At some point the world community needs to come together and draft some new convention or treaty , " said Paul Dempsey , director of the Institute of Air and Space Law and McGill University in Montreal .
" It is an open wound that needs to be healed . "
Dempsey pointed out that at the time the U.N. drafted the Outer Space Treaty , there were only two spacefaring nations -- the U.S. and the Soviet Union .
Now there are over a dozen .
And many of them , including China , Russia , the U.S. , India and Japan , want to go to the moon .
NASA , for example , recently announced plans to return by 2020 , eventually building a permanent base on the lunar surface .
The Russian space agency , Roskosmos , has confirmed similar intentions .
The burgeoning commercial space sector is also casting its gaze towards Earth 's only natural satellite with companies considering everything from mining the lunar surface to building extraterrestrial resorts on it .
" It is quite a complicated issue because it is international law we are dealing with , " said Niklas Hedman , chief of the Committee Services and Research Section of the U.N. 's Office for Outer Space Affairs in Vienna .
There are five treaties that govern international affairs in space , said Hedman .
Two of them -- the Outerspace Treaty and the 1979 Moon Agreement -- deal with lunar law .
The Outer Space Treaty provides a legal framework for the international use of space for peaceful purposes , including the moon and other celestial bodies .
Widely considered the " Magna Carta of space law , " this treaty lays down the fundamental principle of non-appropriation and that the exploration and use of space shall be the province of all mankind .
According to the treaty , states bear international responsibility for national activities in space , including by non-governmental entities .
The Outer Space Treaty says governments cannot claim ownership of the lunar surface and that stations and installations on the moon shall be open to others , said Hedman .
The Moon Agreement builds upon the Outer Space Treaty but also says that any natural resources found on the moon are part of " the common heritage of mankind " - in other words , they must be shared .
While 98 nations , including all the major spacefaring ones , have ratified the Outerspace Treaty , only 13 countries have approved the Moon Agreement -- Kazakhstan , Lebanon , Uruguay and Mexico , to name four .
But Hedman said this does not mean the other 179 countries that have not ratified the Moon Agreement are free to make a lunar land rush .
" They are still bound by the fundamental provisions [ of the Outer Space Treaty ] , " he said , adding that " when enough states of the world have ratified a treaty , and it becomes binding , then certain fundamental provisions become binding even on states that have not ratified it . "
Henry Hertzfeld , a space analyst at George Washington University 's Space Policy Institute , said he is not so sure the U.N. 's treaties provide an adequate answer to the question of lunar property rights .
" These treaties do n't really have any teeth to them in terms of enforcement , " said Hertzfeld .
" They are agreements on principle . "
Instead of focusing on who owns the moon , the international community needs find ways to incentivize future business activity on the moon by guaranteeing that rights to land and resources will not be preempted by competing interests , said Hertzfeld .
" Owning property is not the issue , the issue is finding a mechanism for businesses to make a fair return on their investment , " he said .
" Otherwise there is no point in investing . "
But first , Hertzfeld said , there also needs to be a guarantee that there is something on the moon worth investing in at all .
" My feeling is until we know what is there , we should n't mess with it , " he said .
...........................
Have you bought land on the moon ?
Would you consider purchasing lunar property ?
Leave your views and comments in the Sound Off box below .
All About NASA • Russian Federal Space Agency • United Nations
6 Quirks of Ownership : How Possessions Bend Our Perceptions
Anyone who ’s ever tried to sell a house , a car , or practically anything , quickly discovers that buyers and sellers rarely see eye - to - eye on price .
A quick skim through the classifieds in the back of the local paper will reveal endless examples of people overpricing what seem like pretty ordinary items .
But that ’s not how the seller sees it .
There ’s no doubt that sellers want to get the best possible price and they also want to introduce some wiggle - room for negotiation .
But does this really explain the unrealistic prices people sometimes demand , or is there something else going on ?
We ’re unnaturally drawn to special offers like 30 - day money - back guarantees .
Similarly , when shopping we ’re unnaturally drawn to special offers like 30 - day money - back guarantees .
We ’ll happily buy a new digital SLR on the basis that we can always return it even though , more often than not , we keep it .
On auction sites like EBay we will set ourselves a limit for an item one minute , then , the next with a rueful smile we ’ll break this limit when a higher bid comes in .
Behavioural economists argue that ownership – whether it ’s real , partial or virtual – has a strange effect on us .
But before I run down the six quirks of ownership , let ’s see just how big an effect these quirks can have on us under controlled conditions .
The chasm between buyers and sellers
At Duke University , like many others , tickets for the most important basketball tournament of the year are like gold dust .
There are so many people fighting over them that they have to be allocated using a lottery system .
Consequently , after the lottery is complete , some people suddenly have something that others desperately want .
Because of the random allocation , it provides the perfect opportunity for examining the psychology of buying and selling .
Into this ready - made market , researchers Ziv Carmon and Dan Ariely effectively set themselves up as ticket scalpers ( Carmon & Ariely , 2000 ) .
They sat down with a list of students , some who ’d won tickets in the lottery and others who ’d lost but naturally still wanted to go to the game .
They then started ringing up students who had tickets , along with those who did n’t , to see if they could find any common ground on price .
They found an incredible disparity between buyers and sellers .
What they found was an incredible disparity between buyers and sellers .
The average price which buyers were prepared to lay out for a ticket to a single basketball game was $ 166 .
This actually sounds like a pretty good offer given that these are students and that it ’s only a few hours entertainment .
But it turns out these buyers ’ offers did n’t stand a chance when compared with the expectations of sellers .
The average price ticket - owners were prepared to sell their tickets for was a whopping $ 2,411 !
Did they really expect anyone to pay that price ?
Needless to say , no buyers were interested , no matter how desperately they were to see the game .
Six quirks of ownership
Dan Ariely , in his book Predictably Irrational argues that ownership has 6 strange effects on us :
Ownership increases perceived value to us :
As soon as we acquire something we start to develop an attachment to it .
Just the sheer fact of ownership increases how much we value it – we seem to develop a relationship with objects .
We tend to focus on losses :
When selling we tend to overlook the money we ’ll be gaining and focus on the object we ’ll be losing .
Our natural aversion to feeling bad then motivates us to place a higher asking - price on the long - cherished house , car or record collection than the market will bear .
We assume others share our perspective : Surely potential buyers understand how strongly we feel about our dusty old vinyl records ?
No , they do n’t care – in fact they ’re far more likely to notice how badly we ’ve stored them or what poor taste in music we have .
Effort increases perceived value :
A table I have bought and struggled to build myself has more value to me than the same table I bought , for the same price , ready assembled .
Expending our own effort means we ’ve invested ourselves in an object , so it has more perceived value to us .
Other people do n’t recognise this ( and there ’s no reason why they should ) .
Virtual ownership :
We can even start feeling we own something before we actually do .
Dan Ariely argues that the prices people are prepared to pay on auction sites like EBay are often inflated by people ’s imagined ownership .
Once we place our first bid we start to fantasise about ownership .
Consequently when other bids come in we ignore our previously stated maximum because we ’re now starting to value the item more , since we ’ve been thinking about owning it .
Partial ownership :
Marketing executives know the power of ownership so they use all kinds of tricks to encourage partial ownership because it often leads on to full ownership .
We do n’t usually return our furniture within the 30 - day money - back guarantee period because we ’ve grown attached to it – it ’s ours .
Being objective
So the high price we tend to put on our own possessions is not just greed , we really do begin to perceive stuff in a different way once we own it .
Unfortunately these biases open us up to all sorts of detrimental effects .
We might set unrealistic prices for things we ’re trying to sell , resulting in us failing to sell them at all .
Or , when buying , we can be suckered into virtual or partial ownership en route to full ownership of something we did n’t necessarily want in the first place .
The solution to these problems is trying to think objectively .
Of course the solution to these problems is trying to think objectively about our own possessions and those that we ’d like to acquire .
But that ’s easier said than done .
It ’s very difficult to be dispassionate when selling something that you treasure and it ’s easy to form an imaginary relationship with something we want to own .
Theoretically , then , dispassion and objectivity are the keys to fighting the quirks of ownership , but is this enlightened , Zen attitude to ownership really possible in practice ?
What do you think ?
[ Image credit : DryIcons ]
Reference
Carmon , Z. , & Ariely , D. ( 2000 ) .
Focusing on the Forgone : How Value Can Appear so Different to Buyers and Sellers .
The Journal of Consumer Research , 27( 3 ) , 360-370 .
What 's this poem saying ?
That we all have to stand up , speak out and take action NOW while we still can .
If we do so , we will win the struggle for liberty .
If we do not , freedom will die ... just like it did in Nazi Germany .
Inspired by the poem First They Came by Martin Niemöller
, which was written about the Nazis .
What Could It Mean for Warrantless Domestic Surveillance ?
Update : Click here to read the AP article on the Yoo memo and the Fourth Amendment .
Today 's Washington
Post reports on a newly released memo , " Memorandum for William J. Haynes II , General Counsel of the Department of Defense Re : Military Interrogation of Alien Unlawful Combatants Held Outside the United States " ( March 14 , 2003 ) , which which was declassified and released publicly yesterday .
Balkinization has commentary on the very troubling opinion .
While the newly released memo focuses on " asserting that federal laws prohibiting assault , maiming and other crimes did not apply to military interrogators , " it contains a footnote referencing another Administration memo that caught our eye :
... our Office recently concluded that the Fourth Amendment had no application to domestic military operations .
See Memorandum for Alberto R. Gonzales , Counsel to the President , and William J. Haynes , II , General Counsel , Department of Defense , from John C. Yoo , Deputy Assistant Attorney General and Robert J. Delahunty , Special Counsel , Re : Authority for Use of Military Force to Combat Terrorist Activities Within the United States at 25 ( Oct 23 , 2001 ) .
( emphasis added )
This earlier memo has not been publicly released , though Senator Leahy and Rep. Conyers have asked to see it .
Does this mean that the Administration 's lawyers believed that it could spy on Americans with impunity and face no Fourth Amendment claim ?
It may , and based on the thinnest of legal claims -- that Congress unintentionally allowed mass surveillance of Americans when it passed the Authorization of Use of Military Force in October 2001 .
In their arguments on the warrantless surveillance program , they try to portray them as " military " in nature , even though they occurred in the United States , far from the military theater .
In 2006 , the Department of Justice has asserted that " that warrantless communications intelligence targeted at the enemy in time of armed conflict is a traditional and fundamental incident of the use of military force authorized by the AUMF . "
The DOJ also asserted that " the NSA activities fit squarely within the sweeping terms of the AUMF .
The use of signals intelligence to identify and pinpoint the enemy is a traditional component of wartime military operations . "
As the DOJ sees it , " In the present conflict , unlike in the Korean War , the battlefield was brought to the United States ... "
The NSA is part of the Department of Defense .
In short , it appears that the Administration may view NSA domestic surveillance , including the surveillance of millions of ordinary Americans detailed in EFF 's Hepting case , as a " domestic military operation . "
If so , this Yoo memo would blow a loophole in the Fourth Amendment big enough to fit all of our everyday telephone calls , web searches , instant messages and emails through .
Of course , the DOJ 's public defense of the NSA program also asserted that warrantless surveillance did not violate the Fourth Amendment .
( EFF and numerous scholars disagree ) .
But the memo referenced above raises serious questions .
The public deserves to know whether the 2001 Yoo memo on domestic military operations -- issued the same month that the NSA program began -- asserted that the Fourth Amendment did not apply to domestic surveillance operations conducted by the NSA .
And of course it reinforces why granting immunity aimed at keeping the courts from ruling on the Administration 's flimsy legal arguments is wrongheaded and dangerous .
Read the Interrogation Memo : Pages 1- 19 , 20 -39 , 40 - 59 , 60 - 81 .
The Bush administration recently announced it will allow select members of Congress to read Justice Department legal opinions about the CIA ’s controversial detainee interrogation program that have been hidden from Congress until now .
But as the administration allows a glimpse of this secret law -- and it is law -- we are left wondering what other laws it is still keeping under lock and key .
It ’s a given in our democracy that laws should be a matter of public record .
But the law in this country includes not just statutes and regulations , which the public can readily access .
It also includes binding legal interpretations made by courts and the executive branch .
These interpretations are increasingly being withheld from the public and Congress .
Perhaps the most notorious example is the recently released 2003 Justice Department memorandum on torture written by John Yoo .
The memorandum was , for a nine - month period in 2003 , the law that the administration followed when it came to matters of torture .
And that law was essentially a declaration that the administration could ignore the laws passed by Congress .
The content of the memo was deeply troubling , but just as troubling was the fact that this legal opinion was classified and its content kept secret for years .
As we now know , the memo should never have been classified because it contains no information that could compromise national security if released .
In a Senate hearing that I chaired April 30 , the top official in charge of classification policy from 2002 to 2007 testified that classification of this memo showed “ either profound ignorance of or deep contempt for ” the standards for classification .
Advertisement
The memos on torture policy that have been released or leaked hint at a much bigger body of law about which we know virtually nothing .
The Yoo memo was filled with references to other Justice Department memos that have yet to see the light of day , on subjects including the government ’s ability to detain U.S. citizens without congressional authorization and the government ’s ability to bypass the 4th Amendment in domestic military operations .
Another body of secret law involves the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) .
In 1978 , Congress created the special FISA court to review the government ’s requests for wiretaps in intelligence investigations , which is -- and should be -- done behind closed doors .
But with changes in technology and with this administration ’s efforts to expand its surveillance powers , the court today is doing more than just reviewing warrant applications .
It is issuing important interpretations of FISA that have effectively made new law .
These interpretations deeply affect Americans ’ privacy rights , and yet Americans do n’t know about them because they are not allowed to see them .
Very few members of Congress have been allowed to see them either .
When the Senate recently approved some broad and controversial changes to FISA , almost none of the senators voting on the bill could know what the law currently is .
The code of secrecy also extends to yet another body of law : changes to executive orders .
The administration takes the position that a president can “ waive ” or “ modify ” a published executive order without any public notice -- simply by not following it .
It ’s every president ’s prerogative to change an executive order , but doing so without public notice works a secret change in the law .
And , because the published order stays on the books , Congress and the public have no idea that it ’s no longer in effect .
We do n’t know how many of these covert changes have been made by this administration or , for that matter , by past administrations .
Advertisement
No one questions the need for the government to protect information about intelligence sources and methods , troop movements or weapons systems .
But there ’s a big difference between withholding information about military or intelligence operations from the public and withholding the law that governs the executive branch .
Keeping the law secret does n’t enhance national security , but it does give the government free rein to operate without oversight or accountability .
Even the congressional intelligence committees , which are supposed to oversee the intelligence community , have been denied access to some of these legal opinions .
Congress should pass legislation to require the administration to alert Congress when the law created by Justice Department opinions ignores or even violates the laws passed by Congress , and to require public notice when it is waiving or modifying a published executive order .
Congress and the public should n’t have to wonder whether the executive branch is following the laws that are on the books or some other , secret law .
PRINCETON , NJ -- Approval of Congress has dipped below 20 % for only the fourth time in the 34 years Gallup has asked Americans to rate the job Congress is doing .
Today 's 18 % score , based on a May 8 - 11 Gallup Poll , matches the record lows Gallup recorded in August 2007 and March 1992 .
Congressional approval started off the year at a depressed 23 % , then dipped to 21 % in March and 20 % in April , before reaching the current record - tying low .
The 76 % currently disapproving of Congress is just shy of the record - high 78 % in March 1992 .
Democrats Not Backing Congress
One reason Congress is doing so poorly in the court of public opinion is that rank - and - file Democrats are providing no support cushion for the Democratic - controlled institution .
In fact , Democrats are about as likely to approve of Congress as are Republicans : 20 % of Republicans approve , versus 16 % of Democrats .
Not only is that true today , but it has been the pattern in Gallup 's monthly approval ratings of Congress since December 2007 .
Prior to that -- for the first 10 months of the new Democratic majority in Congress -- Democrats tended to express slightly higher approval than Republicans , averaging seven points higher .
However , by contrast , during most of the Republican - led Congress from 2000 to 2006 , Republicans ' approval of Congress was substantially higher than Democrats ' .
Bush Approval Now 29 %
The partisan picture is quite different with respect to public approval of President George W. Bush .
The same poll finds President Bush 's approval rating at 29 % , only a shade above his personal worst approval score of 28 % , first reached in April and repeated earlier in May .
However , his rating would be even lower if not for the support of most Republicans .
Current Republican approval of Bush is much lower than it was early on in his presidency ; however , it remains far better than approval from Democrats .
Two - thirds of Republicans ( 66 % ) approve of Bush 's job performance today , compared with only 7 % of Democrats .
Bottom Line
Americans ' ratings of Congress are almost always lower than their ratings of the sitting president .
With Bush in a period of extremely low approval , and both houses of Congress controlled by the Democratic Party , one might expect that gap to be closer today .
And , in fact , it was for a short period after the Democrats first returned to power in Congress at the start of 2007 .
However , that honeymoon quickly ended ( about last August ) and since then , Congress has lagged behind the president in approval .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,017 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted May 8 - 11 , 2008 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
The bizarre and unpredictable wonderings of a man " slightly outside " .
It 's time for Part III of The Saturday FOX Stock show segment on C&L starring none other than the always hideous Republican free market–tax cutting — New Deal hating — super hawk and attack - all - things - Democratic rock star from Cashin ’ In --- Jonathan Hoenig --- The CapitalistPig .
This week 's adventure is his take on animal rights .
( Part 1 & Part II )
Download Download
Hoenig : Snacky dog is property .
If I want to take Snacky 's head and smash it against a brick wall ( I 'd never do that to you ) it 's my right to do it !
It 's my right to do it ....
I could n't write up any more of the transcript .
( Another look into the soul of a FOX wingnut )
He actually laughs and lets the dog lick his face as he threatens to murder it .
And Terry ( host ) is just interested in staying on the topic at hand and is not phased in the least by his vicious position .
The “ Miss Bimbo ” story arrived like a gift to newsrooms around the world last week : the perfect illustration of the new lows to which our celebrity - obsessed culture has sunk .
What news outlet looking to fill a 24/7 news cycle could resist ?
“ Miss Bimbo ” had all the right ingredients for a splashy news story : a sensational headline ( key word : “ bimbo ” ) ; a sexy tech angle ( online video game ) ; young children potentially at risk ( catnip for concerned parents everywhere ) ; and a built - in base of available media commentators ( whether gaming experts or women ’s groups or media watchdogs ) .
Why look a gift horse in the mouth , right ?
Well , it turns out few media outlets did .
As news of the “ Miss Bimbo ” video game grew like kudzu across news websites and cable TV , so did public awareness about a relatively obscure online gaming site intended for little girls .
But as the media pounced , with round - the - clock scrutiny of the values the “ Miss Bimbo ” game espouses , it only helped to double the number of users .
Media scrutiny or free publicity ?
You decide .
In case you missed it , Nicolas Jacquart , a 23 - year - old developer from south England , had designed and launched an online game called “ Miss Bimbo ” intended for female players age 9 to 16 .
A rough - hewn game powered by seemingly slow servers , “ Miss Bimbo ” was bumbling along collecting users mostly in poor , industrial cities in Britain .
At some point in late March , members of the British press caught wind of “ Miss Bimbo , ” and like raw meat thrown to a pack of starvelings , “ Miss Bimbo ” became the controversial story du jour .
The very premise of the game got people talking .
In “ Miss Bimbo ’s ” hyper - pink and lacy world , players compete to become the most famous person in Bimbo City .
Points are won by gamers who make their Bimbo avatars skinny , win boyfriends , dress well and accrue “ Bimbo attitude ” in beauty salons and clothing stores .
Needless to say , parental and media watch groups jumped at invitations from the press to question , if not openly condemn , “ Miss Bimbo ’s ” virtual value system .
Cultural commentators have weighed in on the game on multiple outlets -- the likes of CNN , MSNBC and every British news outlet imaginable .
Before the media descended , 250,000 users had signed up to live and shop in Bimbo City .
After last week ’s blitzkrieg , user traffic skyrocketed on the site and “ Miss Bimbo ” is now poised to break the 500,000 - user mark .
Robin Goad , research director of Hitwise in Britain , a company that collects Internet usage data internationally , said British traffic to the site increased 100 - fold from March 22 to March 25 .
Traffic has since dipped as the press frenzy has died down .
At the time of writing this story , the game was inoperable .
A post on the “ Miss Bimbo ” homepage cites “ unforeseen worldwide interest ” as the reason for the site ’s inability to load .
Of the many charged issues that come with “ Miss Bimbo ” game play , it seemed that media pundits were most focused on the diet pills available for purchase to keep one ’s Bimbo thin ( they have since been removed from the game ) .
Breast implants to keep one ’s pet Bimbo well - endowed ignited further conversation .
And others noted that the bare bimbo that a player starts out with is slender , long - legged and dressed in her skivvies .
Like so many “ kids and video games ” stories before it , the gist of the arguments against “ Miss Bimbo ” was that impressionable young girls might subscribe to the social mores of the game .
But this time , instead of boys encouraged to use violence in real life ( picked up by playing first - person shooter games ) , girls playing “ Miss Bimbo ” might internalize the game ’s competitive diet - pill popping and plastic surgery .
Parental groups and feminist organizations have piled on with arguments exemplified by Allene Cook , executive director of the Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media .
“ Our research shows that representation of girls in media tends toward overvaluing them for their appearance and undervaluing them for their inner character , ” Cook told the Los Angeles Times .
“ Frankly , what have kids already absorbed from the media about their own worth and the worth of girls if this site is so popular ? ”
Another hot - button issue is the crass commercialism of a site that encourages youngsters to alter physical appearances with artificial and hyper - sexualized alternatives .
Although it is free to register for and play “ Miss Bimbo , ” when players run out of virtual currency , they have the option to continue to compete by buying Bimbo text messages at the cost of $ 2.99 .
The cash infusion provides players more “ Bimbo dollars ” to buy things such as breast implants , tanning sessions and pedicures , all in order to make them more popular on the site .
A Frenchman has already sued “ Miss Bimbo ’s ” French sister site ( MaBimbo.com ) after his daughter ran up a text message bill of $ 200 .
( Ma Bimbo has been around since October 2006 and features a less sexualized drawing on the site ’s front page .
It has had a steady increase of traffic since January of this year -- reaching 1.2 million players as of late March , but it too is starting to drop off . )
With his eyes set on other countries , “ Bimbo ” developer Jacquart has bowed only a little to media pressure to alter his site -- the homepage now includes the message : “ As a result of this rather surprising media attention we have decided to remove the option of purchasing diet pills from the game .
We apologise to any players whom this may inconvenience but we feel in light of this weeks proceedings it is the correct action to take . ”
At the same time , he has issued provocative quotes , like this widely reported statement : “ The missions and goals for the bimbos are morally sound and teach children about the real world .
If they eat too much chocolate in the game , it is bad for their bimbos ’ bodies and their happiness levels compared to if they eat fruit and vegetables , which reinforces positive healthy eating messages . ”
Here in the U.S. , where the site is less popular and the press coverage has been less fevered , Heather Dougherty , research director of Hitwise U.S. , said MissBimbo.com had still received a similar spike in traffic .
The market share of visits from the U.S. increased 1,800 % from the week ending March 22 to the week ending March 29 .
“ Their overall ranking among all websites went from 58,874 to 3,588 in one week , ” Dougherty said .
“ Any kind of news features tend to drive these big spikes in traffic . ”
And that ’s exactly what ’s annoying Beckie Jordan , a 23 - year - old graduate student in Wales who started a Ban Miss Bimbo group on Facebook .
“ To be honest , I never saw any marketing about the site until it was on the news and then all of a sudden it just blew up , ” Jordan said .
“ And because it had so much media attention it is only encouraging kids to join .
It ’s that whole [ phenomenon of ] being told not to do something and going to do it anyway . ”
But a hot story stays hot only so long , and Jordan notes that the media frenzy is already dying down : “ Last week the U.K. press blew it all out of proportion , but now it ’s tomorrow ’s chip paper , as they say . ”
Total Receipts Total Spent Cash on Hand 2008 JULY JUNE MAY APRIL MARCH FEBRUARY JANUARY 2007 Q4 Q3 Q2 Q1 KEY : Candidates battle not just for votes , but also for donors ' dollars .
Check out the tallies through July 2008 , the latest figures available from the Federal Election Commission .
( Note : " Total receipts " includes money raised in contributions as well as any loans from the candidates or any funds transferred from previous campaigns . )
« Past Fundraising
Total Receipts Obama McCain $ 480 $ 450 $ 420 $ 390 $ 360 $ 330 $ 300 $ 270 $ 240 $ 210 $ 180 $ 150 $ 120 $ 90 $ 60 $ 30 $ 401,165,231 $ 171,092,489 $ 480 $ 450 $ 420 $ 390 $ 360 $ 330 $ 300 $ 270 $ 240 $ 210 $ 180 $ 150 $ 120 $ 90 $ 60 $ 30 $ 335,292,076 $ 148,436,425 $ 480 $ 450 $ 420 $ 390 $ 360 $ 330 $ 300 $ 270 $ 240 $ 210 $ 180 $ 150 $ 120 $ 90 $ 60 $ 30 $ 65,837,810 $ 21,417,463
By Joia Shillingford
BBC News business reporter
Gmail is available by invitation only as it is still being developed
Stuart Anderson , Microsoft 's Hotmail business manager in the UK , keeps online shopping receipts in his mailbox in case he has to query anything later .
" People are keeping a lot more information in their e-mail accounts for retrieval at a later date , " says Yahoo !
Web - based e-mail services like Hotmail , Yahoo ! , Gmail and AOL Mail on the Web are becoming databases by default as a growing number of people use them , to store data and photos so they can retrieve them from anywhere .
Growing trend
Filing could become a thing of the past for e-mail users
The trend has become more pronounced as the services have dramatically increased their storage capacity in response to upstart Gmail offering a free service with more than 2,000 megabytes ( Mb ) of storage .
" E-mail is a way of interacting not just with others , but also with yourself , " says Mr Harik , who is director of Googlettes ( new Google services ) .
" You want to remember something , so you send it to your mailbox . "
For all but the very organised , old e-mails will contain phone numbers that have n't been entered into a diary , names and addresses of contacts , meeting or customer information , useful statistics or competitor information and photos of products and people .
The market for web - based e-mail services is still growing .
" In the US , it grew 3 % between April and November 2004 , " said Andreas Gutjahr , marketing manager , UK & Germany , for Neilsen / / NetRatings , a Nasdaq - listed internet research company .
He says the number of minutes users spend connected is also rising .
Money maker
But even where there is a small subscription fee , e-mail does not make much money in itself .
The prize is in the number of users - and therefore advertisers - the providers can lure , not just to their online mailboxes but also to portals like MSN and search engines like Google and Yahoo !.
Gmail " will be very profitable for us , " says Mr Harik .
But if web e-mail is being used for more than just sending and receiving messages , how will this affect the market shares of the different providers ?
One possibility is that Hotmail 's market dominance could be affected by rival services better equipped to search through thousands of e-mails .
Rival offerings
Yahoo's search engine expertise benefits Yahoo !
Mail users
Both Yahoo ! and Google have had internet search engines as part of their core business from the start .
So they are well placed to offer efficient e-mail searching .
Gmail was designed with the idea of searching for unstructured , unfiled information in mind .
Mr Harik says : " We 've taken away about 70 % - 80 % of the reason to file things . "
However , he believes : " It might still be worth filing e-mails related to a specific project , where comprehensiveness ( finding every single message on a topic ) was important . "
" We have a labelling system that enables you to label messages in more than one way .
Also our conversation feature enables you to see all the messages in an e-mail conversation . "
Global Audience in Nov' 04 MSN Hotmail 61.25 m Yahoo !
Mail 55.50 m AOL E-mail 34.64 m Neilsen / / NetRatings
( User figures cover US , Brazil , Australia , Hong Kong , UK , France , Germany , Sweden , Italy , Spain and Switzerland )
Google will also search users ' e-mails for keywords so that it can place adverts in mailboxes relevant to users ' interests .
On the one hand , this may make adverts more useful .
On the other - though users ' identities wo n't be revealed to advertisers - it does raise privacy concerns .
Gmail is currently available by invitation only as it is still under development .
But it recently increased the number of new users that existing customers can invite - from 10 to 50 - suggesting it is pushing Gmail out to more people .
Yahoo !
Mail says it has developed its e-mail searching too .
" This can be done through the new prominent ' Search Mail ' and ' Search the Web ' buttons within the e-mail box , " said a spokeswoman .
" Enhanced searching tools have become increasingly important as storage limits have increased . "
Limited options
By contrast , the search facilities on Hotmail are quite limited only allowing searches in the To , From and Subject fields of an e-mail and not in the text of a message .
Moreover , since Hotmail increased the amount of free storage it offers , the search facility sometimes wo n't work at all for users with a lot of e-mails .
For now , Microsoft - which has a separate search engine it upgraded this month - is focusing on integrating Hotmail with other Microsoft applications like instant messaging and blogging .
It is not planning to upgrade its Hotmail search facilities , according to Mr Anderson .
Challenge looms
Web mail storage Hotmail : 250 Mb Gmail : 1,000 Mb Yahoo !
Mail : 250 Mb AOL Mail on the Web : 100 Mb Hotmail Plus : 2000 Mb( £ 14.99 ) Yahoo !
Premium : 2000 Mb ( £ 11.99 )
Competition may be taking its toll on Hotmail .
" If we look at Europe , they [ Hotmail ] actually went down from a monthly audience of 25 million users in April 2004 to 22 million in November , " said Neilsen / NetRatings .
During the same period " Yahoo ! increased by 2 % from 9.6 million users a month to nearly 9.8 million , " he added .
The number of minutes spent accessing Hotmail in Europe also fell - from 47 minutes a month in April to 38 minutes last November .
Meanwhile usage of Yahoo !
Mail increased by just over 12 minutes a month to 52 mins .
Hotmail has added new features like instant messaging
But Mr Anderson says Hotmail is not planning to give up its dominant share of the web e-mail market any time soon .
It has recently been encouraging users to sign up for more than one mailbox and has introduced a series of Hotmail .
co.uk mailboxes so people who missed out on getting the user name they wanted have another chance .
" We 've put a huge effort into upgrading our 187 m users , " says Mr Anderson .
" If we find people are using Hotmail as a dumping ground [ for information ] and not being remotely organised , we will develop the product .
" We are determined to stay ahead . "
Whoops !
McCain fails to collect enough signatures for Indiana primary ballot Michael Roston
Published : Thursday February 21 , 2008
|
Print This Email This
Over the last month , Sen . John McCain has been steamrolling his way towards the Republican presidential nomination .
But the Straight Talk Express appears to have hit a speed bump in Indiana after the senator 's campaign failed to collect enough signatures to get on the state 's ballot for a May 4 primary .
And as the state 's Republican Party and government officials fight off a challenge to McCain 's placement on the ballot , the Democratic Party is accusing them of corruption .
" Despite the fact that the McCain campaign clearly failed to qualify for the ballot , Republican Attorney General Steve Carter and Republican Secretary of State Todd Rokita ( who recently endorsed McCain ) rubberstamped it anyway , trying to sneak McCain onto the ballot .
Clearly , the Republican Culture of Corruption is alive and well within the McCain campaign , " said a statement released by the DNC .
In order for a candidate to be placed on the ballot in the May 6 contest , his or her campaign must supply 500 signatures in each of Indiana 's congressional districts .
A blogger and Democratic activist , Thomas Cook of Blue Indiana , discovered that McCain was a number of signatures short in the state 's 4th District .
" This is one of the most Republican - friendly districts in one of the most Republican - friendly presidential states , " Cook wrote in a Feb. 20 blog post .
" And despite all of this high - level help , these guys managed to screw up one of the most basic steps that any candidate can take in the state . "
Cook proceeded to file a challenge with the Indiana Secretary of State 's office to keep McCain off the ballot .
He was pessimistic about the challenge 's prospects , but hopeful that his move would make a point .
" This does n't just make John McCain look silly -- and it does -- but this makes the entire Indiana Republican Party look silly .
Silly , and clumsy , and inept , and generally incapable of running a national campaign , let alone the entire country , " Cook added .
" And while the GOP 's magic wand will undoubtedly make a few signatures appear behind closed doors in the next few days , this is a clear stain upon Senator McCain as a candidate , and Governor Daniels and his Republican colleagues as standard - bearers within this state . "
Late on Wednesday the McCain campaign pushed back , telling the Washington Times the current signature count was not complete .
" Basically they 're looking at an incomplete count of signatures , and we 're well over the 500 required in that congressional district , " campaign spokesman Brian Rogers told reporter Stephen Dinan .
And on Thursday afternoon , a state GOP official insisted that there were 531 signatures , according to an AP report .
A report in the Indianapolis Star added that a decision on the challenge will be rendered on Cook 's challenge by March 13 .
Two Radio Reporters Murdered in Oaxaca sofiajt [ at ] yahoo.com )
Thursday Apr 10th , 2008 8:52 AM by Sofia Jarrin
On April 7 , two radio reporters from a recently installed community radio were ambushed in Putla de Guerrero , Oaxaca , and shot to death .
Teresa Bautista Flores , 24 , and Felicitas Martínez , 20 , two women journalists working for La Voz que Rompe el Silencio ( “ The Voice that Breaks the Silence ” ) , were murdered allegedly by paramilitary forces .
Three other people were wounded in the shooting : Jaciel Vázquez , aged 3 , and his parents .
In an interview with Radio Bemba in Sonora , Mexico , Jorge Albino , coordinator of La Voz que Rompe el Silencio said that the radio station had been receiving death threats since its inception .
The station was inagurated on January 20 to serve the Trique indigenous community in San Juan Copala , a year after the locality was granted administrative autonomy .
The Mexican branch of the World Association of Community Radio Broadcasters ( AMARC ) said there have been acts of violence against other small radio stations belonging to indigenous groups in Oaxaca , such as Radio Nandia in 2006 and Radio Calenda in 2007 .
Repoters Without Borders , an international organization created to defend press freedom and journalists under threat , reported that risks run by the press in Oaxaca state are common , where the political climate continues to be tense .
Two journalists were murdered in Oaxaca during a major wave of protests against state governor Ulíses Ruiz Ortíz in 2006 .
They were Indymedia reporter and U.S. citizen Bradley Will , and Raúl Marcial Pérez , an indigenous community leader and columnist for the regional daily El Gráfico .
No one has been brought to justice for their murders .
La Voz que Rompe el Silencio is considered a vital instrument to establish the peace in the region , said Jorge Albino in his interview with Radio Bemba .
“ The blood of our colleagues were not shed in vain .
In fact , it is with their blood that we will continue our work , boost the radio for the betterment of the Triquis community , ” he said .
Oaxacan women rose to international prominence in 2006 when they led the takeover of a TV station during the people ’s uprising in Oaxaca city .
What started as a women - only march on August 1 , culminated in the peaceful seizing of the state - owned television station , Channel 9 .
For three months , they collectively ran the station and opened a forum of discussion on the airwaves previously innaccesible to the community .
Their media revolution was only haltered when the Mexican government decided to attack their own station , destroying the antenna and effectively taking them off the air .
Taking over the communications broadcasting system , including several radio stations , has been heralded as a symbol of the popular movement in Oaxaca .
The Triqui indigenous people of San Juan Copala in southern Oaxaca , saw their first radio station , La Voz que Rompe el Silencio , as a major victory of their struggle .
When the community declared itself an autonomous region on January 21 , 2007 , it vowed to stay independent from any party affiliation or influence , creating even a Police of the Community ( Policia Comunitaria ) to replace government armed forces in the region .
The radio was to serve the Triquis people to promote unity , overcome conflicts , and encourage communication among communities , including those that are not formally members of the autonomous region .
The radio stressed from the beginning the importance of promoting diversity within the station with the participation of women and particularly , the youth .
Jorge Albino reported to Radio Bemba that the two murdered journalists were in fact focusing on the process of indigenous autonomy , including health and bilingual education .
Fearing the state of impunity in the region , radio administrators have circumvented local authorities and requested for a federal investigation into the murders .
( Photo : D.R. 2006 Nancy Davies .
Triqui women in the Oaxaca zocalo . )
FOR MORE INFORMATION :
The Triquis Inaugurate Their New Autonomous Municipality , by Nancy Davies
http://www.narconews.com/Issue44/article2521.html
Radio Bemba
http://portal.radiobemba.org/
Ventana a Mi Comunidad
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NpCp1tDaZ6I
On April 7 , two radio reporters from a recently installed community radio were ambushed in Putla de Guerrero , Oaxaca , and shot to death .
Teresa Bautista Flores , 24 , and Felicitas Martínez , 20 , two women journalists working for La Voz que Rompe el Silencio ( “ The Voice that Breaks the Silence ” ) , were murdered allegedly by paramilitary forces .
Three other people were wounded in the shooting : Jaciel Vázquez , aged 3 , and his parents .
In an interview with Radio Bemba in Sonora , Mexico , Jorge Albino , coordinator of La Voz que Rompe el Silencio said that the radio station had been receiving death threats since its inception .
The station was inagurated on January 20 to serve the Trique indigenous community in San Juan Copala , a year after the locality was granted administrative autonomy .
The Mexican branch of the World Association of Community Radio Broadcasters ( AMARC ) said there have been acts of violence against other small radio stations belonging to indigenous groups in Oaxaca , such as Radio Nandia in 2006 and Radio Calenda in 2007 .
Repoters Without Borders , an international organization created to defend press freedom and journalists under threat , reported that risks run by the press in Oaxaca state are common , where the political climate continues to be tense .
Two journalists were murdered in Oaxaca during a major wave of protests against state governor Ulíses Ruiz Ortíz in 2006 .
They were Indymedia reporter and U.S. citizen Bradley Will , and Raúl Marcial Pérez , an indigenous community leader and columnist for the regional daily El Gráfico .
No one has been brought to justice for their murders .
La Voz que Rompe el Silencio is considered a vital instrument to establish the peace in the region , said Jorge Albino in his interview with Radio Bemba .
“ The blood of our colleagues were not shed in vain .
In fact , it is with their blood that we will continue our work , boost the radio for the betterment of the Triquis community , ” he said .
Oaxacan women rose to international prominence in 2006 when they led the takeover of a TV station during the people ’s uprising in Oaxaca city .
What started as a women - only march on August 1 , culminated in the peaceful seizing of the state - owned television station , Channel 9 .
For three months , they collectively ran the station and opened a forum of discussion on the airwaves previously innaccesible to the community .
Their media revolution was only haltered when the Mexican government decided to attack their own station , destroying the antenna and effectively taking them off the air .
Taking over the communications broadcasting system , including several radio stations , has been heralded as a symbol of the popular movement in Oaxaca .
The Triqui indigenous people of San Juan Copala in southern Oaxaca , saw their first radio station , La Voz que Rompe el Silencio , as a major victory of their struggle .
When the community declared itself an autonomous region on January 21 , 2007 , it vowed to stay independent from any party affiliation or influence , creating even a Police of the Community ( Policia Comunitaria ) to replace government armed forces in the region .
The radio was to serve the Triquis people to promote unity , overcome conflicts , and encourage communication among communities , including those that are not formally members of the autonomous region .
The radio stressed from the beginning the importance of promoting diversity within the station with the participation of women and particularly , the youth .
Jorge Albino reported to Radio Bemba that the two murdered journalists were in fact focusing on the process of indigenous autonomy , including health and bilingual education .
Fearing the state of impunity in the region , radio administrators have circumvented local authorities and requested for a federal investigation into the murders .
( Photo : D.R. 2006 Nancy Davies .
Triqui women in the Oaxaca zocalo . )
FOR MORE INFORMATION : The Triquis Inaugurate Their New Autonomous Municipality , by Nancy DaviesRadio BembaVentana a Mi Comunidad
" dicen que somos muy jovenes para saber , pero deben de saber que somos muy jovenes para morir "
( They say we are too young to know , but they should know we are very young to die )
These were some of the first words broadcasted by the young women who were part of Radio Copala , " La Voz que Rompe el Silencio " ( the voice that breaks the silence ) , and whom were assassinated this past Sunday by paramilitary forces operating in Oaxaca .
Although the community of San Juan Copala has been subject to assassinations , disappearances and various forms of repression since becoming an autonomous municipality a little over a year ago , this has been the first attack more or less directly against the community radio .
Radio Copala was born with the celebration of the first anniversary of the autonomous municipality of San Juan Copala this past January 19th and 20th .
Based out of a forgotten room in a dusty building which previously had served as the post office , Radio Copala was built from scratch by the hands of Triqui women and children who daily continue the struggle against government and paramilitary forces who wish to exterminate the seeds of indigenous autonomy .
Broadcasting with only 5 wats of power , Radio Copala was nevertheless able to reach nearby triqui pueblos , and served ( and continues to serve ) as a crucial source of bilingual news , information , music , culture , etc ...
But just as indybay inevitably gets checked by cops , Radio Copala was most likely being monitored by paramilitaries this past Sunday April 6th , which led to the precision assassinations of Felicitas and Teresa .
La voz que rompe el silencio , the voice that breaks the silence , will not be silenced by the blood of these two young women :
R.I.P. Fecilitas y Teresa ,
Feli y
Tere , ustedes son mis amigas , son mis compañeras .
Caminé con ustedes , con la radio , desde principio , y estaré con ustedes para siempre .
luchabamos juntos , llorabamos juntos y jamas las olvidaré . "
“ QUE SU SANGRE SEA SEMILLA DE LIBERTAD … ” SAN ROMERO DE AMERICA
If you want to find out more information , get involved or have media or other useful contacts for spreading the story of San Juan Copala , please contact me .
Volunteers and / or people on the ground in Oaxaca are URGENTLY needed NOW .
Spanish skills and skills / experience with things like radio , computers , networking , basic electricity ( and a basic notion of la lucha en Mexico / Oaxaca ) preferred .
Right now a West and East coast speaking tour is in the works for the fall , but other ideas are welcome too .
Felicitas is furthest left , Teresa third from left .
The first broadcasts of Radio Copala during the 1st anniversary of the municipo autonomo de San Juan Copala .
Fecilitas is wearing the camo shirt facing away from the camera in the foreground .
Viva Radio Copala :: Viva Radio Comunitario
COMUNICADO DE PRENSA
ALTO A LA REPRESION EN OAXACA
El clima de violencia represiva que sufrimos los pueblos de Oaxaca se ha incrementado en los últimos meses .
Los secuestros , detenciones y asesinatos son en Oaxaca una política de Estado , con la cual el Gobierno de Ulises Ruiz busca frenar la lucha legitima de nuestros pueblos .
Los recientes asesinatos de los líderes indígenas Placido López Castro , Lauro Juárez y Rosalino Díaz son sólo una muestra de la violencia que se vive de manera cotidiana en nuestro estado .
A estos brutales crímenes que permanecen hasta ahora en la impunidad , se suma la muerte de nuestras compañeras Teresa Bautista Merino y Felicitas Martínez Sánchez quienes fueron emboscadas y asesinadas el pasado 7 de Abril .
El asesinato de nuestras compañeras , quienes eran locutoras de la Radio Triqui , La Voz que Rompe el Silencio , radio patrocinada por el Ayuntamiento Autónomo de San Juan Copala , fue perpetrado en las proximidades de Llano Juárez , Juxtlahuaca , zona donde ha sido denunciada la actuación de una banda de pistoleros ligada al partido Unidad Popular , este es un acto más de represión del Gobierno que encabeza Ulises Ruiz .
Ante este nuevo crimen de estado , demandamos una investigación a fondo y el castigo de los autores materiales e intelectuales del mismo , para ello demandamos públicamente que la investigación sobre este nuevo hecho de sangre que conmueve a la región triqui sea atraída por la Fiscalía Especializada para la Atención de Delitos cometidos en contra de periodistas y por la visitaduría de la CNDH relacionada con atentados en contra de los comunicadores .
Como parte de la situación que priva en nuestro estado , en diferentes cárceles se encuentran injustamente detenidos nuestros compañeros , Pedro Castillo Aragón , Flavio Sosa , Adán Mejía López , Miguel Ángel García , Miguel Juan Hilaria , Víctor Hugo Martínez Toledo , Roberto Cárdenas Rosas , Reynaldo Martínez Álvarez , Juliantino Martínez García , Homero Castro López , Constantino Castro López y Abraham Ramírez Vázquez de quienes exigimos su inmediata liberación .
Asimismo exigimos la cancelación de órdenes de aprehensión libradas en contra de cientos de indígenas y dirigentes sociales .
La impunidad , la fabricación de culpables y la indiscriminada liberación de ordenes de aprehensión y otros actos de hostigamiento contra líderes sociales y comunitarios , configuran en Oaxaca una política parapolicial y represiva , violatoria de las garantías constitucionales , los derechos humanos y los derechos de los pueblos indígenas .
Por lo cual exigimos :
1.- Castigo para los responsables materiales e intelectuales de los asesinatos de nuestros compañeros y compañeras Felicitas Martínez , Teresa Bautista , Lauro Juárez , Rosalino Díaz y Placido López Castro .
2. - La liberación inmediata de nuestros compañeros injustamente detenidos y la cancelación de cientos de ordenes de aprehensión libradas en contra de dirigentes sociales y representantes de pueblos indígenas .
3.- La presentación con vida de las compañeras triquis Virginia y Daniela Ortiz García , desaparecidas desde el mes de Julio del 2007
4. -Intervención inmediata en estos crímenes de la Procuraduría General de la República de acuerdo a sus facultades legales .
5.- El cese a la represión del Gobierno de Ulises Ruiz en contra del movimiento social en Oaxaca y el respeto pleno al derecho a la Autonomía de los pueblos Indios .
BASTA YA DE REPRESION EN OAXACA
Oaxaca de Juárez , Oax .
A 9 de Abril del 2008
Ayuntamiento Autónomo de San Juan Copala , Red de Radios Comunitarias Indígenas del Sureste de México , CODECI , OIDHO , Autoridades Municipales de Yosotatu , CACTUS , Centro de Orientación y Asesoria a los Pueblos Indígenas COAPI , Asoc. Nacional de Abogados Democráticos , AMAP , MAIZ , UCIZONI , CAMA , Codedi´Xanica , Radio Ayuuk , Radio Huave , Frente de Pueblos del Istmo en Defensa de la tierra , Radio Triqui , CEDAPI .
Consejo de Organizaciones y Pueblos de la Chinantla , Bienes comunales de Chalcatongo , Bienes Comunales de San Juan Yaveo , Comite de Presos Politicos de Ixcotel , Alianza Magonista Zapatista , estudiantes de la UABJO , Comisión Magisterial de derechos Humanos de la Secc. 22 del SNTE , Radio Arco Iris
CENTRO DE APOYO COMUNITARIO TRABAJANDO UNIDOS ( CACTUS )
BOLETIN DE PRENSA 1
8 DE ABRIL DEL 2008 .
“ QUE SU SANGRE SEA SEMILLA DE LIBERTAD … ”
SAN ROMERO DE AMERICA .
El Centro de Apoyo Comunitario Trabajando Unidos ( CACTUS ) , manifestamos nuestro repudio y dolor por el asesinato de nuestras compañeras y Hermanas Indígenas triquis ; FELICITAS MARTINEZ SANCHEZ y TERESA BAUTISTA MERINO , quienes cumpliendo con un cargo comunitario se desempeñaban como Locutoras de la radio Comunitaria ; “ la voz que rompe el silencio ” , ubicada en el Municipio autónomo de San Juan Copala , Oaxaca .
CACTUS demanda una investigación a fondo de esto hechos y exige castigo para los autores materiales e intelectuales que atentan contra la libertad de expresión de nuestros pueblos indígenas , con esto se demuestra una vez más el clima de violencia y represión que se vive en el Estado de Oaxaca , siempre con el encubrimiento de las instituciones en todos sus niveles , por lo que exigimos que la Procuraduría General de la Republica sea quien atraiga este caso , la Procuraduría Estatal no garantiza imparcialidad .
FELICITAS Y TERESA ; locutoras de la radio comunitaria cumplían con un cargo asignado por su comunidad y por su voz se escuchaba la voz de muchas otras mujeres , no es justo que en este país no se respete la libertad de expresión , y se acabe con la vida de quien como mujeres indígenas tuvieron el valor y ejemplo de empujar el silencio y convertirlo en palabra .
LA VOZ QUE ROMPE EL SILENCIO , perteneciente a la Red de Radio y Televisión Comunitarias Indígenas del Sureste de Mexicano , así como también a la Red de Comunicadores Indígenas de la Región Mixteca - Triqui exigimos justicia .
¡ NO MAS UNA OAXACA SIN MEDIOS LIBRES ¡
CASTIGO A LOS CULPABLES DE ESTE ASESINATO .
ALTO A LA REPRESION E IMPUNIDAD .
EXIGIMOS SEGURIDAD PARA LOS Y LAS COMUNICADORES INDIGENAS
FELICITAS Y TERESA SU VOZ YA HA ROTO EL SILENCIO
ATENTAMENTE
AREA DE COMUNICACIÓN COMUNITARIA INDIGENA
CACTUS
µ Watch
World 's First D - I-Y Scientific Calculator Watch !
The ultimate nerd status symbol
It even plays a mean game of CHESS !
Join the µ Watch Facebook group
Want to check out the features ?
-
Thanks to Andrew Davie there is now a superb USER MANUAL
The world 's most powerful ( and only ! ) programmable RPN / Algebraic scientific calculator watch
Built entirely using off - the - shelf components !
And the software is OPEN SOURCE too !
Ridiculous ?
- Perhaps
Cool ? - Very !
Super Nerdy ? -
You bet !
MY READING HISTORY
You do n't have anything in histories
... but not over here -->
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Vestergaard is built on the foundation of humanitarian entrepreneurship - that doing good is good business .
We believe that investing in the development of new technologies and establishing new markets within hard to reach or under resourced populations presents both great business opportunities and be an incredible force for good .
These thoughts did not come in any verbal formulation .
I rarely think in words at all .
A thought comes , and I may try to express it in words afterward .
- Albert Einstein
Crude oil prices keep breaking through record high prices , and it is quickly reflecting itself at the fuel pumps .
About the only thing you can do is try to find the cheapest prices , but you can waste as much in gas driving around as you will by finding it , and that 's where gas pricing location sites come in handy .
Just log in and see where the best prices are , and save yourself all of that driving around .
We 've covered the United States , Canada , Australia and the United Kingdom for you , so start price hunting !
FuelMeUp.com - 82,000 gas stations around the United States , and their prices are updated three times a day to reflect the latest information .
AltFuelPrices.com -
It is n't just standard gas that 's getting the price location treatment .
This site will help you find E85 , electric charging stations , hydrogen fuel and more , all of this along with their current prices .
FuelWatch.wa.gov.au -
An unusual site in that it is run by the government of Western Australia and by law , gas stations must inform them by 2:00 PM each day what the next day 's prices will be so that consumers can plan accordingly .
Lucky Aussies .
GasBuddy.com - Covering the United States and Canada , you can enter through the main site , or use one of the state specific domain names such as MissouriGasPrices.com .
When you go to the state specific pages you can see where the cheapest gas is for the state immediately .
GasNearU.com - GasNearU gives you a modern look ... until you pull up the prices .
Enter the zip code you want to know about and it will pull up the prices in a very basic HTML table , but it is missing the station names .
You can't always count on address numbers being visible on a building , so while this site does give you the info you want , it may not be all that helpful in reality .
GasPriceWatch.com - A Google Maps mashup that shows you stations for a given area , color codes the prices by age , and even lets you set up your page with your favorite stations .
GasTicker.com - A tracking site just for Canada , look prices up by province , or join their email list to have information delivered to you .
This insane montage of ( nearly ) every instance of “ What ? ” from the LOST series started me thinking about this genre of video meme , where some obsessive - compulsive superfan collects every phrase / action / cliche from an episode ( or entire series ) of their favorite show / film / game into a single massive video montage .
For lack of a better name , let ’s call them supercuts .
( Thanks , Ryan . )
Here are some examples I could find , but I ’m sure there must be more .
Post ’em in the comments and I ’ll add them .
Bonus points for supercuts with the most clips , the shortest clips , and in additional genres ( sports ? politics ? ) .
UPDATE : This entire list ( and many more ) is now on Supercut.org .
Add more there !
Film
Glengarry Glen Ross – Obscenity Count
Glengarry Glen Ross – “ The Leads ”
Ship , Computer , and Sauce in the first six Star Trek films
Shia LaBeouf in “ No No No No ”
Requiem for a Dream , montage of every drug montage ( meta ! )
Casino , every “ fuck ”
Big Lebowski , every “ fuck ”
Big Lebowski , Every “ dude ”
Big Lebowski , Every “ man ” ( thx , Matt )
True Romance , every kill from the finale
True Romance , every “ fuck ”
Rushmore , handjob references ( thx , Matt )
Scarface , every “ fuck ” ( thx , oscar )
The Departed , every “ fuck ” ( thx , oscar )
Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back , every “ fuck ” ( thx , MeatFarley )
All the pauses and silence in His Girl Friday from 1940 ( thx , progosk )
The Incredibles , buttons , doors , and explosions ( thx , Joshua )
Fargo , every “ yeah ” ( thx , Doobybrain )
Charles Bronson Death Wish Bodycount ( thx , Dave )
Chris Hefner ’s Talking Picture ( The Road to Ruin ) , removes all words from a 1938 film ( thx , Jamie )
Boondock Saints , every “ fuck ” ( thx , Brandon )
Midnight Run , every “ fuck ” ( thx , Lakawak )
Miscellaneous films , cops turning in their badge and gun ( thx , Darrin )
Every “ McFly ” from the Back to the Future trilogy
Cell phone cliches in horror films
Mirror scares
Nearly every Hitchcock film cameo ( thx , Oscar )
“ We ’ve Got Company ” ( thx , Buzzfeed )
“ Get out of there ! ” ( via Buzzfeed )
“ It ’s Gonna Blow ! ”
Every lightsaber ignition / retraction from the Star Wars series ( thx , Buzzfeed )
Everything Chris Klein Says in “ The Legend of Chun Li ” ( thx , Jeff )
“ You look like shit . ”
Every Arnold Schwarzenegger scream ( thx , Buzzfeed )
Every Nicolas
Cage freak - out
In 3D ! ( thx , Joe )
Every “ Michael ” in The Lost Boys
“ Now if you ’ll excuse me … ”
“ Blah blah blah . ”
7 minutes of face slaps in film
“ It ’s Showtime ! ”
“ Nooooooooo ! ” ( thx , Scott )
Every Bone Steven Segal Has Broken
TV
Every “ What ? ” from the LOST series
Legend of Zelda TV show , Excuse Me , Princess !
Knight Rider – Turbo Boosts
CSI : Miami , Caruso ’s One - Liners
The Simpsons , every couch intro
The Sopranos , Every single whacking
Ojamajo Doremi , every transformation
Star Trek : The Next Generation , Last 10 seconds of every episode of season 1
Every Dragonball Z transformation
Mighty Morphin’ Power Rangers , every finishing move from Season 1
Deadwood , every curse in Episode 1 , 2 , and 3 ( thx , Brian W )
LOST , Sawyer says “ Son of a Bitch ” ( thx , Jordan )
Rozen Maiden , every “ Desu ” ( 527 times !
More context , thx Jason )
Buffy the Vampire Slayer , every mention of “ Buffy ” from Season 1 ( Chuck Jones )
Battlestar Galactica , every “ frak ” from season 1 ( thx , Nowak )
Big Brother ’s Julie Chen , every “ but first ” ( thx , Cardhouse )
House M.D. , every “ lupus ” reference ( thx , engtech )
LOST , Sawyer ’s nicknames in the first three seasons ( thx , oscar )
Rachael Ray , “ Mmm ! ”
MTV ’s Newport Harbor , 82 “ like ”s in one episode ( thx , Jamie )
Red Dwarf , every “ smeg ” reference in all 52 episodes ( thx , arto )
LOST , Desmond saying “ Brother ” ( thx , cypher )
The Wire , Clay Davis ’ “ Sheeeeeit ” ( thx , dunk3d )
24 , Jack Bauer says “ damn it ” ( thx , jonathan )
The Simpsons – Homer ’s D’ohs , excerpt from an official episode ( thx , Scott )
Scrubs – Every Girls Name to J.D. from Dr. Cox ( thx , oscar )
Naruto – Every Rasengan from the filler story arcs ( thx , Binkley )
The Hills , without the dialogue ( thx , Rex )
Bea Arthur says “ Whoa ! ” on the Golden Girls ( thx , BWE )
The Office – “ That ’s What She Said ” ( thx , Jason )
“ I ’m not here to make friends ” from every reality TV show ( thx , Rich )
Dr. Who – “ What are you doing here ? ” ( thx , Duncan )
The Sopranos , every profanity
The Royle Family , every “ My Arse ! ” ( thx , Dunk )
Stargate SG - 1 ’s Teal ’c says “ Indeed ” ( thx , Torley )
Kramer ’s Entrances from Seinfeld ( thx , Buzzfeed )
Every “ Dude ” from Hurley on LOST
Every Secret Ingredient from Iron Chef America ( thx , Oscar )
Mad Men ’s Don Draper says , “ What ? ”
Every cigarette smoked on Mad Men
Every “ Christmas ” from the 90210 Christmas special
Star Trek , Spock says “ Fascinating ” ( thx , Scott )
MST3K , The Many Names of David Ryder ( thx , Nathaniel )
Games
Half - Life series , every G - Man sighting ( and part 2 )
Every Famicon ( NES ) Game Title Screen
Metal Gear Solid questions ?
( thx , William )
Miscellaneous Sources
Various films , Wilhelm Screams
Various films , The Slow Clap
Various films , NOOO !
Steve Jobs says “ Boom ! ” in Mac keynotes ( thx , Jeff )
Clip from Christian Marclay ’s “ Telephones ” from 1995 ( thx , progosk )
i Phone “ Hello ” ad , heavily inspired by “ Telephones ” ( thx , progosk )
Phil Collins ’
“ In the Air Tonight , ” every “ Oh Lord ” ( thx , oscar )
2008 State of the Union , without any speech
Bill Gates says “ Uh … ” in Rocketboom interview
Collage of “ Zoom In and Enhance ” scenes
“ Hey , Guys ! ” , collection of YouTube beauty guru intros
Collection of “ Myspace salutes ” ( more context )
“ I Could Tell You , But Then I ’d Have to Kill You ”
“ We ’re not in Kansas anymore . ”
Club Drunk Party
Hands , every use of those four words in the Billboard Top 10 for 2010
All the pauses in Sarah Palin ’s response to the 2011 Arizona shootings
Obama says “ spending ”
Audio
Only the inhaling from an hour of NPR ’s All Things Considered ( Chuck Jones )
Loveline , every question asked by the hosts ( Chuck Jones )
Loveline , every name mentioned in alphabetical order ( Chuck Jones )
Loveline , every “ Yes ” and “ No ” ( Chuck Jones )
Loveline , every number ( Chuck Jones )
Loveline , interjections ( Chuck Jones )
Loveline , dead air ( Chuck Jones )
NWA ’s Straight Outta Compton , obscenities only ( thx , oscar )
Honorable Mention
A commenter points to the work of Chicago artist Chuck Jones , who ’s created a number of excellent audio and video supercuts he calls Isolation Studies .
I ’ve listed them all above .
The “ Most Obsessive ” award goes to artists Jennifer & Kevin McCoy for their work Every Shot , Every Episode from 2001 , a 277 DVD set compiling 10,000 clips from Starsky & Hutch , arranged by categories like “ Every Dead Body , ” “ Every Mirror , ” “ Every Gunshot , ” and “ Every Affirmative Response . ”
Other work of theirs includes I Number the Stars , a shot - by - shot index of the first 20 Star Trek episodes in 120 categories , How I Learned , a 10,000 shot inventory of the show Kung Fu in over 100 categories , and Every Anvil , cataloguing the violence in 100 Looney Tunes cartoons .
Mind - blowing .
( Thx , Buzzfeed ! )
June 15 , 2011 :
The earliest supercut appears to be Joseph Cornell ’s “ Rose Hobart ” , a short film from 1936 .
It compiles nearly every scene featuring the obscure actress in the 1931 B - movie , East of Borneo .
Want more ?
Michael Bell - Smith and I launched a site dedicated to the supercut genre at Supercut.org .
A judge has ruled that the Santa Barbara News - Press committed flagrant violations of federal labor laws when it fired eight journalists for engaging in union activities , and he ordered that the newspaper rehire the former employees .
Evidence presented during a 17 - day hearing last summer shows “ the News - Press ’ widespread , general disregard for the fundamental rights of the employees , ” Administrative Law Judge William G. Kocol wrote in a 75 - page decision issued last week .
Kocol ruled in a case brought by the National Labor Relations Board , which accused the paper of retaliating against employees who planned to join a division of the Teamsters union .
“ This decision really is all - encompassing ; it ’s everything we wanted it to be , ” said Melinda Burns , who worked for the paper for 21 years before she was fired in October 2006 .
Advertisement
“ It ’s a clean sweep , ” union attorney Ira L. Gottlieb said .
Attorneys for the News - Press and its publisher , Wendy McCaw , said Monday that they were “ extremely disappointed ” with the ruling and that the paper “ will exhaust all possible appeals and fully expects to achieve justice through that appellate process .
The matter as a whole is in its infancy . ”
McCaw referred requests for an interview to her attorneys .
Nonetheless , some observers who have objected to McCaw ’s handling of the newspaper she bought in 2000 were quick to applaud Kocol ’s ruling .
“ I do n’t know whether there ’s going to be an immediate practical effect , but the psychic impact of this and the symbolic impact is enormous , ” said Lou Cannon , the longtime Washington political columnist and Reagan biographer who lives outside Santa Barbara .
Advertisement
“ You had all of these people who were really fine journalists and they were just thrown out in the street for no reason . ”
The dispute between McCaw and her newsroom , which has drawn attention in an industry sensitive to meddling by owners , burst into public view in July 2006 when five top editors resigned to protest what they said was McCaw ’s censorship of local news .
Dozens of other staff members have since left the paper , which has seen its average daily circulation fall to 33,755 as of Sept. 30 , down more than 10 % since March .
During the hearing before Kocol in Santa Barbara , News - Press managers testified that Burns and fellow reporter Anna Davison -- who was dismissed in early 2007 -- were fired for writing biased stories .
Six other newsroom staffers -- dismissed in February 2007 after hanging a banner from a pedestrian bridge over the 101 Freeway that read : “ Cancel Your Newspaper Today ! ” -- showed “ disloyalty against the company , ” an executive testified .
Advertisement
Kocol , however , ruled that all eight were illegally fired for engaging in union activity .
He also ruled that Davison and three colleagues were given poor performance reviews and denied bonuses for the same reason , and that Starshine Roshell ’s column was dropped because she supported the union .
Kocol also found that the paper had spied on employees ’ union activities , forced workers to remove buttons reading “ McCaw Obey the Law ” and fired a supervisor because he refused to go along with management ’s actions .
In addition to telling the News - Press to rehire the fired journalists and pay them back wages , Kocol ordered new evaluations for the four union supporters .
Burns , who has had to rent out her home and move in with a friend to make ends meet , said she wanted to return to work as soon as possible .
She and her colleagues were fighting for a contract that would protect their work and their rights from McCaw .
Advertisement
“ I think that the only thing we have is to try to turn this thing around and put out a good newspaper , ” she said .
Veteran sports reporter John Zant , one of the six reporters who held up signs urging subscription cancellations , said that although he welcomed the decision , he expected management to draw out the battle .
“ I ’m not counting my chickens on going back because of potential appeals and all that , ” said Zant , who wrote for the paper for 38 years .
“ It ’s certainly a good step in the right direction , ” he said .
“ It ’s now on the public record how the newspaper ’s owners have treated the employees . ”
Advertisement
martin.zimmerman@latimes.com
victoria.kim@latimes.com
When doctors wo n't tell . . .
Of all the online nutritional information , nutritional facts , medical and dietary sites there are to choose from , in an article entitled " How to ease the pain " The Sunday Times magazine , Culture , published a list of just five websites it considered reliable and informative .
This site was one of that five .
The Naive Vegetarian
There is . . . but one categorical imperative :
Act only on that maxim whereby thou canst at the same time will that it should become a universal law .
Immanuel Kant .
( The Categorical Imperative . )
Vegetarianism , as a way of life , has been around for millennia — with relatively few adherents .
Recently , however , reports in the news media , have suggested that a vegetarian way of life is healthier .
Not surprisingly
The Vegetarian Society has capitalised on these reports using them to persuade members of the lay public that their way is better for the animals , the environment , and , not least , for human health — and numbers are growing .
Vegetarianism has evolved several forms .
Generally the person who calls himself a vegetarian does not believe in killing animals and so does not eat meat and , sometimes , fish .
He does , however , eat eggs and dairy produce .
This form of vegetarianism , known more correctly as lacto - ovo - vegetarianism , is the most common form .
There are also more extreme and restricted diets : the vegan diet whose followers exclude all animal products , but otherwise eat anything from the plant world .
More restricted again are the Zen macrobiotic diets which consist almost exclusively of cereals and there are several variations on raw food — vegetarian — diets .
Vegans do not eat or use animal products , animal by - products , or products tested on animals .
The term vegan , formed from first three and last two letters of the word veg etari an , was coined in London in 1944 by seven vegetarians who founded the Vegan Society .
There are three main reasons why people become Vegans :
Concern for animals .
Many people turn to vegetarianism because they do not want to kill animals .
Vegans take it one step further .
Concerned about animal husbandry today , which they say are inhumane , vegans and avoid animal products completely .
Many people turn to vegetarianism because they do not want to kill animals .
Vegans take it one step further .
Concerned about animal husbandry today , which they say are inhumane , vegans and avoid animal products completely .
Health .
They believe that eating meat and dairy is bad for human health .
They believe that eating meat and dairy is bad for human health .
Environmental concerns .
They believe that animal farming damages the environment .
For example they aver that " Methane from cow flatulence is a major source of greenhouse gas emissions leading to global warming " .
Natural Hygiene is a variation of the Vegan diet .
Natural hygienists eat a diet of raw fruits , vegetables , nuts and seeds .
There is considerable disagreement within this movement about what constitutes ' natural hygiene ' .
Some natural hygienists eat animal products ; some advocate high fruit diets , while most discourage them ..
In the USA raw foods are espoused .
Raw Fooder — one whose diet is raw foods .
In theory this could include meat .
However , it is usually a vegan diet and can also be lacto - vegetarian , so long as the dairy foods eaten are raw .
Essenes are followers of Jesus Christ , in that they believe that Jesus was a member of the Essene sect , and a raw food vegetarian .
The Essene diet is a raw food diet of raw sprouts , wheatgrass , vegetables , and fruit .
Use of raw dairy is explicitly authorized by the Essene gospels , so the diet is often lacto - vegetarian rather than vegan .
Many Essenes use fermented dairy products , specifically yogurt .
After these vegetarian , but varied diets where many different foodstuffs are combined to provide a ' balanced ' diet , come others which which are both more extreme and more harmful to health — even though those who espouse them usually do so because they believe they are healthier .
They get progressively more dangerous in the order I have listed them
Zen-macrobiotic is a diet that limits intake to just cereals .
Living Fooder — a version of sproutarianism .
It also includes raw fermented foods and raw blended foods .
Sproutarian — one whose diet is predominantly sprouted seeds .
Fruitarian —
A fruitarian is one whose diet is at least 75 % fruit .
The rest is made up of sprouts or green leafed vegetables .
Breatharian —
This is more a non -diet as breatharians believe they can survive without eating at all , getting the nutrients and energy their bodies need from the air they breathe .
And then there are many subgroups who do eat some forms of animal life , while spurning others : Pollo- vegetarians and Pollo- vegans who include chicken ; Pesco-vegetarians and Pesco-vegans who include fish , are examples .
I would call them all omnivores .
There is at present a growing trend towards vegetarianism .
One of the results of the introduction of the ' healthy ' or ' prudent ' diet 's recommendation to eat less red meat has been the increasing numbers of people who are turning to a vegetarian diet .
Polls carried out in 1988 ( 1 ) and 1989 ( 2 ) indicated that some three percent of British subjects called themselves vegetarian or vegan — a slight increase on figures obtained during the previous four years .
Motivations given included disapproval of intensive animal farming methods , rejection of animal slaughter , dislike of the taste or texture of meat , and about half of those polled mentioned health concerns ( 3 ) .
One can sympathise with the moral argument , as food animals are kept indoors unnaturally , while their natural outdoor environment is turned into golf courses .
And it may seem difficult at first to answer the question : ' How can you justify slaughtering an innocent animal for food ? '
The road to vegetarianism often starts in college .
Most professed vegetarians are in the twenty - six to thirty - five age group with comparatively few under twenty or over forty .
The young impressionable student learns a little about ecology .
He reads that animals are brought up in unnatural surroundings and fed hormones and chemical supplements to make them grow faster or leaner , and that those substances remain in the meat which we eat .
He also learns that pollutants , pesticides and other toxic substances drain into our waterways and seas , are eaten by fish which again we eat .
He knows that the protein he got from meat and fish is necessary for his health , but he learns that many vegetables such as cereals , beans , nuts , seeds and tubers contain protein .
Besides , he can ensure adequate protein if he supplements his diet from indirect animal sources such as milk , cheese and eggs — without having to kill anything .
On top of this , he has been subjected to a great deal of propaganda telling him that a diet lower in meat and higher in vegetables is more healthy .
And , lastly , if he buys organically grown vegetables , he will avoid the pollutants .
They will cost a little more , but he is saving the price of the meat and , anyway , it would be a small price to pay .
Then he is told that meat production is a waste of the earth 's resources .
The high quality grain which is fed to animals which are then fed to us , would be used more efficiently if we did without the animals and ate the grain ourselves .
Not only would that grain feed more of us , the land presently used to rear animals , he is assured , could itself be used to grow even more grain to feed the starving .
It soon seems clear to him that in our modern world , where a third of the population is starving , meat production by any country must constitute waste of criminal proportions .
So he becomes a vegetarian .
True , he has had to sacrifice the pleasure of eating meat , which he had found to be very palatable , but his conscience is clear and he is assured of a healthier life .
Unfortunately , it is n't as simple as that .
The student knows a little , but the adage that ' a little learning is a dangerous thing ' was never truer than in this context .
The human population of this planet is now approaching six billion and , even if every country on Earth enforced a strict and effective birth - control policy today , it is estimated that the total population will climb to fifteen billion before stabilising .
The Earth 's total land area is 179,941,270 square kilometres ( 69,479,518 square miles ) .
A little simple mathematics tells us that at present , on average , one square kilometre has to support just over thirty - three people .
If all of it were cultivated , that would certainly be possible .
The argument fails , however , because not all of it is available for arable cultivation .
The main environmental factors which determine plant development and distribution are climate and soil type .
We can discount the whole of the unproductive continent of Antarctica , so that reduces the total by 13,335,740 square kilometres immediately .
We can also discount , at least as far as arable farming is concerned , all other ice - covered areas , tundra , mountains , deserts , heath and moor land , areas covered by rivers , salt marshes and lakes , cities , roads , and railways ; and to a large extent semi-deserts , savannah , rain forest , low - lying meadow land and areas liable to regular flooding .
We have now discounted most of the Earth 's surface .
In fact , only eleven percent of the land surface is farmed .
Almost all of the land we have just discounted does support grass or other plant life which we cannot utilise directly .
We need a system which converts that grass into a form of food that we can eat .
And we have one : much of the land we have discounted for arable use can be , and is , used for the raising of food animals .
Take New Zealand , for example .
Here we have a country of 269,000 square kilometres — larger than Great Britain — with a human population of 3 million , a sheep population of 42 million ( see figure 1 ) and many cattle .
When I was in New Zealand for three months in Spring 1999 , I did n't see one field of grain .
It was n't surprising : as the ground is rarely flat and the volcanic rock on which New Zealand is built is very close to the surface , that country is quite unsuitable for the cultivation of grain ( see figure 2 ) .
And the same applies to many other parts of the world .
At present one - third of the world 's population is starving .
If we all became vegetarians , we would have no use for , and would stop farming , all the land that will support only food animals .
But taking all the land that supports food animals , but cannot support arable farming , out of production is hardly likely to ease the problem .
In many areas where animals are farmed , they are the only things which can be farmed .
In these areas , therefore , animal farming is the most efficient use of the land .
The vegetarian may argue that land that is not cultivable at present can be made so , but it is an argument which has already been shown to be false .
The situation with respect to land use is not static .
As the population has increased this century , so the amount of land available for cultivation has decreased .
Where deforestation has taken place to make way for cultivation , soils have been exposed to higher precipitation and temperatures ( 4 ) .
These processes deplete the soil 's organic matter , the soils harden and turn to desert .
In 1882 , desert or wasteland covered an estimated 9.4 percent of the Earth 's surface .
By 1952 that area had increased to nearly twenty - five percent .
It is a growing trend and one which , once it has happened , is very difficult , if not impossible , to reverse .
In many areas with naturally low productive capability , irrigation is used to increase agricultural productivity .
But irrigation carries with it the seeds of its own destruction .
Semi-arid soils are characteristically salty .
The irrigation water , from essentially the same area , is also usually saline .
Without adequate drainage , the irrigation water seeps into the soil and raises the water table .
This brings the underlying water nearer the surface where it evaporates more freely , leaving behind the salty chemicals .
In time , the salts of sodium , magnesium and calcium clog the pores in the soil and leave a whitish bloom on the surface .
This process not only destroys the soil structure so that yields fall , it leads eventually to a level of salinity where no plant can grow .
Kovda estimates that between sixty and eighty percent of all irrigated land , that is millions of acres , is being transformed into deserts in this way .
Most of the world 's surface is not covered by land , but by the oceans and seas .
At present , millions of tonnes of fish are caught or farmed each year .
As well as not eating meat , many vegetarians do n't eat fish .
If vegetarianism really caught on and everybody on the planet stopped eating fish , the two - thirds of the population who are not starving at present would soon join the third who are .
The prosperous , well - fed United Kingdom has a total land area of some 88,736 square miles ( 229,827 sq km ) and a population of 57,537,000 ( 1991 Census ) .
Arable and orchard farming occupy thirty percent while permanent meadow and pasture , which support food animals , covers fifty percent of the total area .
But all of that is woefully insufficient — we still have to import one - third of the food that we need .
The UK 's major livestock production is sheep , which are reared in almost every part of the kingdom .
If we all became vegetarians , the mountains of Wales and Scotland would become largely unproductive , as would the moorlands of central and northern England .
We would not eat the 720,000 tonnes of fish caught each year — over 12.7kg ( 28 lbs ) per head .
If we all became vegetarians , how much more food would we have to import ?
and where would it come from ?
The USA and Canada , who are net exporters of grain , might seem to be the answer to the latter question , although our food import bill — already £ 6 billion per annum — would rise alarmingly .
If they too became vegetarian , however , they too would need to import .
No : if we all became vegetarians , make no mistake , we would starve .
For many lacto - ovo- vegetarians , the killing of animals is a problem .
On moral grounds some are tending to change to eating fish — although the logic whereby the killing of fish is considered correct if the killing of land animals is not , escapes me .
They are encouraged in this change by the belief that the eating of fish is what has allowed the Japanese to live longer and that it is good for them .
Wanting to be healthy themselves , they buy sea fish like cod , sea bass , red snapper and haddock .
But these are not the ' healthy ' , omega - 3 - oil bearing fish that doctors are advising us to eat .
Fish stocks are declining .
Cod used to be a cheap fish .
It is presently £ 7.70 per kilogramme , — over £ 2 more than farmed salmon .
As prices reflect the laws of supply and demand , this can mean only one thing : there is a shortage of cod .
Cod is not the only fish that is scarce around Britain , so are haddock , wild salmon and monkfish .
It is the same story world - wide .
The one fish which is plentiful now is the North - Sea herring .
This does contain omega - 3 oils and , with the mackerel , is good for us .
It is also the cheapest fish on the market , yet the British have almost stopped eating it .
The fish for which we have rejected herring is tuna from the Pacific and other exotic species : tiger prawns from India and sailfish from the Caribbean .
This change reflects a growing and disturbing trend .
With the North Sea almost fished out and now highly regulated , third - world fishermen , hungry for foreign currency , are plundering their own declining stocks in other unregulated oceans .
With fish becoming increasingly difficult to catch in quantity , modern fishermen and their equipment are becoming increasingly sophisticated .
Cornish fishermen are using four - mile - long drift nets to catch tuna in the northern Atlantic .
The nets are called ' walls of death ' because of the numbers of dolphins and other unwanted fish they catch .
The Japanese fish for tuna with lines up to sixty - five miles long with thousands of baited hooks .
In the North Sea , trawling does more damage than pollution .
Fish are very good at renewing themselves — if they are allowed to do so .
But few will let them .
Despite international agreements and quotas , in the northern seas , no - one , with the possible exception of Iceland , is managing their fish stocks properly and the problem of over - fishing is spiralling out of control .
Fishermen 's methods have been likened to farming .
But they are centuries behind : where the farmer sows and reaps , the fisherman , like the primitive hunter - gatherer , only reaps .
He does not use his resources nearly as efficiently as the land farmer .
Without fish , we would be hard pressed in this island for sufficient high - quality food .
We need fish , but we will only exacerbate the problem of over - fishing if we switch from meat to fish — from efficient animal farming to inefficient and wasteful fishing .
A question frequently posed by vegetarians is : how can you justify killing an innocent animal for food ?
This question may seem difficult to answer at first but really it is not .
Would it be reasonable to ask a lion to justify his killing of an innocent gazelle ?
Of course not : it is natural for the lion to kill the gazelle and that is justification enough .
And what of a gazelle 's right not to be eaten ?
Put this way , you can see that such questions are really meaningless .
The same is true for us , for we are not a vegetarian species .
But , if the desire not to kill animals is a vegetarian 's reason for his stance , then he should know that , when land is farmed for food crops , more animals are killed .
The following e-mail I received illustrates this well :
Dear Dr Groves
I agree with most of your points concerning the poor reasoning of most vegetarians .
As a fairly observant zoologist , pathologist and sometimes farmer I can add even more .
As you and I know , most vegetarians are motivated , at least in part , by their view of the immorality of exploiting animals .
Most of them , of course , are city dwellers who have never had the opportunity to till , plant and harvest a field with a vegetable crop .
Crop agriculture , even if inveterbrates are excluded , is devastating to small amphibians , reptiles , nesting birds and mammals .
Even the occasional larger mammal is injured during the cropping process .
Unavoidably , the plow destroys burrows and young .
Harvest machines kill some animals directly and expose others to the tender mercies of predators .
Many times , I have watched as coyotes and hawks follow my tractor feasting on the victims of the plow and reaper [ hey , but it is nice for these predators ] .
Really , how could it be otherwise ?
Vegetables and cereals are the foods of many animals .
For rodents , crops are a real bonanza in terms of food and shelter .
They multiply rapidly which only increases the tally during field preparation and harvest .
To my thinking , there is little question that raising animals for meat , especially if they are not fattened with agricultural products , is far less devastating to animal life than is agriculture .
If one acre of land produces one sheep a year for slaughter , one life is taken .
If one acre of land is put into cereal production the cost in just mammalian life can be measured in the dozens or more .
Of course , animal death due to cropping is " invisible " and therefore does n't happen .
Lamb chops in the market are visible and vegetarians weep for the victim .
I know that these realities have no impact on animal - rights types -— they are not nearly so concerned with animal death and suffering as they are with animal death and suffering due to deliberate human actions .
Their emphasis is , in fact , not on animal welfare but on the control of other human beings .
Ron B .
Vegetarianism is unnatural .
This is not a modern finding .
The Bible gives us evidence of this , and clues that vegetarianism was not regarded with favour .
In Genesis , Chapter Four , Eve bears Cain and Abel .
' And Abel was a keeper of sheep , but Cain was a tiller of the ground . '
That ' but ' in the middle of the sentence is the first clue to disapproval .
This disapproval is confirmed by verses three to five .
Abel and Cain bring offerings to God : Abel of his sheep and Cain , the fruits of the ground .
God , we are told , had respect for Abel 's carnivorous offering , but He had no respect for Cain 's vegetarian one .
The Bible , however , can only give an indication of the feeling of the time in which it was written .
It does not provide a convincing answer to the question of what we really should eat .
Are we a carnivorous , omnivorous or vegetarian species ?
The answer to that question lies in our past .
But not the immediate past .
The way we live now is based on advanced agriculture and the domestication of plants and animals .
This is a very recent invention : we can not have adapted to it yet .
To determine what foods are likely to make up an ideal diet for us as a species , we must look further back , at our evolutionary history .
For the food we have adapted to and should eat now is not a matter for current dietary fads , it is determined by what we have adapted to over millions of years and is coded in our genes .
We can trace Man 's evolution from remains found in Africa and other parts of the world of early hominids dated as long ago as five and a half million years ( 5 ) .
We have fossilised bone records of both man and animals .
We have found stone tools and implements that must have been used for killing and cutting flesh or for grinding plants .
We even have found hominid faeces .
These findings have led to a great deal of speculation .
Are we a carnivorous , omnivorous or a herbivorous species ?
We call our ancestors and the various modern primitive tribes , ' hunter - gatherers ' .
In the world today , some tribes live exclusively on meat and fish .
Others live largely on fruit , nuts and roots , although meat is also highly prized .
It is obvious , therefore , that we can survive on a wide variety of foods .
But which , if any , is our natural diet as a species ?
There are three possible combinations of diet we can consider :
that we were wholly carnivorous , hunting and killing animals ;
or that we were omnivorous , eating a mixed diet of both animal and plant origin ;
or that we were herbivorous , i.e. vegetarians .
The vegetarian hypothesis has it that we were wholly dependent on plant foods and that meat never played an important part in our evolution .
It is a hypothesis that has had fervent support in the USA .
The first evidence lies in the fossil sites .
Where hominid remains are found , so also are animal bones — at times in their thousands .
If we were not meat - eaters , why is that ?
Secondly , although modern hunting tribes do eat plants , they have fire .
Without it , there are very few plant foods with sufficient calorific value that we could have digested .
There were fruits , of course , but there is not one prehistoric site in all Africa that indicates forests extensive enough to have supplied sufficient fruit to meet the needs of its inhabitants .
Indeed , there is agreement that our ancestors did not dwell in forests at all but on the savannahs where there were vast plains of grass .
However , grass is of no value to our digestive system .
Even to live off fleshier leaves would require the much more highly specialised digestive systems of other primates .
Compare the shape of the gorilla against that of the man in Figure 3 .
The area between the chest and the legs of the gorilla is much greater than the same part of the man .
This is because the gorilla , a herbivore , needs a much larger digestive system .
The walls of all plant cells are made of cellulose , a form of dietary fibre .
There is no enzyme in the human digestive system that will break it down .
And with the cell walls intact , the nutrients in the cells can not be digested .
Passing unaffected straight through the gut , therefore , all the nutrients in the plant would be ejected as waste .
Studies conducted on monkeys have led to the suggestion that the seeds of the grass could have supplied us with the energy we required ( 6 ) .
However , if this were the case , why is it that we cannot eat them now without cooking them first ?
Seeds , the staples such as rice , wheat , maize and beans , play an important part in our lives today .
All of them , however , must be cooked before we can eat them in any quantity .
Seeds and berries are a plant 's reproductive system .
Many are designed to attract animals to eat them but there would be little point in this if the seeds were digested .
No , they are indigestible — deliberately , designed to pass through the animal to be defecated and take root elsewhere .
Two means only are available to make them digestible : cooking and grinding .
Before fire was harnessed , the only means by which the seeds could have been rendered digestible would have been by pounding them and breaking down the plant cell walls , but no archaeologist has ever found a Stone Age tool for this job .
If chewing were the method used to do the job , a very large proportion of the seeds would escape and , passing through the body undigested , end up in the faeces .
Hominid faeces , or coprolites as they are called , have been found and studied in detail ( 7 ) .
Older coprolites from Africa contain no plant material .
Relatively recent ones from north America have included just about everything that could remotely be called edible : from eggshells and feathers to seeds and vegetable fibres .
But these remains occur only after the Paleoindians had mastered fire , and even then , seeds had passed through undigested and unharmed .
Thus there is no doubt that seeds cannot have been a natural part of their diet .
Homo erectus began to appreciate the value of fire around 350,000 years ago ( 8 ) .
It is true that if our ancestors had started cooking grain then , we could have evolved and adapted to it by now .
However , cooking grain is not as easy as cooking meat .
You cannot hang it in a chunk over the fire or lie it in the embers .
To cook grain and other seeds , you need a container of some sort .
The oldest known pot is only 6,800 years old .
In evolutionary terms , that was only yesterday .
For any reliance on cooking , you also need a controlled fire .
Although hearths have been discovered that are 100,000 years old , these are relatively rare .
European Neanderthal coprolites from around 50,000 years ago , before the use of fire , contain no plant material whatsoever .
It was not until Cro-Magnon 's colonisation of Europe , some 35,000 years ago , that hearths became universal .
However , even then they were used merely for warmth , not for cooking plants .
At the time , Europe was in the grip of a succession of ice - ages .
For some 70,000 years there were long , cold winters and short , cool summers .
Cro-Magnon and his Eurasian ancestors cannot have eaten plants — for most of the year there were n't any !
He ate meat or he died .
And he ate that meat raw .
The evidence was already overwhelming that we could not be a vegetarian species .
However , in 1972 the publication of two independent investigations really nailed the lid on the vegetarian hypothesis 's coffin .
The first concerned fats ( 9 ) .
About half our brain and nervous system is composed of complicated , long - chain , fatty acid molecules .
The walls of our blood vessels also need them .
Without them we cannot develop normally .
These fatty acids do not occur in plants .
Fatty acids in a simpler form do but they must be converted into the long - chain molecules by animals — which is a slow , time - consuming process .
This is where the herbivores come in .
Over the year , they convert the simple fatty acids found in grasses and seeds into intermediate , more complicated forms that we can convert into the ones that we need .
Our brain is considerably larger than that of any ape .
Looking back at the fossil record from early hominids to modern man , we see a quite remarkable increase in brain size .
This expansion needed large quantities of the right fatty acids before it could have occurred .
It could never have occurred if our ancestors had not eaten meat .
Human milk contains the fatty acids needed for large brain development — cow 's milk does not .
It is no coincidence that in relative terms , our brain is some fifty times the size of a cow's .
The vegetarian will be dismayed to learn that while soya bean is rich in complete protein , and grains and nuts also combine to provide complete proteins , none contains the fats that are essential for proper brain development .
Although the eating of fats today is believed by some to be a cause of heart disease ( erroneously , see The Cholesterol Myth ) , we know that our ancestors ate large amounts of fat .
Animal skulls are broken open and the brains scooped out ; long bones likewise are broken for their marrow content .
Both brain and marrow are very rich in fat .
The second investigation ( 10 ) concerned the inedibility of many of today 's plant foods in the raw state which contain many anti-nutrients that can damage a wide variety of human physiological systems .
These antinutrients include alkylrescorcinols , alpha - amylase inhitors , protease inhibitors , etc .
These must be broken down by cooking , and cooking for a long time , before they can be eaten safely .
Beans and other legumes although rich in both carbohydrate and protein , also contain protease inhibitors .
Starchy roots — yams and cassava — are common staples today , but if not well cooked are very toxic indeed .
The cassava even contains cyanide which must be oxidised by heat to make it safe to eat .
And apart from the anti-nutrients above , the starch in cereals — wheat , rice , barley , oats , and rye — are also inedible in quantity if not cooked first .
Cooking causes the starch granules in the flour to swell and be disrupted by a process called gelatinization Without this the starch much less accessible to digestion by pancreatic amylase .
( 11 ) ( See also soybeans below . )
Unlike meat , which can be easily digested in its raw state , vegetables should really never be eaten raw and cereals should be fermented and then cooked for a very long time before being eaten to neutralise the phytic acid and other toxic anti-nutrients .
That fact that we do n't do these things is the reason for so much atopic disease — asthma , eczema , and so on — around today .
There is no doubt whatsoever that we can not be a vegetarian species .
From at least the time that Homo erectus appeared in the cold Eurasian continent some 500,000 years ago , we must have lived on and adapted to a diet almost exclusively of meat .
All this evidence points to our being pure carnivores , as are the big cats .
However , we are a remarkably successful species .
It is unlikely that we would have been quite so successful if we had been forced to rely on only one source of food .
It is obvious from archaeological remains that we tended to be more opportunist eaters .
We hunted and ate meat primarily but , if meat was in short supply , we would eat almost anything — so long as it did not require cooking .
This still precluded some of the roots and most of the legumes and cereals that we eat today .
When meat was in short supply , we got our protein from nuts and ate fruits and berries .
During our evolution , therefore , when we lived well , our diet was high in protein and fat : during lean times it was richer in carbohydrates .
So , our ideal diet , the one we evolved and adapted to , must also be one which is high in proteins and fats , and low in carbohydrates .
There is one further piece of evidence that really confirms this .
That is the design of our digestive organs and digestive enzymes , which are exactly like those of the great carnivores — and nothing at all like those of a herbivore .
Click here for that comparison
About 9,000 years ago our ancestors started to domesticate wild grasses .
From these we get the cereals we know today : wheat , barley , maize , rice .
We could not eat them directly as the starch molecule is too large for our digestive process to cope with .
It had to be broken down first by cooking .
This development began a dramatic change in Man 's lifestyle .
Once our ancestors produced controlled quantities of higher - energy starches which could be stored , their numbers could grow .
And as numbers grew , it became more difficult to maintain their supplies through hunting .
Thus their basic diet changed from a high protein / fat diet to one largely of carbohydrate .
This radical change of diet brought with it radical changes to our ancestors , both in physique and in health .
As vegetable foods made up an increasing proportion of our diet and intakes of meat declined , so our height also declined .
European , meat - eating Homo erectus erectus of 30,000 years ago was some 150 mm ( 6 inches ) taller than his agricultural descendants .
Indeed , even today we are still shorter than they were .
We see the same pattern in North America .
The Paleoindian hunters of 10,000 years ago were much taller than their farming descendants at the time of European conquests of the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries AD .
There is no evidence of nutritional diseases before the advent of agriculture .
After it , there is .
The cereal crops that became the modern staples , together with root crops which began to be cultivated , are all relatively deficient in protein and the B vitamins .
Additionally , all the cereals contain a substance called phytic acid which binds with a number of minerals and other nutrients and reduces their availability to the digestion .
As a consequence , with the coming of agriculture we see the appearance of a number of nutritional diseases such as rickets , pellagra , dental caries , beriberi , obesity , allergies and cancers .
We see the emergence of the ' diseases of civilisation ' .
About two hundred years ago there began a second dietary revolution which was brought about with the introduction of industrialisation .
This had two powerful but opposite effects on our health .
The industrialised countries with their increased wealth no longer had to rely on home - produced food with its seasonal changes , they could import the food they needed .
Thus the populations of those countries could look forward to going through life without ever being hungry .
A good thing , you might think , but it brought with it adverse effects .
Many of the imported foods were unnatural to those eating them .
The new fruits , in particular , as well as being novel , tasted nice .
As a consequence , we changed from eating what we needed to eating what we liked .
And with no previous experience of these foods , our bodies had never learned when to stop .
Subsequently , science made possible the production of synthetic foods which had the appearance , texture and taste of the real thing , but with none of the proteins , minerals and vitamins .
Sugar , which contains no useful nutrients whatsoever , became easy and cheap to produce , leading to a 30 - fold increase in its consumption .
The industrial revolution , therefore , was something of a two - edged sword .
On the one hand it gave people a wider range of nutritious food than had ever before been possible ; on the other hand it brought diabetes , peptic ulcers , heart disease and yet more dental caries , cancers and obesity .
In the late twentieth century the speed at which our diet has become increasingly unnatural has quickened .
When a music - hall singer at the beginning of the twentieth century sang that ' a little of what you fancy does you good ' , there was still an element of truth in it — at least as far as diet was concerned .
When hunger signalled that the body needed more nourishment , appetite determined which elements .
At one time , we ate what we had an appetite for , and the body 's needs were met .
Nature told us what to eat and by this means , nature ensured that we ate a balanced diet .
Over the last two centuries , and increasingly during the last two decades , however , the situation has changed dramatically .
During the millions of years that we have been evolving , we have been eating our natural food .
We had a sense of taste that told us what was good for us and what was poisonous .
Like all animals on this planet , we ate what we liked without danger either from nutritional deficiency or from overindulgence .
But when food is changed from its natural state that no longer holds true .
At first , all our food , whether from animal or vegetable sources , was eaten raw .
Now cooking food has become a way of life .
Most people in Western society today would not eat uncooked meat .
Indeed , as possible pathogens would not be killed , it may be unwise to eat raw meat .
But , while boiling parallels the first stages of digestion , and may be helpful in that process , over - cooking in a way that chars food can present the digestive processes with food which it has great difficulty digesting .
In 1838 , in Canada , Dr. William Beaumont performed a remarkable series of experiments on a man named Alexis St. Martin .
St. Martin had an opening in the front wall of his stomach from a gunshot wound .
Even after the wound had healed , there remained a small opening through which the mucous membrane of his stomach could be seen and , through which , substances could be introduced into the stomach or removed from it .
Dr. Beaumont was able to introduce foodstuffs through the opening and observe the rate of digestion .
By so doing , he found that raw beef digested in two hours , well done boiled beef in three hours but well done roast beef took four hours .
Similarly , raw eggs were digested in one - and - a - half hours but hard - boiled eggs took three - and - a - half hours .
In contrast , the cellulose which envelops cereal grains and which is the major constituent of vegetable cell walls , cannot be broken down by the digestive juices at all .
They are ruptured only by the process of cooking .
Cooking is also the only means of breaking down the large starch molecules so that we can digest them .
As a consequence , cereals and many other vegetables need not only to be cooked , but well cooked , before they can be digested .
That is not to say , however , that cooking presents no other problems .
Cooked food , for example , can be damaging to the teeth .
We know that sugar is a major cause of cavities in teeth , particularly children 's teeth .
We also know that the effect is worse if the sugary food is sticky .
Dates and toffee are both high in sugars and stick around the teeth .
Both , therefore , might be expected to cause cavities .
But while toffee does cause dental caries , Arabs who eat sticky , sweet dates have healthy teeth .
Why the difference ?
All living organisms have immune systems which protect them from invading bacteria .
At the time of being eaten , the raw dates are still living organisms and their immune systems are working .
The bacteria which would ferment the sugars in the dates and form the acid which attacks teeth , are repelled .
That is not the case with cooked and , therefore , dead toffee .
Cooking can also destroy some nutrients : Vitamin C is a good example .
Thus nutrients , which might be present when food is ' natural ' , are lost and their correct balance may also be lost .
Cooking food , therefore , may cause changes to which the body 's systems are not entirely adapted and which , as a consequence , may cause us minor problems .
Today , however , food has been changed much more radically and in a shorter time span — a time span much too short for us to have evolved and adapted to it .
A large proportion of the food we eat now can no longer be called natural .
This is particularly so in the case of carbohydrates — sugars and starches .
There is a considerable body of evidence that it this change which is the cause of so many of today 's ills .
There are a number of vegetable - based foods which are processed to such a high degree that nothing but pure carbohydrate is left .
The obvious example is white , granulated sugar .
Sugar cane and sugar beet contain a significant proportion of protein which is lost during processing .
Also lost are other nutrients such as vitamins and fibre .
The end product is pure , concentrated carbohydrate .
It is this concentration that is so unnatural .
This has not happened with protein as it is relatively expensive .
Neither has it happened with fats as they are already concentrated naturally .
The concentration of carbohydrate allowed a dramatic and rapid increase in its consumption .
Annual sugar consumption in Britain in the middle of the eighteenth century was less than two kilogrammes ( 4½ lbs ) per person , today it is more than sixty kilogrammes ( 130 lbs ) .
The same is true of cereals , albeit to a lesser degree .
Many packaged foods today contain what is euphemistically called ' modified starch ' .
This again is highly concentrated carbohydrate , in this case cereal starch .
This concentration of sugars and starches is done to make foods cheaper , more attractive and , of course , to make a bigger profit for the manufacturers .
But it has had serious effects in large sections of the population .
The body 's natural nutrient - requirement signal , the appetite , has not evolved to cope with such unnatural foods .
It knows when to stop us eating meat , but not when to stop us eating chocolate bars and cakes .
It is also much easier to eat modern white bread than the stodgy , pre-Industrial - Revolution bread .
During the past century there have been dramatic rises in a number of previously rare diseases .
These include heart disease , cancers , diabetes , peptic ulcers , tooth decay , constipation and obesity .
Although dietary fat is blamed for many of them , a half century of research has failed consistently to provide any convincing evidence in support of this hypothesis ( 13 ) .
The fat - and - heart disease hypothesis relies on comparisons between disease patterns in ' civilised ' countries and more primitive societies , and the amounts of fat in their respective diets .
They purport to show that where a lot of fat is eaten there is a high incidence of heart disease , while others who eat less fat have lower incidences of the disease .
However , if one makes similar comparisons , replacing fat with sugar , one finds similar patterns .
And with sugar the argument is much more compelling .
The food that we eat is made up of many different nutrients .
We need energy which we measure in calories .
Fats , carbohydrates and proteins all contain energy and so lack of energy is generally not a problem .
But we also need a variety of minerals , trace elements and vitamins .
Although we need them only in small amounts , they are vital to our health .
The diet of the adult lacto - ovo - vegetarian may be more bulky and lower in energy than a mixed diet , but because he is consuming eggs , milk and cheese , his diet generally is nutritionally similar to the mixed diet and there is little problem .
However , while it is possible to meet the body 's nutritional requirements with the vegan diet if great care is taken , without that care there is a real risk of deficiencies leading to serious ill - health .
This risk increases as diets become more restricted .
Historical evidence shows that Man can live healthily on diets which vary enormously in their content .
However , it also tells us that , generally , the further one gets from a diet which includes animal products , the greater is the risk of ill health .
The most important deficiency for the vegan is of vitamin B - 12 .
By definition vitamin B - 12 is essential to human life .
It is essential for the synthesis of nucleic acids , the maintenance of the myelin sheath ( the insulation around nerves which when damaged causes Multiple Sclerosis ) ; indeed its presence or deficiency affects nearly all body tissues , particularly those with rapidly dividing cells .
Without it we suffer from pernicious anaemia which , as its name suggests , is deadly , and a degeneration of the nervous system .
Vitamin B - 12 is unique among vitamins in that while it is found universally in foods of animal origin , where it is derived ultimately from bacteria , there is no active vitamin B - 12 in anything which grows out of the ground .
Where vitamin B - 12 is found on plants it is there only fortuitously in bacterial contamination .
Bacteria in the human colon make prodigious amounts of vitamin B - 12 .
Unfortunately , this is useless as it is not absorbed through the colon wall .
Dr. Sheila Callender ( 14 ) tells of treating vegans who had severe vitamin B - 12 deficiency by making water extracts of their stools which she fed to them , thus affecting a cure .
An Iranian vegan sect unwittingly also makes use of the fact that human stools contain vitamin B - 12 .
Investigators could not understand how members of this sect remained healthy until their investigations showed that they grew their vegetables in human manure — and then ate the vegetables without being too fussy about washing them first ( 15 ) .
To enable vegans to survive , vitamin B - 12 is added artificially to breakfast cereals in Britain and may be bought in pill form .
This is hardly a natural way to get food and in many cases it is self - defeating .
Vitamin B - 12 is also unlike all other vitamins in that it occurs as a number of analogues , only one of which , cyanocobalamin , is active for humans .
In collecting human stools for analysis Dr. Victor Herbert found that of each one hundred micrograms of vitamin B - 12 extracted , only five micrograms was of the cyanocobalamin analogue ( 16 ) .
Thus even in this most prodigious source of the vitamin ninety - five percent was composed of analogues which were useless .
Several fermented products such as tempeh , a soya bean product , and spirulinas , used by strict vegans as a source of vitamin B - 12 , either do not contain appreciable amounts of the vitamin or contain analogues of the vitamin which are not active for humans ( 17 ) .
Vitamin B - 12 status was assessed in a group of 110 adults and 42 children from a macrobiotic community in New England .
Over half of the adults had low concentrations of vitamin B - 12 .
Children were short in stature and low in weight .
The community relied on sea vegetables for the vitamin .
However , the researchers say : " We could not show that individuals who reported more of these sea vegetables had increased vitamin B - 12 status ... "
" Similar null results were obtained with the other sea vegetables , tempeh , and miso , foods considered to contain significant amounts of vitamin B - 12 by many individuals in the macrobiotic community .
.
.
On the other hand , it is possible that the vitamin B - 12 measured in these sea vegetables has no biological activity for humans .... only a small fraction of total corrinoids in Spirulina , a genus of blue - green algae contains cobalamin and that the remainder is in the form of analogues that are not biologically active for humans .
In these cases the analogues can block metabolism by the body of the ones that are of use . "
Dr Herbert suspects that vegans taking the spirulinas as a source of vitamin B - 12 actually bring on the symptoms of deficiency quicker .
Yeast is also believed by vegetarians to contain vitamin B - 12 — and it does .
But even if the yeast is grown on a medium rich in vitamin B - 12 , unless some of the growing medium is mixed with the yeast , it is unlikely to contain the cyanocobalamin analogue that is the active form for humans .
The amount of vitamin B - 12 we need is very small : about five micrograms per day .
Eating more than is needed results in a reserve being built up in the body .
When a person becomes a vegan , those stores are depleted — but only gradually .
Thus it is possible to live for several years on such a diet before the onset of symptoms of deficiency .
In England a carefully conducted study ( 18 ) carried out on vegans showed that they all got vitamin B - 12 deficiency eventually .
The first manifestation of vitamin B - 12 deficiency is usually mental disturbances .
These range from abnormal mood swings , mental slowness and memory problems , through hallucinations and depression to severe psychosis .
Physical symptoms include : rapid heartbeat , cardiac pain , facial swellings , jaundice , weakness and fatigue and loss of weight .
While a dose of active vitamin B - 12 given by injection can cure symptoms very quickly , there is a hidden danger .
A largely vegetable - based diet provides large quantities of folic acid , which works in conjunction with vitamin B - 12 .
In a diet which contains folic acid but is devoid of vitamin B - 12 the folic acid can disguise the vitamin 's deficiency .
In such a case , irreparable damage to nerves and the spinal cord can take place such that by the time symptoms become apparent , death is inevitable .
These days , it seems that there are more and more reasons to protest against the way our society is being run .
There are voices of disseat everywhere .
( It is the reason for this website ! ) but there is a much more worrying trend — violent protest .
Have you noticed the increasing numbers of occasions when small groups of very militant people demonstrate against all sorts of things : animal experiments , butchers ' shops , new roads , footpaths , nuclear power stations , civil rights , homosexuals ' rights or anybody else 's rights .
The odds are that the majority are vegetarians .
As we know , when it needs food , our body indicates this to us with the feeling of hunger .
But there are also other signals if specific nutrients are deficient .
Meat is the best source of several nutrients .
When our bodies are deficient in these , we become irritable and aggressive .
This is a perfectly natural signal built into our genetic make - up over our evolution : our bodies are telling us to go out and kill something to eat .
This is why strict vegetarians tend to be so vociferous .
It is a trait that was recognised long ago ; it was , after all , the vegetarian Cain who killed the carnivorous Abel , not the other way round .
The vegan Kikuyu tribe in Kenya were the perpetrators of the murderous Mau Mau in the 1950s , not their wholly carnivorous , but peaceful , neighbours , the Maasai .
The butcher 's shop in my village has had its windows smashed so often that it is now boarded up when it is closed .
Have you ever heard of a meat eater bombing a greengrocer 's shop ?
All the nutrients that the body needs other than vitamin B - 12 can be obtained from vegetable sources if extreme care is taken .
However , the availability of some of them to the body is often adversely affected by the special characteristics of a strictly vegetarian diet ( 19 ) .
Nutrients so affected include : energy , iron , calcium , zinc , copper , manganese , selenium , riboflavin and the fat soluble vitamins , particularly vitamin D .
The best sources of these are meats , poultry and seafood , which are not eaten .
But not only does the vegan diet consist of foods which are poorer sources of these nutrients , it necessarily contains high levels of fibre , phytic acid and oxalate , all of which are known both to bind with the nutrients in such a way as to inhibit their absorption in the gut and also to deplete the body of the minerals it has .
The vegetarian ends up with what is called a negative balance .
It is a situation where the more he eats , the worse it gets .
This applies both to adults and to children .
In the case of children , however , the situation can be far more serious .
Children brought up by vegetarian parents are usually breast fed , often for long periods .
Where the mother has a good nutrient - rich diet , this is normally a good thing .
But the nutritional condition of the mother affects the nutrients passed in breast milk to the infant .
If the mother is deficient in vitamin B - 12 , for example , this deficiency is passed onto the breast - fed child ( 20 ) with unfortunate consequences .
With the more extreme macrobiotic diets the situation is even worse .
Serious brain damage is seen in children on macrobiotic diets where it was found that " Vitamin B - 12 is sufficiently low as to have psychological consequences that also raise legitimate concerns about neurological development " ( 21 ) .
Other research confirms the depth of the problem .
Mental development of four - to five - year - old children on macrobiotic diets ( almost devoid of animal foods and fat ) with long - term growth deficits , was studied .
In addition food consumption and behavioural style of the children , and family and parent characteristics were assessed .
Children had only seventy percent of the energy and forty percent of the calcium intake of that reported for children on conventional diets .
Thirty three percent of the children studied failed to finish IQ tests due to an inability to concentrate ( 22 ) .
Long standing mild to moderate malnutrition may not affect mental development if the children grow up in a stimulating social environment .
Infants and growing children have relatively small stomachs but large requirements for energy and the proteins and other materials with which to grow .
As they can only eat small meals , they , most of all , need a diet high in energy and rich in nutrients — needs that simply cannot be met from a vegetable - based diet .
When weaned , children of vegetarian parents receive a diet where their small stomachs are filled with relatively nutrient - poor foods .
This can lead to grave nutritional disorders such as suppressed growth and nutritional dwarfing ( 23 ) , as well as diseases such as kwashiorkor , a protein - calorie deficiency disease usually seen only in severely malnourished African children ( 24 ) , vitamin D deficiency rickets ( 25 ) , severe iron deficiency anaemia ( 26 ) and learning difficulties ( 27 ) .
The children of strict vegetarian parents tend to have lower birth weights which studies have shown increase ill - health later in life ( 28 ) .
Smaller babies suffer more heart disease ( 29 ) , obstructive lung diseases and asthma ( 30 ) .
Under - nutrition in infancy has also been shown to inhibit brain growth and to have a dramatically adverse effect on intellectual development ( 31 ) .
This last is a disaster as , not only is it irreversible in those children , studies have shown that their eventual offspring also suffer lower intelligence quotients .
Dr. I.F. Roberts , senior registrar at the Department of Child Health , St George 's Hospital in London , and colleagues suggest that these vegetarian type fad diets must be regarded as a form of child abuse 23 .
Examples of this , when vegetarianism is taken the the extreme , can be seen in recent news articles about the damage vegans do to thier own children .
Many people become vegetarians because they believe that such a lifestyle is healthier , particularly in terms of heart disease and cancer .
They believe that an intake of meat , and particularly animal fat , will shorten their lives .
As evidence of this , a study of largely vegetarian Seventh - Day Adventists is usually quoted ( 32 ) despite the fact that its authors conclude : ' We hope that no - one will take data from this report and use it to say " Food A lowers or food B raises mortality risk " .
'
It is certainly true that this religious sect suffers less from heart disease than the general population .
However , the use of this argument to show that vegetarianism is healthier is flawed .
A similar study of Mormons in Utah , who eat a considerable amount of meat , found similar low levels of the disease .
In fact , the diet of both communities had little or no impact on their incidences of heart disease ; the incidences of the disease is low because they are both close - knit and supportive communities , a situation which is known to be protective as far as such diseases are concerned ( 33 ) .
Comparisons of the health and longevity of cultures with different dietary habits confirms that meat eaters , such as Eskimos , Nagas and Maasai , can expect to live twice as long as primitive vegetarians .
It may be said that such a comparison is flawed because the situations in which these peoples live is very different but there are cases throughout the world where meaningful comparisons can be made .
In Kenya two tribes , the Maasai and the Kikuyu , live in the same country , the same climate , the same political system and the same environment .
The Maasai , when wholly carnivorous , drinking only the blood and milk of their cattle , were tall , healthy , long - lived and slim .
The Kikuyu , when wholly vegetarian , were stunted , diseased , short - lived and pot-bellied .
Over the last few decades , the Kikuyu have started to eat meat — and their health has improved .
Since 1960 the Maasai diet has also changed , but in the opposite direction .
They are now eating less blood , milk and meat , replacing it with maize and beans .
Their health has deteriorated ( 34 ) .
A study by Drs. W. S. McClellan and E. F. Du Bois ( 35 ) found that the Eskimos in Baffin Island and Greenland living on a diet composed almost entirely of meat and fish , and eating no starchy or sugary foods , suffered few diseases .
This was not the case with the Labrador Eskimos .
They had been ' civilised ' and lived on preserved foods , dried potatoes , flour , canned foods and cereals .
Among them the diseases of civilisation were rife .
Dr. Sir Robert McCarrison ( 36 ) , working in India , similarly compared the northern tribes —
Pathans , Sikhs and Hunzas — who ate meat and fresh vegetables , had fine physiques and were healthy and long - lived with the Plains peoples — Madrassis , Bengalis and Kanarese — who ate little meat or milk , living mainly on rice and who were overweight and unhealthy .
Other studies have purported to show that vegetarianism is healthier .
In July 1994 , the British press carried headlines like ' Vegetarian diet means longer life ' as they reported a vegetarian study from the British Medical Journal ( 37 ) which said that vegetarians suffered forty percent fewer cancers and heart disease than meat eaters .
But the public were being misled — the study was badly flawed .
¨ The study 's vegetarian cohort was selected through the Vegetarian Society and the meat - eaters were then selected by the vegetarians themselves .
This is hardly the way to conduct an unbiased trial — if they want to prove a point , and what vegetarian does n't , they will pick those who are most likely to be unhealthy .
It is human nature .
¨ The vegetarians were mostly women , while the meat - eating group contained more men .
Women live longer than men .
In the age range of the subjects studied , men have four times the heart disease of women — enough to confound the figures significantly .
¨ The vegetarians were younger than the meat - eaters .
As younger people have a lower death rate , one would expect more deaths among the meat - eaters regardless of dietary influences .
In this study , the two groups were not comparable and the study is worthless .
Other evidence refutes the ' vegetarianism is healthier ' dogma .
London has a high proportion of Asian immigrants .
They live in the same environment as the indigenous population and mix freely with them .
But the incidence of coronary artery disease is much higher in the Asian population .
A study published in 1985 ( 38 ) was pretty conclusive evidence that the Asian 's diet — high in linoleic acid and predominantly vegetarian — was not protective against the disease .
It is usually better to compare similar populations in the same area as , in the study above , the Asians have a different evolutionary background to northern European Caucasians .
One study which did this , compares vegetarians and fresh fish eaters from two neighbouring Bantu villages .
( 39 ) This study found that the fish eaters had higher levels of omega - 3 fatty acids , lower blood pressure and lower blood fat levels than the vegetarians .
Both blood pressure and lipids increased throughout life in vegetarians but remained fairly constant throughout life in the fish eaters .
The published literature on fruit and vegetables and cardiovascular disease is extensive .
In 1997 , Drs Ness and Powles reviewed some ten ecological studies , three case - control studies , and sixteen cohort studies reporting measures of association between intake of fruit and vegetables ( or intake of nutrients mainly obtained from fruit and vegetables ) and coronary heart disease , together with five ecological studies , one case - control study , and eight cohort studies for stroke .
( 40 ) They point out that cohorts at ' low risk ' have failed to show a protective association between intake of fruit and vegetables and cardiovascular disease ( for example , a study of 26 473 Seventh Day Adventists followed up for six years , frequently quoted in support of a vegetarian lifestyle being ' healthy ' , showed null findings for fruit , and that many uncertainties remain concerning the relations between consumption of fruit and vegetables and the risk of cardiovascular disease .
The best evidence , surely , is obtained from looking at actual people who have a proven long life .
In 1992 scientists at the Department of Community Health , Tokyo Metropolitan Institute of Gerontology , Japan , published a paper which examined the relationship of nutritional status to further life expectancy and health status in the Japanese elderly ( 41 ) .
It was based on three epidemiological studies .
¨ In the first , nutrient intakes in ninety - four Japanese centenarians investigated between 1972 and 1973 showed a higher proportion of animal protein to total proteins than in contemporary average Japanese .
¨ The second demonstrated that high intakes of milk and fats and oils had favourable effects on ten - year survivorship in 422 urban residents aged sixty - nine to seventy - one .
The survivors revealed a longitudinal increase in intakes of animal foods such as eggs , milk , fish and meat over the ten years .
¨ In the third study , nutrient intakes were compared between a sample from Okinawa Prefecture where life expectancies at birth and sixty - five were the longest in Japan , and a sample from Akita Prefecture where the life expectancies were much shorter .
It found that the proportion of energy from animalproteins and fats were significantly higher in the former than in the latter .
An analytical study into the relationship between current diet and breast cancer risk was published in 1994 .
When breast cancer rates and meat and fruit intakes were compared , both were similar in the under - fifties .
However , in women over fifty , eating more meat reduced the incidence of breast cancer by 30 % , whilst eating more fruit increased breast cancer incidence by 70 % . ( 42 )
This may have been because a conjugated linoleic acid ( CLA ) , a fatty acid known to be a powerful anti-cancer agent , is found only in the fat of ruminant animals . ( 43 ) ( 44 )
A case control study of over 5000 Italian women was conducted between 1991 and 1994 to assess the influence of high intakes of fat and other macronutrients on breast cancer risk .
Dr Franceschi's team found that " The risk of breast cancer decreased with increasing total fat intake . . . whereas the risk increased with increasing intake of available carbohydrates . "
( 45 ) Foods of vegetable origin tend to have high levels of carbohydrates .
That this should be so finds support from Professor Wolfgang Lutz he showed that epidemiological studies failed to support the current belief that fat intake was at the root of coronary disease and cancer and did his own explorations of epidemiological data .
His findings show a clear , inverse relationship between diseases of civilisation and the length of time the people of a given region of Europe have had to adapt to the high carbohydrate diet associated with the cultivation of cereal grains that was begun in the Near East , and spread very slowly through Europe . ( 46 )
This is turn confirmed the work of the eminent explorer and anthropologist , Vilhjalmur Stefansson . ( 47 ) In it Stefansson points out that Stanislaw Tanchou " .... gave the first formula for predicting cancer risk .
It was based on grain consumption and was found to accurately calculate cancer rates in major European cities .
The more grain consumed , the greater the rate of cancer " .
Tanchou 's paper , delivered to the Paris Medical Society in 1843 , postulated that cancer would likewise never be found in hunter - gatherer populations .
This began a search among the populations of hunter - gatherers known to missionary doctors and explorers , a search which continued until WWII when the last wild humans in the Arctic and Australia were ' civilized ' .
No cases of cancer were ever found within these populations — although after they adopted the diet of civilization , it became common .
Vegetarianism can also predispose its adherents to other diseases .
In south London , Hindu Asians were found to have a significantly increased risk of tuberculosis compared to Muslim Asians .
Religion was not a factor — but diet was .
There was a trend of increasing risk of tuberculosis as frequency of meat - eating declined .
Even lacto - vegetarians had an 8.5 - fold risk .
The researchers conclude " These results indicate that a vegetarian diet is an independent risk factor for tuberculosis in immigrant Asians .
The mechanism is unexplained .
However , vitamin D deficiency , common among vegetarian Asians in south London , is known to effect immunological competence .
Decreased immunocompetence associated with a vegetarian diet might result in increased mycobacterial reactivation among Asians from the Indian subcontinent " ( 48 ) .
The presence of Alzheimer 's disease was found to be associated with lower levels of Vitamin B - 12 in the blood compared to unaffected family members although the exact nature of the association remains unclear ( 49 ) .
Diseases such as salmonella are usually associated in people 's minds , with meat , particularly chicken .
But vegetarianism does n't necessarily protect against such bacterial infections .
In 1999 , Minerva in the British Medical Journal reported that " alfalfa sprouts , the icon of healthy eaters everywhere , are efficient carriers of salmonella ( JAMA 1999;281:158-62 ) .
International detective work led investigators of one North American outbreak in 1995 to a single contaminated seed lot from a Dutch distributor .
They estimate that over 20 000 people were infected during the prolonged outbreak and warn that alfalfa sprouts should be considered high risk until the commercial sprouting process incorporates an effective ' kill step ' . "
The truth is that vegetarianism has not been shown to be more healthy , or to allow people to live longer .
Indeed , the totality of evidence suggests that the further one goes from a mixed diet , the less healthy one tends to become .
Some years ago , my wife and I joined a sports club for a couple of years .
Among the other members was a couple whom we took to be quite old .
We learned , however , that they were only in their early sixties .
Other members told us that this couple had been active and healthy - looking until their son had married a girl who was a practising vegetarian .
She , through him , had converted them , and from that time there had been a noticeable deterioration .
Their obvious physical deterioration , however , did not stop the couple from declaring how much better they felt on their vegetarian regime .
That does not mean that they were healthier , however .
People are not the most impartial commentators on the happenings of their own lives .
It is a well - documented human trait that a person who has made a conscious decision to pursue a course of action which involves some loss or hardship , has to justify it to himself .
And the greater the self - imposed voluntary hardship or loss , the more strongly it is defended .
One problem for those on a more strict vegetarian diet , whether by choice or of necessity , focuses around getting the right mix of amino acids from the various vegetable sources to ensure the body has a supply of complete proteins to enable it to function correctly .
Much attention has been focused on soybean as an alternative protein source as soybean is about the only vegetable source of complete protein .
As such it is invaluable .
Since the end of the Second World War , about sixty - five million tons of soybean have been grown in the USA each year .
Yet , with the exception of soy sauce and soy oil , the bean has not caught on yet with the American people .
In that country the major use is as animal feed .
Not surprisingly , producers are constantly seeking new markets .
Throughout the Third World , protein deficiency is the most important dietary problem .
Not surprisingly , therefore , soy is widely distributed .
As it is low in fat and devoid of cholesterol soy is also promoted today in the West as being more ' healthy ' .
This seems to make soy an ideal food — but is it safe ?
That may seem a strange question as a large percentage of the world 's population relies on soybean as a staple .
The cultivation of soy in the East has been traced back to the time of the Chou Dynasty ( 1136-246 BC ) .
It appears to have been used then merely as a rotational crop because of its root 's capacity to fix nitrogen in the soil .
Soy was not used as a food until fermentation techniques had been developed around 700 AD .
( 50 ) Did the Chinese know soy was toxic ?
Like all seeds , soybeans have phytic acid in their hulls , but soybeans have considerably more .
This substance binds with several minerals , notably calcium , zinc and iron in such a way that it prevents the digestion from absorbing them .
This can result in deficiencies of these essential minerals .
Soybeans also contain other undesirable chemicals :
¨ Potent enzyme inhibitors that block the action of trypsin , a digestive enzyme needed to digest proteins .
This leads not only to chronic amino acid deficiencies but also to enlargement of the pancreas ( in animals ) and cancer .
¨ Hemaglutinin , which promotes the clumping of red blood cells .
These clumped cells are less able to take up oxygen and carry it to body tissues .
Hemaglutinin is also known to retard growth .
Fermentation reduces these harmful effects .
Miso and tamari are fermented soy products .
On the other hand bean curd and tofu are made by precipitating soybean with either calcium sulphate or magnesium sulphate .
Soy products made by this method are not as safe as the fermented products .
Nevertheless , tofu accounts for some ninety percent of processed soybeans eaten in Asia today .
Eating soy with meat reduces its mineral blocking effect but vegetarians who eat tofu , expecting it to act as a protein substitute , risk severe mineral deficiencies .
Soy products also contain no vitamin B - 12 , or the essential fat - soluble vitamins A and D that are needed for the absorption of minerals .
Indeed soy increases the need for these vitamins .
World renowned nutritionists , Sally Fallon MA and Mary Enig PhD , say " traditional fermented soy products have a long history of use that is generally beneficial when combined with other elements of the Oriental diet including rice , sea foods , fish broth and fermented vegetables .
Precipitated ( Western ) soy products can cause serious problems , especially when they form the major source of protein in the diet " .
Soy milk is a major concern in infants .
In its production , in order to remove as much of the trypsin inhibitor as possible , the beans are soaked in an alkaline solution and heated to 115 ºC ( 239 ºF ) in a pressure cooker .
While this does destroy most of the anti-nutrients , it also denatures the proteins , making the milk very difficult to digest .
But there is worse to come : the alkaline processing produces lysinealine , which causes cancer .
It also reduces the amount of an amino acid , cystine , without which the protein complex is worthless unless the diet is fortified with meat , eggs or dairy produce — which is not likely in a vegetarian .
The use of soy - based infant formulas has caused zinc deficiency in infants leading to brain damage .
The lack of cholesterol in soy - based formulas also has adverse effects on infants ' brains , as cholesterol is essential for proper development of the brain and nervous system .
Then the aluminium content of soy milk is ten times higher than is found in milk - based formula and one hundred times as high as in breast milk .
Apart from vegetarians , infants are sometimes prescribed soy formula in cases of cow 's - milk allergy , yet allergies to soy products are as common .
Recently soy products have been promoted for their ' cancer preventing properties ' .
The Gerson Clinic is a specialist cancer clinic .
To cure cancers it bases its treatment regime on a strict vegetarian diet .
It would seem reasonable to expect , therefore , that soy would feature frequently on the Gerson Clinic 's menu .
But Dr Max Gerson , the clinic 's founder , has always banned the use soy products in the clinic .
Why ?
Because it is suspected of causing cancer .
For the most part , it is the more extreme forms of vegetarianism that are dangerous .
Lacto - ovo - vegetarianism carries little or no health risk for its adult adherents ( although there may still be risk for children if a bulky , high - fibre , low - fat / protein diet is fed ) .
In this category are those who have given up meat for moral reasons : those who do n't like the thought of the slaughter of food animals , but do continue to eat milk , cheese and eggs .
Here we have the situation where people who cannot bear the thought of killing animals for food , rely on the rest of us to carry the burden of guilt for them — as the production of milk , cheese and eggs inevitably involves the birth and the death of animals .
A cow produces milk for about one year .
Before she can give milk , however , like any other mammal she has to have a calf .
If we are not to eat those calves , what are we to do with them ?
Some , of course , would be kept to produce milk themselves in the fullness of time , but what of the rest — the bull calves and the excess heifers — indeed the majority ?
Could we , perhaps , just keep them , unproductive , on pasture for the rest of their natural lives ?
Well , no , that would be quite impractical .
We cannot afford the land to keep unproductive animals in any quantity .
We could , of course , kill them at birth , but that surely , makes the whole exercise pointless .
The same goes for the other animals .
The vegetarian is in the dilemma that he can't kill animals — yet he cannot afford to let them live .
So the vegetarian conveniently puts this out of his mind , carries on his unnatural lifestyle , relying selfishly on the meat eaters to solve his dilemma for him .
One last concern of those who change to such fad diets is for the environment and for the comfort of food animals .
Vegetarian diets are almost always based on ' organically ' grown produce .
This is a system which does not allow the use of special chemical fertilisers and pesticides to increase crop yields , thus , we are told , protecting the environment and the ecological balance .
In essence , farming methods are similar to those in use in the nineteenth century and , consequently , crop yields are significantly diminished .
In the United States , the demand for organic or ' natural ' foods has been growing for many years and farmers here are finding it economic to produce organically - grown produce to meet the demand .
This may be another profit - making scheme , since less needs to be spent on chemical treatment while the poorer - quality food produced is sold at a higher price .
The word organic is a nonsense in this context .
It is inorganic chemicals that are the food of plants .
Plants take inorganic minerals such as nitrates , phosphates , potash and trace elements from the soil .
Where organic materials such as manure or composted vegetable matter are used , they must first be broken down into the inorganic form before the plants can utilise them .
And there is no evidence whatsoever that food grown ' organically ' is superior to that grown inorganically .
Today , there are widespread concerns about the use of pesticides and artificial additives in food .
This has made ' natural ' seem a desirable attribute .
We tend to believe that if anything is as nature made it , it is necessarily better and healthier for us .
But scientists are concerned and are calling for more research into plants ' natural toxins .
The belief that ' natural ' means ' healthy ' is not backed by research , it is fuelled merely by sophisticated advertising campaigns .
Tests on animals have shown that natural toxins may be just as good at causing cancers as man-made ones .
If we applied the same standards to the testing of naturally - occurring compounds as we do to artificial ones , many would be banned as dangerous to health .
Most people know that it is unsafe to eat certain naturally - occurring foods — the green parts of potatoes and rhubarb leaves , for example — and so they do n't eat them .
It may also be said of other plants that as we have been eating them for centuries with , apparently , no ill effects , there can not be a problem .
Two recent developments , however , have changed that .
Firstly , because more people are demanding that vegetables and fruit are produced without the use of artificial pesticides , plant breeders are genetically modifying and developing strains that contain higher levels of the plants ' natural toxins .
And these toxins are as dangerous for us as they are to the plants ' other predators .
Indeed , it seems that the toxins produced and contained within the plants may be more harmful than those that are merely sprayed onto them .
Those that are sprayed on can be washed off ; the plants ' own toxins are locked in .
The second development is that , as more people turn to vegetarianism , they are eating larger quantities of the very foods — vegetables and cereals — that contain the higher levels of toxins .
So does ' natural ' and ' organic ' mean ' safe ' ?
Nobody really knows , but there is certainly no evidence that they do .
Most people in Britain , indeed throughout Europe , are extremely worried by the rapid spread of genetically modified ( GM ) vegetable produce and the lack of scientific evidence that such foods are safe either to those who consume them or to the environment .
As we saw earlier , it was worries of this nature that turned many vegetarians against meat .
Vegetarians , who tend to be more health conscious than the average Brit , are even more likely to be wary of GM products .
Yet they are the cause of one proliferation of GM products that affect us all .
In Britain today , it is difficult , if not impossible to find a British cheese that is not ' suitable for vegetarians ' .
In traditional cheeses , the curdling agent , rennet , is an animal product .
So vegetarians do n't want it .
However , the rennet used in cheeses that are ' suitable for vegetarians ' is a product made from genetically modified soy .
I wonder how many realise this ?
However , some may see the vegetarian as a prophet of a saner age .
But , make no mistake , if all farms were cultivated without recourse to high - tech modern growing methods , whether we ate meat or vegetables , we would all starve .
We in Britain can not support ourselves now .
If vegetarian ideas on food production were to be implemented universally , our modern urban society would collapse .
The irony is that , if we are to feed our rapidly growing population , we will have to pursue intensive farming methods even more rigorously than we do at present .
There are environmental advantages to animal farming even on land that could be used for vegetable crops .
Where animals are farmed in fields they fertilise the ground naturally with little need for the artificial inorganic fertilisers that so worry people .
The tonnes of nitrate fertilisers that leach in ever - increasing quantities into our streams and rivers are not used primarily for meat production but for the production of cereals and other vegetable crops .
With animal farming , fields are usually small and bounded by hedgerows .
The good herdsman will also tend to keep trees to shelter his animals from the heat of the summer sun .
The field margins , trees and hedges provide a habitat for small animals , insects and wild flowers .
Arable farming on a large scale , on the other hand , means combine harvesters , and combine harvesters demand large open fields .
On such farms hedges and trees are an encumbrance : thousands of miles of hedges have been torn out this century .
People bemoan the fact that a large number of animal and plant species are losing their hedgerow homes ; they are sad that those species are becoming endangered — and then they espouse vegetarianism which would mean the destruction of even more hedges and trees and accelerate the trend !
Meat eaters must have sympathy for and agree with the animal rights campaigner where animals , which should be grazing in fields , are confined to pens and battery houses while their natural habitat is turned into golf courses and leisure grounds for us .
And paying farmers to let land lie fallow when it could safely support cattle or sheep , particularly while we are importing vast quantities of food , is madness .
It is legitimate to challenge this regime .
The only way to eradicate the forms of intensive farming which are so disliked , is to control and reduce the population and , hence , the need for such a system .
Not only will undertaking unnatural dietary practices not provide a solution , they are much more likely to exacerbate the situation .
The Western vegetarian at the moment is in a very privileged position .
So long as not too many join him , he can afford to indulge his naïve dietary fads in a way that is denied to most of the people of this Earth .
While he ponders on this fact , he might also apply himself to Kant 's Categorical Imperative which may be rewritten :
What would be wrong for all , is wrong for one
1. Social Surveys ( Gallup Poll ) Ltd. The 1988 Survey into Meat Eating and Vegetarianism .
Commissioned by the Realeat Co. Ltd. 1988 .
2. MORI / Sunday Times .
Attitudes to Health and Diet 1989 .
3. Beardsworth A. , Keil T.. Health - related beliefs and dietary practices among vegetarians and vegans : a qualitative study .
Hlth Educ J 1991 ; 50 ( 1 ) : 38 .
4. Kovda V. A.. Soil Preservation .
In Polunin N. ed , The Environmental Future .
Macmillan , London , 1972 .
5. Lee R. B. .
What hunters do for a living , or how to make out on scarce resources .
In : Lee R. B. , DeVore I. , eds. Man The Hunter .
Aldine , Chicago .
1968 .
6. Gaulin S. J. C. , Konner M..
On the natural diet of primates , including humans .
In : Wurtman R. Y. , Wurtman J. J. , eds. Nutrition and The Brain .
Vol 1 , Raven Press , New York .
1977 .
7. Bryant V. M. , Williams - Dean G.. The Coprolites of Man. Scientific American , January 1975 .
8. Hawkes J. G.. The Hunting Hypothesis .
In : Ardrey R. , ed. The Hunting Hypothesis .
Collins , London , 1976 .
9. Crawford M. , Crawford S.. What We Eat Today .
Spearman , London , 1972 .
10 . Leopold A. C , Ardrey R.. Toxic Substances in Plants and Food Habits of Early Man. Science , 1972
11 . Stephen A . Whole grains — impact of consuming whole grains on physiological effects of dietary fiber and starch .
Crit Rev Food Sci Nutr 1994 ; 34 : 499-511 .
12 . Yudkin J.. Archaeology and the nutritionist .
In : Ardrey R. , ed. The Hunting Hypothesis .
Collins , London , 1976 .
13 . Groves B A. The Cholesterol Myth .
A Second Opinion publication , 19th revision , March 1999 .
14 . Callender S. T. , Spray G. H.. Latent pernicious anaemia .
Br J Haematol 1962 ; 8 : 230 .
15 . Halstead J. A. , Carroll J. , Rubert S.. Serum and tissue concentration of vitamin B 12 in certain pathologic states .
N Eng J Med 1959 ; 260:575 .
16 . Herbert V.. Vitamin B - 12 : plant sources , requirements and assay .
Am J Clin Nutr 1988 ; 48 : 852 .
17 . Miller D. R. , Specker B. L. , Ho M. L. , Norman E. J.. Vitamin B - 12 status in a macrobiotic community .
Am J Clin Nutr 1991 ; 53 : 524-9 .
18 . Chanarin I. , Malkowska V. , O'Hea A - M. , Rinsler M. G. , Price A. B.. Megaloblastic anaemia in a vegetarian Indian community .
Lancet 1985 ; ii : 1168 .
19 . Freeland - Graves J.. Mineral adequacy of vegetarian diets .
Am J Clin Nutr 1988 ; 48 : 859 .
20 . Sanders T. A. B.. Micronutrients : vitamin B - 12 .
Matern Child Hlth .
1992 ; 17 : 19-20 .
21 . Dagnelie P. C. , et al .
Increased risk of vitamin B - 12 and iron deficiency in infants on macrobiotic diets .
Am J Clin Nutr 1989 ; 50 : 818 .
22 . Herens M. C. , Dagnelie P. C. , Kleber R. J. , Mol M. C. J. , van Staveren W. A.. Nutrition and mental development of 4 - 5 year old children on macrobiotic diets .
J Hum Nutr Diet 1992 ; 5 : 1 - 9 .
23 . Lifshitz F. , et al .
Nutritional dwarfing in adolescents .
Semin Adolesc Med 1987 ; 3 ( 4 ) : 255 .
24 . Roberts I. F. , West R. J. , Ogilvie D. , Dillon M. J.. Malnutrition in infants receiving cult diets : a form of child abuse .
Br Med J 1979 ; 1 : 296 .
25 . Kruger D. M. , et al .
Vitamin D deficiency rickets : report on three cases .
Clin Orthop 1987 ; 224 : 277 .
26 . Bindra G. S. , Gibson R. S..
Iron status of predominantly lacto - ovo- vegetarian East Indian immigrants to Canada : a model approach .
Am J Clin Nutr .
1986 ; 44 : 643 .
27 . Galler J. R.. Malnutrition — a neglected cause of learning failure .
Postgrad Med 1986 ; 80 ( 5 ) : 225-8
28 . Bradley P. J.. Deprivation in infancy or in adult life .
Lancet 1991 ; 337 : 1043 .
29 . Barker D. J. P. .
The intrauterine origins of cardiovascular and obstructive lung disease in adult life .
J R Coll Phys 1991 ; 25 ( 2 ) : 129 .
30 . Seidman D. S. , Laor A. , Gale R. , Stevenson D. K. , Danon Y. L. .
Is low birthweight a risk factor for asthma during adolescence ?
Arch Dis Child 1991 ; 66 ( 5 ) : 584 .
31 . Stock M. B. , Smythe P. M..
Does undernutrition during infancy inhibit brain growth and subsequent intellectual development ?
Arch Dis Child 1963 ; 38 : 546 .
32 . Association between reported diet and all - cause mortality : 21 - year follow - up on 27,530 7th Day Adventists .
Am J Epidem 1984 ; 119 ( 5 ) : 775 .
33 . Egold B. , Laskar J. , Wolf S. , Putvin L.. The Roseto effect : a 50 - year comparison of mortality rates .
Am J Public Health 1992 ; 82 : 1089-92
34 . McCormick J. , Elmore - Meegan M.. Maasai diet .
Lancet 1992 ; 340 : 1042-3 .
35 . McClellan W. S. , Du Bois E. F..
Prolonged meat diets with a study of kidney function and ketosis .
J Biol Chem 1930 ; 87 : 651-668 .
36 . McCarrison , Sir Robert ( with Sinclair , Dr. H. M. ) .
Nutrition and Health .
Faber & Faber , London , 1953
37 . Thorogood M. , Mann J. , Appleby P. , McPherson K.. Risk of death from cancer and ischaemic heart disease in meat and non-meat eaters .
Br Med J .
1994 ; 308 : 1667-70 .
38 . McKeigne P. M. , Marmot M. G. , Adelstein A. M. , et al .
Diet and risk factors for coronary heart disease in Asians in north - east London .
Lancet 1985 ; ii : 1086 -90 .
39 . Pauletto P , et al .
Blood pressure and atherogenic lipoprotein profiles of fish - diet and vegetarian villagers in Tanzania : the Lugalawa Study .
Lancet 1996 ; 348 : 784-8 .
40 . Ness A R , Powles J W. Dietary habits and mortality in vegetarians and health conscious people : Several uncertainties still exist .
Br Med J 1997 ; 314 : 148 .
41 . Shibata H. , Nagai H. , Haga H. , Yasumura S. , Suzuki T. , Suyama Y. Nutrition for the Japanese elderly .
Nutr Health .
1992 ; 8 ( 2-3 ) : 165-75 .
42 . Holmberg L. , Ohlander E. M. , Byers T. , Zack M. , Wolk A. , Bergstrom R. , et al .
Diet and breast cancer risk .
Arch Intern Med 1994 ; 154 : 1805 - 11 .
43 . Shultz T. D. , Chew B. P. , Seaman W. R.. Differential stimulatory and inhibitory responses of human MCF - 7 breast cancer cells to linoleic acid and conjugated linoleic acid in culture .
Anticancer Res .
1992 ; 12 : 2143-5
44 . Ip C , Scimeca J. A. , Thompson H. J.. Conjugated linoleic acid .
A powerful anticarcinogen from animal fat sources .
Cancer . 1994 ; 74 ( 3 Suppl ) : 1050 - 4
45 . Franceschi S , et.al .
Intake of macronutrients and risk of breast cancer .
Lancet 1996;347:1351-6
46 . Lutz W.J. The Colonisation of Europe and Our Western Diseases .
Medical Hypotheses 1995 ; 45 : 115-120
47 . Vilhjalmur Stefansson .
Cancer Disease of Civilization .
Hill and Wang , New York , NY , 1960 .
48 . Strachan D. P. , Powell K. J. , Thaker A. , Millard F. J. C. , Maxwell J. D.. Vegetarian diet as a risk factor for tuberculosis in immigrant south London Asians .
Thorax 1995 ; 50 : 175-80
49 . McCaddon A. , Kelly C. L.. Familial Alzheimer 's disease and Vitamin B - 12 deficiency .
Age and Ageing 1994 ; 23 : 334-7 .
50 . Fallon S W , Enig M G. Newlife , May 1966 .
Last updated 9 June 2002
Related Articles
Aggressive peddling of credit cards has become pervasive on college campuses , with students pursued via mailings , phone calls and on - campus pitches that often use school organizations to break down resistance , a consumer group said Thursday after a survey of students .
College students receive an average of five mailings and four phone calls each month urging them to apply for credit cards , U.S. Public Interest Research Group found in its survey of more than 1,500 students at 40 schools in 14 states .
About one - quarter of students surveyed reported paying late fees , 15 % paid over - limit fees and 6 % had a card canceled because of delinquency .
“ This report shows the extent to which credit card companies are using aggressive marketing tactics to take advantage of college students faced with increasing prices for tuition , textbooks and other college - related expenses , ” U.S. Rep. George Miller ( D - Martinez ) , chairman of the House Education and Labor Committee , said in a statement about the survey .
Advertisement
The report also criticizes methods it says credit card companies commonly use to reach students , including “ renting ” from campus organizations tables set up to introduce students to school activities and using the tables to solicit credit card applications .
Typically , the student club gets a flat fee or a commission for every application completed , the report says .
Club members may also be offered a commission to get friends , roommates and neighbors to apply for credit cards .
The report also condemns agreements that some card companies have with alumni associations through which the card issuers gain access to students ’ names and addresses .
The report does n’t say how prevalent those accords are .
Credit card companies also entice students to apply for cards by offering free sandwiches , T - shirts and baseball caps , the report says .
Advertisement
Ohio Atty .
Gen. Marc Dann , who participated in a news conference on the study ’s results , recently sued Citigroup Inc. 's Citibank unit and two other companies over coupons for free sandwiches offered to students on campuses in Ohio .
The coupons did n’t make clear that students would get the food only if they completed a credit card application .
Citibank said a marketing company it hired had created the advertising .
“ The practices alleged in the complaint are not approved Citibank practices and if true they were not condoned nor authorized by Citibank , ” the company said in a statement .
Ed Mierzwinski , consumer program director for U.S. Public Interest Research Group , said colleges should adopt standards that would bar school groups from promoting cards , prohibit alumni associations from selling private student information and ban giveaways and the posting on campus of credit card fliers .
Advertisement
--
kathy.kristof@latimes.com
CO2 Capture and Technology of the Future
April 26th , 2008 by Michelle Bennett
Today ’s topic is inspired by Solar Today magazine .
“ Scrubbing Carbon from the Breeze ” was written by Rona Fried , Ph.D. , president of SustainableBusiness.com in the May / June 2008 issue .
Unfortunately this particular article is not available online .
As climate change become a more central issue for people and governments around the globe , a lot of people are looking for solutions – fast solutions .
If there were a quick and inexpensive way to dramatically reduce the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere , we should go for it right ?
Well a number of “ quick fix ” solutions , which have centered around hacking the environment to fight climate change , have been floating around for years .
One strategy is to capture the CO2 with plankton and bury it in the ocean ( which is much easier and cheaper than pumping it into the ground ) .
Another is to change the composition of our atmosphere to reflect sunlight .
Others tend to be more sci-fi and outlandish – but all of them might just turn out to be disastrous .
Even with more realistic alternatives , like carbon capture and sequestration from coal plants , have drawn criticism .
But that has n’t stopped some of the world ’s wealthiest and most outspoken environmentalists from offering millions of dollars for a feasible and fast solution that captures CO2 out of the air after it ’s released .
No wonder some are trying to use technology to solve our CO2 problem .
While renewable energy and energy efficiency help prevent more CO2 pollution , several companies are looking to make money off off the inert gas .
Not to be confused with Carbon Capture and Storage ( CCS ) , these focus on the technology and economics of only capturing CO2 .
What we do with the carbon next is an open question .
Fortunately “ CO2 is the 19th largest commodity chemical in the United States ” , according to the DOE , with numerous industrial , agricultural , and everyday uses – you can even make fuel out of it .
So whoever first manages to harvest it cheaply could make a lot of money , even without millions in prize money .
Universities and academic collaborations compete with scientists and businesses to reach this goal .
The Green Options network has featured promising technologies from Sandia National Labs before .
While many are still in design or prototype stages , others are already being commercially demonstrated .
Dr. Rona Fried points out in her Solar Today article that the technology is not new .
Submarines and spacecraft use scrubbers and filters to protect their crews from their own exhalations .
There ’s even a famous scene in the movie Apollo 13 about repairing one such device in 1970 .
[ kml_flashembed movie= " http://youtube.com/v/0dJUm73OFt0 " width = " 425 " height = " 350 " wmode=" transparent " /]
A better way to absorb CO2 on a larger scale is to use chemicals called sorbents .
They soak up carbon dioxide on contact like a plant or sponge ; then the CO2 can be separated from the sorbent and used .
The trick is to build a machine that can do both without requiring excessive operation costs .
If it needs too much energy , maintenance , etc. , it simply wo n’t be profitable .
A company called Global Research Technologies ( GRT ) believes they have designed a viable system in that works at ambient temperatures ( no cooling required ) and uses about the same amount of energy as a power - plant flue scrubber – the type already available to clean power plant emissions .
They call it the ACCESS ( Atmospheric Carbon CapturE SystemS ) device , which has already been demonstrated , and it ’s exciting because it could be located almost anywhere .
They could line our highways , form rows like wind farms , or be installed near industrial facilities that use or produce CO2 .
Better yet , the technology is scalable , so the larger you build them the more CO2 they collect .
One such ACCESS device the size of a tree could capture 1,000 times more CO2 than a tree .
Global Research Technologies even claims that 250,000 such models , each about the side of a wind turbine , would neutralize the CO2 we ’re currently emitting .
GRT hopes to produce 100 of these devices within 5 years .
Unfortunately they ’ll be expensive , about $ 250 / metric ton of CO2 captured , but like any industry , economies of scale could dramatically reduce that cost to $ 30 - $ 50 per ton .
GRT hopes their technology will be competitive on the carbon offsets market .
Klaus Lackner , a professor of geophysics at Columbia University , helped found GRT and design the ACCESS device .
From the article : “ Lackner outlined the potential of carbon capture as one piece of the portfolio of carbon reduction strategies ” , which means of course that this is not THE ANSWER to climate change .
We cannot and should not rely on this or any one solution to “ solve ” our CO2 problem .
We still need to increase our energy efficiency , invest in renewable technologies , and work towards more sustainable lifestyles .
But with all the depressing facts , figures and discussions surrounding our rising CO2 emissions and climate change , this is one technology among many that provide a ray of hope .
Maybe , just maybe , with the plethora of resources at our disposal , we can begin to build a technological infrastructure that will not come back to haunt us with half - acknowledged or poorly understood consequences of unbridled development .
Images courtesy of
Solar Today
Physorg.com
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
( NewsTarget )
The environmental footprint of producing just over two pounds of beef is greater than that of driving a car for three hours , according to a Japanese study reported on " New Scientist .
" A research team led by Akifumi Ogino of the National Institute of Livestock and Grassland Science in Tsukuba , Japan examined the energy used and greenhouse gases emitted at every step in the process of producing beef , including raising calves , managing animals and producing and transporting feed .
The researchers found that it took 169 megajoules of energy to produce 2.2 pounds of beef ( the equivalent of four average - sized steaks or nearly nine quarter - pound burgers ) .
This is the same amount of energy that would be consumed by leaving a 100 - watt bulb burning for 20 days .
One - third of this energy went into producing and transporting the animals ' feed .
The researchers also found that producing 2.2 pounds of beef resulted in greenhouse gas emissions equivalent to 80.25 pounds of carbon dioxide , the same amount that would be emitted by driving a car for 155 miles at 50 miles an hour .
Most of these emissions came in the form of methane released from the cows ' digestive systems .
The true ecological impact of beef is significantly higher than the numbers given by the study , however , because the researchers did not look at the energy used or emissions involved in managing farm equipment or transporting meat after slaughter .
In addition to energy consumption and greenhouse emissions , animal agriculture produces a great amount of pollution and consumes substantially more water than plant agriculture .
Some of this effect arises merely from the fact that eating animals is less efficient than eating plants -- a single animal must consume vast quantities of plants before it is slaughtered , which means that all the energy , water and other resources used to produce those plants are ultimately going to the production of a much smaller quantity of food .
Last updated at 16:32 03 April 2008
More than 450 passengers on the last leg of a round - the - world cruise are preparing to spend a third night stranded in Madeira .
The MV Van Gogh has been prevented from setting sail since being detained on Tuesday in the port of Funchal in the final stage of a three - month voyage .
Holidaymakers were due to arrive back in Falmouth , Cornwall , on Saturday but a dispute involving the administrators of Travelscope , the previous operator , means this schedule is likely to be delayed .
Van Gogh Cruises , which is based in Cheltenham and is a subsidiary of Dutch - owned Club Cruise , is expected to update the passengers on the situation today .
Scroll down for more ...
Passengers wave from the deck of the hostage Van Gogh today
In a statement carried by the Gloucestershire Echo website last night , Van Gogh Cruise Line managing director Mark Horwood said lawyers were arguing for the release of the vessel .
Mr Horwood , 43 , said passengers were preparing a petition to be sent to travel association Abta to request immediate " repatriation " .
He said that Travelscope 's administrators were behind the detention , making " alleged claims " relating to previous charter agreements .
" Currently Club Cruise 's lawyers are liaising with the authorities in an effort to prevent further delay by allowing this matter to be handled on return to Falmouth , to minimise further distress to our passengers , " the statement said .
" However , the administrators have so far refused to allow this .
" The passengers ( approx 460 ) have been kept informed on board . "
It added : " We would like to remind you that it was through the intervention of Club Cruise that the Van Gogh 's World Cruise was saved following the administration of Travelscope .
" The administrators of Travelscope agreed that Club Cruise should operate the cruise .
" They have now prevented them from doing so .
" A further statement will be sent as soon as there are any developments . "
The Van Gogh in Madeira today
Mr Horwood told the BBC he hoped the passengers would be home by Sunday evening .
The holidaymakers had originally booked the cruise through Travelscope but , after it went into administration , Abta arranged for the Van Gogh trip to go ahead in a one - off arrangement .
The liner set off on January 4 from Falmouth for a trip costing up to £ 9,000 per person .
It took in the Mediterranean , Egypt , the Caribbean , Ecuador , Tahiti , New Zealand , Sydney , Mauritius and Cape Town .
A passenger told the BBC that although they are not confined to the ship and can enjoy its facilities , the problem is not knowing if or when they will set sail .
He said they had been told there is a court order against the ship .
" We appear to be being held to ransom by the receivers of Travelscope who are holding the ship here , " he said , adding that there is a " Dunkirk spirit " on board .
Passenger Gladys Hobson , 64 , and her husband Wallace , said when the announcement was made on the ship 's PA system , passengers thought it was an April Fools ' joke .
She said some elderly passengers were concerned they could run out of medication if the dispute stretched on .
" We were all shocked .
Our first reaction was that it was an April Fools ' joke .
Then we realised it was serious , " she told the BBC .
Mrs Hobson , from Tyneside , said passengers felt stuck in the middle of a row that did not involve them .
" The passengers of this ship should not be made to suffer due to a dispute .
They should n't be involving passengers , " she said .
" We 're in a beautiful place .
You could n't be in a better place to be held ransom . "
Meanwhile , a spokeswoman for Abta said last night that the association was aware of the situation and was monitoring it .
" We do n't have any involvement in it at this stage , " she said .
" It 's a commercial dispute which is why the ship is impounded .
We do n't know what that is about .
" The tour operator has assured us that the passengers will be returned home either by ship or plane to fit in with the existing schedule .
This is the end of a three - month cruise . "
The spokeswoman said Abta would look at the petition when it receives it and monitor the situation closely .
More than 200 jobs were lost and the holiday plans of 40,000 people were wrecked after Travelscope ceased trading in December .
But a month later , the administrators revealed that the firm had been sold to Bristol - based Phoenix Holidays , which was set up by two former Travelscope managers .
Nuclear Attack on Iran appears imminent !
Heads - up warning to the American Peoples - Nuclear Attack on Iran appears imminent !
Zahir Ebrahim March 29 , 2008 .
Updated March 31 , 2008 .
[ Addendum April 06 , 2008 : This heads up warning is made even more ominous and abhorrently prescient by the report of April 05 , 2008 in the UK Telegraph : “ British officials gave warning yesterday that America 's commander in Iraq will declare that Iran is waging war against the US - backed Baghdad government .
A strong statement from General David Petraeus about Iran 's intervention in Iraq could set the stage for a US attack on Iranian military facilities , according to a Whitehall assessment .
In closely watched testimony in Washington next week , Gen Petraeus will state that the Iranian threat has risen as Tehran has supplied and directed attacks by militia fighters against the Iraqi state and its US allies . ”
Paul Craig Roberts , the former Assistant Secretary of the US Treasury and former associate editor of the Wall Street Journal , immediately noted : ' The neocon lacky Petraeus has had his script written for him by Cheney , and Petraeus together with neocon warmonger Ryan Crocker , the US governor of the Green Zone in Baghdad , will present Congress next Tuesday and Wednesday with the lies , for which the road has been well paved by neocon propagandists such as Kimberly Kagan , that “ the US must recognize that Iran is engaged in a full - up proxy war against it in Iraq . ”
Do n’t expect Congress to do anything except to egg on the attack . '
It is the earnest and most profound hope of Project HumanbeingsfirstTM that this warning is entirely wrong – that the last nuclear attack on any peoples , and upon any country , under any pretexts , was in 1945 !
But if hopes were horses – beggars would ride , and there would have been no 911 , and no invasion of Afghanistan , Iraq , and Lebanon , to “ Birth - pang a New Middle East ” .
Therefore , a complacent but “ populist democracy ” is shown how to rise to the challenge of the ' hectoring hegemons ' – demand a public referendum before going to war on Iran !
Both NY Times and LA Times showed no interest in this oped submission .
Surely , newsmedia : “ either you are with us , or with the [ super ] terrorists . ” ]
Heads - up warning to the American Peoples – Nuclear attack on Iran appears imminent !
Project Humanbeingsfirst cannot humbly emphasize enough the first order most crucial question that must concern all conscionable ' United States persons ' today , including courageous genuinely patriotic whistleblowers .
The impending nuclear attack on Iran , under all kinds of contrived pretexts , and especially disguised as a “ ' defensive ' U.S. military action ” ( Brzezinski ) must be prevented if this is indeed a genuine “ populist democracy ” for which the erstwhile Brzezinski had observed : “ Democracy is inimical to imperial mobilization ” !
To present a more extensive and coherent analysis than is possible in these Op - Ed pages , the following essay is available from Project Humanbeingsfirst.org : “ Beware of Red Herrings on Nuclear Security spun by Hectoring Hegemons and their patsies ! ”
There must be only one immediate , near term , and long term goal for the equitable security ( and prosperity ) of all peoples on the planet Earth so long as there remains an imbalance of power among us , so long as there remain ' hectoring hegemons ' seeking “ full spectrum dominance ” among us , and so long as there remains an absence of ' full spectrum deterrence ' to “ the pursuit of power ” , for indeed , “ hegemony is as old as mankind ” : prevent new “ ' defensive ' U.S. military action ” .
Especially one in response to a horrendous ' nuclear terrorist act ' transpiring in the United States of America “ that will make Sept. 11 pale by comparison ” – as President George Bush himself prognosticated on February 13 , 2008 , in full anticipation of precisely another catalyzing 911 .
For what else , other than a nuclear terrorist act in America can be described as making “ Sept. 11 pale by comparison ” ?
A major indication that something is imminently afoot is that the sudden ' Civil War ' now raging in Iraq , is about to be directly blamed upon Iran !
A weapons cache allegedly of Iranian origin has just been uncovered , as briefly reported on March 29 , 2008 , in the Pakistani newspaper The News : “ Col . Dominic Caraccilo , commander of the 3rd Brigade , 101st Airborne Division , said the rockets were marked with manufacture dates as recent as 2007 , and were believed to have been brought into the country from Iran during a buildup of U.S. troops last year .
The U.S. military accuses Iran of arming and funding Shiite extremists in Iraq , although Tehran denies the charges . ”
While that war of words and the concomitant Iraqi - fodder of ' Muslim on Muslim ' violence in itself is not a sufficient pretext to nuclear bomb Iran , it is consistent with the rapidly developing pattern of escalating warnings of another terrorist act “ that will make Sept. 11 pale by comparison ” .
The ' setup ' is in accelerated progress to most assuredly lay the blame for “ Iraqi failure to meet [ American ] benchmarks ” upon Iran , and as ' presciently ' noted by Zbigniew Brzezinski before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in 2007 , it will be followed by “ accusations of Iranian responsibility for the failure , then by some provocation in Iraq or a terrorist act in the US blamed on Iran .
culminating in a ' defensive ' US military action against Iran that plunges a lonely America into a spreading and deepening quagmire eventually ranging across Iraq , Iran , Afghanistan and Pakistan . ”
Well , the ' unequivocal evidence ' fingering Iran for Iraqi Army 's easy to predict defeat at the hands of Iranian backed militias in this American backed ' Muslim on Muslim ' violence was just found .
Even President George Bush expressed his great satisfaction at this turn of events by noting that it was a “ positive moment ” , gleefully adding :
“ I understand people here want us to leave , regardless of the situation , but that will not happen so long as I ’m Commander - In - Chief . ”
And this unverified report points to the following ominous headline : ' Saudis Prepare for " Sudden Nuclear Hazards " After Cheney Visit ' , which if true , requires no further elaboration .
In isolation and without context , all these rapidly breaking events are mere unrelated point events .
However , in the light of the none - too - secret White House and Pentagon 's overarching agenda , these are not isolated events .
They are now culminating in the build - up of pretexts for nuclear attack on Iran !
Do the American peoples want to wait until the matters are a fait accompli ?
As William Arkin had reported in the Washington Post three years ago , America can mobilize CONPLAN - 8022 in less than 12 hours notice .
Quoting Lt. Gen. Bruce Carlson , commander of the 8th Air Force : “ We 're now at the point where we are essentially on alert ...
We have the capacity to plan and execute global strikes ... in half a day or less . ”
And from all accounts of the enormous mobilization - buildup to attack Iran already in place , as noted in this 2007 study which concluded “ the US has made military preparations to destroy Iran 's WMD , nuclear energy , regime , armed forces , state apparatus and economic infrastructure within days if not hours of President George W. Bush giving the order ” , and which today , in 2008 , ' includes not only a vast array of weapons , including nuclear weapons , cruise and other missiles and hundreds of aircraft but also “ insertion ” ( invasion ) forces and equipment ' as noted by one observer , that “ half a day or less ” timeperiod is today almost near real - time .
And the moment a nuclear terrorist ' 911 ' in an American or European city , or a provocation by Israel taking out Iran 's nuclear reactor sites , or a ' Gulf - of - Tonkin ' or ' USS Cole ' or ' Lavon Affair ' event that sinks America 's entire 5th fleet in the Persian Gulf transpires , the timeperiod will likely be instantaneous !
The American public will be rendered as bewildered at that time as a fawn caught in headlights , and as enraged to go nuclear - bomb the entire planet as any ' ubermenschen ' simply because they can get away with it !
But interestingly , they wo n't pick on Russia or China who can fight back .
No – they will only pick on a defenseless peoples who dare to standup to “ full spectrum ” hegemony of the ' hectoring hegemons ' .
Only the Iranians ( and Pakistanis ) will bear the brunt of America 's wrath next !
Therefore , knowing how the future is likely to unfold in extremely rapid , fast - breaking developments leaving no time to wisely - reflect or to react - sanely at that time by peoples opposed to America 's endless wars , time to act is now .
Firstly , anything , including all ' nuclear terrorist acts ' on American soil , or anywhere in the world , all shocking revelations by whistleblowers , all leaks in newspapers , and all phantasmal mantras that distract from the afore - stated goal , regardless of how compelling the reasons , must be treated by the unwary and gullible American public and its intellectual dissenting - chiefs , as red herrings , pretexts , and deceptions for premeditated " imperial mobilization " by their nation 's rulers .
Let the American peoples not be ' surprised ' once again by facile disingenuous conclusions like this one in 2005 by the Iraq Study Group in the aftermath of the premeditated invasion of Iraq under false WMD pretexts :
“ We conclude that the intelligence community was dead wrong in almost all of its prewar judgments about Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction .
This was a major intelligence failure ” .
( Iraq Study Group report , March 31 , 2005 )
Or even by un-surprising exposés like this one in 2008 , titled : “ FBI says , ' No Hard Evidence Connecting Bin Laden to 9/11 ' ” , being among the top 25 most censored stories of 2008 .
It quotes Rex Tomb , Chief of Investigative Publicity for the FBI :
“ The reason why 9/11 is not mentioned on Osama bin Laden ’s Most Wanted page is because the FBI has no hard evidence connecting bin Laden to 9/11 .
Bin Laden has not been formally charged in connection to 9/11 . ”
Secondly , if there is reason for the United States to nuclear decimate any country or any peoples in purported ' self - defense ' , the American peoples must demand a ratification of the decision to go to war through a public referendum – let its great “ populist democracy ” speak directly in the modernity of the 21st century before it is called upon to make its sacrifices , before it is called upon to pay its taxes to fund the war , and before it is called upon to acquire innocent blood on its hands !
Even better , draw the soldiers , officers and war - technicians from the pool who vote for war !
If they can vote yes to invade other nations and wantonly shatter the tabula rasa of a ' lesser humanity ' , then they must also first be willing to sign up for doing it themselves – instead of having a draft of economic conscription .
Every ' yes ' voting home in America must have at least one ' patriot ' from the immediate family show up on the front - lines without exception – or their ' yes ' vote is void !
A commonsensical and calculated demand such as this publicly made today , right now , to be adjudicated upon in Congressional public hearings and converted into law , is infinitely more sensible for assuring America 's national security given the hundred + year history of deception for “ imperial mobilization ” by this nation 's Executive branch with willing complicity from its entire ruling elite from legislature to newsmedia – as evidenced from the fiction of USS Maine to the fiction of WMDs – and which today rings the entire globe with more than 700 of its military bases eagerly paid for by Congress year after year in the pretense of keeping an “ American peace ” .
FY 2009 budget is to cost the American tax payers $ 3.1 trillion !
Both the Congress and the Executive effectively comprise the same pool of ' hectoring hegemons ' , with the Judiciary , not espousing the tradition of ' suo moto ' action , preferring to remain silent on any and all matters projected as being related to foreign policy matters , politics , or executive privilege under times of ' war ' !
And to preemptively understand how such a demand for public referendum – if it were to gain a threatening traction – will surely be co-opted by the Executive branch and willingly aided and abetted by the Congress and the Courts , recall that the ' Continuity of Government ' Executive Order can now ' legally ' disable this “ populist democracy ” and its entire democratically elected legislature under emergency powers already appropriated by the Executive .
A Martial Law will be declared with the American soldiers ( or the privatized profit - making wing of it which goes by the name ' Blackwater ' ) re-training their blood soaked guns from the ' lesser humanity ' in the Middle East and South Asia onto the American peoples themselves .
One can already see that particular ' setup ' in active construction even as we speak .
Now the domestic threat is no longer perceived to be primarily from ' Arab ' looking ' jihadi ' men out to terrorize America , but from “ Western ” looking ones as ominously noted by the CIA :
' [ Al Qaeda ] were training “ operatives who look western ” and “ would be able to come into this country without attracting the attention others might ... making it easier for them to get past security at US airports , according to CIA Director Michael Hayden .
If there is another terrorist attack , it will originate there , [ along the border with Afghanistan ] . ” ' ( Pakistani newspaper Dawn , March 31 , 2008 )
Do you “ look Western ” ?
Now it 's your turn buddy !
The moment George Bush's , and the CIA's , and the American military 's prognostications of another ' 911 ' come true , all you ' United We Stand ' “ western ” looking Americans better run and hide quickly under your beds – for who knows which one of you flag - waving ' white - boys ' is secretly 'al Qaeeda ' !
Perhaps you all are !
This scribe takes no pleasure in pointing out the ' I warned you so ' in his 2003 narrative “ They dared to knock on my door ” available at http://humanbeingsfirst.org.
It is of course hastily presumed that “ look western ” means ' white ' .
It could also possibly mean ' Black ' , ' Hispanic ' , ' Chinese ' , and of course , also ' Arab ' .
The only thing it surely does n't mean is ' Pakistani ' looking !
Great !
Should all ' brown - skinned ' peoples in America finally breathe a sigh of relief ?
No – we will be the first ones interned as the already known ' old enemy ' under any Martial Law !
It is the free - willed Americans who must now be afraid the most as the new ' enemy combatants ' , for most of us lowly immigrants escaping from our respective ' hell - holes ' to make a better lives for ourselves have already shown our true cowardly ' native - informant ' and ' uncle tom ' sides to the authorities !
The fascists have genuinely nothing to fear from us ' brownies ' , and they know it ever since Sept. 11 when our mosques to our wedding halls began crawling with FBI agents .
It is mainly the free - willed peoples who “ look western ” , and who are also armed under their 2th Amendment Rights and who might also insist upon their 4th Amendment Rights , that the fascists genuinely fear the most !
It would be a pleasure to observe how FBI agents fare among their ' western ' churches , synagogues , weddings , and wine parties !
Welcome to the Fourth Reich in America where the new enemy is those who “ look western ” !
Shrewdly anticipating what the ' hectoring hegemons ' will do to thwart a conscionable peoples ' imperatives to stay a free peoples , the American peoples must make their own next moves now as outlined above while they still possibly can , and with much alertness , in order to prevent the premeditated orchestration of nuclear “ revolutionary times ” which will surely become the harbinger of many “ inconceivable ” operations in the world , including many changes right here in the US of A .
Once the nuclear ' Rubicon ' is crossed , the “ revolutionary times ” intended to “ birth - pang a new Middle East ” for the “ New World Order ” will predictably acquire an uncontrollable dynamics of its own right here in the American homeland itself .
Demanding a public referendum before any act of ' retaliation ' as a matter of law is the only peacefully - efficacious American peoples ' immediate protocol for arresting the cancer of “ imperial mobilization ” in its tracks with all its concomitant benefits directly accruing to the ordinary peoples of this nation in the longer run – from increased social spending to a safer world for them to vacation in , to proudly disclose in far away places that they are American without the fear of being gunned down .
Other collective protocols by the rest of the planet 's peoples may not be so benign .
It is the profound and most earnest plea of Project HumanbeingsfirstTM to the American newsmedia to not be co-opted by another ' shocking ' USS Maine , another ' Gulf of Tonkin ' , another ' 911 ' , and another ' mantra of WMDs ' into misleading their own peoples to mobilize for war .
Even if , as a leading Pakistani English newspaper 's editor once explained to this scribe , ' freedom of the press , in effect , actually means freedom of the owners of the press - worldwide ' , please exercise at least that freedom to not go to war on the American peoples themselves !
*************
Zahir Ebrahim
Project Humanbeingsfirst.org
email : humanbeingsfirst@gmail.com
The author , an ordinary researcher and writer on contemporary geopolitics , a minor justice activist , grew up in Pakistan , studied EECS at MIT , engineered for a while in high - tech Silicon Valley ( patents here ) , and retired early to pursue other responsible interests .
His maiden 2003 book was rejected by six publishers and can be read on the web at http://PrisonersoftheCave.org.
He may be reached at http://Humanbeingsfirst.org.
Copyright Notice :
All material copyright ( c ) Project HumanbeingsfirstTM , with full permission to copy , repost , and reprint , in its entirety , unmodified and unedited , for any purpose , granted , provided the URL sentence and this copyright notice are also reproduced verbatim as part of this license , and not doing so may be subject to copyright license violation infringement claims pursuant to remedies noted at http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap5.html.
The rights of the author to express these views are based on inalienable rights noted at http://www.hrweb.org/legal/undocs.html, and to do so freely without suffering intimidation and duress .
All quotations and excerpts are based on non-profit " fair use " in the greater public interest consistent with the understanding of laws noted at http://www4.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.html.
Full copyright notice and Exclusions at http://www.humanbeingsfirst.org.
© Scoop Media
