LOUISVILLE , Ky. --
A reserve guard that Louisville coach Rick Pitino considers so bashful , he sounds shy even when he yells , made sure to send venerable Freedom Hall out with one more memorable game .
Kyle Kuric scored all of his career - high 22 points in the second half , and the Cardinals stunned No. 1 Syracuse 78-68 on Saturday before a record crowd of 20,135 at the 54 - year - old venue .
It was the final game there before Louisville moves into a new downtown arena .
" It 's an unbelievable moment , " Kuric said .
" It 's what every kid dreams of . "
Kuric may have also assured Louisville ( 20 - 11 , 11 - 7 Big East ) a return trip to the NCAA tournament by sweeping the regular - season series from the Orange ( 28 - 3 , 15 - 3 ) , whose only other loss came against Pittsburgh ( No. 18 ESPN / USA Today , No. 17 AP ) .
" These seniors have never gone to [ an NIT ] , " Pitino said .
" And now they never will . "
Although Syracuse led by eight points late in the first half , Kuric was a one - man wrecking crew in the second .
He made 9 of 11 shots -- including four 3 - pointers -- to make for another happy ending at Freedom Hall , which has seen its share of historic games .
" There have been 54 years of great basketball , and for us to come out and beat the No. 1 team is a great going away present for all our fans , " senior Edgar Sosa said .
Trailing 42-39 early in the second half , the Cardinals found their inside game with three straight baskets in the paint that gave them the lead for good .
Kuric had two of them , a fastbreak dunk and layup .
In a span of just over five minutes , Kuric also had all four of his 3 - pointers .
After his second one , Syracuse 's Scoop Jardine immediately answered with a 3 , so Kuric simply answered right back with another one .
Jardine finished with 20 points .
With under four minutes left , it was Kuric 's dunk that pushed the Louisville lead to 10 , and he got another one on a break that buried the Orange with under two minutes left .
" Everybody that comes off their bench is capable of hitting three or four 3s , " Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim said .
" He might be the best at doing that . "
After a Detroit shopkeeper declined to alter a wedding dress , the bride 's family rended manikkins from their stands and bludgeoned the store 's staff , one of whom was mysteriously rendered shirtless .
A local news station reports .
Says the store owner : " They do n't know how to deal with things in the United States .
They think they in Fallujah or the mountains of Iraq or somewhere . "
This is how they request dress alterations in Fallujah ?
Bring our troops home , it 's too dangerous there .
[ via Digg ]
Eight or more civilians died in the custody of British troops in the weeks after the invasion of Iraq , despite frequent warnings by the army 's most senior legal adviser there about unlawful treatment of detainees , an inquiry has heard .
In devastating evidence to an official inquiry , Lieutenant Colonel Nicholas Mercer described the way Iraqi detainees were intimidated and hooded by British soldiers as " repulsive " .
He said that 10 days after the invasion in March 2003 he saw 20 or 30 detainees lined up with sandbags on their heads .
He was shocked , he said , adding that it was " a bit like seeing pictures of Guantánamo Bay for the first time " .
Mercer said he had had a " massive row " with the commander of the Queens Dragoon Guards about the army 's legal obligations under the Geneva conventions and the European Convention on Human Rights .
He had walked out of a meeting between British officials and the International Committee of the Red Cross after being told by a " political adviser " to keep his mouth shut , he added .
Mercer 's repeated protests about the unlawful treatment of Iraqis in British custody was so unwelcome within the Ministry of Defence that his boss , Martin Hemming , head of its legal service , threatened to report him to the Law Society , he said .
Mercer , who is still serving , was giving evidence into the death of Baha Mousa , a Basra hotel worker who died in British custody in September 2003 .
This was months after Mercer had persistently warned senior army officers — including General Robin Brims , commander of British troops in southern Iraq — that detainees were being subjected to unlawful treatment .
He revealed that he and Brims later refused to sign statements pre-prepared by Hemming as evidence to the Commons human rights committee .
He said the abuse of Iraqi prisoners might have been prevented if a British judge had been appointed to oversee the handling of detainees , a proposal that he said was blocked by Lord Goldsmith , the attorney general .
Goldsmith , who has said he never authorised the use of five banned techniques , including hooding , may be asked to give evidence to the inquiry with the former defence secretary Geoff Hoon , and former armed forces minister , Adam Ingram .
In his evidence , Mercer described how in May 2003 , two months after first issuing his warnings , military police investigators told him about two deaths in custody .
They added that they thought there were " five or six more deaths that required investigation " .
Speaking later outside the inquiry , Phil Shiner of Public Interest Lawyers , which represents Iraqi detainees , said there were 47 " unresolved cases " involving the mistreatment of civilians by British troops .
" There are so many cases , that is why we need a single inquiry [ to cover them all ] " , he said .
Mercer recalled seeing one prisoner , Faisal Sadoon , held in " appalling conditions " in a container " with a barbed wire door in 40 degrees - plus of heat " .
He was told of prisoners appearing bruised and hooded at detention centres .
He recalled seeing " a generator running outside the interrogation tent , which seemed to me to create a culture of intimidation and possibly with the aim of muffling any noise " .
He warned that " in no circumstances should [ detainees ' ] faces be covered as this might impair breathing " " I felt I was banging my head against a brick wall .
We found ourselves in a constant legal battle , " he told the inquiry .
He regarded hooding , banned in 1972 , as repulsive .
" It amounts to violence and intimidation and it degrades the individual so I do n't like it in any circumstance , " he said .
He said he felt vindicated when the Red Cross began to express concern in May 2003 .
British soldiers were handed cards before the invasion saying that civilians should be treated " humanely " .
But there was no training in interrogation techniques , Mercer said .
His warnings , and those of the Red Cross , reached ministers and top military commanders in London .
But hooding was not banned until after Mousa 's death more than six months later , the inquiry heard .
" The issue of prisoners had very low priority and was treated more as an inconvenience than an obligation under international law , " Mercer said in a written statement to the inquiry .
It was partly a question of resources and lack of planning , he said .
But he added that it was also about " proper education , training , and the moral compass " .
He said there was a " classic dilemma " in the army .
" You 're in the command structure and there 's always pressure to do one thing , when legally you may believe something else " .
An MoD spokesman said : " All deaths in British custody in Iraq have been thoroughly investigated .
Having committed to a public inquiry , it would be wrong to comment upon any evidence presented to it . "
He said the ministry will have an opportunity to respond to the report written by the chairman , Sir William Gage , at the end of proceedings .
EATONTOWN --
An attendant at a central New Jersey animal shelter has been charged with animal cruelty after authorities say he killed two cats in the shelter 's surgical recovery room .
Eatontown police say they arrested 31 - year - old Daniel Mann of Belmar Monday afternoon after other workers at the Monmouth County SPCA shelter reported that they saw him strangle one cat and throw the other to the ground head first .
Mann was being held today at the Monmouth County Jail in lieu of $ 30,000 bail .
Authorities did not know if he had retained an attorney .
Monmouth County SPCA Chief Victor " Buddy " Amato said Mann had worked at the shelter for about 18 months .
An animal cruelty charge carries a maximum three - to five - year prison term .
Related Coverage :
• Holmdel man fined for abandoning sister 's dog in woods
• Woman is charged with slitting dog 's throat during argument with fiancé in Union Beach
• Barnegat man is accused of beating ex-girlfriend 's two cats , one fatally
Children in Maputo who make a living salvaging at the dump .
Photo by GroundWorkSouth Africa .
By Joseph Hanlon and Milton Keynes
March 5 , 2010 -- Pambazuka News --
A return to war in Mozambique is highly unlikely , but the widening chasm between rich and poor and growing social exclusion are creating a ‘ serious risk ’ of conflict .
This was the warning issued by the Peer Review Mechanism Forum in Mozambique ’s self - evaluation report to the African Union Peer Review in February 2009 .
[1 ]
Similarly , Mozambique ’s Institute for the Promotion of Peace — an association of former fighters from both sides in the 1981 – 92 war — remarked in March 2009 that Mozambique seems at peace , but growing economic disparities and socioeconomic injustice are weakening the peaceful transition .
[ 2 ]
Mozambique ’s peace has been remarkable — without any truth commission or international courts , the 1992 peace accord has held without retributions and with former foes serving together in parliament and the army .
One result is that Mozambique has become a ‘ donor darling ’ , with relatively high levels of aid .
In 2007 the World Bank talked of Mozambique ’s ‘ blistering pace of economic growth ’ , [ 3 ] while the IMF said ‘ Mozambique is a success story in Sub - Saharan Africa , benefiting from sustained large foreign aid inflows , strong and broad - based growth and deep poverty reduction ’ . [ 4 ]
Despite this apparent success , both the World Bank and UNICEF have pointed to the ‘ paradox ’ of rising chronic child malnutrition in the face of rapid GDP growth , [ 5 ] and in a 2006 survey three quarters of Mozambicans stated that in the past five years their economic position had remained the same or become worse . [ 6 ]
One million people died in Mozambique ’s 1981 – 92 war , and one third of the population had to flee their homes .
In the aftermath there was an intense feeling of ‘ never again ’— everything must be done to avoid violence .
But 17 years later , there has been a subtle mood change .
Those who fought gained nothing , while their leaders have become comfortable and prosperous .
Furthermore , there is now a new generation of young people who do not remember the war .
With a basic primary education they are moving into towns and cities to try to earn a living in the ‘ informal sector ’ on the margins of the law .
Lynching in poor urban neighbourhoods is increasing , and violent crime is increasingly an issue in the media and in public meetings with President Armando Guebuza .
Concerns about the social implications of growing divisions had led to warnings of social violence in the first draft of this article presented at the Wilton Park Conference on Conflict Prevention and Development Co-operation in Africa on 10 November 2007 .
[ 7 ]
Since then , both violence and warnings about violence have increased significantly .
As the peer review self assessment stresses , the risk is not a return to formal civil war , but rather the increased prevalence of inchoate violence in communities .
There was an unprecedented riot in Maputo on 5 February 2008 and in early 2009 violent clashes erupted between communities and the police .
Most Mozambicans cannot imagine a return to war , yet the poor and hungry may increasingly resort to violence when they feel their lives and livelihoods are threatened .
The first section of this article looks at Mozambique ’s three decades of war , and how the most recent war was driven by global geo-politics but partly sustained by internal inequalities .
The settlement was unique , with no truth commission or tribunal and a highly successful demobilisation package .
In the next section , the focus turns towards the post - war period , elections and the influential role of the international community of donors which evinces commonalities with other post - war experiences , such as in Sierra Leone . [ 8 ]
The policy dominance of the international financial institutions is displayed . [ 9 ]
The third section shows that economic restrictions have eased but that the ‘ peace dividend ’ has been modest .
The article exposes the failure to reduce poverty and highlights the growing gaps between the better off and the poor .
While Mozambique has been open to foreign investment and has witnessed substantial GDP growth , the poor majority have not benefited .
There is no organised violence of the sort normally linked to war but the growth in social violence is leading to growing concerns about social stability .
Growing inequality and economic growth that does not trickle down to the poorer segments of the population is increasing tensions .
Finally , the article draws the implications of the bubbling popular discontent and disrespect for a system that has not ended poverty or provided equitable opportunities to citizens .
It argues that Mozambique is not the success story that has been painted by donors who have singularly failed to address looming problems of increased poverty and jobless youth .
Three decades , three wars
Mozambique suffered three decades of almost continuous war : 1964 – 74 liberation / colonial war , 1976 – 80 Rhodesia war and 1981 – 92 Cold War proxy war of destabilisation .
If one accepts the definition that ‘ civil war is collective killing with some collective purpose , mainly within one country , and where the fighting is primarily between people of that country ’ , [ 10 ] then the 1964 –74 and 1981 – 92 wars were ‘ civil wars ’ , and probably the 1976 – 80 war as well .
But all three were largely driven by outside forces .
Mozambique was a colony of NATO - member Portugal , which refused of follow the decolonisation ( and neocolonialism ) strategies of France or Britain .
Liberation wars began in all of its African colonies in 1964 , eventually leading to the overthrow of the fascist government in Portugal in 1974 .
Unusually , Mozambique had only one liberation movement , Frelimo , [ 11 ] which signed a peace agreement in 1974 , leading to independence in 1975 .
The peace lasted just two years .
Mozambique was bordered by two countries ruled by white minority governments , Rhodesia and South Africa . [ 12 ]
Rhodesian independence fighters were allowed bases in Mozambique , and the Rhodesian Government attacked Mozambique in 1976 ; soon after , Mozambique imposed sanctions on Rhodesia .
Rhodesia responded by creating an anti-Frelimo guerrilla force , eventually named Renamo . [ 13 ]
Independence in Zimbabwe in April 1980 brought peace , excitement and a promise of development .
This time , peace lasted just one year .
Renamo was quickly handed over to the South Africans — with the tacit approval of the British Government . [ 14 ]
Ronald Reagan was elected US President in November 1980 on a vociferously anti-Communist and US - focused policy platform .
He intensified the Cold War through proxy wars in Angola , Nicaragua and Mozambique , where the US backed and helped to create , openly or covertly , armed opposition forces .
In particular , he saw white South Africa as a bastion against Communism in neighbouring states .
South Africa adopted a policy of economic and military destabilisation of its neighbouring countries , [ 15 ] involving sanctions , direct attacks and support for proxy forces such as Renamo , which was given training and shipped into Mozambique with extensive air and sea support . [ 16 ]
Portuguese colonialism had been poor and crude and Frelimo , in the late 1970s , was widely popular for bringing independence and free movement , and for its rapid expansion of health and education .
So schools , health posts , economic infrastructure and transport were targeted to undermine Frelimo ’s basis of popularity .
Passengers were burned alive in buses to make people afraid to travel ; schools were attacked , and teachers and pupils kidnapped and killed to make people afraid to use the Frelimo education system .
The decade - long war was a heavy assault on Mozambique ’s social and economic infrastructure .
From a mid-1980s population of 13 – 15 million , one million people died ( 7 per cent of the population ) and five million were displaced or made refugees in neighbouring countries ( one - third of the population ) .
Damage was estimated at US $ 20 billion . [ 17 ]
UNICEF estimated that Mozambique ’s gross domestic product was only half of what it would have been without the war . [ 18 ]
The number of first level health posts had been increased from 326 at independence to 1195 in 1985 , but 500 of these were closed or destroyed by Renamo ; 60 per cent of all primary schools were destroyed or closed ; more than 3,000 rural shops were destroyed or closed , and most never reopened . [ 19 ]
The United Nations estimated that by the end of the war in 1992 , Renamo controlled 23 per cent of the land area but only 6 per cent of the population , [ 20 ] because so many fled to government - controlled towns or to refugee camps in neighbouring states .
A peace accord between Renamo and the government was signed in Rome on 4 October 1992 .
The peace accord recognised the existing constitution and the ( Frelimo ) government as legitimate , but called for new elections and support to turn Renamo into a political party .
This was followed by UN - monitored demobilisation and elections on 27 – 29 October 1994 , which were won convincingly by Frelimo .
With the end of the Cold War , wars ended in Namibia , South Africa and Mozambique , and stopped temporarily in Angola , while a US - backed dictator was overthrown in Malawi .
US - backed forces lost elections in all five southern African countries .
Demobilisation and reconciliation
Mozambique ’s war never developed a momentum of its own like the similar proxy war in Angola .
Fighters on both sides no longer believed they were fighting for anything , and simply wanted to go home . [ 21 ]
Richard Synge in his book on the UN mission in Mozambique comments on ‘ the frustrations of the assembled soldiers , whose desire to rejoin civilian live was the most effective limitation on the parties ’ chances of returning to war ’ . [ 22 ]
During the peace talks there were local truces , and after the accord there were few cease fire violations .
There were 105,000 soldiers and guerrillas and the peace accord called for a new army of 30,000 made up equally of the two sides .
But it had to be voluntary , and only 12,000 people decided to join the new army — and most of those were officers . [ 23 ]
Former fighters voted with their feet , and went home . [ 24 ]
Demobilisation of 93,000 fighters was smoothed by an effective package .
They were given their salary for two years , the first six months paid by the government and the next 18 months paid by donors through a US $ 35.5 million UN trust fund .
Half the group were ordinary soldiers who received US $ 7 per month ; 35 per cent were lower level officers with salaries of US $ 10 – 24 .
Demobbed soldiers received transport to anywhere in the country and they were given a book of cheques or vouchers which could be cashed every two months at a branch of the People ’s Development Bank ( BPD , Banco Popular de Desenvolvimento ) . [ 25 ]
Cash payments gave ‘ a new impetus to social life , especially in rural areas ’ , according to one study . [ 26 ]
The key to the success seems to have been the two years — long enough to find a wife , have a child and establish a farm .
Despite the success of the Mozambican demobilisation , it has not been repeated elsewhere because it was considered too expensive ; more commonly after other wars , soldiers have only received six months money or a single lump sum , which has often proved ineffective .
There was no truth commission and few people talk about the atrocities of the war .
Yet the level of reconciliation and the lack of retribution and vengeance have been remarkable , and Mozambique never suffered the level of violence that plagues South Africa .
Most people accepted that this was mostly an imposed proxy war , where fighters on both sides were press - ganged into a war directed by far - away leaders for reasons that had nothing to do with Mozambique .
Starting again meant putting aside a horrible past .
Better not to open Pandora ’s Box with a truth commission or trials . [ 27 ]
Divisions and differences
In the post - Cold War period the roots of civil war have been probed and various explanations have been offered .
Concern about the prevention of organised violence has led to a closer look at social divisions , and especially at ‘ ethnic ’ tensions and regional differences .
In Mozambique , ethnic , language and religious differences have not been and are unlikely to be significant drivers of violence .
The country hosts between 12 and 24 mother tongues — only one of which is a European language ( Portuguese ) . [ 28 ]
The most common language , Emakhuwa , is spoken by only one quarter of the population and the others are spoken by 11 per cent or fewer .
Many people speak several languages and Portuguese is the language of government .
Regional and language group identification with parties is neither total nor consistent ; both parties have elected members of parliament from 10 of the 11 provinces . [ 29 ]
Frelimo ’s base tends to be the south and the far north , with the centre — which has a tradition going back to the colonial era of being hostile to central government — being Renamo ’s base .
Language is not a good guide .
Emakhuwa speakers are divided between the two parties , while Renamo is stronger in provinces with a larger number of languages .
Rather than ethnic , language or regional divisions , the main differences that could lead to violence are between rich and poor and between urban and rural .
Indeed , differences in economic and social development within ethnic and language groups and within provinces are much larger than average differences between groups or provinces .
Ethnic and language issues have not triggered violence and seem unlikely to do so ; rather very wide economic and developmental differences have been , and will be , causes of organised violence .
This was already an issue in the 1981 – 92 war .
War was externally driven , and divisions and conflicts within the country would not have become violent without outside intervention .
However , destabilisation builds on the target ’s weaknesses .
Renamo fighters were largely kidnapped young men , usually initiated into the movement by being forced to commit a brutal act , such as killing a member of their own family .
Senior officers were trained in South Africa .
Portuguese colonialism had been so retrograde that at independence Frelimo embarked on a programme of rapid modernisation and industrialisation .
On a social level this meant ending the role of traditional chiefs , who were largely named by the colonial authorities and served as tax collectors .
However , some local chiefs had local respect and played key roles in land distribution , inheritance and local conflict resolution ; traditions and ceremonies remained important .
On an economic level , as part of its modernisation strategy , Frelimo ’s emphasis was on industry and state and co-operative farming , which largely ignored the majority of peasants who were , incorrectly , assumed to be self - sufficient .
As in neighbouring Tanzania , there was a programme of villagisation ( initially voluntary but later forced ) , which was seen as essential to provide modern health and education services .
Inflation increased in the early 1980s and marketing collapsed , due both to the war and to economic strategies that failed to address the needs of the peasantry .
But as the 1980s progressed , Renamo gained first acquiescence and then some local support , so that when Renamo entered an area , local people often did not resist .
Renamo reinstated the local chiefs and told people in villages to go back to their traditional land .
While Renamo ’s rule was often brutal , many reinstated chiefs backed Renamo .
Most people fled to the towns but some stayed and accepted the Renamo occupation .
Renamo became the party of people opposed to modernisation — those who supported traditional leaders and wanted to continue traditional ceremonies , and those who had been harmed by the errors of economic modernisation policies .
Thus , it is possible to use social contract and greed - grievance models of the roots of civil war to explain the war . [ 30 ]
The greed - grievance debate started around 2000 when Paul Collier asserted that ‘ rebellion does not seem to be the rage of the poor ’ and that most civil wars are due to the greed of opportunistic leaders . [ 31 ]
His position was challenged by Natziger and Auvien who argued ‘ that objective grievances or poverty and inequality contribute to war ’ . [ 32 ]
From this perspective , the failure of the Frelimo economic modernisation strategy and the deterioration of the rural economy generated popular grievances that could be mobilised against government .
This line of argument is consistent with the contemporary theory according to which the risk of a civil war rises when the implicit social contract between a government and its citizens breaks down .
This occurs most often in societies characterised by high inequality . [ 33 ]
Taking the Natziger and Auvinen line , inequality and a failure to promote development led to grievances , which became part of a breakdown in the social contract .
While on its own the breakdown was not serious enough to cause or trigger a civil war in the case of Mozambique , it led poor rural people to tolerate the invasion of Renamo forces .
Post - war : elections , aid and adjustment
Since the end of the war in 1992 , Frelimo has convincingly won all six multi-party elections ( national in 1994 , 1999 and 2004 and local in 1998 , 2003 and 2008 ) . [ 34 ]
Three quarters of all voting age adults participated in the first ever multi-party elections in 1994 .
Existing president and Frelimo party head Joaquim Chissano was convincingly re-elected with 53 per cent of the vote , compared to 34 per cent for Renamo head Afonso Dhlakama .
In part , the vote for Renamo was to bring it into politics and ensure an end to the war and , in part , it was a vote against Frelimo which was blamed for growing economic difficulties .
The election won high praise from international observers .
Frelimo was the single liberation movement and then the party of the one - party state , so it had an established network reaching all levels of society .
With the advent of multi-party elections , Frelimo converted that structure into something similar to party machines in developed countries .
The war ended without Renamo having built a strong local base , but it did attract a number of competent and ambitious people who had fallen out with Frelimo .
Despite advice from a wide range of conservative parties and foundations , party president Afonso Dhlakama refused to turn Renamo into a conventional political party ; he continued to run it personally , treat it as a centralised guerrilla movement and to expel anyone perceived as a threat .
As a result , Renamo lacked sufficient cadres for its organisation and it failed to push its supporters to vote .
Numerous small parties have emerged but none has made an impact .
The multi-party system was introduced at the same time as capitalism ; people expected to be paid for everything and voluntary work was seen as part of the bad old socialist system .
Thus small parties and NGOs have been formed mainly to secure an income .
Only Frelimo has been able to build a party machine based on a mix of voluntary work and patronage .
One result is that Frelimo has faced no effective opposition and has increasingly become the predominant party — the natural party of government .
But in early 2009 a significant third party coalesced around Daviz Simango , the popular and effective mayor of Beira who was expelled from Renamo in 2008 .
Meanwhile , turnout has been falling .
Registration has consistently been over 80 per cent of voting age adults , but turnout of registered voters dropped from 88 per cent in 1994 to 74 per cent in 1999 and only 43 per cent in 2004 . [ 35 ]
Most of the 2004 abstainers appear to be people who had voted against Frelimo in 1999 , and decided it was not worth voting in 2004 .
Three explanations have been given : voters no longer opposed Frelimo ( which had a new presidential candidate ) , they no longer saw Renamo as a credible opposition , or they felt that democracy and electoral politics would not resolve their worsening poverty .
Donors , turning to the West and adjustment
Mozambique ’s relations with its donors have been complex .
Frelimo has a long history of maintaining a wide range of support .
In the 1960s during the liberation war , Frelimo was unusual in receiving aid from both China and the Soviet Union .
In the 1990s , it joined both the British Commonwealth and the Portuguese CPLP ( Comunidade dos Paýses de Lýngua Portuguesa ) .
During the 1981 –92 destabilisation war , Mozambique was kept alive by a mix of aid from the Eastern bloc — the Soviet Union and other communist countries including East Germany — as well as traditional Western European allies — Nordics , Netherlands and Italy — who were not prepared to confront the US directly over its proxy war but who were willing to bandage Mozambique ’s wounds .
As the Cold War and South African destabilisation intensified Mozambique tried to reach an accommodation with the US to end the war . [ 36 ]
In response , the US demanded ‘ a turn toward the West ’ .
Mozambique joined the IMF and World Bank ( the Bretton Woods Institutions , or BWI ) in 1984 and agreed to allow US non-government organisations to work in Mozambique .
The economy was badly battered by the war , with production falling and inflation rising rapidly , to a point where the Mozambican currency ( the Metical ) was almost valueless .
The Bretton Woods Institutions wanted shock therapy ( as was later applied unsuccessfully to Russia ) .
Even Mozambique ’s friends pushed it to try to settle with the US , and in the 1980s , donors twice withheld food aid and allowed Mozambicans to starve — in 1983 to force it to join the Bretton Woods institutions , and in 1986 to pressure it to agree to a first structural adjustment programme . [ 37 ]
Again , Mozambique successfully judged the balance of support , and in 1986 it introduced its own compromise programme with devaluation , deregulation , privatisation , health charges and less price control .
In contrast to the Bretton Woods Institutions ' prescriptions there was also an increase in wages and producer prices , support for moving consumer goods into rural areas to stimulate the economy and assistance for local industry .
Donors approved and aid tripled , from US$ 300 million in 1985 to US$ 920 million in 1988 .
GDP grew , inflation fell and the metical was again worth something so that people no longer demanded dollars or rand .
Economic growth happened despite the intensification of the war .
But the IMF was not satisfied , and from 1990 it imposed harsh adjustment policies , including savage cuts in government spending , limits on credit to the economy and sharp cuts in real wages — nurses and teachers fell below the poverty line in 1992 , below the abject poverty line ( then US $ 50 per month ) in 1993 and below US $ 40 per month in 1996 .
Where the government policy led to rising GDP and falling inflation from 1987 through to 1991 , the IMF policy led to falling GDP and rising inflation , even after the war ended in 1992 .
There was no peace dividend and little post - war reconstruction .
In the early 1990s , the unquestioned victory of ‘ savage capitalism ’ and the policy dominance of the Bretton Woods Institutions were largely accepted by Mozambique ’s remaining donors .
Nearly all donors made aid conditional on the recipient having programmes with the IMF and World Bank , which gave those agencies dictatorial power to impose the harshest adjustment .
But two problems arose .
First , the IMF also imposed a cap on aid , saying that spending aid on post - war reconstruction would be inflationary , while the donors wanted to spend more money on what was already becoming a donor darling .
Under IMF pressure the minimum wage had fallen from US $ 40 per month in 1991 to US $ 15 per month in 1995 .
But in 1995 the newly elected government raised the minimum wage to US $ 20 .
The head of an IMF delegation in Maputo in September 1995 condemned the increase and warned that the IMF would suspend its programme and declare Mozambique ‘ off track ’ .
Because donors all required Bretton Woods Institution programmes before they dispensed aid , the IMF would have suddenly ended all aid .
A group of donors concerned about the lack of peace dividend , the cap on their own aid and the threat of a further squeeze by the IMF issued an unprecedented public statement backing the government and criticising the IMF .
It worked .
The IMF backed off , loosening its controls on the economy , allowing more aid spending and permitting the increase in the minimum wage .
GDP began to grow and inflation fell .
The government was able to rebuild schools and health posts .
The second problem related to what became a donor obsession in the late 1980s and early 1990s : accelerating Mozambique ’s transition to capitalism and its acceptance of free market policies , and quickly turning the Frelimo ‘ socialist ’ leadership into capitalists .
The World Bank took the lead by pushing loans to Frelimo leaders who were involved in privatised businesses , knowing that the loans would not be repaid . [ 38 ]
World Bank president James D. Wolfensohn in 1996 took the view that there was little the bank could do about corruption in developing countries because it ‘ cannot intervene in the political affairs of our member countries ’ , [ 39 ] and it moved slowly to address issues of corruption .
USAID said openly that it was trying to ‘ erode ’ the capacity of the state in order to make it easier for private interests and non-government organisations to take over . [ 40 ]
In the first years of independence , Mozambique had been a paragon of integrity and honesty but by the early 1990s , corruption was endemic .
In an earlier article , once rejected out of hand but now grudgingly accepted , I argued that in the mid-1990s the donors had made an implicit deal with the governing elite — in exchange for faultlessly implementing donors ’ demands on the economy , corruption would be allowed . [ 41 ]
Twenty - first century — subservience and MDGs
After the turn of the century , concern began to grow about the failures of the adjustment programme and that IMF limits on social spending would prevent Mozambique meeting the Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) .
Caps were eased .
Then another , more quiet , donor confrontation forced the IMF in 2006 to further lift caps on aid spending in health and education .
By the early 2000s increasing numbers of donors were providing direct budget support , and the Budget Support Group became the main donor policy forum .
By 2007 there were 19 members and they signed an annual contract with the government covering all policy areas , with donor representatives at the heart of decision making processes within government . [ 42 ]
Mozambique truly is a ‘ donor darling ’ receiving US $ 65 per person per year in aid , compared to Tanzania and Uganda ( which have almost the same GDP per capita as Mozambique and are often grouped with Mozambique as IFI showcases of ‘ success ’ [ 43 ] ) and Malawi ( which is much poorer than Mozambique ) , which each receive only US $ 42 per person per year .
A joint donor–government study in early 2007 said ‘ Mozambique is generally considered an aid success story ’ , [ 44 ] but that there is ‘ a widespread perception that government leadership and ownership of the aid agenda has left donors in the driver seat ’ . [ 45 ]
A 2004 study said ‘ high aid dependence means that the budget process essentially involves only two actors , the executive and foreign donors .
Accountability to donors is much stronger than it is to Mozambican society ’. [ 46 ]
An ironically titled 2005 report , Perfect Partners , said that the Mozambique government apparently believes ‘ that its undoubted reliance on foreign assistance means that it is not in a position to insist on its own priorities .
[ . . . ]
We would like to stress that aid dependency does not have to entail subservience ’. [ 47 ]
But one of the authors went on to argue that Mozambique ’s decision to apparently give up ownership is , in fact , a choice — to maximise aid flows — and thus a form of ownership . [ 48 ]
Mozambique needs the money and the donors are desperate for an African success story .
‘ It ’s the economy , stupid ’ [ 49 ]
Seventeen years after the end of the war , travelling through rural Mozambique , one still sees destroyed shops and government buildings .
The Cold War may now be a dim memory in the US and Western Europe , but its results are still a very real presence in Mozambique .
Two decades of structural adjustment and 17 years of peace have not brought prosperity .
There was real economic growth after the war , as peasants reopened abandoned fields and the rebuilding of roads and bridges increased rural trade .
Aid remained capped , as did the government salary bill , but the caps were looser .
The most severe constraint was that the IMF forced a steady decrease in credit to the economy .
An important policy shift was that under Bretton Woods Institutions pressure the grain marketing board was closed , ending storage facilities and guaranteed prices , and shifting all of the risk onto peasants still recovering from war .
In the colonial era and before the war , rural shops bought crops and sold inputs , but most shops were destroyed in the war and never reopened .
There are many more petty traders on foot or bicycle ; they sell small items but do not buy crops .
Agricultural technology and productivity levels remain low , and there is little rural credit . [ 50 ]
The central problem appears to be that too little money is going into the rural economy and this is hindering economic development .
Total useable post - war aid [ 51 ] has been US $ 12 billion — just over half the cost of the 1981 – 92 Cold War proxy war .
So the former ‘ West ’ has not even given Mozambique enough to repair the damage it caused .
In addition to a simple lack of money , the Bretton Woods Institution policy now adopted by Mozambique is that the role of donors and the state is to create human capital ( through health and education ) and build infrastructure ( roads and electricity ) , and on that basis , the private sector will invest , develop Mozambique and end poverty .
The government can create the conditions , but then , ‘ it must be left to the market , ’ explained Aiuba Cuereneia , Mozambique ’s Planning and Development Minister . [ 52 ]
‘ Our policy is to attract investors who bring know - how , access to markets and capital , and who do not need Mozambican banks ’ , explained Roberto Albino , the head of the government agency to promote commercial agriculture ( CEPAGRI , Centro da Promoc¸ao da Agricultura ) . [ 53 ]
Mozambique has few experienced business people and they lack capital , which means , Cuereneia admits , that for the next few years , ‘ unfortunately , most investment will be foreign ’ .
This vision of development is popular with donors .
Speaking for the 19 budget support donors , Norway ’s ambassador Thorbjorn Gaustadsaether on 21 September 2007 praised the government ‘ particularly for its macro-economic management ’ .
Although some donors such as Britain have been arguing that neo-liberalism and the Washington Consensus are dead , [ 54 ] the budget support group in Maputo made clear that those policies are alive and well in Maputo .
But foreign business people are not rushing in to invest in poverty reducing or labour intensive production , so jobs are not being created .
Most foreign investment has been in mega- projects in the mineral - energy sector — a US $ 1.5 billion aluminium smelter , a gas pipeline for export to South Africa and titanium and coal mines .
UNDP ’s International Poverty Centre ( IPC ) issued a report on Mozambique in September 2007 which argues that these mega- projects have created few jobs and , because of tax exemptions , contribute little to public revenue . [ 55 ]
Furthermore , ‘ the concentration of private and public investment in large capital intensive projects with little impact on poverty has drained financing from other , potentially more poverty - reducing projects ’ .
The report concludes that the donor / IFI - promoted ‘ mega - project based development strategy relying on market opening has lost more jobs than it has created ’ and that ‘ its overall impact has arguably been to increase poverty ’ .
Only two areas of foreign investment are creating jobs — sugar investors were given tariff protection over the sharp objections of the IMF and have created tens of thousands of jobs , while international tobacco companies have done more than any others to raise peasant incomes in some areas .
But there has been very little domestic investment or job creation .
There is no credit for the rural economy , little agricultural extension , few business extension services and little agriculture and other research . [ 56 ]
Despite every study pointing to the importance of agriculture , donor and government spending on agriculture has been falling for over a decade .
The IPC study says that post - war agricultural growth ‘ represents a “ bounce - back ” from the catastrophic war years ’ and came entirely from the expansion of area under cultivation and higher labour input ; 90 per cent of farmers still prepare their land by hoe , and food crops yields have not changed over the past decade .
It stresses that ‘ investment in agriculture remains extremely low ’ .
Increasing class differentiation and deepening poverty
GDP has grown at six to seven per cent per year for a decade .
Government claims that the number of people living below the poverty line decreased dramatically from 69 per cent in 1997 to 54 per cent in 2003 . [ 57 ]
These headline figures of high growth combined with a dramatic fall in poverty are quoted by donors and government as a mark of Mozambique ’s post - war success .
But UNICEF points out that children have poor nutrition in the overwhelming majority of Mozambican households , and the rate of chronic child malnutrition is actually rising . [ 58 ]
For both UNICEF and the World Bank this is a ‘ paradox ’ . [ 59 ]
In fact , it is not paradoxical at all , for two reasons .
First , the decline in poverty has been exaggerated , and is based on an effective change in the poverty line .
If the line is not moved , the government admits , poverty still falls , but only to 63 per cent . [ 60 ]
Because of population increases , the number of people in poverty has increased from 11.2 million to 11.7 million .
The government contested my view that this second figure is more accurate , [ 61 ] but the African Peer Review Mechanism self - evaluation report confirms that ‘ the most credible indicators show an increase in absolute terms in the number of people below the minimum subsistence line ’ . [ 62 ]
No other study shows a big fall in poverty .
For example , the UNDP Mozambique Human Development Report 2005 [ 63 ] estimated that between 2000 and 2004 ‘ real GDP per capita ’ fell everywhere . [ 64 ]
Second , it is increasingly accepted that the gap between rich and poor is widening with the poor becoming steadily poorer and unable to properly feed their children .
A series of rural income surveys in 1995 – 96 , 2001 –02 and 2004 –05 provide a much more detailed picture . [ 65 ]
Officially , 70 per cent of the population is classified as rural , so this also includes people in smaller towns .
These show a huge increase in differentiation .
There was a general increase in income between the first two surveys , but of the total increase in rural income , 73 per cent went to the 20 per cent of households with the highest incomes and less than 3 per cent went to the poorest 20 per cent . [ 66 ]
For the next period , differentiation accelerated , with the non-poor becoming better off , but the poorer becoming poorer .
The poorest half of the rural population actually saw their incomes fall , while the top 20 per cent made another large gain .
The widening gap between better off and very poor is also shown by the fact that between 2002 and 2005 mean income rose 18 per cent but median income fell by 3 per cent . [ 67 ]
Finally , the surveys show that the position of people near the poverty line is very precarious .
Nationally , half of the rural families considered ‘ not poor ’ in 2001 – 02 had fallen back into poverty by 2004 – 05 .
In 2002 , 30 per cent of rural families nationally were not poor , but by 2005 half of them had fallen back into poverty , while 18 per cent of the population had been able to rise above poverty .
The total change is small , just 3 per cent , but that hides a very large movement up and down . [ 68 ]
For the 70 per cent of the population covered by the surveys , and thus for the country as a whole , the differences between better off and poor are widening noticeably , with the income of the poor majority actually falling between 2002 and 2005 .
And people near the poverty line are particularly insecure and struggling .
Meanwhile , the capital Maputo displays the symbols of growth — major new construction and traffic jams of expensive cars .
But even the government ’s own figures show that poverty worsened in Maputo city between 1997 and 2003 . [ 69 ]
The poorest 1/5 of households have only 3 % of rural income and received only 3 % of the gains between 1996 and 2002 ( Hanlon and Smart , Do Bicycles Equal Development , based on Broughton et al. , ‘ Changes in Rural Household Income ’ ) .
Visitors , the large aid industry contingent and writers of IMF and World Bank reports rarely see the poor urban neighbourhoods , small towns and rural areas where most Mozambicans live .
Various studies show that the fruits of Mozambique ’s ‘ blistering pace of economic growth ’ have gone almost entirely to the better off and , in the past few years , the poor have become poorer .
Interviews in rural areas frequently draw the response : ‘ The war ended 17 years ago , but we are still poor . ’
The main conflict in Mozambique is between classes , between the better off and worse off , competing for the same resources .
UNDP ’s International Poverty Centre issued a damning report on Mozambique in September 2007 . [ 70 ]
It said that ‘ recent economic growth in Mozambique cannot be considered pro-poor ’ , and that instead benefits of economic growth are going to ‘ a sharp rise in the consumption growth of the richest households in the midst of a large impoverished population ’ .
Therefore , it called for ‘ a significant shift in the country ’s development strategy ’ .
Violence and the rage of the poor
Mozambique is much less violent than neighbouring South Africa , but there have been outbreaks of violence .
In this section it is shown that these are usually linked to hunger and poor people under stress .
There was a period of violence around 2000 – 02 .
In the worst incident of its kind since the end of the war , an armed group linked to Renamo attacked official buildings inMontepuez on 9 November 2000 ; seven police and three attackers were killed .
There was a wave of arrests , and 100 arrested people suffocated to death in an overcrowded jail cell on 22 November .
Montepuez is socially and politically divided , but the main problem was the closure of a cotton company which created substantial local unemployment . [ 71 ]
The same period saw outbreaks of xenophobia and of rumours that children were being kidnapped or killed to steal their organs .
An ongoing issue has been around cholera , which is endemic in Mozambique .
In coastal areas of Cabo Delgado and Nampula provinces , in northern Mozambique , there have been repeated incidents in which people putting chlorine in wells were accused of poisoning the wells with cholera .
One period of violence has been particularly well studied by a team led by Carlos Serra of Universidade Eduardo Mondlane . [ 72 ]
In 2001 and 2002 in coastal Nampula , houses were burned and officials were attacked for allegedly putting cholera in wells .
In December 2001 angry mobs in Nacala - a - Velha and neighbouring Memba district attacked anticholera teams , non-government organisation workers with bicycles and motorcycles , and police .
Particularly notable was that they attacked traditional leaders ( re´gulos , mape´we´ ) and local government officials .
More than 100 houses were destroyed and at least one person killed .
The study found that local people felt the rapid post - war changes were making their lives worse , and they blamed outsiders and in particular the state for this .
Second , and most importantly , they strongly believed that the rich and powerful ( which included government officials , NGO workers and even traditional chiefs ) wanted to kill the poor ; fearing for their lives , their believed officials were poisoning their water .
The validity of these fears is not important , although if one accepts Johan Galtung ’s concept of ‘ structural violence ’ , the poor are suffering indirect violence at the hands of the rich . [ 73 ]
And it is necessary to understand that the rural poor see their living standards deteriorating , fear for their lives and will resort to violence to protect themselves .
And the rich and powerful have shown their willingness to resort to violence .
In 2000 and 2001 investigative journalist Carlos Cardoso and central bank head of banking supervision Siba - Siba Macuacua were both publicly assassinated as they tried to investigate high level involvement in bank fraud .
Although the extreme violence of Montepuez and the assassinations were not repeated , tensions and social violence continued as the decade progressed .
Other chlorine / cholera incidents were reported .
And as unemployed and minimally educated youth moved to towns and cities and struggled to survive , there were increasing complaints of crime .
Inequality ‘ may jeopardise stability ’
‘ Rising poverty and inequality in Maputo ... may jeopardise political stability ’ , warned the Chr Michaelsen Institute ( CMI ) in a study for the British Department for International Development ( DfID ) in January 2008 . [ 74 ]
‘ In the bairros of Maputo , unemployment , crime and high costs of food , housing and land inhibit the poor from converting progress in education and health into increased income and consumption ...
The large number of educated but unemployed and frustrated young men and women in the bairros , who cannot manage to live up to ideals of urban modern life , may jeopardise the current political stability ’ .
It was a prescient comment : demonstrations in Maputo on 5 February and then four other towns against the high cost of living shocked Mozambique .
At least five people were killed and more than 100 injured , many shot by the police .
Hundreds of young people , mainly unemployed or scraping a living from the informal sector , co-ordinated by mobile telephone text messages and blocked all the roads into Maputo and many streets inside the city , quickly closing the capital . [ 75 ]
Frelimo dismissed the rioters as marginals and vandals .
But it became clear that the young demonstrators had the tacit support of their elders , and the government - owned daily newspaper Noticias published a series of more thoughtful articles .
Editor - in - chief Rogerio Sitoe led the way with a column arguing that the root cause was ‘ the religious way we applaud and accept the prescriptions of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund ’ , when these are really ‘ poison prescriptions ’ .
They have destroyed jobs and failed to promote agricultural development , which has ‘ contributed greatly to the impoverishment of the countryside and forced a migration to the cities , particularly of the youth ’ .
The government needs its own development policy and needs to stop treating World Bank and IMF statements as if they were ‘ bible verses ’ .
A subsequent letter to the editor was published saying the demonstrations were not vandalism , but a strike by the people demanding their rights . [ 76 ]
Even donors have begun to express concern .
‘ Although the tendency for poverty reduction continues , there are also perceptions and clear indications of an ever growing gulf between the privileged and the poorest ’ , Norwegian Ambassador Thorbjorn Gaustadsaether , outgoing head of the G19 donor budget support group , said on 30 April 2008 .
He added that various factors , notably the lack of jobs , meant that ‘ the least favoured members of society have not benefited from the country ’s economic growth ’ .
The riots in Maputo on 5 February ‘ remind us of the need to create greater equity in society ’ .
The incoming G19 chair , Irish Ambassador Frank Sheridan , said ‘ many of the poorest are struggling just to maintain their present standard of living , or are even falling back , while the most prosperous are benefiting disproportionately ’ .
He warned that failure to deal with problems of inequality could lead to ‘ social tension and subsequent political failure ’ .
‘ Mozambique ’s present development model , based on free individual initiative and the principles of a economic liberalism ’ , is seen as creating unemployment and leaving many families with not even enough to survive , especially in urban areas , said the self - evaluation for the African Peer Review in February 2009 . [ 77 ]
The principal beneficiaries of growth have been a tiny group .
This is polarising society , and creating ‘ serious risks ’ of conflict .
Lynchings , cholera , and rain
In poor urban areas , people live in flimsy houses with no electricity or street lighting , and complain of increasing night - time crime , including housebreaking , mugging , rape and thefts of food from gardens , often by people armed with knives or machetes .
They claim that if they turn criminals in to the police , they are quickly released in exchange for a small bribe , so they have taken to dispensing justice with their own hands .
In 2008 at least 50 people were killed in lynching , but in early 2009 the rate had doubled to two a week . [ 78 ]
Rural violence also increased in early 2009 . [ 79 ]
In Nicoadala district in Zambezia province , local people accused the state of locking up the rain and only giving it to better off farmers .
In mid-February three people were killed and six injured , accused of diverting the rain .
And cholera violence returned , in ways that precisely matched Carlos Serra ’s earlier study .
On 6 January 2009 an angry mob burned down three cholera treatment tents that had been set up on the beach in Pemba , Cabo Delgado .
The mob also attacked the houses of the neighbourhood secretary and his deputy , who were forced to flee to the police station .
On 18 January in Mecufi , on the coast south of Pemba , an eight - person anti-cholera brigade was attacked and beaten — again accused of spreading the disease .
In Quinga , on the coast of Mogincual district in Nampula , on 25 February 2009 two Red Cross volunteers who were part of a brigade publicising anti-cholera messages , which include putting chlorine in wells , were beaten to death , accused of poisoning the wells with cholera .
The Mozambican Red Cross ( CVM ) said that in Quinga people attacked volunteers riding bicycles and wearing Red Cross T - shirts ‘ because they suspected they had money ’ .
Three days later , in Angoche district ( just south of Mogincual ) protestors attacked health workers accused of spreading cholera .
They were already being protected by the police so the mob attacked the police with knives and spears , disembowelling and killing a police sergeant and seriously injuring two other policemen .
Houses of 13 Red Cross volunteers were destroyed .
On the same day in Moma district ( south of Angoche ) a mob attacked a community leader accused of putting cholera in the wells ; two policemen protecting him were hospitalised .
In addition , bicycles used by the volunteers were stolen or destroyed .
Protests continued .
In Quinga , three people were arrested but the crowd blocked the road to prevent them being taken out of the village ; 37 Red Cross volunteers fled .
On 18 March police arrested a number of people in Quinga accused of killing a shopkeeper and trying to bury alive a Red Cross worker , and took them to Liupo , the Mogincual district capital .
Liupo has no court , so they had to be held until they could be taken to Angoche to be charged and tried .
The police were clearly frightened by what had been done to their colleagues in Moma and Angoche , so they pushed 48 people into the tiny three metre by four metre single cell in Liupo police station .
Thirteen people died of suffocation over night .
Fear and hunger are driving forces .
In March 2009 the government announced it had a surplus of 75,000 tonnes of maize , but admitted that marketing failures meant it did not reach areas of hunger .
The forced abolition of the grain marketing board means only private traders distribute food ; the poor do not have money to buy food , so private traders are not interested in going to remote areas . [ 80 ] Coastal Nampula province is one of the poorest areas of Mozambique .
Mogincual was the centre of an outbreak of konzo ( tropical ataxic neuropathy ) , an irreversible paralysis of the legs , in 1992 –93 , and cases have been reported regularly since then . [ 81 ]
Cassava roots contain cyanide which can cause paralysis if eaten in quantity when the roots are not adequately processed ; this occurs only in periods of severe hunger when there is little other food .
In early 2009 it was reported that hunger was again sweeping the district due to a poor harvest caused by draught and cyclone Jokwe in 2008 .
The Mogincual district director of health said the return of konzo was ‘ inevitable ’ . [ 82 ]
In a time of hunger when people see no hope of improvement in their lives , perhaps the violent resistance to putting chlorine in local water supplies and confrontations with police and state officials should be seen as local people making a desperate attempt to regain some power : as a disempowered group finally taking a stand to defend its very lives .
Conclusion
The excellent Conducting Conflict Assessments : Guidance Notes by Britain ’s Department for International Development ( DfID ) stresses the importance of economic and social factors as well as political ones as roots of violent conflict . [ 83 ]
It says that any analysis must look at the ways aid may have fuelled greed and grievance , such as ‘ privatisation programmes which serve elite interests and generate conflict ’ .
It specifically warns about aid going ‘ on economic adjustment and liberalisation ’ instead of targeting ‘ poverty reduction or peace - building ’ .
And it calls for the defining of new policies to create economic opportunities for marginalised groups and for development ‘ which connects remote areas to the market and increases access to state services ’ .
It also calls for policies ‘ supporting stronger focus on the needs of disaffected youth ’ .
Finally , it highlights the need ‘ to influence development actors such as the IMF , the EU and World Bank ’ who are failing to take into account these violent conflict related issues .
There are two reasons to quote this at length .
First , the Guidance Notes correctly point to the possible sources of violent conflict in Mozambique .
Second , the response to these notes is symptomatic of the wilful blindness of the donor herd .
When DfID actually commissioned a conflict assessment of Mozambique , it allowed only two weeks .
The brief tasked the consultants to look primarily at the traditional political issues and , because of pressures of time , did not have them look at the social and economic issues which the Guidance Notes themselves highlight .
The final report notes that ‘ Mozambique is becoming another example of the problem of chronic unemployment among educated youth — a phenomenon associated with rising crime and potential for conflict ’ . [ 84 ]
But the report does not go into detail on how one might respond , for lack of time and because it was outside the brief .
It is easy to take DfID to task because it ignored its own guidelines , but the problem is more general .
Donors need to believe in the Mozambique success story , so they do not look at anything which would challenge their comfortable picture and would force them to rethink their consensus development policy .
But inequalities are growing and are now the major area of conflict in Mozambique .
As some prosper , allegedly because of party or other connections , the lack of jobs and agricultural support for the majority are becoming sources of grievance .
The poor feel under threat and fear for their lives ; they implicitly understand that they are subject to structural violence .
Few people who suffered in the wars would voluntarily return to war .
But half of Mozambique ’s population is too young to remember them .
Their experiences and expectations are very different from those of their parents .
Increasingly people in their late teens and 20s at least have some primary education and speak the national language , Portuguese .
They see themselves as better educated and more ‘ modern ’ than their parents , and have more contact with a wider world through mobile telephones , videos and more travel ( even if only to the nearest market town , with electricity and discos ) .
Many young people do not see themselves as hoe farmers like their parents .
Meanwhile , both the traditional and the modern party system do not allow youth a voice .
Both Frelimo and Renamo are tightly hierarchical and ruled by party elders .
The ‘ free market ’ does not provide jobs and the economy is dominated by older people who seem to gain advantage through party links .
There is much discussion of youth , but no one actually listens to them .
Thus there is a pool of increasingly alienated young people who do not see a better future for themselves .
What would happen if , as in West Africa , there were charismatic leaders who called on the youth to rise up against their greedy elders ?
Preventing violent conflict requires giving the young and poor a future and a stake in society — not a trickle down free market that might , some day , perhaps , solve their problems , but active intervention to tackle grievances and create jobs and agricultural markets .
Is the donor herd so mesmerised by a few good statistics that they cannot see the growing poverty outside the capital ?
Preventing violent conflict requires Mozambique to become an activist , developmental state which intervenes in the economy , and gives all Mozambicans a stake in the future .
[ Dr Joseph Hanlon is senior lecturer in development and conflict resolution at the International Development Centre of the Open University .
Milton Keynes , is a visiting fellow at the Crisis States Research Centre , London School of Economics and the editor of the Mozambique Political Process Bulletin .
This article first appeared at Pambazuka News via AfricaFiles .
It posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal for educational purposes .
This paper is to be published in the March issue of the academic journal , Conflict , Security & Development 10:1 March 2010 . ]
Endnotes
1. Forum Nacional do MARP , Relato´rio de Auto - availac¸ao do Paý´s .
64 ;Noticias , 14 February and Q12 23 March 2009 .
This is an establishment body of 58 people , including three provincial governors , the governor of the Bank of Mozambique , university rectors and representatives eight parliamentary commissions , civil society and the private sector .
2. Instituto de Promoc¸ao de Paz ( ProPaz ) , see http://www.propaz.org.mz; Dia´rio Independente , 23 March 2009 .
3. World Bank , Beating the Odds , iii .
4. IMF , ‘ Republic of Mozambique ’ , 4 .
5. World Bank , Beating the Odds , Box 1.1 ; UNICEF , Childhood Poverty in Mozambique , 18 .
Chronic malnutrition , measured through ‘ stunting ’ , a low height to age ratio , for children under three years of age , increased from 36 per cent in 1997 to 37 per cent in 2003 ; the increase in rural areas was from 39 per cent to 41 per cent .
UNICEF , Childhood Poverty in Mozambique , 94 .
6. World Bank , Beating the Odds , Tables 1.12 and 1.13 .
7. Hanlon , ‘ Mozambique : “ The War Ended 15 years Ago ” ’ .
8. Hanlon , ‘ Is the International Community Helping ’ .
9. Malyn Newitt , professor of Portuguese history at the University of London , actually heads one of his sections : ‘ Mozambique under the yoke of the IMF ’ .
Newitt , ‘ Mozambique ’ , 227 .
10 . Definition used by Open University , see Yanacopulos and Hanlon , Civil War .
11 . Frente de Libertac¸ao de Moc¸ambique [ Mozambique Liberation Front ] .
12 . In 1965 the white prime minister of Rhodesia , Ian Smith , made his Unilateral Declaration of Independence ( UDI ) .
The United Nations imposed economic sanctions on Rhodesia in 1966 , which also withdrew from the Commonwealth .
South Africa withdrew from the Commonwealth in 1961 .
In 1962 the UN General Assembly condemned South Africa 's apartheid policies and in 1963 established a voluntary arms embargo against South Africa .
In 1973 the General Assembly declared apartheid ‘ to be a crime against humanity ’ .
Following the Soweto uprising in 1976 and its brutal suppression by the apartheid regime , the arms embargo was made mandatory by the UN Security Council in 1977 .
Thus , at the time of the Mozambican independence in 1975 , there were mandatory UN sanctions against Rhodesia but not against South Africa .
Neighbouring states were not required to impose economic sanctions .
13 . Resisteˆncia Nacional Moc¸ambicana [ Mozambique National Resistance ] .
For the history , see Flowers , Serving Secretly ; Hall and Young , Confronting Leviathan ; and Johnson and Martin , Destructive Engagement .
14 . Johnson and Martin , Destructive Engagement .
15 . Hanlon , Beggar Your Neighbours .
The word ‘ destabilisation ’ to describe these tactics was used inside South Africa , for example by Rand Afrikaans University Professor Deon Geldenhuys in his paper ‘ Destabilisation Controversy ’ .
Destabilising the neighbouring states was intended to ‘ force profound political changes in the target state ’ , including an end to calls for sanctions against South Africa and an end to support of the liberation movements .
Destabilisation , he wrote , is necessarily ‘ covert ’ and should ‘ cause serious hardship to the population , who would in turn direct their frustration and fury at the target ’s regime ’ .
16 . Renamo used terrorist tactics — in the literal sense of terrorising people and making them frightened .
The war has been detailed in other books , notably Hanlon , Mozambique : Who Calls the Shots ; and Hanlon , Peace without Profit .
17 . Hanlon , Peace without Profit , 15 and 150 , based in part on UNICEF , Children on the Front Line , which estimated losses at more than US $ 15 billion and deaths atmore than 500,000 at the end of 1988 .
The damage estimate is also based in part on calculations at the time by Joseph Hanlon for SADCC and Reginald Green for UNICEF .
Deaths include not only those directly killed in the war but also children who died from lack of medical care , people who died of hunger , etc. Data from the National Statistics Institute and censuses before and after the war found 2 million people ‘ missing ’ who could not be accounted for in neighbouring countries , suggesting that 1 million dead may be an underestimate .
Appendix 1 of Hanlon , Peace without Profit , has a detailed calculation , including data on returned refugees , etc .
We will never know for sure how many extra people died .
18 . UNICEF , Children on the Front Line .
19 . Hanlon , Peace without Profit .
20 . Mozambique Political Process Bulletin , 14 February 1995 .
21 . A surprisingly little discussed aspect of the Mozambican war , see van den Bergh , Why Peace Worked .
It is also touched on by Hanlon , Peace without Profit , 18 ; Manning , Politics of Peace ; and Newitt , ‘ Mozambique ’ , 222 .
22 . Synge , Mozambique : UN Peacekeeping in Action , 112 .
23 . Mozambique Political Process Bulletin , 14 February 1995 .
24 . Since then , Mozambique has only maintained a small and largely ineffective army and tiny military budget .
Senior military figures , especially now ageing veterans of the liberation war , remain important within Frelimo , but the military , as such , is not a political force in Mozambique and probably does not have the capacity to stage an effective coup .
25 . Branches then existed in 68 of 128 district capitals .
With privatisation , most rural bank branches were closed .
26 . Lundin et al. , ‘ Reducing Costs ’ .
27 . Personal observation , based on covering Mozambique as a journalist during that period .
van den Bergh , Why Peace Worked , notes that , in retrospect , Mozambicans say it was a correct choice not to have a truth commission or tribunal .
28 . Provincial data from Table 11 of Direcc¸ao Nacional de Estatý´stica , Moc¸ambique , based on a 1991 survey .
National data from Quadro 9.1 of the website : http://www.ine.gov.mz/censosdir/recenseamento geral/estudosanalise/lingua/view?searchterm=lı´nguas based on the 1997 census .
The two disagree on the spelling of language names and percentage of national speakers .
Note that there is a wide variation , even in official documents , in setting the boundaries between languages and in defining how many there are .
29 . Renamo has no seats in Gaza province .
30 . See Yanacopulos and Hanlon , Civil War , chapters 3 , 6 and 7 .
31 . Collier , Economic Causes of Civil Conflict .
32 . Natziger and Auvien , ‘ Economic Development ’ .
33 . Addison and Murshed , ‘ Social Contract ’ .
34 . Best estimates are that Frelimo won a clear parliamentary majority in all three national elections and clear majorities in the presidential elections of 1994 and 2004 .
The 1999 presidential election was very close and there was some fraud on both sides , so the ‘ real ’ result can not be known .
35 . Mozambique Political Process Bulletin , issues 14 , 24 and 31 .
36 .
As then President Samora Machel argued it was important to deal with the organ grinder and not the monkey .
37 . Hanlon , Peace without Profit , 90 –92 .
38 . This was admitted in the World Bank ’s own evaluation : Landau , Rebuilding the Mozambican Economy , 62–63 .
39 . James D. Wolfensohn , World Bank Annual Meetings Address , 1 October 1996 .
Available at : http://web. worldbank.org/WBSITE/EXTERNAL/
EXTABOUTUS /ORGANIZATION/EXTPRESIDENT2007/EXTPASTPRESIDENTS/
PRESIDENTEXTERNAL/ 0 ,contentMDK:20025269 , menuPK:232083 , pagePK:159837 , piPK:15 Q9 9808 , theSitePK:227585,00.html .
40 . Julius Schlotthuer , USAID manager in Maputo , speaking in 1992 and quoted by Abrahamsson and Nilsson , Mozambique : The Troubled Transition , 142 and fn. 239 .
41 . Hanlon , ‘ Do Donors Promote Corruption ’ .
42 . See De Renzio and Hanlon , ‘ Mozambique : Contested Sovereignty ?’.
43 . Harrison , ‘ Post - Conditionality Politics ’ .
44 . KPMG , ‘ Donor Co-operation Strategy ’ , 46 .
45 . Ibid. , 32 .
46 . Hodges and Tibana , Political Economy of the Budget , 8 .
47 . Killick et al. , Perfect Partners ? , 50 .
48 . Castel - Branco , ‘ Aid and Development ’ .
49 .
A phrase widely used during Bill Clinton ’s successful 1992 US presidential campaign against George H.W. Bush .
50 .
Donors often promote microcredit , which has helped petty traders , but with interest rates of 10 per cent per month , it is too expensive to use to buy inputs like fertiliser and improved seeds , or to invest in irrigation .
51 . Excluding debt relief , emergency aid and technical assistance .
Hanlon and Smart , Do Bicycles Equal Development , updated .
52 . Interview , Maputo , 26 October 2006 .
53 . Speaking at a public meeting at Hotel VIP , Maputo , Mozambique , 23 May 2006 .
54 .
A package of measures forced on aid recipients by the IMF and World Bank in the 1990s , including small government and reduced spending , ending subsidies , privatisation , trade liberalisation , deregulation , free market exchange rates and higher interest rates .
The small government component was abandoned by the mid-1990s , as the World Bank , in particular , came to realise that governments did not have enough skilled staff to implement World Bank programmes .
Later , the MDGs led to larger government and more spending in the social sectors .
55 . Virtanen and Ehrenpreis , ‘ Growth , Poverty and Inequality ’ .
56 . Hanlon and Smart , Do Bicycles Equal Development , has a much more detailed discussion of economic development issues .
57 . Massingarela et al. , Poverty and Well - Being .
58 . UNICEF , Childhood Poverty in Mozambique .
59 . World Bank , Beating the Odds , Box 1.1 .
60 . Massingarela et al. , Poverty and Well - Being .
61 . There is a much more detailed discussion of the poverty data in Hanlon and Smart , Do Bicycles Equal Development , chapter 7 .
The full debate , including the government response , is posted on www.tinyurl.com/mozamb under the heading ‘ Is Poverty Decreasing in Mozambique ?’.
62 . Forum Nacional do MARP , Relato´rio de Auto - availac¸ao do Paý´s .
63 . UNDP , Mozambique Human Development .
The 2009 Human Development Report displays a share of 74.7 per cent of the Mozambique population falling below the US$ 1.25 a day poverty line — the highest share in the world after Rwanda , Burundi and Liberia .
64 . Except Maputo province , where real GDP per capita was artificially inflated by the opening of the Mozal aluminium smelter .
65 . TIA , Trabalho de Inque´rito Agr´ýcola .
66 . Hanlon and Smart , Do Bicycles Equal Development , based on Boughton et al. , ‘ Changes in Rural Household Income ’ .
67 . Mean is arithmetic average ( sum of all incomes divided by number of people ) while median is the income of the person half way between highest and lowest .
When themean rises it means total income rises , but if in addition themedian falls , it means money has been transferred from poor to rich .
68 . Pitoro and Mlay , ‘ Ana´ lise de Rendimento e Dinaˆmica ’ .
69 . Massingarela et al. , Poverty and Well - Being .
70 . Virtanen and Ehrenpreis , ‘ Growth , Poverty and Inequality ’ .
71 . Mozambique Political Process Bulletin 28 , 1 November 2002 .
72 . Serra , Co´lera de Catarse .
73 . Galtung , ‘ Violence ’ .
In the paper , he argues that ‘ if people are starving when this is objectively avoidable , then violence is committed , regardless of whether there is a clear subject - action - object relationship ’ .
If people are being starved to death or shot and killed , there is equal violence being committed .
74 . Paulo et al. , ‘ Monitoring and Evaluating ’ .
75 . Covered extensively in Noticias .
See www.jornalnoticias.co.mz.
76 . Noticias , 15 and 18 February 2008 .
77 . Forum Nacional do MARP , Relato´rio de Auto - availac¸ao do Paý´s .
78 . Noticias , 13 March 2009 .
The word ‘ linchar ’ has entered into Portuguese for executions by mobs , based on ‘ lynch ’ in US English , used for mob killings , particularly of Black people in the US South in the 19th and 20th centuries .
In Maputo , alleged criminals are killed by necklacing — putting a tyre around their neck , filling it with petrol and setting it alight — a method used in South African townships in the 1980s against alleged apartheid spies .
79 . Hanlon , ‘ Mozambique : The Panic and Rage ’ .
80 . The Chr Michelson Institute study for DfID explicitly recommended the return to a rural marketing board ‘ to reduce the exploitative nature of current relations with traders ’ .
But this is vociferously opposed by the international financial agencies , so is unlikely to occur .
See Tvedten et al. , ‘ Monitoring and Evaluating ’ .
81 . Ernesto et al. , ‘ Persistent Konzo ad Cyanogen Toxicity ’ .
82 . Noticias , 27 February 2009 .
83 . Goodhand et al. , Conducting Conflict Assessments .
84 . Vaux , ‘ Strategic Conflict Assessment ’ .
Ironically , Tony Vaux is one of the authors of Conducting Conflict Assessments .
References
Abrahamsson , Hans and Anders Nilsson , 1995 .
Mozambique : The Troubled Transition .
Zed , London .
Addison , Tony and Mansoob Murshed , 2006 .
‘ The Social Contract and Violent Conflict ’ , In Civil War , Civil Peace eds .
Helen Yanacopulos and Joseph Hanlon .
James Currey , Oxford .
Boughton , Duncan et al. , 2006 .
‘ Changes in Rural Household Income Patterns in Mozambique , 1996 –2002 , and Implications for Agriculture ’s Contribution to Rural Poverty ’ , Research Report 61 .
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development and University of Michigan .
Castel - Branco , Carlos Nuno , 2007 .
‘ Aid and Development , A Question of Ownership ?’.
Chabal , Patrick , 2002 .
A History of Postcolonial Lusophone Africa .
Hurst , London .
Collier , Paul , 2000 .
Economic Causes of Civil Conflict and the Implications for Policy .
World Bank , Washington DC .
De Renzio , Paolo and Joseph Hanlon , 2009 .
‘ Mozambique : Contested Sovereignty ?
The Dilemmas of Aid Dependence ’.
In The Politics of Aid : African Strategies for Dealing with Donors , ed. Lindsay Whitfield .
Oxford University Press , Oxford .
Direcc¸ao Nacional de Estatý´stica , 1995 .
Moc¸ambique : Panorama Demogra´fico e So´cio-econo´mico .
Ernesto , Mario et al. , 2002 .
‘ Persistent Konzo and Cyanogen Toxicity from Cassava in Northern Mozambique ’.
Acta Tropica 82(3 ) , 357–363 .
Flowers , Ken , 1987 .
Serving Secretly .
John Murray , London .
Forum Nacional do Mecanismo African de Revisao de Pares ( MARP ) , 2009 .
Relato´rio de Auto- availac¸ao do Paý´s , Tomo 1 . MARP , Maputo .
Available at : http://www.marp.org.mz/downloads/marptomo1.pdf.
Galtung , Johan , 1969 .
‘ Violence , Peace and Peace Research ’.
Journal of Peace Research 6 ( 3 ) , 167–191 .
Geldenhuys , Deon , 1982 .
‘ Destabilisation Controversy in South Africa ’ , SA Forum , Johannesburg .
Goodhand , Jonathan , Tony Vaux , and Walker Robert , 2002 .
Conducting Conflict Assessments : Guidance Notes , DfID , London .
http://www.dfid.gov.uk/pubs/files/conflictQ9 assess-guidance.pdf .
Hall , Margaret and Tom Young , 1997 .
Confronting Leviathan : Mozambique since Independence .
Hurst , London .
Hanlon , Joseph , 1986 .
Beggar Your Neighbours : Apartheid Power in Southern Africa .
James Currey , London .
Hanlon , Joseph , 1991 .
Mozambique : Who Calls the Shots .
James Currey , London .
Hanlon , Joseph , 1996 .
Peace Without Profit : How the IMF Blocks Rebuilding in Mozambique .
James Currey , Oxford .
Hanlon , Joseph , 2004 .
‘ Do Donors Promote Corruption ? : the Case of Mozambique ’ .
Third World Quarterly 25 ( 4 ) , 747–763 .
Hanlon , Joseph , 2005 .
‘ Is the International Community Helping to Recreate the Preconditions for War in Sierra Leone ? ’.
The Round Table 94( 381 ) , 459 –472 .
Hanlon , Joseph , 2007 .
‘ Mozambique : “ The War Ended 15 Years Ago , but We are Still Poor ” .
Paper presented at Wilton Park Conference 889 on Conflict Prevention and Development Co-operation in Africa , 10 November .
Available at : http://www.wiltonpark.org.uk/documents/Q9wp889/Hanlon%20-%20Mozambique.pdf.
Hanlon , Joseph , 2009 .
‘ Mozambique : the Panic and Rage of the Poor ’ .
Review of African Political Economy 119 .
Hanlon , Joseph and Teresa Smart , 2008 .
Do Bicycles Equal Development in Mozambique ?
James Currey , Woodbridge , Suffolk .
Harrison , Graham , 2001 .
‘ Post - Conditionality Politics and Administrative Reform : Reflections on the Cases of Uganda and Tanzania ’ .
Hodges , Tony and Tibana , Roberta , 2004 .
Political Economy of the Budget in Mozambique .
Principios , Maputo .
IMF , 2007 .
‘ Republic ofMozambique : Fifth Review Under the Three - Year Arrangement Under the Poverty Reduction and Growth Facility ’ , IMF .
Johnson , Phyllis and Martin , David , 1986 .
Destructive Engagement .
Zimbabwe Publishing House , Harare .
Killick , Tony , Carlos Nuno Castel - Branco and Richard Gerster , 2005 .
Perfect Partners ?
The Performance of Programme Aid Partners in Mozambique , 2004 .
KPMG , 2007 .
‘ Donor Co-operation Strategy withMozambique ’ , KPMG , Maputo .
Landau , Luis , 1998 .
Rebuilding the Mozambican Economy , Country Assistance Review .
World Bank , Washington DC .
Lundin , Irae et al. , 2000 .
‘ Reducing Costs Through an Expensive Exercise : the Impact of Demobilisation in Mozambique ’ , In Demobilisation in Sub-Saharan Africa , ed. K. Kingsma .
Macmillan , Basingstoke , 173 –212 .
Manning , Carrie , 2002 .
The Politics of Peace in Mozambique : Post - Conflict Democratization , 1992 –2000 .
Praeger , Westport , CT .
Massingarela , Cla´udio et al. , 2004 .
Poverty and Well - Being in Mozambique : The Second National Assessment ( 2002–2003 ) .
Ministry of Planning and Finance , Maputo .
Nafziger , E.W. and J. Auvinen , 2002 .
‘ Economic Development , Inequality , War and State Violence ’ .
World Development 45 ( 3 ) , 259 –282 .
Newitt , Malyn , 2002 .
‘ Mozambique ’ , In A History of Postcolonial Lusophone Africa , ed. Patrick Chabal .
Hurst , London .
Paulo , Margarida , Carmeliza Rosa´rio and Inge Tvedten , 2008 .
‘ Monitoring and Evaluating Poverty Reduction Policies in Mozambique — Study 2 : Social Relations of Urban Poverty ’.
CMI Brief 7( 3 ) .
Pitoro , Rau´ l and Mlay , Gilead , 2007 .
‘ Ana´lise de Rendimento e Dinaˆmica da Pobreza nas Zonas Rurais de Moc¸ambique 2002 –2005 , Resultados Preliminares com base no TIA 02 e TIA 05 ’ .
Serra , Carlos , 2003 .
Co´lera de Catarse , Imprensa Universita´ria , Maputo .
Available at : http:www.tinyurl.com/mozamb.
Synge , Richard , 1997 .
Mozambique : UN Peacekeeping in Action 1992 – 94 .
United States Institute of Peace , Washington DC .
Tvedten , Inge , Margarida Paulo and Carmeliza Rosa´rio , 2008 .
‘ Monitoring and Evaluating Poverty Reduction Policies in Mozambique – Study 1 : Social Relations of Rural Poverty ’.
CMI Brief 7 ( 2 ) .
UNDP , 2006 .
UNDP , Mozambique Human Development Report 2005 .
UNDP , Maputo .
UNICEF , 1989 .
Children on the Front Line. 3rd ed. UNICEF , New York .
UNICEF , 2006 .
Childhood Poverty in Mozambique : A Situation and Trends Analysis .
UNICEF , Maputo .
van den Bergh , Lucia , 2009 .
Why Peace Worked ; Mozambicans Look Back .
AWEPA , Amsterdam .
Vaux , Tony , 2006 .
‘ StrategicConflict Assessment : Mozambique ’ , DfID , Maputo .
Available at : http://www.dfid.gov.uk/pubs/files/strategic-conflict-assessment.pdf.
Virtanen , Pekka and Dag Ehrenpreis , 2007 .
‘ Growth , Poverty and Inequality in Mozambique ’ , Country Study no. 10 . International Poverty Centre , Brazil .
World Bank , 2007 .
Beating the Odds : Sustaining Inclusion in a Growing Economy — A Mozambique Poverty , Gender and Social Assessment .
World Bank , Washington DC , Report No. 40048 - MZ , 29 June 2007 .
Team led by Louise Fox .
Yanacopulos , Helen and Hanlon , Joseph ( eds. ) , 2006 .
Civil War , Civil Peace .
James Currey , Oxford .
GPS enabled smartphones make it easy to get directions , weather , and many more location based services since they automatically know where you are .
With Geosense , you can bring this functionality to any Windows 7 computer even if it does n’t have a GPS chip .
Windows 7 introduced the new Sensors and Location platform that would let Windows automatically respond to environmental changes sensed by light , orientation sensors , or GPS chips .
This makes your computer more aware of its surroundings and change itself accordingly .
The location platform is especially interesting , as it brings the potential of automatic location based search and maps to your PC .
Unfortunately , most laptops today are not equipped with GPS chips .
Thanks to Geosense , however , you can still use the location platform .
Geosense uses IP lookup , WiFi and Cell tower triangulation , and more to find your location as accurately as possible .
Geosense lists itself as a sensor in the Windows Sensors and Locations , so once you ’ve installed it , all location - aware applications and services will be able to pickup your location from it .
Please note that Geosense only works on Windows 7 Home Premium and higher , as Windows 7 Starter does n’t include the Sensors and Locations platform .
Getting Started :
Geosense is a free download for Windows 7 , with both 32 and 64 bit editions .
Choose the correct one for your computer , and install .
While installing , it will ask to install a device driver .
Simply press Install .
You may also see a UAC prompt , which you should accept as well .
When it is finished installing , you are ready to use Geosense .
First , lets make sure Geosense is enabled .
Enter “ Location ” in your Start Menu search , and select “ Location and Other Sensors ” .
Here you should see Geosense listed as a sensor .
If it is not enabled , click the check box beside it and click Apply .
You can see more information about Geosense if you click its name .
This page lets you change the description , choose which users can use this sensor , and uninstall it if you choose .
Using Geosense
There are few applications today that make use of the Location platform in Windows 7 , but hopefully we will see more in the near future .
The weather desktop gadget , however , is location aware , so you can easily test out your Geosense location with it .
Once Geosense is installed , you will notice a grey logo beside your city ’s name on the gadget that shows that a sensor is available .
Click on the gear to open the options pane .
Here you can now select “ Find location automatically ” and it will display the weather for the location detected by Geosense .
Now your gadget should show a blue icon beside the city name , showing that the location is coming from your location sensor .
Unfortunately , sometimes Geosense cannot detect your location .
If so , you will either see an entirely incorrect city ( Seattle , WA is the default city , and usually is “ detected ” if Geosense fails to detect your location ) , or will show a red icon showing that it cannot detect your correct location .
Location - aware Google Maps
Another location aware application is a Google Maps app available from the Geosense site ( link below ) .
This will automatically open a Google map at your current location , so you can easily search for directions and nearby businesses .
This could be very useful at a hotspot in a new city , for instance .
Once again , though , if it cannot detect your location , it may simply show a default location or a generic Google maps .
Conclusion :
Geosense and the Windows 7 Location Platform gives you a great way to make your mobile computing experience even more interesting .
Geosense brings location awareness to a much broader audience than previously possible , so hopefully we ’ll see some unique and innovative uses in the near future .
Until then , even the current location aware apps are fun to try !
Note :
If you ’re concerned about privacy while using the Location - Enabled Google Maps Client , check out Google ’s privacy policy regarding the service .
Link :
Download Geosense for Windows 7 and the Location - Enabled Google Maps Client
In the future , getting a broadband connection might be as simple as flipping on a light switch .
In fact , according to a group of researchers from Germany , the light coming from the lamps in your home could one day encode a wireless broadband signal .
" The advantage is that you'd be using light that is already there , " says Jelena Vučić of the Fraunhofer Institute for Telecommunications , Heinrich - Hertz - Institute in Germany .
Vučić and her colleagues have found a way to get the most from this synergy of illumination and information and will be presenting their findings during the Optical Fiber Communication Conference and Exposition / National Fiber Optic Engineers Conference ( OFC / NFOEC ) , which will take place March 21 - 25 in San Diego .
As of now , the majority of wireless in homes and businesses is achieved through a radio - frequency WiFi connection .
But WiFi has limited bandwidth , and it 's unclear where to find more in the already - crowded radio spectrum .
By contrast , visible - frequency wireless has all the bandwidth one could want .
The signal would be generated in a room by slightly flickering all the lights in unison .
No one would be bothered by this because the rate of modulation would be millions of times faster than a human eye can see .
Since visible light can't go through walls like radio , there would be no unwanted interference from stray signals and less worry of outside hackers .
Incandescent and fluorescent bulbs can't flicker fast enough , so all the lights would have to be LEDs .
Although commercial LEDs have a limited bandwidth of only a few MHz , Vučić and her colleagues were able to increase this bandwidth ten - fold by filtering out all but the blue part of the LED spectrum .
With the visible wireless system built in their lab , they downloaded data at a rate of 100 Mbit/s .
They have now upgraded the system 's receivers and are getting 230 Mbit/s , which is a record for visible wireless using commercial LEDs .
Although state - of - the - art radio wireless can achieve comparable speeds , Vučić says they should be able to double their data rate again by employing a more sophisticated modulation signal .
WHEN the trials of four Rio Tinto employees opened in Shanghai last week , their guilty pleas to the first of the charges , of bribe - taking , dampened hopes that the matter might be settled without any severe penalties .
Even so , the harshness of sentences handed down on Monday March 29th was unexpected .
The mining giant 's four executives — three Chinese , one an Australian of Chinese descent — were jailed for between seven and 14 years for bribery and theft of commercial secrets ( only one of them admitted the second charge ) .
Australia called the sentences tough “ by any measure ” .
But it appears there is little it is able or willing to do about them .
That the trial began with confessions came as a surprise .
Rio had previously said an internal examination had turned up no wrongdoing .
However , denials of guilt can lead to far harsher treatment by the Chinese courts .
As a result of his confession the Australian defendant , Stern Hu , had his sentence reduced from 12 years ( seven years for accepting bribes , five years for receiving commercial secrets ) to ten .
Admissions of guilt are also said to enhance the prospects of being shown clemency in the future .
An acrimonious period
The court accepted the prosecution 's argument that the four men's actions had damaged China by forcing it to accept higher prices for imported iron ore during last year 's annual negotiations .
It is more likely that the cause of the price increases was rising demand , especially from China .
But the Chinese went into negotiations last year intent on capping the rises and were enraged by their inability to do so .
The defendants were detained in July , during an acrimonious period when prices had bounced sharply off the lows hit earlier in the year , and after Rio had just backed out of an agreement in which Chinalco , a Chinese state - controlled company , would have increased its stake in the mining firm .
The bribery case concerned money the Rio employees received from smaller Chinese steel firms in exchange for giving them direct access to iron ore .
Under ordinary circumstances this is routed through the large state - controlled firms and — as evidence at the trial suggested — trickles down to private companies through a system of payments that is , at the least , inefficient and ripe for corruption .
Mr Hu , who was head of Rio 's operations in China , acknowledged receiving $ 900,000 from small firms in return for access to ore .
One of China 's richest citizens , Du Shuanghua , a politically - connected private steel operator , testified that he had provided $ 9 m ( either as a payment or a loan — the facts were disputed ) to another Rio executive , Wang Yong .
It is unclear how the bribery allegations were linked to those of commercial espionage , since the latter charges were heard behind closed doors — even Australian diplomats were barred from the hearing .
According to some reports the court was told that that the four had got their hands on a confidential memo from a meeting of the Chinese steelmakers ' association , containing details of their negotiating position in the talks with Rio and other big ore producers .
Depending on how they had done so , that might have strengthened the case against them .
But before the trials , Western mining executives had assumed that the four were being treated as criminals for simply gathering basic information about their negotiating partners ' likely demand for ore — the sort of thing that is rarely considered secret elsewhere in the world .
Growing worries
China 's authorities , and many of its citizens , will insist simply that crimes were committed and appropriate penalties handed down .
Rio swiftly announced that it was dismissing the four .
But their case has left unresolved questions about what constitutes a crime in China , and whether its law is being applied consistently .
The Rio four were convicted of taking bribes and receiving sensitive information but , so far , no one from a Chinese company has been charged with paying the bribes or providing the information .
Local employees of multinationals are likely to draw the chilling conclusion that unpleasant consequences will follow if ever they fall afoul of China 's interests .
The verdict comes as foreign businesses operating in China have become increasingly pessimistic about the local business climate .
Google 's decision , in effect , to exit the Chinese internet - search business because of censorship is unique only in that it is a particularly prominent company willing to make a loud statement .
Other firms suffer in silence , afraid of retribution — a fear that will only increase with the Rio sentences .
A survey published on March 22nd by the American Chamber of Commerce in China found that many American firms feel shut out of Chinese markets because of discriminatory government policies and inconsistent treatment by the legal system .
Even so , Rio is already making efforts to move beyond the case .
Earlier this month it agreed to enter a big joint venture in Africa with Chinalco .
Rio's boss , Tom Albanese , has acknowledged that he does not want to put the firm 's ties with China at risk .
The state - owned metals company — which is already Rio's biggest shareholder despite the abandoned plan to increase its stake — has said it is actively seeking seats on the miner 's board .
This would , in effect , place representatives of China 's government inside the firm .
Meanwhile negotiations are under way for this year 's round of iron - ore price - setting , and once again — unhelpfully for China — prices on world markets are rising .
This time , though , the talks are being held outside the country .
Data , called a spectrum , showing water and organics in the Orion nebula .
The data were taken by the heterodyne instrument for the far infrared , or HIFI , onboard the Herschel Space Observatory , a European Space Agency - led mission with important participation from NASA .
Image credit : ESA / NASA / JPL - Caltech
( PhysOrg.com ) --
The Herschel Space Observatory has revealed the chemical fingerprints of potentially life - enabling organic molecules in the Orion nebula , a nearby stellar nursery in our Milky Way galaxy .
The new data , obtained with the telescope 's heterodyne instrument for the far infrared -- one of Herschel 's three innovative instruments -- demonstrates the gold mine of information that Herschel will provide on how organic molecules form in space .
The Orion nebula is known to be one of the most prolific chemical factories in space , although the full extent of its chemistry and the pathways for molecule formation are not well understood .
By sifting through the pattern of spikes in the new data , called a spectrum , astronomers have identified a few common molecules that are precursors to life - enabling molecules , including water , carbon monoxide , formaldehyde , methanol , dimethyl ether , hydrogen cyanide , sulfur oxide and sulfur dioxide .
Herschel is a European Space Agency cornerstone mission , with science instruments provided by a consortia of European institutes and with important participation by NASA .
Explore further Michigan Astronomer to Search in Space for Precursors of Life
Usual Russian or Ukrainian multi apartment middle class , not new , buildings look like this .
You probably can notice those windows are different for everyone .
Some have totally new PVC windows , other have self made wooden frames .
That ’s because there are no laws forbidding to change the window frames and paint them for an individual apartment in order to maintain the overall look of the house , so people do this according to their available budget and will .
And not only poor people live in such buildings , no .
It ’s really normal place for middle class people to live .
So they can spend tens thousands dollars for renovation works , but … inside the apartment so it might look glossy inside but be in such a place from outside .
It ’s totally normal that someone having a Range Rover car can live in such a place .
Just because the average price of such an apartment in Moscow would be around $ 300,000 .
And it would be considered good buy if it is in good location – not far from the central part of the city etc .
They were left as a heritage from the Soviet times when authorities did n’t care much on the ethical side of the housing but wanted to give space for as much families as possible , and they gave them away for free , though in order to get one sometime people were staying in waiting lists for years .
From inside this buildings look usually like this .
There were no special organizations tracking the condition of the halls , stairways or lobbies so only if the residents of the building were enough organized to plan a renovation then it might look bit different .
The lobbies are often occupied by local teens from the neighbourhood as the weather is cold and they can’t wander thru the streets and to get inside some cafe you need to order stuff or to be at least some age old etc .
Lately people were paying more attention to the condition of such places , equipping the entrances with special steel doors with hardened access and video cams to track unwanted visitors but still there are a lot of places like this , especially in smaller cities .
And , again , it is often a place where higher class people live , driving good cars and earning some a few thousands dollars a month .
Of course , eventually some of those move to some new construction but it ’s not that easy too even for them with current property prices in Russia .
But what we can see today , is something a very different from which was discussed and showen above .
This is just another lobby on the thirteenth floor of such a building , in Ukraine , but there was living a person , a lady , that was bit too much devoted to letting the things leave as they were .
What to she has turned their hall you can see inside …
As she told in phone interview : “ My neighbors tried to protest , even to ruin this artwork but they could n’t really do much – that ’s a painted concrete actually ” .
So she was really devoted to see things changed !
And she lights the candles all the time too !
People say they try do n’t to spread the rumors on this location much just because they afraid it would attract thousands of visitors to the place daily and would break their privacy totally with those watchers , so the location stays undisclosed .
The only known thing is that it is in one of the most bad reputable districts of Kiev city , in a thirteen stored building .
And they say there are not much of those there .
photo credits : 1,2,3
CSApprox :
Make gvim - only colorschemes work transparently in terminal vim
script karma Rating 1215/373 , Downloaded by 22659 Comments , bugs , improvements
Vim wiki created by Matt Wozniski script type utility description CSApprox.vim
============
DESCRIPTION
============
It 's hard to find colorschemes for terminal Vim .
Most colorschemes are
written to only support GVim , and do n't work at all in terminal Vim .
This plugin makes GVim - only colorschemes Just Work in terminal Vim , as long
as the terminal supports 88 or 256 colors - and most do these days .
This
usually requires no user interaction ( but see the help for what to do if
things do n't Just Work ) .
After getting this plugin happily installed , any
time you use : colorscheme it will do its magic and make the colorscheme Just
Work .
Whenever you change colorschemes using the : colorscheme command this script
will be executed .
It will take the colors that the scheme specified for use
in the GUI and use an approximation algorithm to try to gracefully degrade
them to the closest color available in your terminal .
If you are running in
a GUI or if your terminal does n't support 88 or 256 colors , no changes are
made .
Also , no changes will be made if the colorscheme seems to have been
high color already .
If for some reason this transparent method is n't suitable to you ( for instance
if your environment can't be configured to meet the |csapprox - requirements| ,
or you need to work in Vim 6 ) , another option is also available : using the
|:CSApproxSnapshot| command to create a new GUI /88-/256 - color terminal
colorscheme .
To use this command , a user would generally start GVim , choose a
colorscheme that sets up the desired colors , and then use |:CSApproxSnapshot|
to create a new colorscheme based on those colors that works in high color
terminals .
This method is more flexible than the transparent mode and works
in more places , but also requires more user intervention , and makes it harder
to deal with colorschemes being updated and such .
======
NOTES
======
Ideally , this plugin should require absolutely no configuration , but you may
need some tweaking to make sure vim realizes that your terminal supports more
than 16 colors .
Also , konsole and Eterm users will want to make sure that
this plugin realizes that the terminal does not use colors that are exactly
xterm - compatible ; they will want to skim through the help articles
|csapprox - palettes| and | csapprox - configuration| for a better end result .
==============
SCREENSHOTS
==============
Some quick side - by - side screenshots can be found at
http://www.cs.drexel.edu/~mjw452/CSApprox/ install details
Install like most other vim scripts :
mkdir ~/.vim
cd ~/.vim
unzip / path/to/CSApprox.zip
vim -c ' helptags ~/.vim / doc ' rate this script Life Changing Helpful Unfulfilling script versions ( upload new version ) Click on the package to download .
package script version date Vim version user release notes CSApprox.zip 4.00 2012-09-14 7.0 Matt Wozniski Fix CSApprox to not fail in vim 7.3 if not + gui , now that vim behaves properly even without + gui
Provide the :CSApprox command to re-run CSApprox 's approximation algorithm even if the colorscheme has n't changed - useful for when the user has tweaked some colors manually .
Better handling for the inverse ( aka reverse ) attribute for terminals that actually support it - and add the g:CSApprox_fake_reverse config variable to allow switching back to the old behavior for terminals that do n't support real reverse video .
Fix an issue where CSApprox would unconditionally leave ' background ' set to " light " - now it will leave ' background ' unchanged when it runs .
Change the handling for Konsole to use the xterm palette by for KDE versions >= 2.2.0 - Konsole itself was changed to drop its old , slightly incompatible palette in KDE 2.2.0
Fix a minor issue where running vim in recovery mode with -r would result in a complaint from CSApprox that the terminal did n't have enough colors even when it did .
Fix an issue where , even if CSApprox had been disabled by setting g:CSApprox_loaded , a CSApprox error message could still be displayed .
CSApprox.zip 3.50 2009-04-02 7.0 Matt Wozniski
Fix a major regression that prevented the Eterm and Konsole colors from being correctly snapshotted
Fix a related bug causing incorrect terminal colors after calling :CSApproxSnapshot
Fix a bug causing black to be used instead of dark grey
Have snapshots calculate g:colors_name programmatically
Introduce many tweaks for better speed
Clarify some things at : help csapprox - terminal - example
Default to using our own list of rgb.txt colors rather than searching , for performance .
Add a new variable , g:CSApprox_use_showrgb , which forces us to try finding the colors using the " showrgb " program instead , and fall back on our own list if it is n't available
Remove g:CSApprox_extra_rgb_txt_dirs - not needed in light of the above change CSApprox.zip 3.05 2009-01-31 7.0 Matt Wozniski
Fix a harmless " Undefined variable " error in :CSApproxSnapshot
Fix a behavioral bug when dumping out colors defined external to the scheme .
CSApprox.zip 3.00 2009-01-22 7.0 Matt Wozniski
Update the docs for better info on :CSApproxSnapshot
Allow snapshotted schemes to work on Vim 6 , and work properly in Konsole and Eterm ( thanks David Majnemer ! )
Fix a bug causing a syntax error when using GVim while CSApprox was loaded .
( thanks again , David Majnemer ! ) CSApprox.zip 2.00 2008-12-14 7.0 Matt Wozniski
Add a hooks system , allowing users to specify a command to run , either before or after the approximation algorithm is run , for all schemes or one specific one .
Also rewrite :CSApproxSnapshot to be more maintainable and less of a hack , and fix several bugs that it contained .
CSApprox.zip 1.50 2008-11-19 7.0 Matt Wozniski Add :CSApproxSnapshot for writing out a colorscheme file representing the current colors that will work in gvim , 88 color vim , or 256 color vim , even without + gui .
See : help :CSApproxSnapshot CSApprox.zip 1.10 2008-10-28 7.0 Matt Wozniski Distribute an rgb.txt along with CSApprox , so that CSApprox can still be used on distributions where no rgb.txt is provided with the X server ( like Ubuntu Intrepid Ibex ) .
Thanks to Penn
Su for finding this !
CSApprox.zip 1.00 2008-10-05 7.0 Matt Wozniski Initial upload ip used for rating : 176.9.113.70
Canonical , the company behind the Ubuntu Linux distribution , has announced the official launch of the Ubuntu One music store .
Integrated into the Rhythmbox music player in the upcoming Ubuntu 10.04 release , the store allows users to purchase downloadable songs and albums .
The music store is powered by 7digital , an online music distributor that offers over 4 million songs in the MP3 format without DRM .
Canonical partnered with 7digital and developed the software that allows the music store to integrate with Rythmbox and Ubuntu One , the cloud service that Canonical launched last year .
The Ubuntu One music store is accessible through the navigation sidebar in Rhythmbox .
When the user clicks on the Ubuntu One item in the sidebar , it will load the store interface in the main area of the Rhythmbox window .
The store is basically a webpage that is loaded into an embedded WebKit frame .
It 's not fully integrated into the Rhythmbox track selection user interface like the Jamendo and Magnutune stores .
The WebKit approach feels a bit less seamless , but it 's arguably better because it allows a richer presentation .
The music store interface shows a lot of album art and other visual elements .
The main screen of the music store will show a selection of popular and recommended songs .
The user can click various elements to browse by genre or view recently added tracks .
It also has a built - in search textbox which allows the user to find a specific artist , album , or track .
When you select a specific musician or music group , you will see a concise description of the group along with a list of available albums organized in a grid with titles and cover images .
When you click on an album , you will see a list of available tracks with prices and download buttons .
You can purchase songs individually or buy an entire album .
Each song also has a preview button which you can click to hear part of a song before you buy it .
The preview function will stream the first 60 seconds of the track and play it directly in Rhythmbox .
Users have several payment options , including credit card and PayPal .
7digital handles the transaction and can also store your credit card data if you desire .
The music selection is reasonably decent but is n't nearly as broad as the likes of iTunes and Amazon .
The store 's available music is said to vary between different geographical regions .
7digital has separate stores for the UK , the United States , Germany , the rest of Europe , and other parts of the world .
I tested the US store .
It has most of the mainstream stuff that the average consumer will want , but it did n't fare as well when I started looking for more obscure items .
The J - pop selection is especially weak , lacking some names like High and Mighty Color and Kajiura Yuki .
Despite the gaps , there are some areas where the breadth of the selection managed to impress me .
For example , I was pleasantly surprised to find that the store has a comprehensive assortment of Blind Guardian albums .
The music store is integrated with the Ubuntu One service in several ways .
When a user purchases music from the store , the files are downloaded directly into the user 's Ubuntu One cloud storage area .
This means that the files will be propagated to all of the computers that the user has connected to Ubuntu One .
The purchased tracks show up in a special section of the user 's Rhythmbox music library , but are treated just like any other music file on the user 's computer .
The files are also available from the Ubuntu One Web interface , which allows users to download individual files on any computer via a Web browser .
The cloud storage integration is a great concept and is executed well .
The downside is that the files purchased from the store count against your total Ubuntu
One file sync capacity , which means that the free 2GB tier of Ubuntu
One service will likely be insufficient for users who intend to sync a lot of purchased music .
You can , of course , move the files out of the synchronized storage area and put them anywhere on your filesystem if you do n't want them to use your Ubuntu One space .
The files do n't show up in the regular Ubuntu One folder on your filesystem , but you can find them in the ~/.ubuntuone / Purchased from Ubuntu One directory .
The music that is sold through the store is encoded in the MP3 format .
Although most users favor MP3 encoding because it is widely supported by third - party devices and software , it is somewhat controversial among certain Linux users who favor unencumbered formats such as Ogg Vorbis .
The store does not offer Vorbis - encoded music and is n't likely to do so in the near future .
Ubuntu itself does n't natively support MP3 playback in the default installation .
Users have to install an additional package in order to get a licensed MP3 codec for GNOME 's GStreamer multimedia framework .
When the user first attempts to access the Ubuntu One music store , they will be prompted to click a button to automatically install MP3 playback support .
After downloading a few tracks myself , my overall impression is positive .
Canonical has largely succeeded in making the music store feel like a convenient and well - integrated part of the Ubuntu user experience .
Although it 's impressive , the software is still in the beta stage of development and is n't entirely stable yet .
It functions properly , but I experienced several crashes during my tests , primarily during the checkout stage of the purchasing process .
There are also some minor bugs in the HTML user interface , like links that accidentally cause it to load the regular 7digital Web site instead of the one that is customized for Rhythmbox .
With additional refinement , the music store could be a win for Canonical and Ubuntu users .
It 's unclear exactly what kind of revenue - sharing deal the company has with 7digital , but there is definitely some kind of arrangement that allows Canonical to profit from the music sales .
If the service gains traction among Ubuntu users , it could help boost Ubuntu 's financial sustainability .
In Afghanistan , Marines might soon be able to snap together a 6.5 - feet tall wall of armor for themselves in under ten minutes , using no tools or equipment .
Inside , they 'll be safe from bullets and frag from grenades , mortars , and rockets .
Badass .
Advertisement
The Marine Corps has already spent $ 800,000 to buy 14 kits of McCurdy 's Armor , the portable wall system developed by Dynamic Defense Materials .
The kits are named after Ryan McCurdy , a Marine who was killed in duty in 2006 while pulling a wounded friend to safety .
The walls are also stackable , making them as easy to transport as they are to assemble .
Once in position , four soldiers can assemble an individual panel in less than ten minutes , after which multiple panels can snap together in a U- , V , or J - shape , depending on what 's preferable for the situation .
The walls also feature ballistic windows that open and close , allowing Marines to fire back when necessary .
Advertisement
It 's not clear if and when these will be deployed widely in the field , but given that the current alternative is stacking a bunch of sandbags , hopefully Uncle Sam 's ready to put in another order .
[ DDM via National Defense via PopSci ]
Chalk up a victory for nerd rage .
Less than a month after retroactively declaring that its A+ , Network + , and Security + certifications would expire three years after the testing date , industry group CompTIA has reversed its position .
All current holders of A+ , Network + , and Security + certs will remain certified for life , as they were promised when they took the exams .
In addition , anyone who takes those exams during 2010 will remain certified for life .
Starting in 2011 , however , new certs will expire after three years .
Holders who wish to maintain their certification will then have to pay an annual fee to CompTIA of $ 25 or $ 49 and will need to rack up sufficient continuing education credits to renew their certs .
The initial decision to retroactively invalidate certifications generated considerable anger among cert holders , which we described in today 's story on the fiasco .
An hour after our original report went live , CompTIA contacted us with news about the change .
CompTIA president Todd Thibodeaux , announcing the policy change , said , " We do not wish to disenfranchise any of the individuals who have supported our certification program .
The right thing to do is honor our past commitment to those certified under our original ' certified for life ' policy . "
Under the new plan , CompTIA can still maintain its own ANSI / ISO accreditation ( both groups require that industry certifications have some mechanisms for ongoing training ) .
" Our ISO accreditation is extremely important to us because of the global credibility it carries , " added Thibideaux .
The news does not yet appear on CompTIA 's website , but we 're told that all the details of the revamped program will soon be available online .
More than ever before in U.S. history , American society absolutely relies on credit in order to function .
In fact , if you cut off all sources of credit to U.S. businesses , most of them would go out of business fairly quickly .
The truth is that when the money supply expands and credit flows freely , the U.S. economy usually hums along pretty good .
But when the money supply contracts and the financial powers tighten credit , it almost always means that an economic slowdown is coming .
That is why recent signals by the Federal Reserve and the major banks in the U.S. are so alarming .
But why would the financial authorities want to contract the money supply and tighten credit just when the U.S. economy is showing some signs of life ?
Well , the truth is that nobody can read their minds .
In the long run , the massive size of the U.S. national debt is going to force a massive increase in the size of the U.S. money supply and will eventually lead to hyperinflation .
However , in the short term U.S. financial powers may see this as a chance to further consolidate their power .
There are rumors that they still desire much greater “ consolidation ” in the banking industry .
So how would this “ consolidation ” be achieved ?
Well , a massive “ second wave ” of mortgages is scheduled to reset over the next two to three years .
If credit is tight and the U.S. economy is struggling , then another huge wave of mortgage defaults could potentially destroy hundreds of small to mid-size banks across the United States .
The big banks would be in prime position to come in and buy many of them up for a song .
You see , this is very similar to what happened during the Great Depression .
During the Great Depression , the financial powers reduced the money supply , tightened credit and hoarded cash .
The U.S. economy seized up and suddenly nobody had any money .
Those who did have money ( the financial powers ) were in many cases able to come in and buy assets up for pennies on the dollar .
Not that we are expecting an extended deflationary depression this time .
Instead , it is perhaps likely that they are planning a “ consolidation phase ” before they really blow out the dollar .
In any event , a reduction in the money supply , the tightening of credit and the hoarding of cash by banks is really bad news for the average American because there will be less jobs and less opportunity as the economy slows down .
The following are 4 signs that this is exactly what we are about to see… .
#1) The Federal Reserve is in talks with money - market mutual funds on agreements to help drain as much as 1 trillion dollars from the financial system .
The Federal Reserve is reportedly seeking to “ withdraw ” some of the record monetary stimulus pumped into the U.S. economy to fight the recession .
But when you withdraw stimulus money from the system , what happens ?
That ’s right – the opposite of stimulus .
#2) There are persistent rumors that Federal Reserve policy makers are plotting a course for a series of interest rate hikes .
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke says that the Federal Reserve may raise the discount rate “ before long ” as part of the “ normalization ” of Fed lending .
By raising that rate , Bernanke says that the central bank “ will be able to put significant upward pressure on all short - term interest rates ” .
When the Federal Reserve raises rates , this has a ripple effect throughout the entire economy .
Higher rates mean that credit will tighten and loans will be more expensive for individuals and businesses .
In turn , this will cause the U.S. economy to slow down .
#3) Recent data suggests that there has been a substantial drop in the “ real ” M3 money supply , and every time that this has happened in the past it has resulted in a drop in economic activity .
In fact , this contraction in the money supply has some economic analysts now saying that it is not a matter of “ if ” we will have a “ double - dip ” recession , but of “ when ” it will occur .
# 4) There are also signs that the major U.S. banks are now hoarding cash .
In fact , the biggest banks in the U.S. cut their collective small business lending balance by another $ 1 billion in November 2009 .
That drop was the seventh monthly decline in a row .
So what does all of this mean ?
It means that the collapse of the U.S. dollar will be put off for a little while but that the U.S. economy is in for some hard times ahead .
More people are going to lose their jobs and more people are going to lose their homes .
Eventually though , after this apparent “ consolidation phase ” is over , the U.S. government and the financial powers will swoop in with another round of bailouts and another round of “ stimulus packages ” to save the day .
Once again they will be hailed as heroes and saviors .
And this current “ consolidation phase ” does not change the long term forecast at all .
Eventually the U.S. dollar will collapse and the United States will experience hyperinflation in one form or another .
Just not yet .
Benhur Lee may have discovered a medical silver bullet that can disable pandemic HIV , exotic Ebola , the common flu and possibly every kind of enveloped virus on the planet .
An added bonus is that those viruses likely are unable to develop resistance to the compound .
If this sounds too good to be true , you are not alone .
Lee was skeptical himself , and that is why it took four years of detailed work by his lab at the University of California , Los Angeles , ( U.C.L.A. ) , along with collaborators spread across the country before the first paper was published on the potentially revolutionary discovery , on February 16 in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Lee is an expert on the viral envelope , the dynamic outside surface of a virus that latches onto a cell , then changes its shape to let the virus enter and infect the cell .
This work began as part of a biodefense grant from the National Institutes of Health , screening a library of 30,000 compounds for activity against the envelope of Nipah virus , an emerging infection first identified in 1999 in Malaysia .
Nipah is so deadly that work with the virus itself can only be done in biosafety level 4 ( BSL - 4 ) labs where researchers wear tightly sealed hazmat suits with internal oxygen supplies .
The labs themselves are strongly secured .
There are only four in the U.S .
Lee got around that by creating a hybrid virus .
He striped off the envelope covering the relatively benign vesicular stomatitis virus ( VSV ) and added the Nipah envelope to that core .
This allowed him to screen the compounds in his lab at the university using much lower BLS - 2 safety standards , to see if they inhibited viral entry into the cell .
" One compound ( LJ001 ) looked really good , it had an IC50 of one micromolar [ meaning that it inhibited the pathogen at a low concentration ] , which for an initial read is okay .
Most importantly , it was n't toxic " to cell cultures , Lee explained .
Mike Wolf , a grad student in the lab , wanted to make sure the compound was specific to Nipah , so he screened it against VSV .
When the inhibition curves came back identical , he originally was disappointed because the study 's funding was based on exploring potential therapeutics for Nipah .
Lee , however , encouraged him to be more persistent , and curious .
After a series of studies confirmed the activity and lack of toxicity , Lee sent double - blinded samples of the compound and control to a colleague at the BSL - 4 lab at the University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston who tested it against Nipah , Ebola and other viruses .
They were shocked when LJ001 inhibited viral entry to all of them .
So Lee pitted it against HIV , a pathogen he had worked with extensively — it worked there , too .
" That did n't make any sense at all to a virologist , because retroviruses have nothing to do with these negative - strand RNA viruses " like Nipah and Ebola , he says .
" We started going through a list of 20 - plus viruses , " and it inhibited entry of all of them .
" I had no idea of what was going on , I could n’t find anything common about them . "
Finally , when he ran the compound against adenovirus , it came back negative .
Only then did he recognize the commonality : LJ001 worked against lipid envelope viruses only .
It took a few years to rule out possibilities that the compound might be inhibiting the binding or fusion processes by which such viruses enter cells .
Lee demonstrated that the compound binds to lipids in the envelope of both the virus and the invaded cell .
Eventually he came to realize that it causes damage to both organisms .
The difference is that the larger cell is equipped to repair all sorts of regularly occurring insults .
The more primitive virus , however , carries no repair mechanisms ; a new virion ( complete virus ) acquires lipids for its envelope by literally ripping them off of the cellular membrane as it buds off from the infected cell .
Once the viral lipids were disabled by LJ001 they stayed that way .
Current antiviral drugs target encoded proteins essential to the viral life cycle , and which vary so much among virus types that a specifically tailored drug seldom is effective against more than one of them .
Furthermore , active processes allow viruses to inevitably develop resistance to such compounds .
To compensate for this shortcoming , combination therapy attempts to hit a virus at so many places simultaneously that it cannot develop resistance to them all .
But viruses do not have genetic control of their lipids like they do with proteins .
So , Lee is optimistic about the potential for resistance to drugs like LJ001 .
He says , " I ca n't imagine how the virus can develop resistance to it . "
When U.C.L.A. lawyers searched the patent database , they found that a company already had filed a patent on LJ001 claiming antiviral activity but describing little else .
Lee is not concerned ; his colleague Michael Jung , a medicinal chemist at U.C.L.A. , had tinkered with the original compound and found a series of variations that are 100 - fold more potent .
The university is filing claim to those .
Lee says it is important to demonstrate in vivo efficacy of these compounds .
He is working to try to overcome a few barriers they have identified , and he readily concedes that it will take teams of experts with specialized knowledge to bring a product to market .
His primary focus is on basic research , and he already is thinking about those next challenges .
Warner Greene , director of the Gladstone Institute of Virology and Immunology at the University of California , San Francisco , congratulated Lee and his collaborators on " a fascinating piece of work on an unexpected finding . "
But , he cautions , " from a therapeutic point of view it is a very , very early finding . "
" The breadth of antiviral activity is fascinating but I fear that with the underlying mechanism of membrane disruption , there might be a lot more toxicity than is currently appreciated .
Primary cells often are much more sensitive than laboratory - adapted cells , " Greene says .
He adds : " With this type of drug you are always going to be operating in a window of whether or not the cell can catch up and keep the cell alive while the drug is still being effective against the virus .
It will be a race . "
That is the same principle behind many current therapies for cancer .
The prospect of a hung parliament has unsettled financial markets in recent weeks , as it casts doubt over whether there would be any agreement to cut Britain 's record Budget deficit .
Mr Brown has warned that taking too sharp an axe to the deficit will imperil a fragile economic recovery .
David Cameron and the Conservatives claim that the deficit - which is expected to reach 12 pc of gross domestic product ( GDP ) this year - poses a greater threat to a sustainable recovery .
( Left ) Methane hydrate consists of a cage of water molecules trapping a methane molecule within .
Credit : Slim Films for Suess et al. , Scientific American , Nov. 1999 , pp. 76-83 . ( Right )
When methane hydrate is brought to the surface , the methane can be burnt off .
Credit : Gary Klinkhammer , OSU - COAS .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Buried below the tundra of China ’s Qinghai - Tibet Plateau is a type of frozen natural gas containing methane and ice crystals that could supply energy to China for 90 years .
China discovered the large reserve of methane hydrate last September , and last week the Qinghai Province announced that it plans to allow researchers and energy companies to tap the energy source .
Although methane hydrate is plentiful throughout the world , the key challenge for China and other nations will be to develop technologies to excavate the fuel without damaging the environment .
Methane hydrate is an ice - like substance that is sometimes called “ combustible ice ” since it can literally be lit on fire and burned as fuel .
But rather than dig up the substance , excavators would likely melt the ice underground first , and then extract the methane gas .
However , researchers are still investigating the most appropriate way to extract the fuel for commercialization .
Methane hydrate is an attractive energy source due to its high energy density : one cubic meter of combustible ice contains about 164 cubic meters of regular natural gas .
This high energy density is due to the fact that methane is trapped within the hydrate crystal structure and greatly compressed .
According to the DOE , the immense energy content of methane occurring in hydrate form may possibly exceed the combined energy content of all other known fossil fuels .
In addition , the frozen hydrate has few impurities , meaning it can burn cleaner with fewer pollutants than oil and possibly regular natural gas , as well .
Combustible ice has already been discovered in more than 100 countries , buried in both the Arctic permafrost and beneath the ocean floor .
Besides China , countries including the US , Japan , and the Republic of Korea have plans to tap the natural gas hydrate buried in their territories .
Last summer , US scientists on a research vessel in the Gulf of Mexico discovered pockets of highly concentrated methane hydrate estimated to contain 6,700 trillion cubic feet of gas .
The DOE has estimated that the total amount of methane hydrate worldwide could be as high as 400 million trillion cubic feet , including 85.4 trillion cubic feet buried in Alaska .
Because methane is a potent greenhouse gas , researchers are also concerned about the environmental effects of extracting methane hydrate .
However , if handled carefully , using methane hydrate as a fuel could be safer than simply letting it melt on its own .
As the earth continues to warm , methane released into the atmosphere could cause even more damage than if it were burned for fuel .
On the other hand , if large amounts of methane were accidentally released during extraction , the results could further aggravate global warming .
Another risk from mining the combustible ice is geological slumping .
For these reasons , developing a safe technology to excavate the fuel is a priority .
With these challenges in mind , China 's Ministry of Land and Resources estimated last week that the country could begin using its combustible ice within 10 to 15 years , joining other countries in methane hydrate exploration .
Explore further Alaskan drilling will assess gas hydrate
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
“ You say this is pro-abortion , ” he said to Republicans , and yet “ you have 59,000 Catholic nuns from across the country endorsing this bill , 600 Catholic hospitals , 1,400 Catholic nursing homes endorsing this bill . ”
Image Maureen Dowd Credit ...
Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
For decades , the nuns did the bidding of the priests , cleaned up their messes , and watched as their male superiors let a perverted stain spread over the entire church , a stain that has now even reached the Holy See .
It seemed that the nuns were strangely silent , either because they suspected but had no proof  the “ Doubt ” syndrome  or because they had no one to tell but male bosses protecting one another in that repugnant and hypocritical old - boys ’ network .
Their goodness was rewarded with a stunning slap from the über - conservative Pope Benedict XVI .
The Vatican is conducting two inquisitions into the “ quality of life ” of American nuns , trying to knock any independence or modernity out of them .
The witch hunt has sparked the nuns to have a voice at last .
Vulnerable children were not protected by the male hierarchy of the church , which treated sexual abuse as a failure of character rather than a crime .
The men were so arrogant it never occurred to them that they should be accountable to the secular world .
In their warped thinking , it was better to let children suffer than to call the authorities , embarrass the church and risk diminished power .
Now the bishops think that it ’s better to deprive poor people of good health care than to let the church look like it ’s going soft on abortion .
Under the semantic dodge of ideological purity , the bishops also are doing the bidding of the Republicans , trying to kill the bill and weaken the president .
But the nuns are right when they say that “ the Senate bill will not provide taxpayer funding for elective abortions ” and that its protection of pregnant women is the “ real pro-life stance . ”
The nuns stepped up to support true Catholic dogma , making sure poor people get proper health care .
( Which would lead to fewer abortions anyway . )
( Editor 's note : This article was corrected to properly identify the broadcaster . )
COCHRAN , Ga. –
The blowback has begun on Derrick Martin , the gay teenager who is being allowed to bring his boyfriend to the prom .
Some district students and residents rallied late this week against Derrick , and the local ABC ( Channel 16 ) filed a news report on the protest that appeared slanted .
The ABC broadcast started this way :
“ Most teens ’ prom concerns range from what to wear and arranging a limo , but for a Cochran high school student , his date caused the most controversy .
A gay high school student in Bleckley County is defying the community 's wishes , and bringing his boyfriend to the prom . ”
And a little later :
“ Derrick Martin 's peers stood up Thursday against the senior 's sexuality and his plans to bring a same - sex partner as his date . ”
While the broadcast did allow Derrick to speak on camera , it focused more on “ concerned citizens . ”
“ You sit here and you tell me that if somebody walked up to you and you 've already paid all your money to go a prom that you 've waited 11 years to go to and it ’s a sacred event and somebody walks in and says ‘ Oh I ’m gay , I ’m going to do a walk through with another guy , ” one concerned citizen named Cochran complained on camera .
As ABC continued its report , Derrick , who is an honors student , was labeled a “ controversial student . ”
“ There 's always going to be people that do n't like you and that do n't want to be around you , and you just have to just accept it , ” Derrick said .
Bobby Duskin , who was labeled a “ worried father , ” was one of the organizers of the rally against Derrick .
“ I 'm going to speak out .
Because I ’m a father , and I ’m proud to be a father and I ’m going to look out for my kids no matter what and I ’m going to stand up for them no matter what , ” Duskin said .
ABC then trotted out Duskin ’s daughter , Amber , a senior who refuses to go to the prom because Derrick will be there with his boyfriend .
“ It ’s not just his prom , it ’s my prom too and everybody else 's at the school , ” Amber said .
Some students are now going to organize a private prom , ABC reported .
That 's code for a " gay free " dance .
Meanwhile , the school board issued the following statement about Derrick ’s request :
“ A male student at Bleckley County High School requested permission to bring a male friend to the high school prom .
“ After school and system officials reviewed prom rules and procedures and legal precedent , the school informed the individual that there were no rules or policies that would prevent him from bringing his friend to the prom .
“ This statement is not an endorsement of any particular practice or lifestyle , but rather recognition of the legal environment in which public schools operate today .
In the interest of fairness to all students who have looked forward to their prom , school officials did not entertain the option of canceling the prom .
“ Our school system is struggling with much larger concerns such as budget shortfalls and striving to sustain our reputation for excellence in education .
We have serious matters that require our time and resources and we simply can not afford to divert any of them away from our educational mission . ”
Following raids against a large file - sharing site in December 2009 , police in Greece are engaged in an ongoing operation to close down the country 's largest BitTorrent site and arrest its operators .
Thus far there have been six arrests , with Interpol chasing two further admins believed to be located in The Netherlands .
Although it was n’t yet evident , December 2009 appeared to mark the beginning of an effort to shut down the Greek file - sharing scene .
The Society for the Protection of Audiovisual Works ( EPOE ) conducted an investigation and moved in conjunction with the police to carry out the first action of its type against a file - sharing site in the country .
The 285,000 member Greek - Fun.com carried around 14,000 links to music , domestic and international movies , software and computers games .
Around 5,500 of these are believed to have linked to material in the EPOE repertoire .
As is usual with these cases , EPOE were quick to point to the financing of the site as an indication of criminal behavior .
Like many sites , Greek - Fun offered benefits to users who donated to keep the site running although the admins denied profiteering .
In the end at least one administrator of the site , believed to be in his early 30’s , was arrested and several people were questioned with investigators linking site email addresses to Facebook accounts for evidence .
EPOE said the site caused it 1.8 m euros in damages .
As the bad news about Greek - Fun spread , Greece ’s largest private tracker – the huge 898,000 member Gamato .
info – also unexpectedly went down , officially due to “ technical problems ” .
Whatever the reason , as can be seen by the graph below , the result was a massive drop in Greek Internet traffic .
Gamato remained down for several weeks , only opening again during the first few days of February 2010 .
Today , however , the site is down again , and the news is not good .
ELAS ( Greek police ) are engaged in an on - going operation to round up the administrators of the site .
Already there are reports of 3 arrests in Athens ( the capital and one of the world ’s oldest cities ) and 3 in Thessaloniki ( Greece ’s 2nd largest city ) .
A soldier , a musician and a confectioner are among those arrested .
New information suggests that ELAS have alerted Interpol to arrest two further admins who are apparently reside outside the country .
TorrentFreak has learned that they are located in The Netherlands and are being called “ the brains ” behind the site .
The Gamato servers are also located there although it ’s unclear at this stage if there is a connection .
“ We host a lot of different sites and do not keep tabs on our clients as long as they comply with our Terms of Service , which includes confirming to the Dutch law , ” Gamato ’s host told TorrentFreak , adding : “ As far as we and our legal counsel can see , this is the case with the site mentioned by you . ”
It ’s believed that police are looking for 11 individuals in total .
Thus far , 27 hard drives , five laptops and more than 600 DVDs have been seized .
According to the police , file - sharing on Gamato was responsible for 80 % of online piracy in Greece , with EPOE calculating its losses at the hands of the tracker at a staggering 1 billion euros .
Although Gamato was a private torrent site , it did n’t follow the usual format .
It was n’t “ invite - only ” – anyone could signup – and although sharing ratios were counted there were no punishments or rewards for the amounts shared .
Furthermore , unlike Greek - Fun , Gamato did not accept donations from users .
The Society for the Protection of Audiovisual Works ( EPOE ) shot to fame in 2008 when virtually every site offering user - generated Greek subtitles ( fansubs ) for English language movies and TV shows became recipients of its legal threats .
Within a very short time sites including greektvsubs.gr , subtitles.gr , greeksubs , subs4u.gr and apsubs.com had either closed down or removed all subtitles .
Copying a few answers from another student ’s math or science homework assignment occurs much more frequently than copying during examinations or plagiarism on term papers .
It is rarely prosecuted by discipline committees and is regarded by many American college students as either not cheating at all or simply a minor infraction .
Now educators at MIT have shown that homework copying is associated with greatly decreased learning — and have developed changes in instructional format that reduced copying by a factor of four in certain physics classes at MIT .
This research was conducted by the Research in Learning , Assessment , and Tutoring Effectively ( RELATE ) program headed by David E. Pritchard , the Cecil and Ida Green Professor of Physics .
By analyzing records of student submissions to Mastering Physics , an online homework and tutorial system , a team led by graduate student David Palazzo developed algorithms to detect copied answers based on earlier work led by Postdoctoral Fellow Rasil Warnakulasooriya .
Postdoctoral Fellow Young - Jin Lee also contributed to the research , published today online in Physical Review Special Topics : Physics Education Research .
The group investigated the effect of homework copying on students ’ performance .
It found that the copying of problems that require algebraic responses correlated with two letter grades ’ worse performance on problems demanding similar responses on a final exam ( but found that copying did not adversely affect grades on conceptual questions ) .
This decline caused repetitive copiers — students who copy over 30 percent of their homework problems — to have over three times the failure rate of the rest of the students in spite of their starting the semester with equal ability in math and physics .
According to Lee , now assistant professor of educational technology at the University of Kansas , “ The decrease of copiers ’ relative performance over the semester is as strong as anything in the education literature .
Since the copiers do learn physics topics on which they do n’t copy the homework , it strongly implies that copying caused their declining relative performance on the algebraic problems later in the semester .
” The copying showed surprisingly strong temporal patterns .
Students who copied little or none of their homework had completed about half of their weekly assignment two nights before it was due , whereas repetitive copiers had done only about 15 percent .
More dramatically , the rate of copying increased notably over the semester and was three times higher after midterm exams than during the first three weeks of the semester .
“ It took them about three weeks to establish their networks , ” said Palazzo , now a professor at the U.S. Military Academy .
Homework copying was detected based on the elapsed time between when a student opened the problem in his browser and the time when he had correctly submitted all the answers .
When the elapsed time was too short for the average student to read the problem and enter the several required answers , the problem was regarded as having been copied .
By measuring actual copying , this work provides a checkpoint for the large body of work on academic dishonesty based on anonymous surveys of students .
The actually observed rate was about 50 percent higher than on a similar anonymous survey given to the MIT students .
In addition , survey data combined with actual copying patterns confirmed three demographic indicators found in previous self - reported work : men copied significantly more than women , business majors copied much more than either scientists or engineers , and those most interested in obtaining a grade copied more than those most interested in obtaining an education .
In addition , it appears that students interested merely in obtaining a passing grade delay starting serious work and resort to copying under pressure of the deadline .
In surveys , students nationally report both more academic dishonesty and more moral tolerance for it than do students at MIT .
“ It ’s hard to escape the conclusion that homework copying is an even worse problem nationally than in the worst semester we studied at MIT , ” said Palazzo .
The surveys also reveal that more copying is reported for written than for online homework ; at MIT , students reported nearly twice as much copying of written homework as of online homework .
The MIT group observed the overall copy rate decline by a factor of four over three years as changes were made to the instructional format .
The largest reduction of copying occurred when Physics I : Classical Mechanics ( 8.01 ) was changed from a lecture - recitation format to the more intimate technology - enabled active learning ( TEAL ) format , which features more personal contact with teachers and teaching assistants ( and a student - to - staff ratio below 20 ) .
A further factor of two reduction occurred in Physics II : Electricity and Magnetism ( 8.02 ) when the interface in the course ’s tutoring program was changed to make copying more difficult and the grading system changed from pass / no record to A , B , C / no record .
Pritchard concludes from his research that copying written homework is a serious cause of course failure nationally , especially in large lecture - recitation courses .
“ We came upon homework copying through our research on learning in an online environment , rather than through moral concern , ” Pritchard says .
“ But our results are so strong that they place a moral imperative on teachers to confront homework copying and to reduce it .
Fortunately , we found some changes that dramatically reduce copying without turning teachers into policemen . ”
On health care , Democrats ‘ should have started with single payer , ’ he alleges
Comedian and political commentator Bill Maher said Wednesday that President Obama ’s insistence on courting Republican votes on his legislative priorities has weakened his presidency and the outcome of health care reform .
“ I think the biggest mistake that he has made in his first year was to put bipartisanship ahead of fixing the country , ” Maher declared Wednesday on MSNBC ’s Countdown With Keith Olbermann .
ADVERTISEMENT
He said Obama should have “ com[e ] in with all the energy from the election and saying , you know what , we ’re in a crisis mode , I won this election by a sizable mandate — here ’s what we ’re going to do ; if you do n’t like it , Republicans , you can suck on it . ”
The host of HBO ’s Real Time With Bill Maher has for months skewered Democrats on his show as too timid and lacking the courage to fight for their beliefs .
Last summer he famously said , “ We do n’t have a left and a right party anymore ” because “ Democrats have moved the right , and the right has moved into a mental hospital . ”
“ They should have started with single payer , ” he told guest host Lawrence O’Donnell .
“ It ’s the one program that makes sense , but okay , we live in a country that does n’t make sense …
If they had started from that , then the fall - back compromise position would have at least been the public option , ” Maher said , assailing Democrats for their ostensibly poor negotiation skills .
“ I think [ Democrats ] wussied out on standing up [ for ] the things that were actually going to be cost- cutting , ” said the controversial but popular comedian .
But he added that “ a quarter - loaf is better than none ” and the current package , while flawed and unlikely to save much money , will save lives and is worth passing .
ADVERTISEMENT
The comedian said he was baffled that it ’s acceptable for up to forty thousand people to die every year due to an inadequate medical system .
“ Can you imagine if that many people were dying in Iraq or Afghanistan — or a terrorist attack ? ” he asked .
Arguing that Democrats should have framed the debate to warn people who are satisfied with their health insurance that their premiums would surge , Maher alleged that “ Democrats need to use fear the way the Republicans use fear . ”
Sen . Bernie Sanders on Wednesday also critiqued the White House for not being forceful enough on health care and wasting months trying fruitlessly to recruit Republican support .
Acknowledging Obama ’s more aggressive posture in recent weeks , Sanders said the president has “ finally got that message . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from MSNBC ’s Countdown , broadcast March 10 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
Not bad at all !
PRO TIP :
In the radial menu , select the compass and the third option down lets you test out characters that are currently featured in You get free stuff for completing a combat challenge with
Federal Judge Wayne Andersen in Chicago refused Friday to drop a suit against former secretary of defense Donald Rumsfeld filed by Americans who were working as civilians in Iraq in 2006 when , they allege , they were locked up and tortured by American forces — Donald Vance for three months and Nathan Ertel for one .
" Plaintiffs are not now , and never have been , terrorists or enemies of the United States , " says Vance and Ertel 's suit against Rumsfeld and the United States government .
" To the best of their knowledge , Plaintiffs were never even legitimately accused of being the same . "
Nevertheless , the suit continues , they were held and abused , and " officials at the highest levels of of the United States government have endorsed just such abuses .
In particular , Defendant Donald Rumsfeld devised policies that permit the use of torture in interrogations and the detention of Americans without just grounds and effectively without access to a court to seek habeas . "
These policies authorized a " series of measures ... crafted in secret and without resort to the democratic process [ that ] effectively suspended certain very basic human and civil rights for those whom the officials target . "
Attorney Mike Kanovitz of the Chicago firm Loevy & Loevy , which represents the plaintiffs , says Vance , who 's from Chicago , and Ertel were employees of Shield Group Security and were reporting back to the FBI in Chicago about illegal payments they believed were being made by the security firm to Iraqi sheiks .
Kanovitz said American officials in Iraq were n't interested in what the two men had to say , so Vance got in touch with the FBI during a visit home .
Their suit says SGS became suspicious and eventually they were arrested by American military forces , placed in solitary confinement , and interrogated repeatedly by military personnel using physically and mentally coercive tactics authorized by Rumsfeld .
These included " threats of violence and actual violence , sleep deprivation and alteration , extremes of temperature , extremes of sounds , light manipulation , threats of indefinite detention , denial of food , denial of water , denial of needed medical care , yelling , prolonged , solitary confinement , incommunicado detention , falsified allegations and other psychologically - disruptive and injurious techniques . "
They were never charged and eventually they were released .
Andersen 's ground - breaking decision reads in part :
" Plaintiffs … allege that in August 2003 Rumsfeld sent Major Geoffrey Miller to Iraq to review the United States prison system ....
Plaintiffs claim that Rumsfeld informed Major Miller that his mission was to ' gitmo - ize ' Camp Cropper [ where Vance and Ertel were held ] .
These allegations , if true , would substantiate plaintiffs ' claim that Rumsfeld was aware of the direct impact that his newly approved treatment methods were having on detainees in Iraq … .
Based on these allegations , we conclude that plaintiffs have alleged sufficient facts to survive Rumsfeld 's motion to dismiss on account of a lack of personal involvement … .
Accepting at this stage that these treatment methods were in fact used , we conclude that a court might plausibly determine that the conditions of confinement were torturous . "
Andersen 's ruling does n't mean Rumsfeld will wind up in a Chicago courtroom trying to explain away torture .
It means he might .
Here , courtesy of the ChicagoIndyMedia Web site , is a link to a PDF of Andersen 's opinion .
And here 's a link to a PDF of Vance and Ertel 's complaint .
Two weeks ago in Southern California , Rodney Alcala was convicted of murdering four women and a girl between 1977 and 1979 .
Today , CNN reports that during that period the serial killer was the winning bachelor on an episode of The Dating Game .
He had already been convicted of raping an 8 - year - old girl .
On the popular ABC TV show ( created by Chuck Barris ) , a female contestant would question three bachelors she could hear but not see and choose one for a date .
Here 's some of what happened in 1978 on what was then The New Dating Game :
" Bachelor No. 1 is a successful photographer who got his start when his father found him in the dark room at the age of 13 , fully developed , " host Jim Lange said .
" Between takes you might find him sky - diving or motorcycling .
Please welcome Rodney Alcala . "
After the other two bachelors were introduced , questioner Cheryl Bradshaw began with Alcala .
" What 's your best time ? " she asked .
" The best time is at night , " Alcala answered with a wide smile .
" Nighttime . "
Jed Mills is a veteran television and film actor who was Bachelor No. 2 in 1978 and sat next to Alcala .
" He was creepy .
Definitely creepy , " Mills told CNN .
" He was a standout creepy guy in my life . "
Although Bradshaw chose Alcala , she refused to go out with him .
Within months of his winning appearance , Alcala abducted and murdered a 12 - year - old girl .
CNN asked crime profiler Pat Brown to analyze Alcala 's Dating Game performance .
" He was aware that he could say things that were considered sexy and funny and the girl would like that , " Brown said .
" He watched the game and he gave those answers and he won , so he learned some tricks .
But a psychopath 's true nature comes seeping through .
" When you go back and look , what 's most fascinating is that he had already committed a crime , raped a little girl .
Here is a man portraying himself as a desirable young man when he is a violent sexual predator of children . "
Brown suggested that being rejected can have a profound impact on serial killers .
Alcala , 66 , is defending himself in the penalty phase of the trial , hoping to persuade a Santa Ana jury to reject the death penalty .
( Posted by Michael Winter )
Vancouver Canucks President and General Manager Mike Gillis announced today that the Canucks have signed 2008 draft pick , forward Prab Rai .
Rai , 20 , led the Seattle Thunderbirds of the WHL in scoring ( 41-28-69 ) and goals ( 41 ) in 67 games played during the 2009 - 10 campaign .
Rai was acquired by Seattle midway through the 2006 - 07 season and has recorded 218 points ( 91-127-218 ) in 238 career games with the Thunderbirds .
Prior to his tenure with Seattle , Rai played two seasons with the Prince George Cougars of the WHL .
The Surrey , BC native recorded 10 points ( 7 - 3 - 10 ) and 27 penalty minutes in 62 games played .
The 6 ’0 ” , 183 - pound forward was drafted by the Vancouver Canucks 131st overall in the fifth round of the 2008 NHL Entry Draft .
Career Regular Season Statistics
Season Team GP G A P +/- PIM PP SH GW S S % 2006 - 2007 Prince George Cougars - WHL 24 2 3 5 0 12 1 0 1 2006-2007 Seattle Thunderbirds - WHL 38 5 14 19 - 4 18 0 0 1 2007-2008 Seattle Thunderbirds - WHL 72 20 45 65 31 21 3 4 2008-2009 Seattle Thunderbirds - WHL 61 25 40 65 11 29 7 2
Do n't expect Jonathan Schwartz to go quietly .
The former CEO of Sun Microsystems has taken to his personal blog , provocatively titled " What I could n't say ... , " to dish some industry dirt and tell his side of the story about the demise of Sun .
He has already hinted at plans to write a book , and a new post Tuesday suggests a tell - all tome could indeed be in the offing .
Sun CEO Schwartz Tweets Poetic Lament on Last DayEuropean Union Clears Oracle 's Purchase of Sun
" I feel for Google -- Steve Jobs threatened to sue me , too , " Schwartz writes , apparently referring to Apple 's patent lawsuit against HTC , which makes Google 's Nexus One smartphone .
Schwartz says he had just unveiled Sun's Linux desktop , Project Looking Glass , in 2003 , when Jobs called him to assert that Sun 's graphics were " stepping all over " Apple 's intellectual property .
If Sun tried to commercialize the technology , Schwartz says , Jobs told him , " I 'll just sue you . "
As Schwartz tells it , he responded by reminding Jobs about Sun 's considerable arsenal of OS - related patents .
" Steve was silent , " Schwartz writes .
A later meeting with Bill Gates and Steve Ballmer ended on a similar note , according to Schwartz .
The Microsoft duo , then its CEO and president , had flown to Silicon Valley to meet with Sun 's executive team .
" As we sat down in our Menlo Park conference room , Bill skipped the small talk and went straight to the point , ' Microsoft owns the office productivity market , and our patents read all over OpenOffice , ' " Schwartz writes .
OpenOffice is the open - source productivity suite that Sun backed heavily as an alternative to Microsoft Office .
" Bill was delivering a slightly more sophisticated variant of the threat Steve had made , but he had a different solution in mind , " Schwartz writes .
Gates offered
Sun a patent license .
" That was code for ' We 'll go away if you pay us a royalty for every download ' -- the digital version of a protection racket . "
Schwartz says he responded by asserting that Microsoft 's .
Net development platform was a rip - off of Java .
" It was a short meeting , " he says .
Microsoft declined to comment on the post and Apple did n't respond to an e-mail message .
The former Sun chief had been keeping a low profile since Oracle announced its plans to buy Sun almost a year ago .
But he is apparently determined to tell his side of the story concerning Sun 's demise , a collapse that some attributed to the waning Unix market and others blamed on decisions by Schwartz himself .
While Tuesday 's post is more of an inside look at how corporations wield patents , it seems future posts will start to retell the story of Sun .
" I think I 've said pretty much everything I could say as CEO of Sun Microsystems , " Schwartz writes in the " about " section of his blog .
" The more interesting stuff was what I could n't say .
And that 's what this blog ( and maybe a book ) is going to be about . "
" Make that ' definitely ' a book , " said 451 Group analyst China Martens .
After a couple of weeks of full - blown speckled trout action — OK , not every day , but most days — there ’s usually a hiccup in catches when the spring inshore shrimp season begins because there are more boats on the water .
Jordan Verner is blind .
And he posted a few videos of himself playing through parts of The Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time on Youtube .
But he wanted more , he wanted to beat the whole game .
Thankfully , Roy Williams saw his videos .
Through Skype , Jordan said he asked for help in completing the entire game -- help that he did n't seriously expect .
So Williams and thee other diehard gamers each took different parts and copied down every single move .
" Every time we make a move , we roll , jump , do anything , we type down on the computer exactly what we 're doing , " said Williams .
Verner would then take the script and have his computer read it to him as he played .
An average gamer will take about a week to play through the entire thing , but this project took almost 2 years and more than 100,000 keystrokes .
Finally , Jordan beat the entire thing .
" I felt great , " said Jordan .
" I felt strong .
I felt like the sky 's the limit . "
" Our school 's motto -- and I live by it -- is the impossible is only the untried , " said Jordan .
First of all , HOW THE F*** DID YOU GET PAST THE WATER TEMPLE ?!
And secondly , is that not the most beautiful thing you 've ever heard ?
Because it is to me and I 've heard angels sing ' Alice 's Restaurant ' with full orchestration and five - part harmony and stuff like that .
Hit the jump for a worthwhile video news report about the project .
Camden man 's project helps blind man beat video game [ wistv ]
Thanks to Nick , who made fun of me for taking so long on the Water Temple .
Shut up I lose my sense of direction underwater , okay !?
Pleased , or apologetic , to present a very rare piece of newsprint from our hysterical past .
Here 's the front cover :
Click the panel for the next page
Looks like you ’ll be able to enjoy Conan ’s upcoming summer tour … without forking over a hundred bucks .
Deadline ’s Mike Fleming is reporting that Conan O’Brien ’s upcoming 30 - city live comedy and musical revue tour — called “ The Legally Prohibited From Being Funny on Television Tour ” — may be filmed for a documentary feature .
Media Rights Capital has initiated talks about financing the project , with the awesomely named Rodman Flender ( Ugly Betty , The O.C. ) rumored as the director .
The film would apparently not violate the terms of O’Brien ’s agreement with NBC signed when his Tonight Show was pulled from the air .
[ Deadline ]
" We use the epub format :
It is the most popular open book format in the world . "
That 's how Steve Jobs announced the iPad .
And wow , that sounds like all the ebooks you own will just work on anything .
Um , no .
Advertisement
The idea of an open ebook format that works on any reader sounds nice .
Buy it from any source , read it on any device .
In a few cases , it 's true , and that open format thing can work for you .
But , in reality , right now ?
You 're pretty much going to be stuck reading books you buy for one device or ecosystem in that same little puddle , thanks to DRM .
And well , Amazon .
The Hardware
Okay , so the easiest way to put this in perspective is to quickly list what formats the major ebook readers support .
( Why these four ?
Well , they 're the ones due to sell over 2 million units this year , except for Barnes & Noble 's , which we 're including as a direct contrast to Kindle just because . )
Advertisement
• Amazon Kindle : Kindle ( AZW , TPZ ) , TXT , MOBI , PRC and PDF natively ; HTML and DOC through conversion
• Apple iPad : EPUB , PDF , HTML , DOC ( plus iPad Apps , which could include Kindle and Barnes & Noble readers )
• Barnes & Noble Nook : EPUB , PDB , PDF
• Sony Reader : EPUB , PDF , TXT , RTF ; DOC through conversion
You 'll notice a pattern there : Everybody ( except for Amazon ) supports EPUB as their primary ebook format .
Turns out , there 's a good reason for that .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
EPUB , the MP3 of Book Publishing
The reason just about every ebook uses EPUB is because the vast majority of the publishing industry has decided that EPUB is the industry standard file format for ebooks .
It 's a free and open standard , based on open specifications .
The successor to Open eBook , it 's maintained by the International Digital Publishing Forum , which has a pretty lengthy list of members , both of the dead - tree persuasion ( HarperCollins and McGraw Hill ) and of the technological kind ( Adobe and HP ) .
Google 's million - book library is all in EPUB too .
Advertisement
It 's based on XML — extensible markup language — which you see all over the place , from RSS to Microsoft Office , ' cause it lays out rules for storing information .
And it 's actually made up of a three open components : Open Publication Structure basically is about the formatting , how it looks ; Open Packaging Format is how it 's tied together using navigation and metadata ; and Open Container Format is a zip - based container format for the file , where you get the .epub file extension .
When you toss those three components together , you have the EPUB ebook format .
While we 've only see EPUB on black - and - white e-ink - based readers so far , like Sony 's Readers or the B&N Nook , the capabilities of the file format go way " beyond those types of things , " says Nick Bogaty , Adobe 's senior development manager for digital publishing .
Unlike PDF , which is a fixed page , EPUB provides reflowable text , a page layout that can adjust itself to a device 's screen - size .
With EPUB , content producers can use cascading style sheets , embedded fonts , and yes , embed multimedia files like color images , SVG graphics , interactive elements , even full video — the kind of stuff Steve promised in the iPad keynote .
So , we have n't seen the full extent of EPUB 's capabilities , and wo n't , until at least April 3 and presumably much later .
Even if the books you buy from Apple iBook store worked on other devices — and as you will soon see , there 's little chance of that — do n't count on the coolest stuff , like video , to be somehow compatible with current - generation black - and - white e-ink readers .
Advertisement
But let 's not get too excited seeing the words " free " and " open " so much in conjunction with EPUB .
It 's like MP3 or AAC , and not only because it 's become a semi-universal industry standard .
Make no mistake , these files can be totally unencrypted and unmanaged , or they can be wrapped up in any kind of digital rights management a distributor wants .
Advertisement
So far , according to Bogaty , the DRM every EPUB distributor currently uses is Adobe Content Server , which conveniently also wraps around PDF files .
Sony and Barnes & Noble both use it on their readers , though since Adobe 's DRM does n't allow for sharing books between accounts , B&N actually uses a slightly custom version , and manages the Nook 's lending feature using their own backend .
( Adobe is working on a sharing provision . )
It does , however , support expiration , which is how Sony 's vaunted library lending feature works .
The plus side of all this compatability that it 's actually possible to move files from a Sony Reader to a Nook , using Adobe Digital Editions to authorize the transfer .
( Though according to some reviewers , that would be like moving pelts from a dead horse to a rotting bear . )
Advertisement
Apple , on the other hand , chose EPUB as the preferred file format , but will be wrapping DRM'd files from its iBooks Store in the FairPlay DRM , which is used to protect movies and apps ( and formerly music ) in the iTunes Store .
As always , expect them to be the only company using it .
( There 's a precursor to EPUB 's dilemma : Audible downloads .
You can buy Audible audiobooks from an enormous number of sources , but the ones you buy from iTunes are n't going to play on any other Audible - capable device , no matter how many logos they slap on the box . )
Advertisement
You may be thinking that it 's just a matter of time before ebook stores all go DRM free .
That would be wishful thinking at best .
While ebooks might seem a lot like digital music circa 2005 , you can't rip a book , so the only way to get a bestseller on your reader is to buy it legally , or to steal it .
It 's pretty much that simple .
There will be free books , there will be unencrypted books , and the torrents will rage with bestsellers ( as they already do ) .
Still , DRM 's gonna be a hard fact of life with every major bookstore , since they 're going to at least try to keep you from stealing it .
You do n't see Hollywood giving up DRM , do you ?
Advertisement
Kindle , Barnes & Noble , and How The Dead PDA Business Affects the Live Ebook War
Did you know that Amazon owns Mobipocket , which mainly targeted ebooks for PDAs and smartphones , and had its own file format that with roots in the PalmDOC format ?
The Mobipocket format , consequently , has two extensions : .mobi and .prc .
I bring it up , not because you should care about Mobipocket — you really should n't — but because the Kindle 's preferred AZW format is actually a very slightly modified version of MOBI , which is why it 's easy to convert files from one format to the other .
Unprotected AZW files can be renamed to the MOBI or PRC format and simply work with MobiPocket readers .
Advertisement
The problem with Mobipocket is that it's not a very capable format , since it was originally designed for ancient - ass PDAs and all .
So there 's another special Amazon format that 's a little more mysterious , called Topaz , which is more capable than MOBI , with powers like the ability to have embedded fonts .
It 's used for fewer books , and carries the file suffix .tpz or .azw1 .
For what it 's worth , some people complain books in the Topaz format are less responsive than the standard AZW files .
In truth , none of this may matter if and when the Super Kindle arrives .
Advertisement
In terms of DRM , Amazon uses its own DRM on both formats .
Both have been cracked , though it apparently took longer with Topaz .
This may be good news for pirates , but matters not at all from a cross - platform point of view , since that format is completely proprietary , and nothing but the Kindle or Kindle software will read it anyway .
But the old PDA legacy crap does n't stop with Amazon .
Palm once owned its own ebook platform , which it sold to a company who called it eReader .
Eventually , the format and the software platform came to be owned by Barnes & Noble .
I 'm only dragging you into this because Barnes & Noble actually still sells many books in this format , even while they transition to the more popular and " open " EPUB format .
You can spot an eReader format because the file ends in .pdb — but you only see that after you bought the damn thing .
That is to say , even if you care enough about formats to go with the reader that supports the one you like , you still might get stuck with a limited , if not completely proprietary , stack of books .
Advertisement
PDF , I Still Love You
In comparison to EPUB , PDF is simple .
Developed over 15 years ago by Adobe , the portable document format has been an open standard since 2008 .
You 're probably pretty damn familiar with it , but the main thing about it versus these other formats is that everything is fixed — fonts , graphics , text , etc . — so it looks the same everywhere , versus the reflowable format that adjusts to the screen size .
Hence , Amazon offers PDF without zoom on its Kindle DX , which has the screen real estate to ( usually ) not muck it up too much .
With smaller screens than the PDF 's native size , it requires some pan-and - zoom voodoo , and it still usually looks pretty disgusting .
Advertisement
Zoom issues notwithstanding , having a fixed format has advantages .
For instance , a lot of " electronic newspapers " were transmitted via PDF back in the day , because it retained their design .
It 's really nice for comics .
( Consequently , you can bet scanned - comic piracy to explode when the iPad arrives , unless Marvel and DC come up with killer strategies to get their comics on a device that 's clearly begging for it . )
Wikipedia covers a lot of the technical ground , surprisingly thoroughly , even if the usual Wiki caveats apply .
As mentioned above , it can be protected with Adobe Content Server DRM , just like EPUB .
Click to view
The Great Shiny Hope : Apps
The other path for digital publishers : Build an app to hold your books and magazines .
This is the route magazines are taking , because they 're envisioning some fancy digital jujitsu .
With Adobe AIR , which is what Wired and the NYT are using in various incarnations for their respective rags , they 're able to do more advanced layouts , more rich multimedia , Flash craziness , and other designer bling that EPUB can't handle , says Adobe 's Bogarty .
Also , importantly you can dynamically update content , like when new issues arrive , which you can't really do with EPUB .
Advertisement
Interestingly , the publisher Penguin is also taking the app route for their books , building apps using web technologies like HTML5 for the iPad , so their books are in fact , way more like games and applications than mere books .
So it 's another tack publishers could take .
Advertisement
But the app business can help with the openness of the big ebook file formats , too .
Many people read Amazon 's proprietary formats on their iPhone , because Amazon wants to sell books , and Apple wants people to use apps .
Barnes & Noble has a reader app , too ; while not great , it at least somewhat helps get over the PDB / EPUB confusion .
It 's pretty likely that these and many other ebook apps will turn up on the iPad , unless Jobs decides that they " duplicate " his " functionality . "
Since iBooks itself is an app you have to download , it probably wo n't be an issue .
Here 's hoping .
The Upshot
The idea of an open ebook format that works on any reader sounds really nice .
And in some cases , if you pay really really close attention , it 's true .
That open format thing actually can work for you .
But the reality ?
You 're pretty much going to be stuck with the books you buy in one device working only in that same ecosystem , or at least hoping and praying for an assortment of proprietary reader apps to appear on all your devices .
Now , where 'd I put that copy of Infinite Jest ?
Was it in my Kindle library , my B &N library or my iBooks library ?
Advertisement
Still something you wanna know ?
Send questions about ebooks , bookies or horse heads here with " Giz Explains " in the subject line .
An offer of $ 600 from Reader ’s Digest to reproduce one of his stories elicited the following response from Ernest Hemingway in November of 1952 .
Just two months previous , on September 1st , a week prior to its release in book - form , Hemingway ’s The Old Man and the Sea was published in its entirety in LIFE Magazine , and over the course of the next two days five million copies of the publication were snapped up by an adoring readership .
Professional reviews were also overwhelmingly positive and served to revive Hemingway ’s reputation ; the novella later winning the Pulitzer Prize and proving instrumental in Hemingway ’s subsequent Nobel Prize in Literature .
Little wonder then , that he was n’t tempted by Miss Johnson ’s proposal .
Transcript follows .
Transcript
FINCA VIGIA , SAN FRANCISCO DE PAULA , CUBA
November 5 1952
Dear Miss Johnson :
I am very sorry that I cannot give you permission to re-publish “ On the Blue Water , ” which first appeared in the April 1936 issue of Esquire .
There is one book by me about the sea on sale at present and have no wish to saturate the public .
For your future information I would never be interested in re-printing anything , ever , anywhere , for the fee you name .
With best wishes ,
Yours very truly ,
( Signed , ‘ Ernest Hemingway ’ )
We offered $ 600
Story killed
' The Pentagon is spying on us , ' claims whistleblower website WikiLeaks after leaking top secret documents
The Pentagon has been accused of spying on a whistleblower website that specialises in leaking top secret documents .
The US Army has already deemed WikiLeaks a security threat to military operations .
That much is known because the online muckrakers posted the classified 2008 report from the Army Counterintelligence Center on its own site earlier this month .
The report also called for an investigation into WikiLeaks to track down moles and demanded prosecutions to scare potential informants from contacting the rogue organisation .
The Pentagon : U.S. security officials are investigating Wikileaks , according to a flurry of Tweets from the whistleblower website
But now WikiLeaks - which won Amnesty International ’s new media award last year - has issued a flurry of Tweets claiming its editors are already being investigated .
Judging from the messages , the site believes the probe is linked to its plan to make public unencrypted footage of an air strike in Afghanistan on May 7 last year that killed 97 civilians .
WikiLeaks :
Tweeted claims its editors are already being investigated
The Pentagon reportedly planned to release the video , but back - pedalled after it allegedly turned out to be more incriminating than at first thought .
WikiLeaks has promised to reveal a ‘ Pentagon Murder Cover - up ’ at the National Press Club in Washington on April 5 , although it has n’t offered any further information about the event .
The most recent WikiLeaks Tweets , in chronological order , read :
WikiLeaks is currently under an aggressive US and Icelandic surveillance operation .
Following / photographing / filming / detaining .
If anything happens to us , you know why : it is our Apr 5 film .
And you know who is responsible .
Two under State Dep diplomatic cover followed our editor from Iceland to http://skup.no on Thursday .
One related person was detained for 22 hours .
Computer ’s seized .
That ’s http://www.skup.no
We know our possession of the decrypted airstrike video is now being discussed at the highest levels of US command .
If you know more about the operations against us , contact https://secure.wikileaks.org/
We have been shown secret photos of our production meetings and been asked specific questions during detention related to the airstrike .
We have airline records of the State Dep / CIA tails .
Do n’t think you can get away with it .
You cannot .
This is WikiLeaks .
To those worrying about us – we ’re fine , and will issue a suitable riposte shortly . ’
The Icelandic link is thought to involve WikiLeaks involvement in helping to draft legislation that would help make the country a safe haven for investigative journalists by passing the strongest combination of source protection , freedom of speech and libel tourism protection laws in the world .
The site , run by a nine - person board , aims to expose corruption and wrongdoing in the public and private sector by providing the opportunity for people to leak documents without giving themselves away .
Documents WikiLeak have leaked in the past include emails hacked from former Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin ’s private account , pager messages from 9/11 , controversial emails from climate change scientists and operating guidelines for Guantanamo Bay .
Leaks that might have particularly infuriated the US Defence Department included the site ’s publication in 2007 of almost the entire order of battle for American forces in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Governments like North Korea and Thailand have also tried to prevent access to the non-profit site , claiming it was revealing information criticising their policies .
The Defence Department had no comment last night .
Years later , the extraordinary cost of the 1980s S&L crisis still astounds many taxpayers , depositors , and policymakers .
The cost of bailing out the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation ( FSLIC ) , which insured the deposits in failed S&Ls , may eventually exceed $ 160 billion .
At the end of 2004 , the direct cost of the S&L crisis to taxpayers was $ 124 billion , according to financial statements published by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) , the successor to the FSLIC .
Additionally , healthy S&Ls as well as commercial banks have been taxed approximately another $ 30 billion to pay for S&L cleanup costs .
Finally , the federal courts are still resolving the so - called goodwill cases stemming from regulatorily inspired mergers of failing S&Ls into healthy S&Ls in the early 1980s ( discussed below ) .
Resolving these cases will probably cost taxpayers another $ 5 – $ 10 billion .
The bankruptcy of the FSLIC did not occur overnight ; the FSLIC was a disaster waiting to happen for many years .
Numerous public policies , some dating back to the 1930s , created the disaster .
Some policies were well intended but misguided .
Others had lost whatever historical justification they might once have had .
Yet others were desperate attempts to postpone addressing a rapidly worsening situation .
All of these policies , however , greatly compounded the S&L problem and made its eventual resolution more difficult and much more expensive .
When disaster finally hit the S&L industry in 1980 , the federal government managed it very badly .
Fifteen public policies that contributed to the S&L debacle are summarized below .
Public Policy Causes with Roots Before 1980
Federal deposit insurance , which was extended to S&Ls in 1934 , was the root cause of the S&L crisis .
Deposit insurance was actuarially unsound from its inception , primarily because all S&Ls were charged the same Insurance premium rate regardless of how safe or risky they were .
That is , deposit insurance provided by the federal government tolerated the unsound financial structure of S&Ls for decades .
No sound insurance program would have done that .
Congress tried to rectify this problem in 1991 when it directed the FDIC to begin charging risk - sensitive deposit - insurance premiums .
However , because those who should pay the most would scream the loudest to Congress , the FDIC ’s premium structure still does not charge the riskiest banks and S&Ls enough .
Much of the time , the “ drunk drivers ” of the S&L and banking world pay no more for their deposit insurance than do their sober siblings .
Those who do pay more still do not pay enough .
Borrowing short to lend long was the financial structure that federal policy effectively forced S&Ls to follow in the aftermath of the Great Depression .
S&Ls used short - term passbook savings to fund long - term , fixed - rate home mortgages .
Although the long - term , fixed - rate mortgage may have been an admirable public - policy objective , the federal government picked the wrong horse — the S&L industry — to do this type of lending because S&Ls funded themselves primarily with short - term deposits .
The dangers inherent in this “ maturity mismatching ” became evident every time short - term interest rates rose .
S&Ls , stuck with long - term loans at fixed rates , often had to pay more to their depositors than they were making on their mortgages .
In 1981 and 1982 the interest rate spreads for S&Ls ( the difference between the average interest rate on their mortgage portfolios and their average cost of funds ) were − 1.0 percent and −0.7 percent , respectively .
Regulation Q , under which the Federal Reserve since 1933 had limited the interest rates banks could pay on their deposits , was extended to S&Ls in 1966 .
Regulation Q was price fixing , and like most efforts to fix prices ( see price controls ) , Regulation Q caused distortions far more costly than any benefits it may have delivered .
Regulation Q created a cross subsidy , passed from saver to home buyer , that allowed S&Ls to hold down their interest costs and thereby continue to earn , for a few more years , an apparently adequate interest margin on the fixed - rate mortgages they had made ten or twenty years earlier .
Thus , the extension of Regulation Q to S&Ls was a watershed event in the S&L crisis : it perpetuated S&L maturity mismatching for another fifteen years , until it was phased out after disaster struck the industry in 1980 .
A remnant of Regulation Q remains — banks are still barred from paying interest on business checking accounts .
Interest rate restrictions locked S&Ls into below - market rates on many mortgages whenever interest rates rose .
State - imposed usury laws limited the rate lenders could charge on home mortgages until Congress banned states from imposing this ceiling in 1980 .
In addition to interest rate ceilings on mortgages , the due - on - sale clause in mortgage contracts was not uniformly enforceable until 1982 .
Before , borrowers could transfer their lower - interest - rate mortgages to new homeowners when property was sold .
A federal ban on adjustable - rate mortgages until 1981 further magnified the problem of S&L maturity mismatching by not allowing S&Ls to issue mortgages on which interest rates could be adjusted during times of rising interest rates .
As mentioned above , during periods of high interest rates , S&Ls , limited to making long - term , fixed - rate mortgages , earned less interest on their loans than they paid on their deposits .
Restrictions on setting up branches and a restriction on nationwide banking prevented S&Ls , and banks as well , from expanding across state lines .
S&Ls , unable to diversify their credit risks geographically , became badly exposed to regional economic downturns that reduced the value of their real estate collateral .
In the 1980s , S&Ls began branching across state lines ; in 1994 , Congress authorized interstate branching for banks .
The dual chartering system permitted state - regulated S&Ls to be protected by federal deposit insurance .
Therefore , state chartering and supervision could impose losses on the federal taxpayer if the state regulations became too permissive or if state regulators were too lax .
The secondary mortgage market agencies created by the federal government — Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac—undercut S&L profits by using their taxpayer backing to effectively lower interest rates on all mortgages .
This helped home buyers , but the resulting lower rates made S&L maturity mismatching even more dangerous , especially as interest rates became more volatile after 1966 .
Public Policy Causes That Began in the 1980s
Disaster struck after Paul Volcker , then chairman of the Federal Reserve Board , decided in October 1979 to restrict the growth of the money supply , which in turn caused interest rates to skyrocket .
Between June 1979 and March 1980 short - term interest rates rose by more than six percentage points , from 9.06 percent to 15.2 percent .
In 1981 and 1982 combined , the S&L industry collectively reported almost $ 9 billion in losses .
Worse , in mid-1982 all S&Ls combined had a negative net worth , valuing their mortgages on a market - value basis , of $ 100 billion , an amount equal to 15 percent of the industry ’s liabilities .
Specific policy failures during the 1980s are examined below .
An incomplete and bungled deregulation of S&Ls in 1980 and 1982 lifted restrictions on the kinds of investments S&Ls could make .
In 1980 and again in 1982 , Congress and the regulators granted S&Ls the power to invest directly in service corporations , permitted them to make real estate loans without regard to the geographical location of the loan , and authorized them to hold up to 40 percent of their assets as commercial real estate loans .
Congress and the Reagan administration naïvely hoped that if S&Ls made higher - yielding , but riskier , investments , they would make more money to offset the long - term damage caused by fixed - rate mortgages .
However , the 1980 and 1982 legislation did not change how premiums were set for federal deposit insurance .
Riskier S&Ls still were not charged higher rates for deposit insurance than their prudent siblings .
As a result , deregulation encouraged increased risk taking by S&Ls .
Capital standards were debased in the early 1980s in an extremely unwise attempt to hide the economic insolvency of many S&Ls .
The Federal Home Loan Bank Board ( FHLBB ) , the now - defunct regulator of S&Ls , authorized accounting gimmicks that violated generally accepted accounting principles .
In one of the most flagrant gimmicks , firms that acquired S&Ls were allowed to count as goodwill the difference between the market value of assets acquired and the value of liabilities assumed .
If a firm acquired an S&L with assets whose market value was five billion dollars and whose liabilities were six billion , for example , the one - billion - dollar difference was counted as goodwill , and the goodwill was then counted as capital .
This “ push - down ” accounting — losses were pushed down the balance sheet into the category of goodwill — and other accounting gimmicks permitted S&Ls to operate with less and less real capital .
Thus just as S&Ls , encouraged by deregulation , took on more risk , they had a smaller capital cushion to fall back on and , therefore , less to lose by making bad decisions .
Inept supervision and the permissive attitude of the FHLBB during the 1980s allowed badly managed and insolvent S&Ls to continue operating .
In particular , the FHLBB eliminated maximum limits on loan - to - value ratios for S&Ls in 1983 .
Thus , where an S&L had been limited to lending no more than 75 percent of the appraised value of a home , after 1983 it could lend as much as 100 percent of the appraised value .
The FHLBB also permitted excessive lending to any one borrower .
These powers encouraged unscrupulous real estate developers and others who were unfamiliar with the banking business to acquire and then rapidly grow their S&Ls into insolvency .
When the borrower and the lender are the same person , a conflict of interest develops .
Also , because developers , by nature , are optimists , they lack the necessary counterbalancing conservatism of bankers .
Delayed closure of insolvent S&Ls greatly compounded the FSLIC ’s losses by postponing the burial of already dead S&Ls .
Figure 1 shows how losses in insolvent S&Ls grew during the 1980s as the closure of insolvent S&Ls was delayed .
Mid-1983 would have been the optimum time to close hopelessly insolvent S&Ls .
Instead , Congress chose to put off the eventual day of reckoning , which only compounded the problem .
Over half of these losses reflect the pure cost of delayed closures — compound interest on already incurred losses .
The rest of the cost , except for the part that went to owners of S&Ls , represents the waste of real resources — building unneeded shopping centers and office buildings and keeping open S&L branches that should have been closed .
However , there would have been little , if any , of this real waste if all of the then - insolvent S&Ls had been closed by mid-1983 ; they would not have been around to make all the bad loans they made after 1983 or to incur wasteful operating expenses .
Figure 1 FSLIC / Resolution Trust Corporation ’s Accumulation of Losses During the 1980s and Early 1990s ( quarterly estimates - June 30 , 1980 , to June 30 , 1992 )
ZOOM
Lack of truthfulness in quantifying the FSLIC ’s problems hid from the general public the size of the FSLIC ’s losses .
Neither the FHLBB nor the General Accounting Office ( GAO ) , now called the Government Accountability Office , provided realistic cost estimates of the problem as it was growing .
On May 19 , 1988 , for example , Frederick Wolf of the GAO testified that the FSLIC bailout would cost thirty to thirty - five billion dollars .
Over the next eight months , the GAO increased its estimate by forty - six billion dollars .
Congressional and administration delay and inaction , due to an unwillingness to confront the true size of the S&L mess and anger politically influential S&Ls , prevented appropriate action from being taken once the S&L problem was identified .
The 1987 FSLIC recapitalization bill provided just $ 10.8 billion for the cleanup , even though it was clear at the time that much more — possibly as much as $ 40 billion — was needed .
The first serious attempt at cleaning up the FSLIC mess did not come until Congress enacted the Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery , and Enforcement Act of 1989 ( FIRREA ) .
Even FIRREA , however , did not provide sufficient funds to completely clean up the S&L mess .
Eventually , in fits and starts , Congress did appropriate sufficient funds to finish the job .
Flip - flops on real estate taxation first stimulated an overbuilding of commercial real estate in the early 1980s and then accentuated the real estate bust when depreciation and “ passive loss ” rules were tightened in 1986 .
The flip - flop had a double whammy effect : the 1981 tax law caused too much real estate to be built , and the 1986 act then hurt the value of much of what had been built .
What Did Not Cause the S&L Disaster
Some highly publicized factors in the S&L debacle — criminality , a higher deposit - insurance limit , brokered deposits , and faulty audits of S&Ls — did not cause the mess .
Instead , these factors are symptoms or consequences of it .
Crooks certainly stole money from many insolvent S&Ls .
However , criminality costs the taxpayer money only when it occurs in an already insolvent S&L that the regulators had failed to close when it became insolvent .
Delayed closure is the cause of the problem , and criminality is a consequence .
In any event , criminality accounted for only five billion dollars , or 3 percent , of the cost of the FSLIC bailout .
Raising the deposit - insurance limit in 1980 from $ 40,000 to $ 100,000 did not cause S&Ls to go haywire , but it did make it slightly easier to funnel money into insolvent S&Ls .
Put another way , had the deposit - insurance limit been kept at $ 40,000 , a depositor intent on putting $ 200,000 of insured funds into insolvent S&Ls paying high interest rates would have had to deposit his money , in $ 40,000 chunks , into five different S&Ls .
Because of the higher limit , two $ 100,000 deposits would keep the $ 200,000 fully insured .
Brokered deposits became an important source of deposits for many S&Ls in the 1980s .
Brokered deposits allowed brokerage houses and deposit brokers to divide billions of dollars in customers ’ funds into $ 100,000 pieces , search the country for the highest rates being paid by S&Ls , and deposit those pieces into different S&Ls .
Brokered deposits , though , were the regulators ’ best friend because this “ hot money , ” always chasing high interest rates , kept insolvent S&Ls liquid , enabling regulators to delay closing these S&Ls .
Regulators , therefore , were the true abusers of brokered deposits .
Only in this regard did brokered deposits contribute to the S&L crisis .
In the years since then , brokered deposits have become an acceptable funding source for banks and S&Ls since only sound institutions can now accept brokered deposits .
Certified public accountants ( CPAs ) have been blamed for not detecting failing S&Ls and reporting them to the regulators .
However , CPAs were hired by S&Ls to audit their financial statements , not to backstop the regulators .
Federal and state S&L examiners , working for the taxpayer , were supposed to be fully capable of detecting problems , and often did .
Interestingly , CPA audit reports often disclosed financial problems in S&Ls , including regulatory accounting practices that were at odds with generally accepted accounting principles .
The regulators , however , usually failed to act on those findings .
The CPAs were scapegoats for known problems the regulators should have quickly acted on .
Junk - bond investments by S&Ls were often cited in the press and by politicians as a major contributor to the industry ’s problems .
In fact , junk bonds played a trivial role .
( junk bonds are securities issued by companies whose credit rating is below “ investment grade . ” )
A GAO report issued just five months before the passage of FIRREA cited a study by a reputable research group that showed junk bonds to be the second most profitable asset ( after credit cards ) that S&Ls held in the 1980s .
The report also pointed out that only 5 percent of S&Ls owned any junk bonds at all .
Total junk - bond holdings of all S&Ls amounted to only 1.2 percent of their total financial assets .
Even so , Congress mandated in FIRREA that all S&Ls sell their junk - bond investments — which they did , often at a significant loss .
The Future of S&Ls
In 1989 , Congress started knocking down the barriers separating commercial banks from S&Ls .
Since then , much of the S&L industry has been absorbed into the broader banking industry , through outright mergers as well as bank holding company acquisitions of S&Ls .
Statutory and regulatory changes have largely , but not completely , eliminated differences between bank and S&L charters .
For all practical purposes , both types of institutions operate today under the same regulatory regime .
Yet at the end of 2004 , 886 S&Ls remained , with total assets of $ 1.35 trillion .
While many of the largest S&Ls are now owned by bank holding companies , two independent S&Ls — Washington Mutual Bank and World Savings Bank — each had more than $ 100 billion of assets while numerous other independent S&Ls had assets exceeding $ 1 billion .
The number of S&Ls most likely will continue to decline , but it may be many years before they disappear completely .
Whether or not S&Ls do disappear is no longer a public - policy concern because they now are so similar to banks .
About the Author Bert Ely is head of Ely and Company , a financial institutions and monetary policy consulting firm in Alexandria , Virginia .
He was one of the first people to publicly predict FSLIC ’s bankruptcy .
They are certainly not stupid .
And they are certainly not ignorant either .
I know that the ones I 'm complaining about are smarter than me , and more knowledgeable than me .
And that includes economics smarts and knowledge .
Some of them make me feel totally inadequate on a daily basis ( I read their blogs daily ) .
Some of my best friends are microeconomists .
But they just do n't get macro !
I 'm talking about money wages and employment .
I can't be bothered to link to the posts I 'm complaining about .
And I can't be bothered to go through those posts and explain why their reasoning is wrong .
Others have done this , and have failed .
Or at least , have failed to make any impression on the ' microeconomic miscreants ' .
They seem to be preaching to the choir ; and the choir is composed of macroeconomists .
I want to try a different tack .
I 'm not going to try to show that they are wrong .
I want to try to understand why they keep going wrong .
But I 'm not altogether sure why they keep going wrong .
I have three theories , and am going to run through each in turn .
Actually , I think we probably need all three theories to explain why microeconomists are just so confused about macro .
Just to set the microeconomic scene : draw demand and supply curves for labour .
Suppose wages are above the equilibrium , so there 's an excess supply of labour .
Cut wages , and you move along the demand curve for labour , and employment expands .
Or does it ?
1 . They do n't understand that macroeconomic demand ( and supply ) curves are fundamentally different from microeconomic demand ( and supply ) curves .
Why do demand curves slope down ?
The microeconomist answers : income and substitution effects .
Let 's take them in turn .
If I cut the price of apples , holding money incomes constant , holding all other prices constant , then consumers are better off in real terms .
They can afford to buy more goods , and if apples are a normal good , they will spend some of their increased real income on buying more apples .
This " income effect " is total rubbish in macroeconomics .
If there are 100 apples sold , and I cut the price of apples by $ 1 , then consumers of apples are $ 100 richer .
But producers of apples are $ 100 poorer .
No effect on aggregate real income .
Sure , there might be distribution effects , but distribution effects are the last refuge of a .... person who can't think up a better argument .
And , if apples were the only good produced in the economy ( as they would be if this were macroeconomic analysis ) , then it 's even worse rubbish .
What 's on the horizontal axis of the supply and demand curve graph ?
Real income is the quantity of apples .
It 's GDP !
And money income is the price of apples times the quantity of apples .
It 's what 's on the vertical axis times what 's on the horizontal axis .
It 's logical nonsense to draw a demand curve for apples holding money income constant , unless you draw a rectangular hyperbola demand curve for apples .
OK .
What about the substitution effect ?
A fall in the price of apples , relative to the price of other goods , means consumers will substitute away from other goods and into consuming more apples .
That makes sense in micro , where we draw the demand curve of apples holding the prices of other goods constant .
But in macro , where the price of all goods is on the vertical axis , it does n't make any sense at all .
If the prices of all goods fall , what are they substituting away from ?
And why ?
2 . They do n't understand the difference between a notional and constrained ( effective ) demand for labour .
Here 's the simplest way to derive a labour demand curve for macro .
Write down a short run production function Y= F ( L ) showing output as a function of employment , holding land , capital , and technology constant .
Assume positive but diminishing marginal product of labour : F '( L ) > 0 , F " ( L ) < 0 .
Assume competitive firms maximise profits taking money wages W and prices P as given .
The first order condition is that the marginal product of labour demanded equals the real wage : F'( Ld ) = W/P.
That looks like a nice downward - sloping labour demand curve with the real wage on the vertical axis .
But it is n't .
It 's only a " notional " labour demand curve .
It only tells us how much labour a firm will want to hire if the firm is able to sell as much output as it wants .
But if there 's excess supply in the output market , firms wo n't be able to sell as much output as they want .
They can only sell the quantity demanded , Yd .
That 's an additional constraint on the firm 's maximisation problem .
If that constraint is binding , the solution to the firm 's maximisation problem is Yd= F( Ld ) : hire as much labour as is needed to produce the output demanded .
W/P does not appear in that " constrained " ( effective ) labour demand function .
For a given
Yd , the labour demand curve is vertical .
Let 's simplify the whole thing .
Forget about diminishing marginal product .
Make the production function Y=L .
One worker produces one apple .
Output and employment are the same , and are the same as real income .
The notional labour demand curve is a horizontal line , because the marginal product of labour is one , at all levels of employment .
Forget about firms .
All workers are self - employed apple - growers .
Their money wage and their price of apples are the same thing .
The real wage is one .
How can there possibly be an excess supply of labour in such a world ?
If one worker tried to sell his apples for a higher price than the other workers , he might be unemployed .
Nobody would want his apples .
But then there would be an excess demand for other workers ' apples , and an excess demand for their labour .
There is no way the labour market / apple market as a whole could be in excess supply , because on average , the price of apples must equal the average price of apples , duh !
Which brings me to :
3 . They do n't understand monetary exchange .
This is the really important thing they do n't understand .
Walrasian general equilibrium theory ignores monetary exchange .
If there are n goods ( n varieties of apple ) , then each person submits a list of demands or supplies for the n goods to the Walrasian auctioneer .
That list has to conform to the person 's budget constraint , which means that the values of goods demanded has to equal the values of goods supplied ( Walras ' Law ) .
The income from the goods they want to sell must be sufficient to buy the goods they want to sell .
All goods are bought and sold in one big market .
But macroeconomists assume monetary exchange instead ( though some of them may not realise it , I admit ) .
If all apples were identical , there would be no need for trade .
Each worker would eat his own apples .
No worker could be unemployed ; he could just grow as many apples as he wanted to eat , and eat his own apples .
Even if apples came in different varieties , or there were a tabu against workers eating their own apples , if barter were easy there could never be unemployment .
The unemployed workers could all just get together and swap all the apples they wanted to produce and sell .
In barter , a supply of apples is a demand for apples .
It is monetary exchange ( or rather , the high transactions costs of barter that make monetary exchange essential ) that is the root of all deficiencies in aggregate demand .
Each worker 's apples are sold in his own private market .
And they are sold for money , the medium of exchange .
To demand apples is to supply money in exchange .
And if people want to hang onto their money , rather than buy apples with it , the demand for apples , and the demand for labour , will be deficient .
A deficiency of aggregate demand has got nothing whatsoever to do with a deficiency of income .
Income is always sufficient .
It 's always the same as goods sold .
A deficiency of aggregate demand is a deficiency of peoples ' willingness to get rid of money .
The " Paradox of Thrift " , and the " Paradox of Toil " , are merely corrupt versions of , or way - stations to , the Paradox of Money .
Each individual can increase his stock of money by buying less ; but in aggregate they fail , but cause unemployment as a side - effect .
The Aggregate Demand curve is a locus of points at which people in aggregate are just willing to hold the stock of money they do hold .
If microeconomists do n't think about monetary exchange they can't think about aggregate demand .
Cuts in wages will improve or worsen unemployment due to deficient aggregate demand if and only if they increase or reduce people 's willingness to get rid of money .
It 's possible to get the mental equivalent of whiplash from the latest medical findings , as risk factors are identified one year and exonerated the next .
According to a panel at the American Association for the Advancement of Science , this is n't a failure of medical research ; it 's a failure of statistics , and one that is becoming more common in fields ranging from genomics to astronomy .
The problem is that our statistical tools for evaluating the probability of error have n't kept pace with our own successes , in the form of our ability to obtain massive data sets and perform multiple tests on them .
Even given a low tolerance for error , the sheer number of tests performed ensures that some of them will produce erroneous results at random .
The panel consisted of Suresh Moolgavkar from the University of Washington , Berkeley 's Juliet P. Shaffer , and Stanley Young from the National Institute of Statistical Sciences .
The three gave talks that partially overlapped , at least when it came to describing the problem , so it 's most informative to tackle the session at once , rather than by speaker .
Why we can't trust most medical studies
Statistical validation of results , as Shaffer described it , simply involves testing the null hypothesis : that the pattern you detect in your data occurs at random .
If you can reject the null hypothesis — and science and medicine have settled on rejecting it when there 's only a five percent or less chance that it occurred at random — then you accept that your actual finding is significant .
The problem now is that we 're rapidly expanding our ability to do tests .
Various speakers pointed to data sources as diverse as gene expression chips and the Sloan Digital Sky Survey , which provide tens of thousands of individual data points to analyze .
At the same time , the growth of computing power has meant that we can ask many questions of these large data sets at once , and each one of these tests increases the prospects than an error will occur in a study ; as Shaffer put it , " every decision increases your error prospects . "
She pointed out that dividing data into subgroups , which can often identify susceptible subpopulations , is also a decision , and increases the chances of a spurious error .
Smaller populations are also more prone to random associations .
In the end , Young noted , by the time you reach 61 tests , there 's a 95 percent chance that you 'll get a significant result at random .
And , let 's face it — researchers want to see a significant result , so there 's a strong , unintentional bias towards trying different tests until something pops out .
Young went on to describe a study , published in JAMA , that was a multiple testing train wreck : exposures to 275 chemicals were considered , 32 health outcomes were tracked , and 10 demographic variables were used as controls .
That was about 8,800 different tests , and as many as 9 million ways of looking at the data once the demographics were considered .
The problem with models
Both Young and Moolgavkar then discussed the challenges of building a statistical model .
Young focused on how the models are intended to help eliminate bias .
Items like demographic information often correlate with risks of specific health outcomes , and researchers need to adjust for those when attempting to identify the residual risk associated with any other factors .
As Young pointed out , however , you 're never going to know all the possible risk factors , so there will always be error that ends up getting lumped in with whatever you 're testing .
Moolgavkar pointed out a different challenge related to building the statistical models : even the same factor can be accounted for using different mathematical means .
The models also make decisions on how best handle things like measuring exposures or health outcomes .
The net result is that two models can be fed an identical dataset , and still produce a different answer .
At this point , Moolgavkar veered into precisely the issues we covered in our recent story on scientific reproducibility : if you do n't have access to the models themselves , you wo n't be able to find out why they produce different answers , and you wo n't fully appreciate the science behind what you 're seeing .
Consequences and solutions
It 's pretty obvious that these factors create a host of potential problems , but Young provided the best measure of where the field stands .
In a survey of the recent literature , he found that 95 percent of the results of observational studies on human health had failed replication when tested using a rigorous , double blind trial .
So , how do we fix this ?
The consensus seems to be that we simply can't rely on the researchers to do it .
As Shaffer noted , experimentalists who produce the raw data want it to generate results , and the statisticians do what they can to help them find them .
The problems with this are well recognized within the statistics community , but they 're loath to engage in the sort of self - criticism that could make a difference .
( The attitude , as Young described it , is " We 're both living in glass houses , we both have bricks . " )
Shaffer described how there were tools ( the " family - wise error rate " ) that were once used for large studies , but they were so stringent that researchers could n't use them and claim much in the way of positive results .
The statistics community started working on developing alternatives about 15 years ago but , despite a few promising ideas , none of them gained significant traction within the community .
Both Moolgavkar and Young argued that the impetus for change had to come from funding agencies and the journals in which the results are published .
These are the only groups that are in a position to force some corrections , such as compelling researchers to share both data sets and the code for statistical models .
Moolgavkar also made a forceful argument that journal editors and reviewers needed to hold studies to a minimal standard of biological plausibility .
Focusing on studies of the health risks posed by particulates , he described studies that indicated the particulates in a city were as harmful as smoking 40 cigarettes daily ; another concluded that particulates had a significant protective effect when it comes to cardiovascular disease .
" Nobody is going to tell you that , for your health , you should go out and run behind a diesel bus , " Moolgavkar said .
" How did this get past the reviewers ? "
But , in the mean time , Shaffer seemed to suggest that we simply have to recognize the problem and communicate it with the public , so that people do n't leap to health conclusions each time a new population study gets published .
Medical researchers recognize the value of replication , and they do n't start writing prescriptions based on the latest gene expression study — they wait for the individual genes to be validated .
As we wait for any sort of reform to arrive , caution , and explaining to the public the reasons for this caution , seems like the best we can do .
Everyone READ THIS PLEASE .
Here 's what 's going on right now : something with the PS3's internal clock has borked in some pre-slim models .
This is not a PSN issue ; it has to do with your PS3's clock .
This clock is NOT related to the OS clock .
It seems to be a leap year bug .
Setting your clock ahead will do nothing .
All PS3s around the world were affected at the exact same time .
Does this affect me ?
- If you have a Slim PS3 , you 're good to go .
Continue playing it as normal .
- If you have a " fat " PS3 , you may be affected .
Some fat PS3s have worked ok , but it seems a good majority have been bugged .
What does this bug mean ?
- If affected , your date and time has been set to a random past date .
This prevents you from signing into PSN , playing any PSN games , or using any DLC .
Your trophies will also not display correctly or be able to sync .
How do I fix it ?
- You can 't .
Even if you do n't sign into PSN , it wo n't help .
This is a hardware issue .
So , what do I do ?
- Wait 24 hours .
Other products that have had similar bugs have corrected themselves after the " bugged " day .
On Monday around 8 pm central time , all PS3s will automatically correct themselves ... maybe .
- If that does n't work , we 'll need a firmware update from Sony , which should be a pretty important priority for them right now .
Did I lose my data / themes / etc ?
Your save data / games / dlc / themes are fine .
They 'll be fixed when the PS3 is fixed .
Trophies are uncertain right now , but they 'll be fine if you 've synced them before the PS3 was bugged .
Unsynced trophies are an unknown right now .
If I have a bugged PS3 , can I still use it ?
It 's probably not a good idea , as I have no idea what will happen to the trophies you earn during the bugged time .
Movies / media will work fine .
So there ya go , my handy FAQ .
The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission has granted Google Energy , a wholly owned subsidiary of the search giant , the right to behave like a utility .
The order grants Google Energy the power to sell energy , capacity and services at market rates .
Why does Google want to do this ?
Right now , the company rakes in billions of dollars from ads and it does n't have to have extensive support desks and remote repair teams – the kind of people - power providers must have on staff – in order to do it .
Selling power is a much more hands - on business .
Google has said it wants to go carbon neutral .
With the FERC order , it can now effectively erect as many solar panels and install as many fuel cells as it likes without worrying about having purchased too much capacity ; the company can now sell off the extra power it generates .
But more importantly , Google can now exploit its massive data centers to provide services for controlling power consumption in commercial buildings , industrial sites , and homes .
It is largely a task that should be handed off to large computer rooms .
If the power goes out , you ’ll know who to blame
Providing these services will allow Google to better leverage its hardware resources .
Search will get cheaper because the hardware budget can be amortized over more services .
Both web 2.0 companies and energy - services companies will complain about being undercut by the big G. Consumers will also have to get used to Google having even more information about their daily habits .
But can Google charge for energy - management services ?
That could be a challenge .
The average person might rightly balk at suddenly being asked to write a monthly check to one of the biggest companies in the world , particularly if other companies offer the same services .
This is where the power part comes in .
Consumers will pay for power .
If Google combines its services – for free – with competitively priced electricity , consumers will likely lose that reticence .
It will be a better combination than what their utility can provide .
Conversely , Google could charge for these services the same way energy services companies like Siemens do :
If Google saves you $ 200 on your utility bill , you pay the company half .
You pay , but you still save .
It 's a theory , but clearly the company and its founders are obsessed with alternative energy .
See Also :
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Team US F1 boss Ken Anderson insists his outfit has not yet given up on its dreams of entering F1 in the future , despite telling its staff to stop work on its current car .
Sources revealed earlier that team personnel were put on unpaid leave by the outfit on Tuesday afternoon , amid continued uncertainty about the future of the outfit .
Although that move pointed towards the end of Team US F1 , Anderson has insisted that the Charlotte - based operation remains hopeful of making it onto the grid in 2011 .
He is adamant that the team has not closed down , and says it now awaiting news from the FIA about if it can defer its entry from the start of this season until the beginning of 2011 .
While it awaits a decision from the FIA , with an official entry list for 2010 expected imminently , the team has felt it pointless to continue work on the chassis it had originally planned to run this year .
Anderson told AUTOSPORT : " We have applied to the FIA to hold our entry until 2011 .
It was supposed to be confidential , so I could not really comment on it .
It seems to have leaked out though .
" We are waiting for a reply from the FIA and are working with them .
In the mean time , there is nothing for the employees to do , so we have told them to stop working on the current car until we have a decision . "
With Team US F1 now certain not to be able to compete in 2010 , it is not clear if the FIA will opt to hand an entry to the Serbian outfit Stefan GP , or choose to simply open applications for the 2011 championship instead - leaving just 12 teams on the grid this season .
Electronic
Arts knocked $ 10 off the PC download of Battlefield : Bad Company 2 - and someone else found a promo code that takes an additional $ 20 off - for any game - making it $ 19.95 until the end of the day .
Advertisement
The offer is good over the EA Store ; enter PAXEAST842 in the promo code field to take the extra $ 20 off .
The code also seems to be good for any other game purchase in the store , PC or retail .
I applied it to Mass Effect 2 and EA Sports Active and it was still valid .
EA says the $ 10 off BFBC2 ends today .
The site says nothing about the PAX promo's expiration but one can assume that it lasts only as long as the Expo , which ends today .
Advertisement
Thanks to breadtruck for spotting this .
Update : Reader Chris says a card accompany the promo code at PAX East says it 's valid for new orders only , with a minimum purchase of $ 39.95 required .
The promo code expires April 9 .
Many who " bought the dip " in 2007 and 2008 are discovering the market correction is more severe than they realized .
Today 's featured property is one of the ugliest in Irvine , but some knife catcher saw an opportunity — an opportunity to get sliced ….
Irvine Home Address … 3922 CLAREMONT
St , Irvine , CA 92614
Resale Home Price …… $ 485,485
{book1}
Sweet child in time , you 'll see the line Line that 's drawn between the Good and the Bad See the blind man , he 's shooting at the world Bullets flying , ooh taking toll
If you 've been bad – Oh Lord I bet you have And you 've not been hit oh by flying lead
You 'd better close your eyes , you 'd better bow your head Wait for the ricochet Deep Purple — Child in Time
Buying into a declining market on speculation is a fools game .
When I first studied stock trading , I noticed an important truth about picking tops and bottoms versus playing a trend ; every attempt to pick a top or a bottom fails except the last one which is a big winner .
Every attempt to trade momentum is a winner except the last one which is a big loser .
It is better to hit many singles trading momentum than it is to try to hit home runs picking bottoms .
Many active buyers today are basing their decision on the belief that the market has bottomed , and they are betting on appreciation .
They may be right , but I rather doubt it .
It is much wiser safer to wait and see if positive price momentum can continue through the removal of government market props and the disposition of shadow inventory .
The state of the housing market has long reached a point where it 's good news to hear , " It 's not getting worse . "
Unfortunately , according to a firm that tracks borrowers behind on their mortgages , you can conclude at best , " It 's getting worse , but less quickly . "
Rising sales , largely spurred by first - time buyer credits , have given people hope that the beleaguered housing market has finally hit bottom and is even showing signs of life .
It 's been impossible , however , for me to get excited about this , considering that the number of people falling behind on their loan payments is growing , not shrinking .
Unemployment continues to produce new delinquencies , and it's been many quarters now since we were talking only about subprime mortgages .
No , delinquencies are hitting regular old fixed - rate mortgages to borrowers with good credit , too .
And here 's the latest report from Lender Processing Services out of Jacksonville , Fla. : Delinquency rates have hit historic highs .
More than 7.4 million home loans nationwide are in some stage of delinquency or foreclosure , with another 1 million properties either bank - owned or sold out of foreclosure .
An incredible 10 % of all U.S. loans are delinquent .
The worst - hit areas are the usual suspects : the boom - and - bust states of Florida , Nevada , Arizona , California , plus the economically savaged areas of Michigan and Ohio .
Also up there are Mississippi , Georgia , Indiana and Illinois .
But few states are escaping the problem ; it 's just that the worst states are so , so bad it makes the others look relatively good .
LPS says , " The pace of deterioration has slowed . "
That 's the supposed good news .
But I have a hard time thinking optimistically about this , not just because in January alone 346,000 borrowers fell behind on their payments for the first time .
The other disturbing statistic is that older loans make up a higher percentage of new delinquencies — that means people who already had fallen behind and pulled themselves out of it ( maybe through a loan modification program ) are delinquent again .
This confirms what many have said about the federal programs to reshape mortgages into loans people can actually pay :
They 're not doing the job for enough people .
The sheer number of bad loans surely means more foreclosures , which means more houses on the market being sold at bargain - basement prices .
And that means we 'll watch our property values continue going down , down , down .
Bulls are dismissive of shadow inventory as if it is just another argument bears make about house prices .
Shadow inventory is a result of every expedient decision lenders made to avoid recognizing losses .
Every problem bears noted over the years — ARM loans , liar loans , negative amortization loans , artificially low interest rates , excessive speculation with 100 % financing and so on — have all proven to be prescient .
The predictable result of each of these problems is mortgage default followed by foreclosure which leads to more inventory and lower prices .
Lenders have merely delayed this step - by - step process by refusing to foreclose .
That does n't make the problem go away ; it just makes the problem worse .
Appreciation from a strong economy is not coming , and even if it were , it would n't counteract the effect of so many distressed homeowners .
Lender Processing Services Chart Porn
Last week when I posted One Defaulting Owner ’s Free Ride : Three Years and Counting , many wondered how common it was to find home debtors who have not made payments for a very long time .
Take a careful look at the numbers in the chart below .
According to LPS , there are almost a quarter million homeowners who have squatted for more than two years , and 33,723 of them have not begun the foreclosure process .
The shadow inventory and foreclosure problem is growing .
For each property we resolve through the foreclosure process another two and one - half properties are defaulting .
If you had a virus , and if the medication you were taking to combat the disease were killing viruses at a slower rate than they reproduced , would you consider yourself healthy or improving ?
Can you find good news in these conclusions ?
Housing economist Dean Baker , the co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research , laid out his case at a risk conference last week for why we still have a housing bubble .
Adjusted for inflation , home prices are still 15 - 20 % higher than they were in the mid-1990s .
“ There ’s no plausible fundamental explanation for that , ” he says .
Why ?
Simple , he says : Economic fundamentals are all going in the other direction .
Rental apartment vacancies are reaching record highs .
Many segments of the housing market are still oversupplied .
And the core demographic in the country — the baby boomers — are reaching the age where they ’re more likely to downsize , buying less house in the years to come .
Far from some rosy estimates that housing is going through a temporary , once in a lifetime downturn , and that once the market bottoms , homes will again appreciate well beyond the rate of inflation , Mr. Baker argues that home prices are far more likely to increase annually at the rate of inflation , at best .
“ If anything , I expect housing to be weaker than normal rather than stronger over the next decade , ” he says .
“ People who say this is a temporary story , there ’s no real reason to believe anything like that . ”
The recent burst of good housing news has been fueled by government stimulus , including the tax credit , low mortgage rates and easy financing from the Federal Housing Administration .
Mr. Baker , who had been a skeptic of the tax credit , concedes that it has worked .
So , too , he says , has the FHA effectively supplied credit to goose sales .
But that ’s likely for the worse , he argues , taking the opposite view of policymakers at the FHA .
“ As a matter of policy I ca n’t see that we want people to buy a house in 2009 that ’s 10 - 20 % higher than it would sell for in 2011 , ” he says .
“ In so far as the FHA was encouraging people to buy homes in bubble markets that were not deflated , that ’s not good for the FHA and you did n’t help the homeowner .
We did n’t do those people a favor . ”
We are not doing ourselves any favors as taxpayers who are guaranteeing the inevitable losses these loans will incur .
When our current batch of knife catchers realize they overpaid and prices are not going to recover any time soon , they will strategically default .
Knife Catchers and the second wave of foreclosures
Today 's featured property is an example of what Dean Baker is worried about : defaults and foreclosures among those who were encouraged by the government to overpay during the price decline .
I first profiled today 's featured property back in September of 2007 in You Ugly :
This listing is the least desirable single family detached home in Irvine .
Everything about this property is a negative :
It is 36 years old .
There is no back yard .
It only has 1 full bathroom .
The front elevation has no windows .
It looks like a 3 car garage next to a 2 car garage .
Nice …
The colors are awful .
Check out the dark brown flooring and the blue cabinets and walls .
The view of the block wall is a reminder of your prison sentence .
The living room has three incompatible shades of ugly .
The house itself is right on the 405 on ramp at Culver .
A location guaranteed to have maximize noise and air pollution as people accelerate onto the freeway .
If that was n't bad enough , it is adjacent to a huge power pole with enough electricity running through it to make your hair stand on end and give your children brain cancer .
Perhaps the hum of the power lines drowns out the freeway noise .
Who knows ?
I would not live in this house .
The property was purchased on 2/28/2008 for $ 458,500 .
The owner used a $ 412,650 first mortgage and a $ 45,850 down payment .
It appears he paid for less than one year before giving up :
Foreclosure Record
Recording Date : 02/11/2010
Document Type : Notice of Sale ( aka Notice of Trustee 's Sale )
Foreclosure Record Recording Date : 04/01/2009 Document Type : Notice of Default
The lender , HIGH TECH LENDING INC , danced for ten months before deciding to push this owner out .
Ideal Home Brokers and Financed Trustee Sales
Today 's featured property , ugly as it is , will probably sell to a third party at auction .
Thanks to 5 % interest rates , recent comparable sales value the property at $ 500,500 — which surprises me that the owner is not trying to sell it an get his down payment back — but this property is headed to auction .
If a buyer steps forward and puts 3 % down on a $ 485,485 purchase price , our hard - money capital partner will authorize us to go to auction and bid on the property .
In the event we are the successful bidder , the property is automatically in escrow with the buyer who placed the down payment .
Personally , I can't recommend anyone pay $ 485,485 for this house , but based on the requirements of our hard money lender and the other costs in the deal , that is the price we must charge to make the deal work .
Irvine Home Address … 3922 CLAREMONT
St , Irvine , CA 92614
Resale Home Price … $ 485,485
Home Purchase Price … $ 458,500
Home Purchase Date ….
2/28/2008
Net Gain ( Loss ) ………. $ ( 2,144 )
Percent Change ………. 5.9 %
Annual Appreciation … 2.7 %
Cost of Ownership
— — — — — — — — ————————-
$ 485,485 ………. Asking Price
$ 16,992 ………. 3.5 % Down FHA Financing
5.05 % …………… Mortgage Interest Rate
$ 468,493 ………. 30 - Year Mortgage
$ 101,097 ………. Income Requirement
$ 2,529 ………. Monthly Mortgage Payment
$ 421 ………. Property Tax
$ 101 ………. Special Taxes and Levies ( Mello Roos )
$ 40 ………. Homeowners Insurance
$ 50 ………. Homeowners Association Fees
=============================================
$ 3,142 ………. Monthly Cash Outlays
-$ 419 ………. Tax Savings ( % of Interest and Property Tax )
-$ 558 ………. Equity Hidden in Payment
$ 34 ………. Lost Income to Down Payment ( net of taxes )
$ 81 ………. Maintenance and Replacement Reserves
=============================================
$ 2,280 ………. Monthly Cost of Ownership
Cash Acquisition Demands
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——
–
$ 4,855 ………. Furnishing and Move In @1 %
$ 4,855 ………. Closing Costs @ 1 %
$ 4,685 ………… Interest Points
$ 16,992 ………. Down Payment
=============================================
$ 31,387 ………. Total Cash Costs
$ 34,900 ………… Emergency Cash Reserves
=============================================
$ 66,287 ………. Total Savings Needed
Property Details for 3922 CLAREMONT
St , Irvine , CA 92614
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——
–
Beds : 3
Baths : 2
Sq. Ft. : 1222
$ / Sq. Ft. : 375
Lot Size : 5,521 Sq. Ft .
Property Type : Residential , Single Family
Style : One Level , Traditional
Year Built : 1971
Community : Westpark
County : Orange
MLS# : S503237
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——
–
You 'll love this great home in a wonderful school district .
The light and bright floorplan features neutral carpet , pergo flooring and cathedral ceilings .
The large yard provides lots of space for entertaining & play .
This home is located just steps to the community pool and park .
Plus , there are no Mello Roos !
This is a bank owned property .
Bring us an offer !
At last night ’s “ Bigg Digg Shindigg ” in Austin , TX , Digg CEO Jay Adelson briefly revealed plans for a massive overhaul of the social news site .
This morning , I had an opportunity to chat with Adelson in - depth about the new Digg and what users , publishers and the web as a whole should expect .
To sum it up , Adelson says the new strategy will “ enable social curation of all the world ’s content and the conversation around it . ”
To get there though , Digg has re-built its entire site from the ground up , with dramatic changes that will be rolled out over the coming weeks and months .
New User Experience
The days of the Digg homepage as we know it — the most recently popular stories on the service as a whole — are numbered .
The site is shifting toward a personalization model , where the homepage will be based on characters like a user ’s interests , location , who they follow not only on Digg but services like Twitter and Facebook , and other “ signals ” from around the web like retweets , Facebook shares and more .
But Adelson notes that not all of these signals are created equal — for example , a retweet from a Twitter user with millions of followers will weigh much more heavily in the site ’s ranking algorithms than one from a user with a few dozen .
The concept of a Digg account is also changing .
While you can already use Digg via Facebook Connect , the site plans to support logging in with Twitter , Google , Yahoo and OpenID , among other identity providers .
It goes even further than that , though –- users will be able to Digg and submit stories anonymously .
Adelson says that this fundamental change will move the site from 20,000 submissions today to millions .
Those submissions will be sorted into an infinite number of categories , with Digg auto - suggesting them with users able to make additions and help rearrange miscategorized posts .
Digg has also been watching what companies like Twitter and Facebook are doing for brands .
The new Digg will eventually support publisher and brand profiles .
Further , we might see something akin to Twitter ’s suggested user list , where publishers and brands that accrue a large following and continually have popular content get recommended to Digg users .
Along those lines , Leaderboards will also be making a return to Digg , but not in the old form of showing just the most successful submitters site - wide .
Instead , Adelson envisions leaderboards for the infinite topic and vertical pages that will emerge , letting Digg users become trusted sources in a given niche .
Expect some sort of achievement system that will reward Digg users for “ good behavior ” as Adelson put it .
Because of all these changes , Digg ’s suite of mobile apps is also going to be completely revamped , with changes closely mirroring those on the site .
A New Paradigm for Publishers
Adelson says the Digg we know today is “ a bit like gambling ” for publishers , where a story either hits the homepage and sees an enormous one - time spike in traffic or sits in relative obscurity .
With the new Digg , Adelson says publishers should expect a “ more predictable ” stream of traffic , as many more stories receive placement on an infinite number of personalized user homepages .
Digg has a lot of new features in store for publishers , too .
The new Digg button –- which we ’re testing here on Mashable –- lets users Digg a story without leaving the site .
Duplicate submissions will also no longer be an issue on Digg , because all submissions will be URL - based .
But Digg has much larger ambitions for publishers as well .
Websites like Mashable will be able to include Digg comments ( which are being re-done again ) right underneath stories .
But it goes further than that –- third - party comment services like Disqus will be able to integrate the comments right into their platforms , making Digg a much more relevant part of the distributed conversation game .
Beyond that , Adelson wants to provide publishers with analytics and even share revenue with them down the line in an effort to better monetize traffic that comes in via Digg .
Digg the Business
Beyond the publisher revenue share opportunity –- which is likely well down the road –- Adelson sees significant pageview growth coming from the thousands of new categories we ’ll see in the new Digg .
However , he ’s not in a hurry to monetize them with ads , saying the company is in good financial shape .
In the long - term , he sees Digg ads –- which the company says are seeing some success –- as the primary driver of revenue .
Digg ’s also in serious hiring mode , with plans to add 50 engineers this year to help them deal with the inevitable question of …
How Will Users Respond ?
Digg ’s notoriously vocal community is in for some major changes , but the company is taking a very measured approach in rolling them out .
Users will start receiving invites for the alpha site , which you can sign up for at new.digg.com , within the next few weeks .
From there , Digg plans “ continuous iteration , ” to address user feedback , a process Adelson says is made possible by the site ’s recently announced architecture changes that he believes will let them scale indefinitely .
Nonetheless , Digg is committed to its new vision .
Within the next few months , the Digg we know today will be shut down , and the company will embark full speed ahead on its plan to be the most relevant aggregator and curator of the world ’s news .
How Digg 's rabid base of current users respond and if the new strategy is able to bring new people under the Digg tent will ultimately dictate the success of the ambitious new direction .
Beinahe - Bruchlandung Ermittler werfen Airbus mangelhafte Piloten - Information vor
Der spektakuläre Beinahe - Crash einer Lufthansa - Maschine in Hamburg hat zwei Jahre lang die Ermittler beschäftigt .
Jetzt hat die Bundesstelle für Flugunfalluntersuchung ihren Abschlussbericht vorgelegt - und der ist insbesondere für den Flugzeughersteller Airbus unangenehm .
Via Blawgletter ( and a couple other sources ) , the whole eleven - judge Federal Circuit issued a rare en banc opinion that held , 9 - 2 , that Harvard , MIT , the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research , and Ariad Pharmaceuticals , Inc. could n’t , well , I ’ll let Barry Barnett explain :
Ariad , MIT , the Whitehead Institute , and Harvard claimed that Eli Lilly infringed their patent on ways to reduce the symptoms of some diseases by causing a protein — Nuclear Factor kappaB* — to behave .
The problem ( as Blawgletter gleans from the judges ’ five opinions ) arises from the fact that the inventors seem not to have figured out how to suppress symptom - causing NF - kB activity .
They appear simply to have discovered that NF - kB existed and guessed that somehow bringing it to heel would help sick people feel better .
Ariad , MIT , Whitehead , and Harvard urged that the first paragraph of section 12 requires a patent to say only enough to “ enable ” an in - the - know person to build something that makes NF - kB curtail its hurtful conduct inside human cells .
I knew some of the folks at those places were smart , but I never realized they were so smart they did n’t have to actually invent anything to get a patent .
Instead , they can just describe a problem and then claim a patent over someone else ’s solution .
To call the case “ significant ” is an understatement .
Among those submitting amicus briefs to the Federal Circuit were :
The University of California
Federal Circuit Bar Association
Monsanto Company
GlaxoSmithKline
Microsoft Corporation
Google Inc .
Verizon Communications , Inc .
… and a dozen other schools and technology , pharmaceutical , and research companies who make — or pay — billions of dollars related to broad patents that claim to cover discoveries , but not necessarily inventions , in scientific fields .
The Federal Circuit , however , is even smarter still :
[ A ] separate requirement to describe one ’s invention is basic to patent law .
Every patent must describe an invention .
It is part of the quid pro quo of a patent ; one describes an invention , and , if the law ’s other requirements are met , one obtains a patent .
The specification must then , of course , describe how to make and use the invention ( i.e. , enable it ) , but that is a different task .
A description of the claimed invention allows the United States Patent and Trademark Office ( “ PTO ” ) to examine applications effectively ; courts to understand the invention , determine compliance with the statute , and to construe the claims ; and the public to understand and improve upon the invention and to avoid the claimed boundaries of the patentee ’s exclusive rights . [… ]
Perhaps there is little difference in some fields between describing an invention and enabling one to make and use it , but that is not always true of certain inventions , including chemical and chemical - like inventions .
Thus , although written description and enablement often rise and fall together , requiring a written description of the invention plays a vital role in curtailing claims that do not require undue experimentation to make and use , and thus satisfy enablement , but that have not been invented , and thus can not be described .
For example , a propyl or butyl compound may be made by a process analogous to a disclosed methyl compound , but , in the absence of a statement that the inventor invented propyl and butyl compounds , such compounds have not been described and are not entitled to a patent .
Ariad Pharmaceuticals , Inc. v. Eli Lilly and Co. , pp. 12 , 26 .
Specific to the patent at issue ,
The ’516 patent discloses no working or even prophetic examples of methods that reduce NF - κB activity , and no completed syntheses of any of the molecules prophesized to be capable of reducing NF - κB activity .
The state of the art at the time of filing was primitive and uncertain , leaving Ariad with an insufficient supply of prior art knowledge with which to fill the gaping holes in its disclosure .
See Capon , 418 F.3d at 1358 ( “ It is well - recognized that in the unpredictable fields of science , it is appropriate to recognize the variability in the science in determining the scope of the coverage to which the inventor is entitled . ” ) .
Whatever thin thread of support a jury might find in the decoy - molecule hypothetical simply cannot bear the weight of the vast scope of these generic claims . …
Here , the specification at best describes decoy molecule structures and hypothesizes with no accompanying description that they could be used to reduce NF - κB activity .
Yet the asserted claims are far broader .
Thus , the patent was invalid .
The Federal Circuit ’s opinion , though , goes much farther than the facts of the case , with a broad rule for future “ discovery ” patents :
Ariad complains that the doctrine disadvantages universities to the extent that basic research cannot be patented .
But the patent law has always been directed to the “ useful Arts , ” U.S. Const . art .
I , § 8 , cl. 8 , meaning inventions with a practical use , see Brenner v. Manson , 383 U.S. 519 , 532-36 ( 1966 ) .
Much university research relates to basic research , including research into scientific principles and mechanisms of action , see , e.g. , Rochester , 358 F.3d 916 , and universities may not have the resources or inclination to work out the practical implications of all such research , i.e. , finding and identifying compounds able to affect the mechanism discovered .
That is no failure of the law ’s interpretation , but its intention .
Patents are not awarded for academic theories , no matter how groundbreaking or necessary to the later patentable inventions of others .
“ [ A ] patent is not a hunting license .
It is not a reward for the search , but compensation for its successful conclusion . ”
Id. at 930 n.10 ( quoting Brenner , 383 U.S. at 536 ) .
Requiring a written description of the invention limits patent protection to those who actually perform the difficult work of “ invention ” — that is , conceive of the complete and final invention with all its claimed limitations — and disclose the fruits of that effort to the public .
That research hypotheses do not qualify for patent protection possibly results in some loss of incentive , although Ariad presents no evidence of any discernable impact on the pace of innovation or the number of patents obtained by universities .
But claims to research plans also impose costs on downstream research , discouraging later invention .
The goal is to get the right balance , and the written description doctrine does so by giving the incentive to actual invention and not “ attempt[s ] to preempt the future before it has arrived . ”
Fiers , 984 F.2d at 1171 .
As this court has repeatedly stated , the purpose of the written description requirement is to “ ensure that the scope of the right to exclude , as set forth in the claims , does not overreach the scope of the inventor ’s contribution to the field of art as described in the patent specification . ”
Rochester , 358 F.3d at 920 ( quoting Reiffin v. Microsoft Corp. , 214 F.3d 1342 , 1345 ( Fed. Cir. 2000 ) ) .
It is part of the quid pro quo of the patent grant and ensures that the public receives a meaningful disclosure in exchange for being excluded from practicing an invention for a period of time .
Enzo , 323 F.3d at 970 .
Id. , pp. 28-29 ( emphases added ) .
I think the Federal Circuit made the right decision both on the statute and on the policy — there ’s a substantial consensus today that our patent system is unjustly overprotective in many areas , including biochemical research — but the decision is not without some costs .
As the Circuit recognized with the “ loss of incentive ” part above , it was already hard for scientists to justify to non-scientist corporate managers or school trustees the value of basic research without referencing the financial upside of patentable discoveries .
Now that will be even harder , since the financial upside is less lucrative and less secure .
That said , basic research progressed well enough for hundreds of years without the over - patenting we have today , and even a small increase in government funding could likely make up for any new losses due to reduced patentability .
Thus , on the whole , the case is a victory for law and for science .
– – –
* NF - kB , says Wikipedia ,
Plans to ban a range of substances sold in head shops have been welcomed by the National Advisory Committee on Drugs .
Youth Work Ireland has also welcomed the move but criticised the Government 's response as slow .
It also warned that there are other products not covered by yesterday 's announcement .
From June , it will be against the law to carry or sell Kettamine , liquid ecstasy , Spice , Snow , Magic , Blow , Tapentadol , BZP derivatives and many more .
The Government must now notify the European Union and it will take three months before the substances become illegal - when they come under the Misuse of Drugs Act .
At the moment , it is legal to go into a head shop and buy legal highs , which mimic the effects of popular illegal drugs .
There has been a big increase in the number of head shops in Ireland in recent months but , following protests , the Government has now decided to ban the sale and possession of many of such legal highs .
Google believes that in three years or so desktops will give way to mobile as the primary screen from which most people will consume information and entertainment .
That ’s according to Google Europe boss John Herlihy who said that smart phones enhance Google ’s mission to make information universal .
Speaking at the Digital Landscapes conference at UCD , Herlihy said that the cloud - computing opportunity will make sure that every mobile device will be capable of doing rapid - scale applications .
“ In three years time , desktops will be irrelevant .
In Japan , most research is done today on smart phones , not PCs , ” Herlihy told a baffled audience , echoing comments by Google CEO Eric Schmidt at the recent GSM Association Mobile World Congress 2010 that everything the company will do going forward will be via a mobile lens , centring on the cloud , computing and connectivity .
“ Mobile makes the world ’s information universally accessible .
Because there ’s more information and because it will be hard to sift through it all , that ’s why search will become more and more important .
This will create new opportunities for new entrepreneurs to create new business models – ubiquity first , revenue later . ”
In fact , the disruptive effect that Sergey Brin and Larry Page had on the internet when they were maxing out credit cards in 1998 to buy servers to build their search engine haunts Google to this day , Herlihy said .
“ The fear is the next Sergey and Larry will come up with a disruptive technology or service that will eliminate the need for Google .
That spurs us on to deliver the best quality return on investment to advertisers in an open and transparent partnership that works for them .
“ There is a tremendous opportunity for entrepreneurs to end the need for Google .
It ’s our challenge not to let that happen by continuing to drive innovation and value . ”
Google methodologies for business success
Herlihy gave a unique insight into the methodologies Google employs for business success , which he quaintly summed up as “ relentless brutality and execution . ”
He explained : “ The digital world is fundamentally different to the traditional business world .
Things happen much faster , websites spring up from nowhere , a video could be a YouTube hit in hours .
“ It ’s not good enough to apply normal management disciplines – we think that scarcity breeds clarity .
If , for example , we have enough resources invested in something , we halve it and eliminate overheads .
“ The other thing we do is celebrate failure .
Here ’s an analogy – the Roman legions used to send out scouts in different directions .
If a scout did n’t return , the army did n’t head in that direction .
We seek feedback at every opportunity on something – we either kill it , adjust it or redeploy resources .
“ When we build something we strive for ubiquity in usage and adoption .
That helps us understand how customers react and then we build a revenue model . ”
Best people translates into best products
Herlihy says that Google is intensive in its hunt for the best people because the end result is the best products , not average products .
“ We measure people every 90 days .
We get 360 - degree feedback on people every 180 days and that feedback is published to the whole company .
People want reality .
Ninety per cent of the rewards end up going to 10 pc of the people . ”
He said that bringing a concept to reality and employing feedback from customers requires relentless brutality and execution .
“ We seek ubiquity and then pray for luck .
We learn from bad decisions .
If something is wrong , we kill it as soon as possible , take everybody out and move onto a different project as soon as possible . ”
He said that going forward in terms of the most important roles at the search and advertising giant will be in the area of statistics and analysis .
“ The sexiest jobs at Google will centre around mining data .
For that we need the best mathematicians in the world , not just the average ones . ”
Former accountant Herlihy says that the ultimate goal in Google ’s complex matrix - like organisational structure is to hide that complexity from the customer .
“ Nothing gets in the way of giving value .
“ Customers today have more choices and are more aware of our competitors ’ offerings .
Unless we can serve them 24/7 , 365 days a year , competitors will eat our lunch .
There is a level of paranoia there .
“ At the end of the day it ’s the customer who owns the cash .
That ’s why we construct our organisation to deliver value .
The underlying framework is to make it easier for people to do business , solve problems and move on . ”
For more news and video highlights from the Digital Landscapes conference , visit the event ’s website .
If only we 'd listened to Nixon , Carter or Clinton
Over the course of the health - care reform discussion , we 've gotten pretty good at talking about the insufficient benefits of reform .
It does n't cut costs as much as we'd like , and it does n't cover all of the uninsured , and it does n't have a public option , and so on .
But one of the hardest things to convey is the terrible cost of inaction , which is much higher , both in human and economic terms , than many realize .
The big player on the cost side is that even small benefits compound over the years .
Slowing the system 's spending growth by 1.5 percentage points -- so the rate of spending inflation will be six percent , rather than 7.5 percent , in a year -- does n't seem like a terribly impressive outcome .
That still has the system growing faster than GDP , or inflation , or Europe 's health - care systems .
But over time , the benefits would be enormous .
The Commonwealth Fund , in a very smart piece , tries to show this by tallying the savings if we 'd instituted the Nixon , Carter and Clinton reforms and they 'd worked to slow spending by the aforementioned 1.5 percentage points .
That 's not , it should be noted , an unreasonable estimate .
If anything , it 's conservative , as these plans included hard government controls on the rise of provider payments or insurance premiums .
That 's a blunt stick to swing at the system , but it's an effective one ( Paul Ryan 's plan also caps spending , for any conservatives out there who 're skeptical of the merits ) .
You can see the impact in the graph atop this post .
The earlier you start , the more you save .
These days , we spend a bit more than 17 percent of our GDP on health care .
That comes out to more than $ 2.5 trillion .
If we 'd reformed the system in 1995 , and our spending had slowed by 1.5 percentage points then , health care would only be 14.2 percent of GDP right now .
If we 'd followed Carter 's schedule and moved in 1980 , we'd be down to 11.5 percent of GDP .
And Nixon 's plan in 1975 ?
A mere 10.75 percent of GDP , which as you can see on the graph , is n't that far from what Europe spends .
The lesson is simple :
The earlier you start , the more you save .
And with each opportunity you miss , you lose years of accumulated savings .
An analysis of more than 70,000 galaxies by University of California , Berkeley , University of Zurich and Princeton University physicists demonstrates that the universe -- at least up to a distance of 3.5 billion light years from Earth -- plays by the rules set out 95 years ago by Albert Einstein in his General Theory of Relativity .
By calculating the clustering of these galaxies , which stretch nearly one - third of the way to the edge of the universe , and analyzing their velocities and distortion from intervening material , the researchers have shown that Einstein 's theory explains the nearby universe better than alternative theories of gravity .
One major implication of the new study is that the existence of dark matter is the most likely explanation for the observation that galaxies and galaxy clusters move as if under the influence of some unseen mass , in addition to the stars astronomers observe .
" The nice thing about going to the cosmological scale is that we can test any full , alternative theory of gravity , because it should predict the things we observe , " said co-author Uros Seljak , a professor of physics and of astronomy at UC Berkeley , a faculty scientist at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , and a professor of physics at the Institute of Theoretical Physics at the University of Zurich .
" Those alternative theories that do not require dark matter fail these tests . "
In particular , the tensor - vector - scalar gravity ( TeVeS ) theory , which tweaks general relativity to avoid resorting to the existence of dark matter , fails the test .
The result conflicts with a report late last year that the very early universe , between 8 and 11 billion years ago , did deviate from the general relativistic description of gravity .
advertisement
Seljak and his current and former students , including first authors Reinabelle Reyes , a Princeton University graduate student , and Rachel Mandelbaum , a recent Princeton Ph.D. recipient , report their findings in the March 11 issue of the journal Nature .
The other co-authors are Tobias Baldauf , Lucas Lombriser and Robert E. Smith of the University of Zurich , and James E. Gunn , professor of physics at Princeton and father of the Sloan Digital Sky Survey .
Einstein's General
Theory of Relativity holds that gravity warps space and time , which means that light bends as it passes near a massive object , such as the core of a galaxy .
The theory has been validated numerous times on the scale of the solar system , but tests on a galactic or cosmic scale have been inconclusive .
" There are some crude and imprecise tests of general relativity at galaxy scales , but we do n't have good predictions for those tests from competing theories , " Seljak said .
Such tests have become important in recent decades because the idea that some unseen mass permeates the universe disturbs some theorists and has spurred them to tweak general relativity to get rid of dark matter .
TeVeS , for example , says that acceleration caused by the gravitational force from a body depends not only on the mass of that body , but also on the value of the acceleration caused by gravity .
The discovery of dark energy , an enigmatic force that is causing the expansion of the universe to accelerate , has led to other theories , such as one dubbed f( R ) , to explain the expansion without resorting to dark energy .
advertisement
Tests to distinguish between competing theories are not easy , Seljak said .
A theoretical cosmologist , he noted that cosmological experiments , such as detections of the cosmic microwave background , typically involve measurements of fluctuations in space , while gravity theories predict relationships between density and velocity , or between density and gravitational potential .
" The problem is that the size of the fluctuation , by itself , is not telling us anything about underlying cosmological theories .
It is essentially a nuisance we would like to get rid of , " Seljak said .
" The novelty of this technique is that it looks at a particular combination of observations that does not depend on the magnitude of the fluctuations .
The quantity is a smoking gun for deviations from general relativity . "
Three years ago , a team of astrophysicists led by Pengjie Zhang of Shanghai Observatory suggested using a quantity dubbed EG to test cosmological models .
EG reflects the amount of clustering in observed galaxies and the amount of distortion of galaxies caused by light bending as it passes through intervening matter , a process known as weak lensing .
Weak lensing can make a round galaxy look elliptical , for example .
" Put simply , EG is proportional to the mean density of the universe and inversely proportional to the rate of growth of structure in the universe , " he said .
" This particular combination gets rid of the amplitude fluctuations and therefore focuses directly on the particular combination that is sensitive to modifications of general relativity . "
Using data on more than 70,000 bright , and therefore distant , red galaxies from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey , Seljak and his colleagues calculated EG and compared it to the predictions of TeVeS , f( R ) and the cold dark matter model of general relativity enhanced with a cosmological constant to account for dark energy .
The predictions of TeVeS were outside the observational error limits , while general relativity fit nicely within the experimental error .
The EG predicted by f( R ) was somewhat lower than that observed , but within the margin of error .
In an effort to reduce the error and thus test theories that obviate dark energy , Seljak hopes to expand his analysis to perhaps a million galaxies when SDSS - III 's Baryon Oscillation Spectroscopic Survey ( BOSS ) , led by a team at LBNL and UC Berkeley , is completed in about five years .
To reduce the error even further , by perhaps as much as a factor of 10 , requires an even more ambitious survey called BigBOSS , which has been proposed by physicists at LBNL and UC Berkeley , among other places .
Future space missions , such as NASA 's Joint Dark Energy Mission ( JDEM ) and the European Space Agency 's Euclid mission , will also provide data for a better analysis , though perhaps 10 - 15 years from now .
Seljak noted that these tests do not tell astronomers the actual identity of dark matter or dark energy .
That can only be determined by other types of observations , such as direct detection experiments .
eso1011 — Science Release
First Temperate Exoplanet Sized Up
Combining observations from the CoRoT satellite and the ESO HARPS instrument , astronomers have discovered the first “ normal ” exoplanet that can be studied in great detail .
Designated Corot - 9b , the planet regularly passes in front of a star similar to the Sun located 1500 light - years away from Earth towards the constellation of Serpens ( the Snake ) .
“ This is a normal , temperate exoplanet just like dozens we already know , but this is the first whose properties we can study in depth , ” says Claire Moutou , who is part of the international team of 60 astronomers that made the discovery .
“ It is bound to become a Rosetta stone in exoplanet research . ”
“ Corot - 9b is the first exoplanet that really does resemble planets in our solar system , ” adds lead author Hans Deeg .
“ It has the size of Jupiter and an orbit similar to that of Mercury . ”
“ Like our own giant planets , Jupiter and Saturn , the planet is mostly made of hydrogen and helium , ” says team member Tristan Guillot , “ and it may contain up to 20 Earth masses of other elements , including water and rock at high temperatures and pressures . ”
Corot - 9b passes in front of its host star every 95 days , as seen from Earth [ 1 ] .
This “ transit ” lasts for about 8 hours , and provides astronomers with much additional information on the planet .
This is fortunate as the gas giant shares many features with the majority of exoplanets discovered so far [ 2 ] .
“ Our analysis has provided more information on Corot - 9 b than for other exoplanets of the same type , ” says co-author Didier Queloz .
“ It may open up a new field of research to understand the atmospheres of moderate - and low - temperature planets , and in particular a completely new window in our understanding of low - temperature chemistry . ”
More than 400 exoplanets have been discovered so far , 70 of them through the transit method .
Corot - 9b is special in that its distance from its host star is about ten times larger than that of any planet previously discovered by this method .
And unlike all such exoplanets , the planet has a temperate climate .
The temperature of its gaseous surface is expected to be between 160 degrees and minus twenty degrees Celsius , with minimal variations between day and night .
The exact value depends on the possible presence of a layer of highly reflective clouds .
The CoRoT satellite , operated by the French space agency CNES [ 3 ] , identified the planet after 145 days of observations during the summer of 2008 .
Observations with the very successful ESO exoplanet hunter — the HARPS instrument attached to the 3.6 - metre ESO telescope at La Silla in Chile — allowed the astronomers to measure its mass , confirming that Corot - 9b is indeed an exoplanet , with a mass about 80 % the mass of Jupiter .
This finding is being published in this week ’s edition of the journal Nature .
Notes
[ 1 ] A planetary transit occurs when a celestial body passes in front of its host star and blocks some of the star ’s light .
This type of eclipse causes changes in the apparent brightness of the star and enables the planet ’s diameter to be measured .
Combined with radial velocity measurements made by the HARPS spectrograph , it is also possible to deduce the mass and , hence , the density of the planet .
It is this combination that allows astronomers to study this object in great detail .
The fact that it is transiting — but nevertheless not so close to its star to be a “ hot Jupiter ” — is what makes this object uniquely well suited for further studies .
[ 2 ] Temperate gas giants are , so far , the largest known group of exoplanets discovered .
[ 3 ]
The CoRoT ( Convection , Rotation and Transits ) space telescope was constructed by CNES , with contributions from Austria , Germany , Spain , Belgium , Brazil and the European Space Agency ( ESA ) .
It was specifically designed to detect transiting exoplanets and carry out seismological studies of stars .
Its results are supplemented by observations with several ground - based telescopes , among them the IAC - 80 ( Teide Observatory ) , the Canada France Hawaii Telescope ( Hawaii ) , the Isaac Newton Telescope ( Roque de los Muchachos Observatory ) , Wise Observatory ( Israel ) , the Faulkes North Telescope of the Las Cumbres Observatory Global Telescope Network ( Hawaii ) and the ESO 3.6 - metre telescope ( Chile ) .
More information
This research was presented in a paper published this week in Nature ( “ A transiting giant planet with a temperature between 250 K and 430 K ” ) , by H. J. Deeg et al .
The team is composed of H.J. Deeg , B. Tingley , J.M. Almenara , and M. Rabus ( Instituto de Astrofısica de Canarias , Tenerife , Spain ) , C. Moutou , P. Barge , A. S. Bonomo , M. Deleuil , J.-C. Gazzano , L. Jorda , and A. Llebaria ( Laboratoire d'Astrophysique de Marseille , Université de Provence , CNRS , OAMP , France ) , A. Erikson , Sz. Csizmadia , J. Cabrera , P. Kabath , H. Rauer ( Institute of Planetary Research , German Aerospace Center , Berlin , Germany ) , H. Bruntt , M. Auvergne , A. Baglin , D. Rouan , and J. Schneider ( Observatoire de Paris - Meudon , France ) , S. Aigrain and F. Pont ( University of Exeter , UK ) , R. Alonso , C. Lovis , M. Mayor , F. Pepe , D. Queloz , and S. Udry ( Observatoire de l'Université de Genève , Switzerland ) , M. Barbieri ( Università di Padova , Italia ) , W. Benz ( Universität Bern , Switzerland ) , P. Bordé , A. Léger , M. Ollivier , and B. Samuel ( Institut d’Astrophysique Spatiale , Université Paris XI , Orsay , France ) , F. Bouchy and G. Hébrard ( IAP , Paris , France ) , L. Carone and M. Pätzold ( Rheinisches Institut für Umweltforschung an der Universität zu Köln , Germany ) , S. Carpano , M. Fridlund , P. Gondoin , and R. den Hartog ( ESTEC / ESA , Noordwijk , The Netherlands ) , D. Ciardi ( NASA Exoplanet Science Institute / Caltech , USA ) , R. Dvorak ( University of Vienna , Austria ) , S. Ferraz - Mello ( Universidade de São Paulo , Brasil ) , D. Gandolfi , E. Guenther , A. Hatzes , G. Wuchterl , B. Stecklum ( Thüringer Landessternwarte , Tautenburg , Germany ) , M. Gillon ( University of Liège , Belgium ) , T. Guillot and M. Havel ( Observatoire de la Côte d’ Azur , Nice , France ) , M. Hidas , T. Lister , and R. Street ( Las Cumbres Observatory Global Telescope Network , Santa Barbara , USA ) , H. Lammer and J. Weingrill ( Space Research Institute , Austrian Academy of Science ) , and T. Mazeh and A. Shporer ( Tel Aviv University , Israel ) .
ESO , the European Southern Observatory , is the foremost intergovernmental astronomy organisation in Europe and the world ’s most productive astronomical observatory .
It is supported by 14 countries : Austria , Belgium , the Czech Republic , Denmark , France , Finland , Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , Sweden , Switzerland and the United Kingdom .
ESO carries out an ambitious programme focused on the design , construction and operation of powerful ground - based observing facilities enabling astronomers to make important scientific discoveries .
ESO also plays a leading role in promoting and organising cooperation in astronomical research .
ESO operates three unique world - class observing sites in Chile : La Silla , Paranal and Chajnantor .
At Paranal , ESO operates the Very Large Telescope , the world ’s most advanced visible - light astronomical observatory and VISTA , the world ’s largest survey telescope .
ESO is the European partner of a revolutionary astronomical telescope ALMA , the largest astronomical project in existence .
ESO is currently planning a 42 - metre European Extremely Large optical / near - infrared Telescope , the E - ELT , which will become “ the world ’s biggest eye on the sky ” .
Links
Contacts
Didier Queloz
Geneva Observatory , University of Geneva
Geneva , Switzerland
Tel : +41 22 379 2477
Email : didier.queloz@unige.ch
Hans J. Deeg
Instituto de Astrofísica de Canarias
Tenerife , Spain
Tel : +34 922 605 244
Cell : +34 619 360 054
Email : hdeeg@iac.es
Claire Moutou
Laboratoire d'Astrophysique de Marseille
Marseille , France
Tel : +33 4 91 05 59 66
Email : claire.moutou@oamp.fr
Henri Boffin
ESO La Silla - Paranal /E-ELT
Press Officer
Garching , Germany
Tel : +49 89 3200 6222
Cell : +49 174 515 43 24
Email : hboffin@eso.org
Connect with ESO on social media
__1837 : __The U.S. Patent Office approves Thomas Davenport 's application for a patent on an " Improvement in Propelling Machinery by Magnetism and Electro - Magnetism . "
We 'd call it an electric motor .
Davenport was a Vermont blacksmith and an amateur tinkerer , not a trained scientist or engineer .
When he heard about a machine that used an electromagnet to separate high - quality iron ore from the lower - grade stuff , he became intrigued .
Unable to meet with the inventor , he sold his brother 's horse and a number of other possessions to buy an electromagnet of his own .
Like many Wired readers , Davenport then proceeded to take apart the nifty gadget he'd just bought in order to find out how it was made .
Soon he was making his own batteries and electromagnets , and in half a year had come up with a motor powered by direct current from a galvanic wet cell .
Davenport 's wife , Emily , maintained notes for him and even suggested modifications and materials to be used in his experiments .
She also contributed strips of silk from her wedding dress to use as insulation for the wires .
The brush - and - commutator scheme Davenport invented is still used in electric motors today .
Current flows through electromagnets mounted on a wheel , causing them to move towards fixed permanent magnets , rotating the wheel through a half turn .
As the wheel turns , its motion breaks the circuit powering the magnets and connects a new circuit with opposite polarity .
That in turn reverses the polarity of the electromagnets , pushing each one away from the magnet it 's just passed while pulling it towards the next magnet in the circle , thus pushing the wheel through another half turn .
The process repeats , and the wheel on the motor goes round and round .
Reading the patent application , you can almost see the patent examiners ' brains quietly exploding .
Electricity was still a rather novel concept , despite the fact that people had been experimenting with it for nearly a century , and nobody had tried to patent an electrical device before .
The three - page application is elegant , concise and to the point , but the description is a bit hard to follow at some places – and that 's with the benefit of 170 extra years of electrical knowledge behind us .
Davenport 's first patent application was rejected .
After winning the endorsement of a number of distinguished men of science , building a working model , rebuilding the model after it was destroyed in a fire , and resubmitting his application , Davenport finally won the patent he'd been seeking .
It was issued U.S. Patent No. 132 , because the 9,957 patents issued between July 31 , 1790 , and July 13 , 1836 , were n't numbered .
Davenport had high hopes for his invention :
He foresaw using it to power shop machinery and even locomotives .
He set up a workshop near Wall Street in New York and published his own promotional newspaper , The Electro - Magnet and Mechanics Intelligencer , which he printed on an electric - motor–powered printing press .
But as a business , the electric motor was a flop .
The batteries of the day were too weak , too bulky and too unpredictable to provide reliable power .
That did n't keep the intrepid Vermonter from inventing an electric locomotive and even an electric piano .
It took nearly 50 years before inventors like Thomas Edison started using Davenport 's motor in reverse to generate power , something Davenport had never foreseen ( but which Faraday demonstrated in 1831 ) .
Once it was possible to use water or steam to generate electricity in large quantities using these generators , electric motors became more practical and were soon employed in trains and trolleys , just as Davenport had envisioned .
Davenport reportedly died bankrupt , a few days short of his 49th birthday in 1851 .
His patent model for the electric motor now sits in the Smithsonian Institution in Washington .
Source : Various
Photo : jessamyn / Flickr
Prita Ganapati also contributed to this article .
See Also :
NOT SO TRUSTWORTHY NOT SO TRUSTWORTHY
Distrust in credit card companies is on the rise : Consumers were asked if they trusted these institutions more , less or the same as a year ago : Trust more Same Trust less Credit unions 18 % 68 % 14 % Local banks 14 % 62 % 24 % Lawyers 2 % 64 % 34 % Car dealers 3 % 63 % 34 % Investment companies 3 % 53 % 44 % Credit card companies 3 % 50 % 47 % Federal government 9 % 43 % 48 % National banks 3 % 47 % 50 % Source : Auriemma Consulting Group .
Based on Web survey of 403 credit card users conducted in July 2009 .
THE CREDIT TRAP THE CREDIT TRAP Part 9 : Anger at bank overdraft fees gets hotter , bigger and louder Part 8 : As lenders clamp down , credit scores take a hit Part 7 : Courtesy overdraft fees hit credit union customers , too Part 6 : Banks ' ' courtesy ' loans at soaring rates irk consumers Part 5 : Checking accounts are targets as banks find ways to boost fees Part 4 : Sliding economy raises questions about credit scores More Emily Maddox , 24 , of Knoxville , Tenn. , is the kind of customer credit card companies covet .
She has a good job as an Internet marketing coordinator , and she lives within her means .
But she 's never had a credit card , and she has no plans to apply for one .
Credit cards , she says , " make me really nervous , and I 've never felt comfortable having one . "
In a country where the average consumer owns five credit cards , Maddox may seem somewhat quaint , like an Amish farmer who drives a horse - drawn buggy .
But proponents of a no - credit - card lifestyle say there 's nothing old - fashioned about their choices .
And they 're convinced that their numbers will grow as consumers become increasingly disenchanted with credit card industry practices .
Credit card usage is slowing .
Revolving credit — largely made up of credit card debt — fell by nearly 20 % in November , the largest drop on record , according to the Federal Reserve , reflecting less borrowing by consumers and banks ' tighter lending standards .
Through October , the number of new credit card accounts was down 46 % from the same period in 2008 , according to Equifax .
CREDIT CARDS : Bankrate.com helps you find the one that fits you best
But abandoning credit cards is a much more radical step than using them less .
Consumers who do n't own a credit card often have a hard time renting a car .
Some hotels wo n't book rooms to travelers who want to pay with a debit card or cash .
Those that accept debit cards may place a hold on several hundred dollars in the customer 's bank account , which could cause checks to bounce .
And many consumer experts say that responsible use of credit cards is one of the most effective ways to build a good credit record .
Those concerns have n't swayed Dann Zinke , 22 , of St. Paul , who works at a gas station to save money for college .
He 's never owned a credit card and does n't plan to get one any time soon .
" I refuse to recognize it as a rite of passage into adulthood , " he says .
" I do n't want to go through the hassle of signing up and receiving other credit card offers . "
Reasons consumers are opting to live without credit cards : • Desire for a simpler lifestyle .
Two years ago , Adam and Courtney Baker decided to reduce their debts , sell most of their stuff , and spend a year or two traveling around the world .
By selling their small business and a rental property , they were able to pay off more than $ 11,000 in credit card debt .
Initially , they planned to use an American Express card during their travels , says Adam Baker .
But once the couple wiped out their debt , they decided to stick with debit cards and cash .
Going without credit cards helps them keep a handle on their spending and suits their stripped - down lifestyle , says Baker , 25 , a freelance writer whose blog about his family 's experience is titled Man Vs. Debt ( www.manvsdebt.com).
" We enjoy not having them ( credit cards ) in our lives , " says Baker .
" Getting 1.5 % cash back for using four cards and juggling them is just not something that interests us .
We have bigger and better things we want to focus our attention on . "
Louis Rosas - Guyon , 37 , a business technology consultant in Miami , says his life has become less stressful since he stopped using credit cards 10 years ago .
His epiphany came after he plugged his $ 18,000 in balances into an Excel spreadsheet and learned that , at the rate he was going , it would take him 180 years to pay off his credit card debts .
Instead , he went into what he calls " aggressive debt - payment mode . "
He negotiated with his lenders , consolidated his debt and borrowed money from a relative , eventually paying off the balances .
" I have far fewer bills and headaches and fears about that monthly billing cycle , " Rosas - Guyon says .
" My life has gotten substantially easier because I 've offloaded 10 to 12 different credit cards that I no longer have to make a payment on . "
• Increased acceptance of debit cards .
A decade ago , consumers who did n't want to use credit cards had two choices : carry a lot of cash or write checks and hold up the supermarket line .
Today , debit cards blend the discipline of cash with the convenience of plastic and are accepted by most merchants that accept credit cards .
In recent years , their popularity has soared .
A July 2009 survey by Auriemma Consulting Group found that 28 % of consumers had shifted the way they pay for purchases in the past year , with an increase in debit card usage coming at the expense of credit cards .
Forty - six percent of consumers surveyed said they believed debit cards helped control their spending .
" There 's quietly been a debit card revolution , " says best - selling personal finance author Dave Ramsey , who urges fans of his radio and Fox Business TV show to cut up their credit cards .
Now that debit cards are broadly accepted , he says , using a credit card " with all its fees and interest rates and traps with customer service is really stupid . "
Scott Talbott , senior vice president of government affairs for the Financial Services Roundtable , says the shift reflects a desire by consumers to get a better handle on their spending , rather than a rejection of credit cards .
" It 's easy to demagogue the big credit card industry , " he says .
" Credit and debit card services play a vital role in our economy .
Seventy percent of our GDP is based on consumer purchases , and credit cards and debit cards make that easy , safe and fast . "
• Outrage about industry practices .
Tim McFarlin , a consumer bankruptcy attorney in Irvine , Calif. , 34 , stopped using credit cards eight years ago because he thought the industry 's business practices were unfair to consumers .
" Any time there 's even a hint of a financial issue in the consumer 's life , the credit card company will raise the interest rate to the high 20s , or 30 % , " he says .
" They 'll do anything they can to make life as difficult as possible . "
Last year , Congress enacted legislation that will make it more difficult for credit card issuers to raise interest rates on existing balances and charge certain fees .
But those rules do n't take effect until Feb. 22 , and in anticipation of the change , credit card companies have aggressively raised interest rates and fees , even for borrowers who pay their bills on time .
In addition , credit card companies have lowered credit limits for many customers .
The changes have been particularly hard on small - business owners who rely on credit cards for short - term business loans .
Jennyvi Dizon , 29 , a self - employed bridal wear fashion designer in Phoenix , says her credit card lenders cut her credit limit in half last year and raised the interest rate several times .
Like many small - business owners , Dizon carried a balance , but says she always paid her credit card bills on time .
About three months ago , she decided to stop using credit cards and resolved to pay off the remaining balances .
She now uses her savings to buy supplies , which has n't been easy .
Sometimes , she has to negotiate with suppliers because she does n't have the cash on hand for a full order .
But it 's been worth it , Dizon says .
" It 's just a hassle these days to trust credit card companies , " she says .
The public 's opinion of credit card companies , which has never been particularly high , has plummeted during the past two years .
Forty - seven percent of consumers surveyed in July said they trust credit card companies less now than they did a year earlier , according to Auriemma Consulting .
Only national banks and the federal government fared worse .
The financial services industry provides choices for consumers , says Kenneth Clayton , senior vice president of the American Bankers Association .
" If they do n't like what a credit card company is providing , they should say no and move on to something that works for them better . "
Drawbacks to doing without Some consumer experts say consumers who have sworn off credit cards are misguided .
Among the reasons : • Debit cards provide fewer consumer protections than credit cards .
If fraudulent charges show up on a credit card bill , the card holder can simply refuse to pay them .
Federal law limits credit card holders ' liability to $ 50 of fraudulent charges , and most card issuers have zero-liability policies for victims of identity theft .
Federal laws also limit liability for debit card theft , but resolving the problem is more complicated .
Money used with a stolen debit card is immediately drawn from the holder 's account , which means the consumer must fight to get the funds reimbursed .
In the meantime , outstanding checks could bounce .
It 's also more difficult to dispute a defective purchase that has been paid with a debit card .
Credit card holders can refuse to pay for the item ; debit card holders have to battle for a refund .
And while debit card users do n't have to worry about interest rates and late fees , they need to keep close tabs on how much money is in their bank accounts .
Otherwise , they risk triggering hefty overdraft fees on debit card purchases that exceed the amount of available funds .
Overdraft fees at the largest banks average $ 34 , which means even a few small overdraft purchases could trigger hundreds of dollars in fees .
• Responsible use of credit cards helps consumers develop a good credit profile .
Consumers who do n't carry a credit card have an average credit score of 563 , vs. 689 for those with at least one card who carry a monthly balance , according to Credit Karma , a consumer website that provides free credit scores .
The data were based on TransUnion credit scores .
" We still live in a credit - dominated society , and even if a person chooses to live on a cash basis , most of us are going to need credit when it comes time to buy a house or a car , " says Gail Cunningham , spokeswoman for the National Foundation for Credit Counseling .
" This means having a thick credit file and a high credit score , which can only be accomplished by having some degree of credit and treating it responsibly . "
While debit cards resemble credit cards in many respects , they do n't help consumers ' credit scores , says John Ulzheimer , president of consumer education for Credit.com , a consumer website .
" A debit card is a plastic form of a check , " he says .
" You do n't have an obligation to manage it appropriately . "
Debit cards , he adds , " have zero value " as far as credit scoring is concerned .
Ironically , Ulzheimer says , people who have sworn off credit cards are the best candidates for credit .
" Those are the people who would manage credit cards very well , because they 're so disciplined , " he says .
Emily Maddox is one of those people .
She pays cash for day - to - day purchases and uses debit cards when she shops online .
That way , she says , " I do n't buy anything I can't afford . "
But Maddox learned the downside of living without a credit card recently ago when she decided to buy a new car .
A local Nissan dealer made her an attractive offer on a 2010 model , but her application for a five - year - loan was rejected because she has no credit history .
Maddox ended up buying the car with her fiancé , a graduate student , and each signed for the loan .
Maddox 's fiancé has a credit card , so his credit history , combined with her income , let them jointly qualify for a loan with very favorable terms , she says .
Even after that experience , Maddox says she has no interest in applying for a credit card .
She 's hoping the car loan — which she plans to pay off before the term expires — will help her establish a credit history .
" I 've known people who have had credit cards , and I 've seen what can happen if you get behind and how hard it is to get out of debt , " she says .
" I do n't like owing people money . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
One frequent question I ’m often asked is whether or not paying half of a mortgage payment twice a month versus paying a full mortgage payment once a month is actually worthwhile .
Let ’s say , for example , you ’re in the situation that Paul , one of my readers who wrote in recently , finds himself in .
He just took out a $ 219,000 mortgage .
His monthly payment on that mortgage is $ 1,300.89 .
Paul wants to know whether paying half of the mortgage twice a month will save him a significant amount .
The first thing he needs to do is make sure that his mortgage allows early payments – and how they work .
Make a call to your lender and ask them how often interest is compounded ( this needs to be daily or compounded monthly based on the average balance of the month – if it only compounds monthly , paying in advance wo n’t help ) , plus how multiple payments during a month are applied to your loan ( they must be applied as soon as received for this to work ) .
Most loans work this way , but not all .
There are two options with making early payments .
First ,
Paul can literally make two payments a month – say , on the fifteenth of every month and on the last day of every month .
This means , over the course of a year , Paul pays the exact same amount in principle that he would otherwise pay .
The only difference is that on the fifteenth of each month , he pays in half of his payment and at the end of each month , he pays in the remainder of his payment .
In my calculations in Excel , I assumed monthly compounding using the average balance of the last month .
Using this method , I calculate that this method will save Paul just over two months ’ worth of balance on the mortgage .
He ’d save $ 2,931.33 in interest , which would mean he would be able to skip his final two payments and make only a partial final payment .
However , a superior method of doing this would be to simply make a payment equal to half of the amount of the monthly mortgage bill every two weeks .
Over the course of a year , this adds up to one extra full payment : since there are fifty two weeks in a year , you ’d make 26 half payments , and thus 13 full payments .
In my calculations , I again assumed monthly compounding using the average balance of the last month .
I calculated that this method will save Paul $ 41,117.09 over the course of the loan .
His final , partial payment would be issued just shy of five years early .
This method falls perfectly in line with many income schedules ( the federal government , for example , issues paychecks every two weeks ) , which means that you can just allot a certain amount from each paycheck directly toward your mortgage and then not think about it again .
For me , at least , twice - a- month payments would not provide enough benefit to be worth the management hassle of them unless it happened to line up directly with my paychecks .
On the other hand , biweekly payments – once every two weeks – do provide a lot of financial incentive to give them a shot .
Add on top of that the fact that it ’s directly in line with many pay schedules and that would seem to be a winner to me .
In a nutshell , simply paying twice a month does n’t save much at all , but paying once every two weeks saves a lot .
Yes , one or two fewer days per payment can save you tens of thousands at the end of the payments .
Good luck .
‘ Comprehensive immigration reform ’ is disgusting in its tolerance for such evil .
20 Mar 2010 | InfoShop News
Immigration laws are immoral and therefore should be abolished , not tolerated with reform .
The reasoning in support of nationalism is the same as that of racism .
Both - ism ’s are equally evil and their reasoning ploys equally stupid .
Like war , those who ca n’t uncompromisingly stand against immigration law can stand for little - to - nothing .
Democracy Now !
covered a story today previewing this weekend ’s march in Washington , D.C. where hundreds of thousands are expected to march under the support of reform of immigration law .
Led by Latino advocacy groups , this ‘ movement ’ is borderline disgusting .
The emphasis of ‘ comprehensive immigration reform ’ is on enforcement — the harassment and State - sanctioned violence against working people , the legal precedence that all people do not have equal rights ; that Americans are more human than non-Americans .
The term ‘ illegal ’ to describe undocumented migrants is not a reasonable defense for immigration law .
Enforcing a policy is n’t morally validated by the existence of the policy .
The late - Jiddu Krishnamurti once said , “ It is no measure of health to be well - adjusted to a profoundly sick society . ”
The term ‘ illegal ’ is offense and a society ’s tolerance for using it in reference to the existence of human beings is sick .
A post at “ Punk Johnny Cash ’s ” Gonzo Times articulates :
Words are used to dehumanize a population of people .
You may hear it more than others .
It depends on how close to the egocentric segregationist movement you are .
This is always followed by blame .
They will blame the problems of the country on this group of people .
This has happened over and over throughout history with each group of migrants and with slavery and the civil rights movement .
Dehumanization is used to justify one ’s sins and oppression of another . …
We must be willing to look at how we do treat others in society .
We must learn from the mistakes of the past and not be guilty of repeating the darkest parts of human history .
The goal should be to unite against threats and violations of the natural rights of mankind regardless of the dirt on which an individual is born .
That every human being has the minimal right to migrate , peacefully possess land , work to produce , use / control the fruits of that production — the fruits of their labor — and voluntarily assemble to ( at the very least ) enhance bargaining power in the workplace .
Latino advocacy groups are selling out the people they claim to be trying to protect by compromising these rights by tolerating : the forceful removal of portions of their earnings ; the documentation / tracking of human beings , further feeding the market for slave labor conditions ; and absolutely grotesque exploitation by human trafficking ‘ coyotes ’ .
These groups compromise the fight against so - called ‘ free trade agreements ’ that demolish the people ’s bargaining power within all countries party to these agreements .
These governments sign on behalf of multinational corporations looking to maximize enslavement and minimize legal scrutiny for their use of State violence to create conditions where immigrants beg to be bought , are transported as cargo , sold , rented , kidnapped and forcefully transported back to where they were bought .
And that ’s if they ’re lucky .
The unluckier are imprisoned without being charged of violating any moral laws to be starved , beaten , forced to labor , piss and shit on themselves for indefinite amounts of time .
The unluckiest die in captivity .
Documented people within the arbitrary U.S. borders are treated as a lower branch in the caste system if they happen to be brown , especially if they live near said ‘ borders ’ .
They can be stopped , harassed for their documentation and face litmus tests given by borderline illiterate cops who are not presuming innocence but manipulating for a justification to kidnap the person .
‘ Comprehensive immigration reform ’ combined with ‘ Constitution Free Zones ‘ is inherently racist and tyrannical .
The theory , rhetoric and practice of authorities clearly communicate the purpose of immigration law : not for working people to regain natural bargaining power cut off by border policies , but to further cage people within borders .
The multinationals that lobby for the NAFTA ’s of the world do n’t want to extend the freedom to trade , currently grossly inhibited by violent monopoly and oligopoly , borders , tariffs , demagoguery and draconian laws against people associating freely .
They want ‘ land grants ’ and assurance they wo n’t be prosecuted or held liable for the abuse and robbery against migrant workers , indigenous land owners and laborers and inhabitants who pay the environmental costs of having their resources stolen and contaminated by the State and handed off to moneyed power .
These groups compromise the defense of humans ’ right to migrate to pursue eudaimonia with rhetoric defending migrants ’ love and loyalty for America .
This rhetoric is dehumanizing as it assumes that without a shift in a migrants ’ nationalism , violating their rights would be acceptable .
This conduct is disgusting and the tolerance for any of it ought to be unacceptable .
New Morning School 's Last Chance Auction was a Success !
Thanks to our amazing community , New Morning School closed its 2010 - 2011 fundraising efforts with a successful " Last Chance " auction -- raising an additional $ 1000 !
All together we raised over $ 80,000 in auction proceeds so that New Morning School can continue to provide an extraordinary learning environment where we nurture children to their full potential as critical thinkers , creative problem - solvers , and responsible citizens .
New Morning
School also wishes to thank those who donated items , sponsored our auction , took out an advertisement , placed bids , and referred people to our auction .
You added to the success of our auction !
Planning has already begun for the 2012 auction .
We look forward to your continued support and active participation .
The ACLU said Miss McMillen approached school officials shortly before the memo went out because she knew same - sex dates had been banned in the past .
The ACLU said district officials told Miss McMillen she and her girlfriend would n't be allowed to arrive together , that she would not be allowed to wear a tuxedo , and that she and her girlfriend might be asked to leave if their presence made any other students " uncomfortable . "
A new study reveals that a common underlying mechanism is shared by a group of previously unrelated disorders which all cause complex defects in brain development and function .
Rett syndrome ( RTT ) , Cornelia de Lange syndrome ( CdLS ) and Alpha - Thalassemia mental Retardation , X - linked syndrome ( ATR - X ) have each been linked with distinct abnormalities in chromatin , the spools of proteins and DNA that make up chromosomes and control how genetic information is read in a cell .
Now , research , published in the February 16th issue of the journal Developmental Cell , helps to explain why these different chromatin abnormalities all interfere with proper gene expression patterns necessary for normal development and mature brain function .
" Although clearly distinct from one another , human developmental disorders that are linked with chromatin dysfunction often share similar cognitive clinical features , " explains senior study author , Dr. Nathalie Bérubé from the University of Western Ontario .
" Whether the overlapping cognitive symptoms are due to underlying interlinked molecular mechanisms is still poorly understood . "
Her work now demonstrates that chromatin proteins defective in RTT , CdLS , and ATR - X syndromes are all associated with each other -- and are required for one another 's function -- at certain " imprinted genes " in the developing mouse brain .
Imprinted genes are a relatively rare type of gene that carries different information depending on whether it is inherited from the mother or the father .
The results support the conclusion that ATRX ( the chromatin protein that is defective in ATR - X syndrome ) and its binding partners regulate expression of imprinted genes , and likely other genes required for normal brain development , by controlling chromatin structure .
" Our findings provide the first glimpse of the cooperation between ATRX and multiple other disease proteins in the regulation of common gene targets , perhaps explaining similarities between the associated human syndromes , " says Dr. Bérubé .
" The failure to properly suppress genes that are essential during embryonic development , but potentially detrimental in the mature brain , might contribute to cognitive deficiencies characteristic of RTT , CdLS and ATR - X syndromes .
Further studies are needed to gain a better understanding of the specific role of these chromatin proteins and the molecular pathogenesis of the associated human disorders . "
The researchers include Kristin D. Kernohan , University of Western Ontario , Victoria Research Laboratories , London , Ontario , Canada ; Yan Jiang , University of Western Ontario , Victoria Research Laboratories , London , Ontario , Canada ; Deanna C. Tremblay , University of Western Ontario , Victoria Research Laboratories , London , Ontario , Canada ; Anne C. Bonvissuto , University of Western Ontario , Victoria Research Laboratories , London , Ontario , Canada ; James H. Eubanks , Toronto Western Research Institute , Toronto , Canada ; Mellissa R.W. Mann , University of Western Ontario , Victoria Research Laboratories , London , Ontario , Canada ; and Nathalie G. Berube´ , University of Western Ontario , Victoria Research Laboratories , London , Ontario , Canada .
Whenever I travel I like to seek out new beers to try .
And even though I was n’t expecting to find much while in Mexico last week , on a trip to climb Citlaltépetl , Mexico ’s highest mountain and the third - highest mountain in North America , my beer quest was still on .
Unfortunately , Mexico is n’t a very exciting country when it comes to beer .
Beyond the omnipresent Coronas , however , I was still able to collect a handful of random beers to try — and retry — such as Indio , Sol , Victoria , Tecate , Dos Equis and Bohemia Obscura .
Sadly , most of the beers I found are readily available in the United States , and they ’re all unexciting and similar - tasting pale lagers or Vienna - style lagers .
The worst part is that most of these beers are part of the same company , FEMSA , a Latin American beverage company , which only contributes to the boring homogeny .
Ironically , the best Mexican - made beer that I ’ve ever had seems to be impossible to find in Mexico .
It is , however , available in some liquor stores in Colorado .
The brewery is called Cucapá ( pronounced coo-cah - PAW ) , after the native American tribe of the Mexican state of Baja California .
Cucapá began in 2002 as a small brewpub in Mexicali , Mexico , and since then it has become a major production brewery with eight different styles of beer , from a light lager to an imperial stout , plus a barley wine .
Most of its beers have won awards .
At least three Cucapá beers are available in Colorado .
Honey ( 4.5 % ABV ) is a smooth and rich beer with malt flavors that exude notes of toast and sweet bread .
It ’s balanced by a sizeable dosing of hops that makes me think of a grassy meadow filled with wildflowers .
Soothing and earthy notes of wood and honey follow in the background , leaving behind a mild sweetness .
Obscura ( 4.5 % ABV ) is a burgundy - hued brown ale that has a very curious fruitiness to it .
It ’s roasty and robust , but with a light and rounded softness .
Its complex sweetness gives off eyebrow - raising notes of black licorice , brown sugar , toffee , cooked caramel and chocolate .
Chupacabras Pale Ale ( 5.8 % ABV ) could find itself comfortably at home in any American brewpub .
Very rich malt flavors provide big notes of toasted bread , caramel , chocolate - covered toffee and roasted nuts .
A healthy amount of hops follow , bringing elements of pine , grass , grapefruit juice and orange rind .
This tasty beer is by far the most flavorful — and certainly the hoppiest — Mexican beer I ’ve ever had .
Mario Garcia , CEO of Cucapá Brewing , and his brewers are true pioneers in the Mexican craft beer movement , and I ca n’t help but equate them to the first microbrewers in America , circa 30 to 40 years ago .
For that reason , this is definitely one Mexican craft brewer to keep your eyes on .
Almost halfway up Citlaltépetl ’s Jamapa Glacier , with only 1,200 feet to go to the top of the 18,490 - foot mountain , fiercely relentless winds slowed our upward progress to a crawl .
A sandstorm of ice and pumice peppered our faces , and standing was impossible .
So we had no choice but to turn back .
On our descent my mind naturally switched to thoughts of post - climb beers .
Usually , everything in life is sweeter after big climbs .
Food and beer especially tastes richer and more flavorful — even your average , bland and watery Mexican beer .
But on this day , no matter what beer I drank , I just did n’t feel satisfied .
I believe Citlaltépetl stopped us just short of its summit so that we would return someday .
And I ’m sure we will , to finish those last steps to the summit .
But I think I ’ll bring some Cucapá beer from home next time , so that we can drink some real Mexican beer at the post - climb celebration .
Follow Aubrey on Twitter at @AubreyLaurence .
Unusual playground design by Rainer Schmidt Landschaftsarchitekten .
While playground often equiped with many pre-fabricated elements such as swing , ramp , slide etc , Rainer Schmidt 's playground for the BUGA Garden Show in Munich just consist of two material / colors ( tartan and grass ) and without any typical playground elements you would expect .
Landscape as it is provokes children to play and jump around and up and down .
Brilliant idea !
Share Tweet
The Myth of the Seven - Year Itch --
and Why it 's Actually a FOUR - Year Itch
by www.SixWise.com
Marilyn Monroe 's film " The Seven - Year Itch " perpetuated the idea that many married people get restless seven years into their marriage .
Is it true that just around that seven - year mark men and women across the country start longing for infidelity , or at least a little something to spice up their marriage ?
It may not happen this fast , but a leading expert says that American marriages hit a hurdle after the " infatuation phase " ends ( that 's after just two to three years ! ) .
As it turns out , the " itch " is certainly there , but it happens a lot sooner for most of us -- after just four years of matrimony .
Part of Our Biology ?
According to Dr. Helen Fisher , an anthropologist at the Center for Human Evolutionary Studies in the Department of Anthropology at Rutgers University , and author of " Why We Love , " it 's because of " biological programming " that people get antsy after four years .
She has studied over 60 groups of people , from various cultures around the world ( including Australian Aborigines , the Gainj of New Guinea and the Netsilik Eskimos ) , only to find some striking similarities ...
" People around the world tend to divorce during and around the fourth year of marriage , " Fisher says .
The reason , she explains , has not to do with our hidden passions and desires , but rather is simply an expression of our biological desire to reproduce .
Fisher says : " As it turns out , the standard period of human birth spacing was originally four years .
We were built to have our children four years apart and I think that this drive to pair up and stay together at least four years evolved millions of years ago so that a man and a woman would be drawn together and stay together , tolerate each other , at least long enough to rear a single child through infancy . "
The tabloids , too , seem to bear this out .
Just ask Paul McCartney and Heather Mills , Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt , Lance Armstrong and his wife , Kristin , or Madonna and Sean Penn .
All of these couples divorced after four years of marriage .
A key part of keeping your marriage strong is saying nice things .
Happy couples say at least five times as many positive things about their relationship than negative things -- even while they 're arguing .
However , there is a slight , somewhat disheartening , caveat .
If you break the statistics down further to include just Americans , the peak years for divorce are even under the four - year mark , at years two and three .
" Perhaps it is no coincidence that the American divorce peak corresponds perfectly with the normal duration of infatuation -- two to three years , " Fisher says .
If you do make it past the four - year mark ( or at least the two - and three - year marks ) , you 're in luck .
Divorce rates decline gradually with each year of marriage that goes by , according to Fisher .
What to Do if You 're Feeling an " Itch " in Your Marriage
In order for any marriage to succeed , both partners must be willing to put in the effort needed to keep things fresh , fair and fulfilling .
If you hit a snag along the way , and most people do , the following tips from respected marriage researcher Dr. John Gottman , author of The Relationship Cure , can help to keep your marriage strong .
If you 're having problems , seek help right away .
The average couple waits six years before seeking marital counseling , according to Gottman , which means they 're living unhappily for far too long .
Keep critical things to yourself .
" Editing yourself " sometimes is a key secret of happy couples .
Talk about your problems , but do so gently and without blame .
Starting a discussion with a criticism or accusation is a surefire way to escalate the conflict .
Men , accept influence from your wife .
According to Gottman , a marriage can only be successful if a man can listen to and be influenced by his wife .
Why ?
Studies show that most women easily accept influence from men , so a " true partnership " can only be formed if the man can also do this .
Do n't accept hurtful behavior .
Having high standards of how you expect to be treated helps couples stay happy in the long run .
Do n't let arguments get out of control .
The happiest couples are those who can repair an argument ( by changing the topic , saying something caring or looking at the humorous side ) and then let it go ( by backing down , showing understanding or letting your partner know that you 're in it together ) .
Say positive things .
Couples in happy marriages make at least five times as many positive statements about their relationship than negative ones -- even while talking about a problem , according to Gottman .
Recommended Reading The Top 5 Things Couples Argue About Infidelity and Forgiveness : What The Experts Say Sources The Gottman Institute Psychology Today ABC News 20 /20 The Register To get more information about this and other highly important topics , sign up for your free subscription to our weekly SixWise.com " Be Safe , Live Long & Prosper " e-newsletter .
With every issue of the free SixWise.com newsletter , you ’ll get access to the insights , products , services , and more that can truly improve your well - being , peace of mind , and therefore your life !
Share Tweet
Ed Miliband latest victim of Twitter scam as sex message and viagra link sent to 7,000 followers
Scam : Ed Miliband 's Twitter account was hacked
Cabinet minister Ed Miliband was left embarrassed after apparently sending saucy messages to thousands of people on social networking site Twitter .
Mr Miliband 's unusually personal message , which was delivered to around 7,000 of his followers at breakfast time yesterday , boasted : ' hhey , i've been having better sex and longer with this here ' .
The ' tweet ' , which appeared alongside a picture of a smiling Mr Miliband , was followed by a link to another website .
Followers are friends and other subscribers who have signed up to receive any messages sent by a certain user .
The Energy Secretary later admitted that he had become prey to an internet sex scam sweeping Westminster .
In a genuine tweet , he wrote : ' Oh dear , it seems like I have fallen victim to Twitter 's latest " phishing scam " . '
Mr Miliband was not the only person at Westminster to be targeted by internet hijackers .
Harriet Harman , leader of the Commons , also revealed that a tweet had been sent from her account without her knowledge to a surprised Alan Duncan , Tory prisons spokesman .
Message :
The cabinet member 's 6,664 received this tweet this morning
Miss Harman did not reveal what was in the bogus message , but set MPs ' imaginations racing when she told them : ' I would n't ever send a tweet like that . '
Internet experts last night warned that MPs were being naive in their use of the internet in their efforts to appear closer to voters .
They said that politicians had fallen foul of a con where an account is hijacked and used to send out junk mail .
To become a victim , the user must click on a false link and enter their details .
Response :
This genuine tweet was posted moments later by Mr Miliband
Harriet Harman's
Twitter account sent a fake message to shadow prisons minister Alan Duncan
Graham Cluley , a consultant at computer security firm Sophos , said : ' There is an election around the corner and increasing numbers of MPs are keen to show that they are " down with the kids " and embracing new technology .
' Politicians need to take internet security much more seriously . '
Mr Miliband 's brother David , the Foreign Secretary , was last year forced to deny being the author of a spoof tweet after the death of Michael Jackson , which read : ' Never has one soared so high and yet dived so low .
RIP Michael .'
[ This post was co-written with Nigel Jones , who maintains an excellent embedded blog Stack Overflow .
Nigel and I share an interest in volatile pitfalls in embedded C/C++ and this post resulted from an email discussion we had .
Since we both have blogs , we decided to both post it .
However , since comments are not enabled here , all discussion should take place at Nigel ’s post . ]
Once in awhile one finds oneself having to read a device register , but without needing nor caring what the value of the register is .
A typical scenario is as follows .
You have written some sort of asynchronous communications driver .
The driver is set up to generate an interrupt upon receipt of a character .
In the ISR , the code first of all examines a status register to see if the character has been received correctly ( e.g. no framing , parity or overrun errors ) .
If an error has occurred , what should the code do ?
Well , in just about every system we have worked on , it is necessary to read the register that contains the received character — even though the character is useless .
If you do n’t perform the read , then you will almost certainly get an overrun error on the next character .
Thus you find yourself in the position of having to read a register even though its value is useless .
The question then becomes , how does one do this in C ?
In the following examples , assume that SBUF is the register holding the data to be discarded and that SBUF is understood to be volatile .
The exact semantics of the declaration of SBUF vary from compiler to compiler .
If you are programming in C and if your compiler correctly supports the volatile qualifier , then this simple code suffices :
void cload_reg1 ( void ) { SBUF ; }
This certainly looks a little strange , but it is completely legal C and should generate the requisite read , and nothing more .
For example , at the - Os optimization level , the MSP430 port of GCC gives this code :
cload_reg1 : mov &SBUF , r15 ret
Unfortunately , there are two practical problems with this C code .
First , quite a few C compilers incorrectly translate this code , although the C standard gives it an unambiguous meaning .
We tested the code on a variety of general - purpose and embedded compilers , and present the results below .
These results are a little depressing .
The second problem is even scarier .
The problem is that the C++ standard is not 100 % clear about what the code above means .
On one hand , the standard says this :
In general , the semantics of volatile are intended to be the same in C++ as they are in C .
A number of C++ compilers , including GCC and LLVM , generate the same code for cload_reg1 ( ) when compiling in C++ mode as they do in C mode .
On the other hand , several high - quality C++ compilers , such as those from ARM , Intel , and IAR , turn the function cload_reg1 ( ) into object code that does nothing .
We discussed this issue with people from the compiler groups at Intel and IAR , and both gave essentially the same response .
Here we quote ( with permission ) from the Intel folks :
The operation that turns into a load instruction in the executable code is what the C++ standard calls the lvalue - to - rvalue conversion ; it converts an lvalue ( which identifies an object , which resides in memory and has an address ) into an rvalue ( or just value ; something whose address ca n’t be taken and can be in a register ) .
The C++ standard is very clear and explicit about where the lvalue - to - rvalue conversion happens .
Basically , it happens for most operands of most operators – but of course not for the left operand of assignment , or the operand of unary ampersand , for example .
The top - level expression of an expression statement , which is of course not the operand of any operator , is not a context where the lvalue - to - rvalue conversion happens .
In the C standard , the situation is somewhat different .
The C standard has a list of the contexts where the lvalue - to - rvalue conversion does n’t happen , and that list does n’t include appearing as the expression in an expression - statement .
So we ’re doing exactly what the various standards say to do .
It ’s not a matter of the C++ standard allowing the volatile reference to be optimized away ; in C++ , the standard requires that it not happen in the first place .
We think the last sentence sums it up beautifully .
How many readers were aware that the semantics for the volatile qualifier are significantly different between C and C ++?
The additional implication is that as shown below GCC , the Microsoft compiler , and Open64 , when compiling C++ code , are in error .
We asked about this on the GCC mailing list and received only one response which was basically “ Why should we change the semantics , since this will break working code ? ”
This is a fair point .
Frankly speaking , the semantics of volatile in C are a bit of mess and C++ makes the situation much worse by permitting reasonable people to interpret it in two totally different ways .
Experimental Results
To test C and C++ compilers , we compiled the following two functions to object code at a reasonably high level of optimization :
extern volatile unsigned char foo ;
void cload_reg1 ( void ) { foo ; }
void cload_reg2 ( void ) { volatile unsigned char sink ; sink = foo ; }
For embedded compilers that have built - in support for accessing hardware registers , we tested two additional functions where as above , SBUF is understood to be a hardware register defined by the semantics of the compiler under test :
void cload_reg3 ( void ) { SBUF ; } void cload_reg4 ( void ) { volatile unsigned char sink ; sink = SBUF ; }
The results were as follows .
GCC
We tested version 4.4.1 , hosted on x86 Linux and also targeting x86 Linux , using optimization level - Os. The C compiler loads from foo in both cload_reg1 ( ) and cload_reg2 ( ) .
No warnings are generated .
The C++ compiler shows the same behavior as the C compiler .
Intel Compiler
We tested icc version 11.1 , hosted on x86 Linux and also targeting x86 Linux , using optimization level - Os .
The C compiler emits code loading from foo for both cload_reg1 ( ) and cload_reg2 ( ) , without giving any warnings .
The C++ compiler emits a warning “ expression has no effect ” for cload_reg1 ( ) and this function does not load from foo. cload_reg2 ( ) does load from foo and gives no warnings .
Sun Compiler
We tested suncc version 5.10 , hosted on x86 Linux and also targeting x86 Linux , using optimization level - O . The C compiler does not load from foo in cload_reg1 ( ) , nor does it emit any warning .
It does load from foo in cload_reg2 ( ) .
The C++ compiler has the same behavior as the C compiler .
x86-Open64
We tested opencc version 4.2.3 , hosted on x86 Linux and also targeting x86 Linux , using optimization level - Os .
The C compiler does not load from foo in cload_reg1 ( ) , nor does it emit any warning .
It does load from foo in cload_reg2 ( ) .
The C++ compiler has the same behavior as the C compiler .
LLVM / Clang
We tested subversion rev 98508 , which is between versions 2.6 and 2.7 , hosted on x86 Linux and also targeting x86 Linux , using optimization level - Os .
The C compiler loads from foo in both cload_reg1 ( ) and cload_reg2 ( ) .
A warning about unused value is generated for cload_reg1 ( ) .
The C++ compiler shows the same behavior as the C compiler .
CrossWorks for MSP430
We tested version 2.0.8.2009062500.4974 , hosted on x86 Linux , using optimization level - O . This compiler supports only C. foo was not loaded in cload_reg1 ( ) , but it was loaded in cload_reg2 ( ) .
IAR for AVR
We tested version 5.30.6.50191 , hosted on Windows XP , using maximum speed optimization .
The C compiler performed the load in all four cases .
The C++ compiler did not perform the load for cload_reg1 ( ) or cload_reg3 ( ) , but did for cload_reg2 ( ) and cload_reg4 ( ) .
Keil 8051
We tested version 8.01 , hosted on Windows XP , using optimization level 8 , configured to favor speed .
The Keil compiler failed to generate the required load in cload_reg1 ( ) ( but did give at least give a warning ) , yet did perform the load in all other cases including cload_reg3 ( ) suggesting that for the Keil compiler , its IO register ( SFR ) semantics are treated differently to volatile variable semantics .
HI - TECH for PIC16
We tested version 9.70 , hosted on Windows XP , using Global optimization level 9 , configured to favor speed .
This was very interesting in that the results were almost a mirror image to the Keil compiler .
In this case the load was performed in all cases except cload_reg3 ( ) .
Thus the HI - TECH semantics for IO registers and volatile variables also appears to be different – just the opposite to Keil !
No warnings was generated by the Hi-TECH compiler when it failed to generate code .
Microchip Compiler for PIC18
We tested version 3.35 , hosted on Windows XP , using full optimization level .
This rounded out the group of embedded compilers quite nicely in that it did n’t perform the load in either cload_reg1 ( ) or cload_reg3 ( ) – but did in the rest .
It also failed to warn about the statements having no effect .
This was the worst performing of all the compilers we tested .
Summary
The level of non-conformance with the C compilers , together with the genuine uncertainty as to what the C++ compilers should do , provides a real quandary .
If you need the most efficient code possible , then you have no option other than to investigate what your compiler does .
If you are looking for a generally reliable and portable solution , then the methodology in cload_reg2 ( ) is probably your best bet .
However it would be just that : a bet .
Naturally , we ( and the other readers of this blog ) would be very interested to hear what your compiler does .
So if you have a few minutes , please run the sample code through your compiler and let us know the results .
Acknowledgments
We ’d like to thank Hans Boehm at HP , Arch Robison at Intel , and the compiler groups at both Intel and IAR for their valuable feedback that helped us construct this post .
Any mistakes are , of course , ours .
With the Nintendo DSi XL landing in the offices of the gaming press this week , Nintendo saw fit to announce its newest product in its portable line : the Nintendo 3DS .
The company gave limited details via a press release in Japan ; we know the system will use two screens , wo n't require any sort of special glasses , and will be backwards compatible with current DS and DSi games .
The system will be released before the end of the fiscal year , which means the latest we 'll see it in Japan is next March .
The system is expected to make an appearance at this year 's E3 , and we 'll surely be given more information before then .
For now , Nintendo has yet to release any images of the system , or how games will look , or be played .
So how will the 3D effect be displayed ?
We posted a video of a downloadable game that 's out now in Japan that uses head tracking to simulate a 3D image , and since then we 've had time to try the game on a friend 's Japanese DSi during GDC .
By tracking the motion of the system in relation to your eyes , you seem to be able to peer " into " the picture by turning the system this way and that .
It 's a surprisingly effective effect , and some iteration of this system may be used in the 3DS .
Nintendo has a history of announcing hardware upgrades and features that may seem silly at first glance before going on to become huge success .
Many scoffed at the idea of the Nintendo Wii , until lines to play the system at its first E3 showing stretched around the convention .
3D is fresh in the minds of consumers after the success of Avatar , and 3D - capable televisions are expected to make a splash at retail this year .
A portable system that works with all your old games and wo n't require glasses ?
It could be the right product at the right time .
About The Author Kejun Xu , an information architect devoted to user experience research ; a user researcher dedicated to user - centered design ; a usability engineer engaged in … More about Kejun Xu …
Showcase Of Web Design In China : From Imitation To Innovation
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
In our interviews with six well - known designers in China , each of whom wears different hats , the recurring theme was that China ’s Web design industry is rising like a spiral from imitation to innovation and user - centered design .
China is a country with five thousand years of civilization .
It is a multi-national entity extending over a large area of East Asia .
China ’s cultural influence extends across the continent , with customs and writing systems adopted by neighboring countries including Japan , Korea and Vietnam .
China has gone through numerous ups and downs and twists and turns , from wealthy and prosperous ( as during the Tang Dynasty back in 618 –907 AD ) to powerless and colonized ( as during the Qing Dynasty , just around 100 years ago ) .
Now China is reopening its door to the world again , embracing the latest trends , concepts and technologies , the World Wide Web being one of them .
You may be interested in the following related posts :
In our interviews with six well - known designers in China , each of whom wears different hats , the recurring theme was that China ’s Web design industry is rising like a spiral from imitation to innovation and user - centered design .
Chinese Web Design : Dongpai
State Of Affairs
The designers we interviewed had much to say about the direction of Web design in China , the status quo and trends .
The individuals are spread out across four major cities in China , and they are :
Yu Guo Former chief designer at Baidu , China ’s largest search engine .
Current city : Beijing .
Whitecrow Zhu Co-founder of UCDChina , and principal product experience designer at Alipay , a subsidiary of Alibaba .
Current city : Hangzhou .
Junchen Wu Co-founder of UCDChina , and director of products at Tuniu Travel .
Current city : Nanjing .
Co-founder of UCDChina , and director of products at Tuniu Travel .
Current city : Nanjing .
Lytous Zhou Visual designer , UI lead at CK Telecom and author of the book UI Evolutionism .
Current city : Shenzhen .
John Woo Lead of the user - experience team at Google China .
Current city : Beijing .
Rex Song Freelance information architect ; co-founder of UCDChina .
Current city : Beijing .
The interviews were conducted via phone , Skype and Google Talk .
Questions were sent to the designers before the interviews to give them context , but the actual interviews were semi-structured .
Being interested in the scope of their thoughts , we asked them not to limit their answers to just “ Web design . ”
The designers were told that Web design here refers not only to visuals , CSS and the front end , but also the back end , infrastructure , design rationale , cultural elements , user - experience design and research and so on .
We wanted the designers to express their thoughts as openly and as creatively as they wanted to .
MFM Moliyo , a game website .
Question :
How do you see the status quo of Web design in China ?
Yu Guo : Almost 70 % of Chinese Internet users are under 30 years of age .
They are young , open , and they adapt to new things quickly .
They like to play games online and enjoy looking for ways to entertain themselves online .
So , you may see visually attractive elements on many Chinese websites , the purpose of which is to cater to this group of users .
Whitecrow Zhu :
About two years ago , we witnessed a huge trend where designers in China were imitating Korean websites in their use of Flash .
Flashy and colorful design was once the trend .
However , with the introduction of Web 2.0 , websites in China are improving .
Users are exploring the content as opposed to exploring solely the visuals .
Visuals alone do not satisfy Chinese users any more .
They are looking for useful and helpful content , and they want to contribute to the websites as well .
Junchen
Wu :
It ’s on an upward trend , getting better and better , but like a spiral .
In terms of Web knowledge and techniques , Chinese designers are on par with designers in Western countries , but they have not reached the point of fully utilizing that body of knowledge .
An excellent example of this is user research .
Many designers know the concept , but they hardly include it in their design practices .
They know of usability testing , but they rarely do it .
Lytous Zhou :
Well , two points .
One , limited budgets are very common in China ’s Web design market .
As a result , Web design ends up with overwhelming visuals to attract attention .
It might be flashy and pretty at first sight , but the information architecture might not be well planned , and usability can be poor .
Regarding the second point , Chinese Web design tends to be very localized , as it should be .
Chinese web design : Midea Microwave Oven
For example , Alipay , a byproduct of Taobao , became a successful standalone product because it took into consideration the purchasing behavior and psychology of Chinese users .
China is a big country , and some websites are successful because they cater to particular geographical locations .
The other side of the coin is that Chinese Web design is not quite international yet .
It ’s such a huge market and can sustain itself without even reaching out to the international market .
You will see that UCDChina.com and a lot of other Chinese websites do n’t have English versions , even in their navigation .
John Woo : China has not formed one distinctive
Web design style yet , because the country is big , and Chinese users are complicated in many ways .
The impression of foreigners of Chinese Web design might be that it is busy and flashy , but I take it as practical .
When Flash design was the fashion , many designers ( or their bosses ) wanted to use Flash to make their Web pages attractive .
When SNS was booming in the US , it was soon introduced in China , together with the Facebook and Twitter design styles .
When it ’s practical and useful , many Chinese people will just borrow the concept and develop it further .
Baidu , QQ and Taobao won business and respect this way .
Rex Song : China has a large population , and the saying “ the more , the merrier ” applies to its Web design .
You will see some Web pages that are busy and cluttered , with designers or stakeholders trying to put everything on the page .
The other thing is that , currently , the primary motivation to go online for the average web surfer in China is entertainment .
So , Web designers in China tend to make their websites play - ish , SNS - ish and visually attractive , as we saw with the popular trend back in 2004 to imitate Korean Flash websites .
Shoebox
Chinese Web Design
In A Nutshell
So , do you now have a rough idea of the status quo in Chinese Web design ?
Although our interviewees tended not to reduce Web design in China to certain patterns , we summarized a few bullet points based on the topics most frequently mentioned in our interviews .
1. Flash - Heaviness : Born of Imitation
Flash design has been a source of constant debates for years .
The fact that optimizing Flash objects for search engines can be difficult is a major turn - off for some designers .
However , Flash was called out , and it ’s the most frequently mentioned keyword in our interviews .
Back in 2004 , when Korean websites were all in Flash , Chinese designers and business owners considered Flash the “ fashion . ”
Rex Song mentioned that when this trend was extremely popular a few years ago , you could even download ready - made Korean - style Flash ZIP files from online stores for little money , so that you could do it quick without spending a lot of effort .
Google is renowned for its focus on simplicity .
But take a peek at the nuances that distinguish Google China and Google US :
The design of Google China is a bit more vivid than that of Google US , with a hint of animation added to the former to enhance the richness of Google search .
By the way , this concept was first implemented on Google Korea and Japan , although both of them have since reverted to a more static interface .
Although Flash implementation began as imitation , it is now increasingly featured in the portfolios of design studios and freelancers , on websites to launch new products and for products geared to the younger generation .
Shanghai Vive is an old Shanghai cosmetics company that is trying to rebrand and attract high - end consumers .
Its branding uses Flash heavily , depicting an elegant and high - class life .
Cool Bear
Hi , one of the product lines of Great Wall Motor , has a Flash website to promote its new car release .
To accommodate low - speed Internet connections , Cool Bear Hi does a good job of showing the progress of the loading Flash .
The text below the car on Cool Bear Hi changes as more Flash loads .
With the chipper text there to assuage visitors , the loading Flash does n’t seem that boring to watch .
Above are a few screenshots we took , and below is what it says at various points in the loading process :
At 4 % : “ Choose Cool Bear Hi. Share your happiness . ”
At 22 % : “ Wear a smiling face every day , and say Hi to everybody . ”
At 41 % : “ Cool Bear is impatient , ‘ Why has n’t anybody taken me home ! ’ ”
At 70 % : “ Book a test - drive appoint .
Get your special gift and reward points . ”
Mian Dian Fang , a ready - to - serve breakfast company , also uses heavily Flash on its corporate website .
The animation gives the steam bread and “ baozi ” a human touch , having them do morning exercises and other activities .
The metaphor persuades customers that the company serves a healthy breakfast .
Let ’s look at how Mian Dian Fang shows its loading progress :
The loading animation parodies the yeast process : the flour gets bigger and bigger , until you can see a full - blown website .
Shoebox , a shoe brand for the younger generation in China , uses Flash across the whole website to show its grasp of fashion .
In addition , the sketched art on the home page and old brown newspaper color for the background set up Shoebox ’s philosophy : taste is an attitude of life ; start with the simple ; fashion is a kind of sport ; start with Shoebox .
Lenovo Mobile O1 takes advantage of personalities and embeds their stories in Flash to present the features , functionality and usefulness of its new product , Lenovo O1 .
Artlans , an interactive design studio , also uses Flash , especially for its menu buttons , the call to action and the language switcher .
Design studios may not want to use Flash all over their portfolios , but rather in a few key places to show their skill at using Flash for clients .
Idea Design , a design studio that uses Flash in full swing .
2. Designing for Entertainment
We really liked our one - on - one interviews because not only did we hear different stories from different people , but we also heard certain other stories from everyone .
For example , Whitecrow , Lytous , Yu , and Rex all talked about the “ entertainmentalization ” of Chinese Web design .
“ When a social networking website comes to China , it must become a game website , ” said Whitecrow .
A case in point is a feature provided by Kaixin.com ( Kaixin means “ happy ” ) , which recently spurred a social phenomenon in China : “ Stealing vegetables . ”
Kaixin pretty much copied Facebook ’s navigation and user interaction .
But it ’s different in what it allows you to do : set up your “ Happy Farm , ” build your house , grow your own vegetables and then steal your friends ’ vegetables when they are ready to be harvested .
Some dedicated players even made Excel spreadsheets to track their friends ’ harvest season in order to expedite stealing .
It ’s like any other video game but embedded on a social networking website , allowing you to play with a wider variety of users .
“ Stealing vegetables ” became so popular that it drew the attention of censors from China ’s Ministry of Culture .
Under pressure from the Ministry , the game is now called “ Picking vegetables , ” a less offensive euphemism for mainstream Chinese culture .
Online players still prefer the more accurate name .
Happy Farm
Happy Ranch
Happy Orchard
The application was recently added to Facebook , but it is only for Chinese - speaking users at this time .
Lipton Milk Tea features a “ Hug Relay ” game that you can play right on the website .
Hug your friends by validating your account on Renren , another social networking website in China , and gain hug points .
Once you accumulate enough hug points , you can shop on the online store and purchase gifts , an incentive to maintain momentum in the game :
Like Lipton , M&M China also uses an online “ relay ” game to engage visitors to its website .
I Love G3 , a website from China Mobile to promote the 3G network and 3G cell phones , presents an animated Flash questionnaire for users to play around with .
After you have answered a series of questions such as , “ How would you kill time on a train ? ” and “ How would you cross the ocean ? ” the system analyzes your personality and recommends 3G cell phones to match you :
3. Designing for Clicks
Unlike Latin and Germanic languages , Chinese is rooted in hieroglyphic characters .
Typing in Chinese on an alphabet - based keyboard can be slow , especially for middle - aged and older users .
So , you will see that some website user interfaces are extremely busy : text and image links everywhere — ” the more , the merrier , ” as Rex Song points out .
These websites are designed for clicking , as opposed to searching ( although keyword search is an essential component of any information - rich website ) .
Yoho , an online shopping platform for the younger generation , takes advantage of every sliver of real estate on the page to promote its products .
Yes , a search box is in the top - right for you to search , but with all of these images and hyperlinks , it ’s more enticing to just click , click , click .
It ’s the same with China Visual , a visual design resource portal .
The home page presents all sections of the website as text and image links , giving you a quick peek of the content .
NetEase ( aka 163.com ) , one of the largest news portals in China , takes full advantage of the Web reading pattern of Chinese users : i.e. clicking .
Above is a screenshot of NetEase ’s home page .
The Chinese lunar New Year was approaching when we were writing this article , and you can see that this website uses red , a color symbolic of festivals , for the background .
The page is filled with headlines of news and featured articles as well as ad spots .
You can perform a search at the top of the page , but by scanning the entire page , you get a sense of what ’s happening today .
And if you ’re interested in any of the headlines , just click — that easy .
All that said , many websites are working to unclutter their UI , increase the font size and line spacing and enhance readability .
“ Sina.com , if you have been paying attention to its redesigns all the way back to the late 1990s , is doing better and better at information design , ” said John Woo , lead of the Google China UX team .
4. Designing for Culture
When asked , “ Can the world learn anything from Chinese web design ? ” Lytous Zhou answered without hesitation : “ Culture .
The Chinese respect Dao , and we have our own set of values and mores .
Websites targeted to the Chinese market should follow the online habits and aesthetics of Chinese users .
For example , cultural symbols , calligraphic elements and festivities : all of these could be integrated into a Web design if applicable .
A lake may just be a lake , but associating a fairy tale with a lake makes it prettier . ”
True , if you add a fairy tale and human touch to a lake , the user ’s perception of it would change .
Pizza Hut China , which is an example I like to use every time I explain cultural differences , uses Chinese elements heavily all over its website : in the color scheme and family theme .
Warm reds and yellows are colors symbolic of festivity in China , and the family dinner is highly regarded in Chinese society .
By comparison , Pizza Hut US highlights fast food and online ordering on its home page .
Red is also Pizza Hut US ’ theme color , but it ’s more solid , darker and cooler than the warm red on the Chinese website .
Same with McDonald ’s China website , where one main menu is dedicated to the “ Happy Family Party . ”
Tong2 Studio has a unique look and feel with this traditional Chinese floral pattern on its background .
Six Station , whose home page is a Chinese ink and watercolor painting in Flash , opens its creative and innovative mind to clients .
Dongpai Design , an interactive design studio , has an interesting mini-website that borrows from the “ Three Kingdom ” story ( a period of Chinese history ) to communicate its design philosophy and values .
While John
Woo points out that incorporating national and cultural elements into design is not limited to the Web , he acknowledges the practicality of Chinese Web design — that designers will borrow anything that might be useful to them or their users .
Want An Even Bigger Showcase ?
Not enough visuals for you ?
Here is a whole bunch of more websites to give you a better sense of design in China .
UI Seven A design studio .
IDT A personal showcase that records the designer ’s 12 - year love affair with his girlfriend ( now wife ) and his own professional growth as the Web evolved during those years .
Youguan Cookies Also uses Flash animation to promote its product line .
Xin Hongru
An interactive design agency that uses both Chinese elements and Flash to showcase its work .
Thinkpad Edge A new product line of the Thinkpad laptop .
Moliyo MFM
An online video game website , designed for clicks .
361 Sports Borrows the theme of the 2010 Guangzhou Asian Games for its home page .
Dove Chocolate China Uses Chinese elements and the lunar New Year to decorate its home page .
BangbangWa
A snack company whose website is rich in games and Flash .
Brain Town A personal portfolio website .
ShuXia A platform to showcase the creations of members .
Jossy Jo A clothing brand .
Apsou
An interactive consulting agency .
Mole Lele A cartoonist ’s personal website .
WEBE7 Enterprise Network Interactive A portfolio website .
Sanshen Toscana
A real - estate website that relies heavily on Flash .
Wotoon Design A design agency .
Shaopan Film Studio
X’mas Tree Workshop
A mini games website where you can create your own Christmas tree and send it as an e-card to your friends .
The GF Space A design agency .
HAHA DIY A neat website for DIY home ornaments .
Yimei Cross Stitch
Happy Basket Designed for clicks .
WuHansoufang A pretty cool Flash website .
Chateau Junding A domestic wine brand .
TIIDA Incorporates a family theme into its Flash design .
Magic Workshop
A kids clothing company , using Flash - animated cartoons to capture the company ’s culture .
JJ Ying A neat personal portfolio website .
Beijing Orange Advertising A creative showcase website .
Nescafe Another website rich in both games and Flash .
Yee Chino A restaurant .
Gold Chino
The sister restaurant of Yee Chino .
Guoguo Diary
A fairly simple but creative personal website .
Rancho Santa
Fe A real - estate developer in Shanghai .
Challenges , Opportunities , Trends
Challenges
When it comes to challenges in the Internet industry , one of the frustrations mentioned by Whitecrow , Junchen , Rex and Lytous is government censorship .
YouTube , Twitter , Facebook , and Flickr are all blocked in China because some of their content is considered “ inappropriate . ”
And for compliance purposes , “ Sina Microblogging has a team of humans whose job is to censor content , in addition to machine filtering , ” says Whitecrow .
The international debate on how free and open the Internet should be is ongoing ( see Nussbaum , 2010 ) , and there is still no universal “ policy ” for the Internet .
But without an open environment , China could be impeded from learning from and catching up to other countries .
Still , every coin has two sides .
“ It limits your freedom , ” says Whitecrow Zhu , “ but meanwhile , it has a positive effect on UI design and content presentation .
There is less room for gimmicks .
It forces you to concentrate on useful content and how to present your content . ”
The other challenge mentioned by Junchen Wu and Rex Song was the lack of quality educational programs : “ Vocational schools might teach you how to use Photoshop and Dreamweaver and how to code in HTML , CSS and JavaScript , but they may not teach you design thinking and the logic behind design .
The World Wide Web is still young , and at higher - education institutions we have not seen any Information Architecture or User Experience Design degrees yet . ”
Our interviews did point to the fact that designers in China have not yet taken full advantage of rigorous research methodologies .
Take what Junchen
Wu said about the status quo of Chinese Web design : “ Many designers know the concept , but they hardly include it in their design practices .
They know of usability testing , but they rarely do it . ”
And in response to the question , “ How do you convince stakeholders that a design is right ? ” Rex Song brought up the notion of “ guanxi ” and trust , and he thought the concept A/B and multivariate testing was “ Western ” and might yield a “ low ROI . ”
This is understandable on the one hand , because China has a long history of interpretive reasoning , be it Confucianism or Daoism .
On the other hand , Chinese Web designers in general have a long way to go in using hard data to back up their design choices .
One might argue that the designer ’s job is simply to design , the fact is that you need reasons to support your decisions that affect layout , color scheme , positioning of elements , user interaction and so on .
Only “ 25 % of the designers who relied on their personal opinion were right .
A research study conducted by the Neilsen Norman Group ( 2009 ) concluded that “ you ’d be better off tossing a coin than asking advice of these people . ”
This cannot , of course , be said of everyone , but it speaks to the importance of data .
Opportunities and Trends
We were inspired in all six interviews by the discussion of the opportunities and trends in Chinese Web design .
Question :
What trends do you foresee in Chinese Web design ?
Yu Guo : E-commerce , I would say .
Do you know Taobao ?
Some of my female colleagues have bought soy sauce , pickles and snacks that I ’ve never heard of at Taobao .
They love it .
This is the market in China , and there is demand .
I think every company should take advantage of it .
[ Authors ’ note : Taobao is one of the largest shopping platforms in China to connect buyers and sellers of “ baobei ” ( treasures ) .
Out of curiosity , we searched for chocolate on Taobao and found those seasonal truffles that are sold around Thanksgiving and Christmas exclusively at Costco , the largest warehouse membership club in the US . ]
Whitecrow Zhu : I think Web design in China is moving towards integrating more and more user - generated content .
Douban , an online book and movie club , is a good example .
Like YouTube , the majority of the website ’s content is user - generated , and it has been pretty successful .
Douban existed before YouTube , by the way .
Several years down the line , e-commerce in China will be in full bloom .
E- commerce is not tied to any ideology other than simple economics and consumer interest .
It has less of a chance of being censored , and people demand it .
Junchen Wu : Creating more value for customers .
Listen to what they say , look at what they do , do what they do and think what they think .
My belief is that Chinese Web design is getting better and better , in an upward - spiral trend .
Lytous Zhou : Focus on users and your service .
I do n’t think we ’ll see anything unnecessarily extravagant , like crammed content and excessive visuals .
Features , functionality , industry standards and meeting customer needs are the trends , I believe .
And you ’ve got to think outside of the box .
John Woo : Functional , useful and usable .
Making websites flashy , with lots of reds and greens , is absolutely unnecessary .
Focus on user essentials and user needs .
Though not a website , the Tianyu ( KTouch ) cell phone is very popular in China these days , and I bought six for my family : four with big font display and handwriting input for my parents and parents - in - law , one with 3 x optical zoom and an 800 MP camera , and one that looks like lady ’s powder case ( see picture below ) .
Tianyu was a “ Shanzhai ” manufacturer but is now a registered company with a pretty good share of China ’s cell phone market .
Why ?
It focuses on user essentials and basic needs .
Websites are no different .
[ Authors ’ note : “ Shanzhai ” literally means “ villages in the mountain with stockade houses . ”
The use of shanzhai became popular with the outstanding sales of shanzhai cell phones .
Although shanzhai companies do not use branding as a marketing strategy , they are known for their flexibility in design to meet specific market needs .
Shanzhai cell phones can be sold at prices much lower than normal cell phones .
( Wikipedia , 2010 ) ]
Rex Song :
In terms of online trends , we will develop our own Web design style using the backdrop of Chinese culture .
Formatting - wise , we will be in line with the mainstream world , creating more user - centered designs and offering a better user experience .
Wrapping Up
The Web in China is young , and Chinese designers are playing catch - up .
Despite the challenges , we see even more opportunities : smart people , a big market , increasing demand , flexibility and innovative and user - centered design thinking .
On many Chinese websites , we ’ve already seen the “ upward - spiral trend from imitation to innovation and user - centered design ” .
Innovation in China is a constant goal .
It is being pushed in President Hu Jingtao ’s State speech all the way down to classroom curricula .
Says Bruce Nussbaum ( 2009 ) , “ To its credit , China has made design a national priority and is pouring billions of yuan into design education . ”
Through our interviews , we also collected some resources that our designers would like to share with Smashing Magazine readers ( including those in languages other than Chinese ) .
Events
UCDChina Book Club Meetups
These monthly meet - ups occur on the third Sunday of every month in China ’s eight major cities : Beijing , Shanghai , Nanjing , Shenzhen , Guangzhou , Hangzhou , Xiamen and Chengdu .
They set a topic for each month , and club members can borrow the books from UCDChina library and return them at the next meet - up .
UCDChina Annual Conference
The first conference was held in Guangzhou in 2009 .
It ’s free to attend .
UPA China Annual Conference
The UPA China Chapter conference , different from UPA International .
The conference is usually held on “ Usability Day ” every year .
Designer and Developer Front End Technology Forum A biannual forum for designers and front - end developers in China .
Books , Blogs and Online Resources
Your Voice Is Important to Us
What do you think about the Web design in China ?
We could n’t cover everything in one post , and we are sure we have missed some perspectives .
We look forward to hearing your feedback !
Related Posts
You may be interested in the following related posts :
About the Authors
This guest post was written by Kejun Xu and Hendry Lee .
Kejun Xu , an information architect devoted to user experience research ; a user researcher dedicated to user - centered design ; a usability engineer engaged in making the Web easier to use ; and a translator and interpreter who loves inter-cultural communication and bridging people together .
She designs for her users , making their lives easier and hassle - free .
She blogs once a while , about UXRnD , to record the auto parts and loose diamonds , in case she forgets .
Henry Lee helps people overcome strategic and technical challenges in starting and growing their blogs .
Read more of his blog tips , including website building with blog software , strategies , hosting , social media , Web writing , design and more .
You can also hire his team at Marketing Loop to build a Web presence for your business or personal website .
Stay in touch with Hendry by following him on Twitter .
Posted by : Sylvain Le Gall
Date : 2010-03-10 09:53
Summary : OCaml Meeting 2010 , 3 weeks before end of subscription
Project : OCaml Meeting ( deprecated )
For the third time , I am proud to invite all OCaml enthusiasts to join us at OCaml Meeting 2010 in Paris .
This year event takes place in Paris on Friday 16th April 2010 .
Subscription is opened and will be closed on Friday 2nd April 2010 .
Presentations include :
* Enforcing Type -Safe Linking using Inter - Package Relationships for OCaml Debian packages
* The Ocamlviz visualization toolkit
* Cluster computing in Ocaml
* Ocaml in a web startup
* React , functional reactive programming for OCaml
* OASIS , a Cabal like system for OCaml
* OPA , same web , but with types and lambda
* OC4MC , Objective Caml for MultiCore
* Lwt , Cooperative Light - Weight Threads
* naclgrid : the collaborative rendering farm , a JoCaml - powered desktop grid
The meeting is sponsored by INRIA , the Caml Consortium and OCamlCore .
Inscription is free but the number of participants is limited .
Further information and inscriptions :
http://wiki.cocan.org/events/europe/ocamlmeetingparis2010
The day after OCaml Meeting , Mehdi Dogguy from PPS helps me to organize an informal day where OCaml teams can meet to work .
We will have 2 classrooms , each can host 45 persons .
There will be an internet access and a blackboard in each room .
Inscription is free .
Further information and inscriptions :
http://wiki.cocan.org/events/europe/ocamlhackingday2010
Volunteers willing to help before / during these events can contact me directly .
We are particularly looking for a video team .
You can also forward this invitation to any groups that can be interested in ( Haskell user group , CUFP mailing list ... )
For people who need further information , you can contact me ( see wiki.cocan.org for contact details ) .
Sylvain Le Gall on behalf of the OCaml Meeting organization team .
A day after their fight was declared dead , Floyd Mayweather Jr. said Thursday night that he still wants to fight Manny Pacquiao .
Their tentative March 13 megafight -- which many believe will be the most lucrative fight in boxing history if it happens -- was called off Wednesday night by Top Rank 's Bob Arum , Pacquiao 's promoter , after mediation failed to resolve their issues over drug testing protocol .
Arum blamed Mayweather for the fight falling apart , but Mayweather came out swinging on Thursday .
" Throughout this whole process I have remained patient but at this point I am thoroughly disgusted that Pacquiao and his representatives are trying to blame me for the fight not happening when clearly the blame is on them , " Mayweather said in a statement .
" First and foremost , not only do I want to fight Manny Pacquiao , I want to whip his punk ass . "
The final issue in the negotiation was drug testing .
They agreed to unlimited random urine testing , but Mayweather also insisted on random blood testing , even though the Nevada State Athletic Commission , which would oversee the bout at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas , requires only urine testing .
Pacquiao ( 50 - 3 - 2 , 38 KOs ) did n't want blood testing but later relented and agreed to three blood tests : one during the week of the kickoff news conference , which would have taken place next week , one random test to be conducted no later than 30 days before the fight and a final test in his dressing room after the fight .
Mayweather ( 40 - 0 , 25 KOs ) would be subject to the same testing procedures .
When they could not come to an agreement , Top Rank and Golden Boy Promotions , which represents Mayweather , turned to a mediator , retired judge Daniel Weinstein , who had successfully mediated a series of disputes between Top Rank and Golden Boy in 2007 .
But after nine hours in mediation on Tuesday in Santa Monica , Calif. , and further attempts to come to a resolution on Wednesday failed , the fight was pronounced dead by the Pacquiao camp .
The mediation was largely about coming up with a suitable time frame in which to cut off the testing before the fight .
Pacquiao moved off his hard - line stance of no testing inside 30 days from the fight by agreeing to 24 days during mediation .
" We agreed to move the drug testing to 24 days under the supervision of the Nevada commission and Mayweather still would n't budge , " Michael Koncz , Pacquiao 's adviser , told ESPN.com from the Philippines on Wednesday night after the fight was declared dead .
The Pacquiao camp blamed Mayweather for his unwillingness to move off his desire for random testing until the fight .
Mayweather disputed that on Thursday .
" Before the mediation , my team proposed a 14 - day , no blood testing window leading up to the fight .
But it was rejected , " Mayweather said .
" I am still proposing the 14 - day window but he is still unwilling to agree to it , even though this is obviously a fair compromise on my part as I wanted the testing to be up until the fight and he wanted a 30 day cutoff .
The truth is he just does n't want to take the tests .
" In my opinion it is Manny Pacquiao and his team who are denying the people a chance to see the biggest fight ever .
I know the people will see through their smoke screens and lies .
I am ready to fight and sign the contract .
Manny needs to stop making his excuses , step up and fight . "
The drug testing became a major issue when Floyd Mayweather Sr. , the father of the fighter , made several public remarks accusing Pacquiao of using performance - enhancing drugs without a shred of proof .
Mayweather Jr. later made similar remarks about him using PEDs , even though Pacquiao denies it and has never failed a drug test .
The accusations led Pacquiao to file a defamation lawsuit last week in Nevada U.S. District Court against Mayweather Jr. , Mayweather Sr. , Roger Mayweather , Mayweather Promotions and Golden Boy officials Richard Schaefer and Oscar De La Hoya .
If the welterweight title bout is to be saved , and go forward on March 13 , the camps likely have until Friday or Saturday to work things out and kick off the promotion as planned early next week in New York .
Dan Rafael covers boxing for ESPN.com .
Of course the absence of any actual fact - based Mass Effect 3 facts leaves the shuttle doors wide open for us to throw out a few educated guesses and optimistic wishes about what we think / hope will be in the trilogy 's final game .
Let the guessing begin ...
Note : Yes .
There are Mass Effect spoilers in this article .
We 'll get to see more of Earth
The Mass Effect codexgives a brief idea of what our home world is like in the 22nd Century , but the opportunity to take a trip to see what future Earth looks like would be awesome .
BioWare knows it would be awesome , so we 're anticipating a visit to the Sol System 's most exciting planet .
Surviving squad members will be active from the start of the game
The vast majority of Mass Effect 2 was spent gathering troops and subsequently playing social worker by sorting out their personal problems .
Doing that all over again would be undesirable madness .
That said , we would n't be surprised to see Wrex , Liara and / or Ashley / Kaiden join Shepard 's crew for the showdown with the Reapers .
It 'll be possible to revive a dead squad member
Fallen comrades are conveniently stored on board the Normandy and Cerberus brought Shepard back from deadness at the start of Mass Effect 2 , so what 's stopping any dead squad members being similarly restored at the start of Mass Effect 3 ?
Admittedly , it took two years to rebuild Shepard and the Reaper threat seems pretty imminent ... but we 're desperately hoping someone invents an accelerated reanimation device between games .
We do n't want our Tali to be dead forever .
A cure will be found for the genophage .
And Shepard will have the option to save or destroy it
It 's been a strong thread throughout the Mass Effect story so far and it seems logical that BioWare will give closure to the genophage sub - plot in the final game .
It depends purely on your own morality whether you think the krogan - culling biological weapon was a good or bad thing in the first place .
So if a cure is found , it 's subsequent distribution or destruction would make for a pretty tough choice to call .
Let the krogan continue along the path to extinction ?
Or risk the war - happy reptiles once again becoming an overwhelming force ?
We 'll get to see what a quarian face looks like
We 've spent an unhealthy amount of our lives wondering what the bloody hell Jawas look like and , frankly , we do n't want to go through it all again with the quarians .
They have two eyes , lips and teeth .
We know this .
But we want to see a quarian face before Mass Effect 3 is done .
If they die when stripped of their enviro - suit helmet ... so be it .
It 's a sacrifice we 're willing to make .
The Illusive Man will be ...
EVIL
Could go either way this one .
But the steely robotic eyes , the constant smoking , heavy drinking and being an all - round secretive sort make us think that there 's definitely something sinister about the Cerberus honcho .
Mass Effect 2 really missed having a villain like Saren to go up against and Mr Illusive has all the makings of a proper evil bastard .
Whether it's the Illusive Man or not , we 're sure Mass Effect 3 will have a main antagonist for Shepard to go up against .
The Reapers may be the threat , but for all their galaxy - conquering bad - assery , a race of intelligent warships lack a little something in personality .
Joker will die
Undoubtedly some squad members will croak it based on a player 's decisions , but we 've got a gut feeling that Joker is going to meet his maker in the final act .
Him and Shepard are pretty tight and - while he could be killed in his briefly playable ME2 segment - his survival has always seemed the most guaranteed of the whole Normandy crew .
If BioWare 's looking to spring a real unexpected death on us , then Joker has to be the prime candidate .
So that 's what we 're expecting .
EDI will be given a body .
Ideally a sexy robot one
As spherical , holographic artificial intelligences go , EDI was pretty hot .
Probably something to do with her metallic yet sultry voice .
We 'd like her to play a more active role .
All it would take is a quick upload into the frame of a sexy robot and Shepard would have a new squad member .
At the climax , Shepard will have to choose between saving the galaxy or selling humanity out to the Reapers
What better way to finish the trilogy than with the ultimate Paragon / Renegade choice - making humdinger ?
We know the Reapers are manipulative little monkeys and the Harbinger has a special , unexplained interest in Shepard ( at points the Harbinger can be heard saying " Preserve Shepard 's body if possible " ) .
If the Reaper 's made an attempt to recruit / indoctrinate Shepard ( in the same way Sovereign took control of Saren ) during the course of Mass Effect 3 , then a ' save / destroy humanity ' choice would n't be implausible .
And it would literally be the best moral choice in a game ever .
And there we are .
Some incredibly speculative and entirely made - up ideas of what we think will happen in Mass Effect 3 .
Are we way off track ?
Do you have your own ideas as to how ME3 will wrap things up .
Let us know your thinkings in the comments .
Robot Wants Kitty
Help the robot catch the kitty in this one - level platformer .
The robot is a bit limited at first , and will need to collect special parts scattered throughout the level in order to reach the furry prize .
The Jerusalem Post
Post
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
A dangerous and addictive drug that was originally developed by Nazi scientists to boost the endurance of Axis soldiers , and which causes users to become aggressive and violent , is being smuggled into Israel from Thailand in ever - larger amounts , has learned .
In Thailand , the methamphetamine - based drug is known as “ Yaba ” ( crazy medicine ) , and in the West , it is often referred to as “ Nazi Speed ” or “ Hitler ’s drug .
” On Sunday , the anti-narcotics 747 Unit , based at Ben-Gurion Airport , together with customs officers from the narcotics department seized 5,000 pills of Yaba that were hidden in a package mailed from Thailand .
In 2009 , the unit intercepted 10,219 Yaba pills .
“ That ’s 15 times more than what we seized in 2008 , ” Ch. - Supt .
Gadi Barel , head of investigations and intelligence with the Ben- Gurion Airport police , told theon Monday morning .
Yaba has a long history in Thailand , where the drug was banned in the 1970s .
Barel said Yaba became popular among fishermen there , before spreading to truck drivers , construction workers , police officers and even students who were working night shifts .
“ We know that in Bangkok there are over a million addicts .
In Thailand , the drug costs NIS 30 to NIS 40 .
In Laos , where it is produced , it costs NIS 2.5 .
In Israel , the pill is sold for NIS 200 to NIS 300 , ” Barel said .
Now the drug threatens to spread to the Israeli club scene , where it rivals other narcotics such as Ecstasy , also an amphetamine .
“ We still do n’t know if it is spreading among Israelis , but it is fair to assume that it is .
On the other hand , Israelis are very scared of this drug .
The side affects are known , and the drug has caused a great deal of violence , ” Barel said .
“ This is one of the most popular synthetic drugs in the world .
It has a very fast influence .
It ’s mainly aimed at Thai workers .
It allows them to work for two days straight , ” he said .
“ Aggressiveness and violence are noticeable side affects , ” Barel continued .
“ It arrives in pill form from Thailand .
The tablets have the letters WY stamped on them .
They are usually orange or red , and sometimes green , ” he said .
Police say
Thai workers have smuggled the drug on their bodies whenthey flew to Israel , but note that in recent months , airmail has becomethe trafficking method of choice .
“ We work closely with drugs customs and hold joint operations to make interceptions , ” Barel said .
Police and customs use a variety of methods to sort through mail packages , including sniffer dogs .
No arrests have yet been made over the recent interception , but policehave notified Thai authorities through the Israel Police attaché toBangkok , Barel said .
The young woman seated next to us at the sushi bar exuded a vaguely exotic air ; her looks and style , we thought , made it likely that she was not American born .
But then she spoke in perfect American English , even ending her declarative sentences in that rising questioning lilt characteristic of many young Californians .
As it turns out , however , she was n’t from these parts after all ; she was born in Iran and spoke only Farsi until her arrival here two years ago .
What classes , we wondered , had she attended to learn the language so well ?
“ I did n’t , ” she said .
“ I used RosettaStone . ”
Those yellow boxes sold at shopping - mall and airport kiosks may be the most recognizable example of PC - based language learning , but it certainly is n’t the only one .
A successful 24 - hour strike was held across Greece on February 24 , 2010 against social - democratic PASOK government to make the workers pay for the capitalist crisis .
Working people mobilised and participated in mass rallies organised by PAME ( the All Workers ’ Militant Front ) , regional trade union organisations , as well as hundreds of trade unions .
The majority of the workers showed their opposition to the trade union federations in the private ( GSEE ) and public sectors ( ADEDY ) .
There demonstrations in 70 cities .
A blockade of the Athens stock exchange building on February 23 by PAME played a significant role in the building and success of the strike .
“ Plutocracy must pay for the crisis ” was the protesters ' slogan .
Their placards revealed : “ Here is the money : the deposits of the enterprises were in 2004 : 36 billion euros ; in 2009 : 136 billion euros .
250,000 workers receive a salary of 740 euros .
At the same time , 700 billion euros are in the pockets of the big enterprises .
PASOK and New Democracy ( ND ) filled the pockets of bankers from 233 billion to 579 billion . ”
On the day of the strike thousands of working people and students joined the picket lines at the gates of the factories and other workplaces .
In Athens , a mass rally was held at Omonia square , in the city centre .
The chair of the trade union federation of workers ’ in the printing industry , Yiannis Tolis , delivered a speech : “ The forces of capital and its political representatives understand that the more they blackmail and intimidate the workers , the more they try to mislead them and place new burdens upon them , the more anger and indignation they cause .
They dread the perspective of the general uprising of the workers and for that reason the government along with the employers , the opposition , the ND and the European Union , as well as their instruments and the parties , have created a united front .
They are mistaken if they believe that they can manipulate the peoples ’ will , once it is on the path of the class struggle .
History has proved that when the river flows it cannot retrace its path . ”
Representatives of immigrants and Students ’ Struggle Front ( MAS ) extended a greeting at the mobilisation .
The protesters then marched on the Greek parliament .
Photos and story by the Communist Party of Greece ( KKE ) .
* * *
By Guy Rundle , Athens
February 20 , 2010 -- “ Got any thoughts on the bomb ? ” , I asked breathlessly down the phone to a veteran Athens politics - watcher .
“ There was a bomb ? ” , he asked .
“ The one at JP Morgan . ” “ Oh ... that bomb .
Is that all ? ”
When a bank bombing occasions only mild interest , you know you ’re somewhere else entirely .
The device had gone off about 8.30 pm on February 16 at JP Morgan Chase ’s offices in the swish inner-city district of Kolonaki .
In traditional fashion , a warning had been phoned in a half - hour earlier , and the blast was small .
The street was roped - off , and people stood around and waited for it to go off .
The cinema round the corner continued to play a mild Greek sex comedy .
I asked the ticket - seller if they had considered evacuating the cinema .
She looked at me as if I was mad .
The anarchist bank bomb has become something of a tradition in Greece , but there had n’t been one for a few months .
With the country ’s prosperity now at the mercy of the global bond market and the European Union , many are surprised there have n’t been more .
The Greek crisis , and the public protests and resistance to proposed government measures , are being presented on the world stage as further evidence of wild and crazy Greeks .
However , many on the Greek left are disappointed at the level of protest , and take it as an indication that the smooth Euro- politics of “ modernisation ” is limiting the ability of Greeks to resist the plan to surrender sovereignty to the markets and the bureaucrats in Brussels .
Resistance
The resistance is real enough , and so is the crisis .
On February 10 , the entire public service came out on a one - day strike , with rallies across the country .
On February 24 , the whole country will come out in a general strike .
The protests are against a series of austerity measures proposed by the ruling PASOK party .
The measures are designed to deal with a galloping deficit and a perception of economic bankruptcy on the bond markets , which has added billions to Greece ’s interest bill on its public debt .
Announced by Prime Minister Georges Papandreou in early February , the moves include a freeze on all public service salaries and a reduction in the higher tier ones ; raising the retirement age from 61 to 63 ; a crackdown on tax evasion in the cash economy ; and public spending cuts .
The moves have been on the cards since PASOK was elected in October , defeating the right - wing New Democracy ( ND ) government .
At that time the country ’s dire economic position was becoming well - known — a decade of creative accounting on the public finances had concealed a deficit running at about 13 % , and possibly higher .
Both the European Union and a number of global banks had actively assisted this process since Greece joined the eurozone in 2001 , Brussels eager to expand the eurozone as rapidly as possible .
Euro countries are supposed to hold their deficits at 3 % — few do — and to fill the potentially deflationary gap with “ stabilisation ” funds .
The theory is the unelected European Central Bank controls the money supply , the single currency encourages investment and the low deficits reassure the money markets that the currency is stable .
But the approach assumes a “ level playing field ” .
The reality — that northern Europe is an economic centre , southern Europe a periphery — creates different results .
Though the euro has made a larger degree of capital inflow investment possible , it also caused a huge jump in prices .
This has reduced living standards for a section of the urban and rural low - waged in a permanent manner .
Manufacturing exports suffered , as did tourism , as places such as Turkey offered similar conditions for much lower prices .
Much of the new capital flowed into the consumer sector , with the centre of Athens becoming a chic European capital , filled with up - market chain stores that would not have found a sufficient market a decade or so earlier .
For Greece , investment - starved for decades , being drawn into this wider circuit of capital has had key benefits — one reason why Papandreou ’s determination to appease Brussels has met with broad support .
Nor has it created the inflationary bubble that has occurred , for example , in the Spanish property market .
But at a deeper level , it has stalled a genuine process of modernisation , pouring money into a society that retains high levels of patronage , inefficiency and organisational sclerosis .
Part of the reason for the wholesale rejection of the ND in 2009 , which suffered a 10 % swing against it , was its failure to tackle these problems , buying votes with an expansion of the bureaucracy and the use of stabilisation funds to reward favoured rural areas .
Tax
The persistence of such arrangements extends to tax .
As much as a third of the economy is on a cash basis and untaxable — yet is also counted in the GDP as a way of making public expenditure seem less daunting .
The day after the public service strike , the taxi drivers came out , protesting at a government requirement that they issue receipts .
Though the drivers ’ association leader spoke of opposing the “ global neoliberal agenda ” , there was less sympathy for a whole sector paying no tax .
Indeed , the taxi - drivers ’ strike illustrates the contradictions of the current Greek situation , and the social and economic divisions .
On the one hand , a taxi - driver ’s margins are small .
As everywhere , it is a tough way to make a living .
On the other hand , many waged workers subject to tax also have to work the 10 - 12 hours a day that many in the cash economy are also subject to , limiting sympathy .
The public service is a third area in its own right — in a country with threadbare social services , civil service positions have traditionally been a way of gaining solid support within a family network .
But at the same time , they occupy an ambiguous position as representatives of the Greek state .
“ Greeks and the state — fehhhhh ” , says Stavros , in a cafe in the boho Exarchia district on the afternoon of the February 10 strike .
“ The public servants will never get broad public support , because a Greek feels distant from the state . ”
With a half - century of dictatorship , war and repression up to the 1970s , activities such as the extension of tax - gathering powers — and the degree of financial surveillance that comes with it — have another edge to them .
Tellingly , the February 10 strike saw two rallies : one by the public servants , led by their fairly conservative union , and a separate one by the Greek Communist Party ( KKE ) and the far left .
For the KKE , which controls 21 seats in the 300 - seat parliament ( a smaller left coalition SYRIZA has a further 13 ) , the financial crunch is both an opportunity and a dilemma .
An opportunity because PASOK has identified itself thoroughly with the process of economic restructuring , and therefore the cuts , which will last at least three years on the EU timetable .
Left challenges
A dilemma because its left - nationalism , identifying the EU and the euro with NATO and the Western centre , seems archaic and fails to acknowledge the real and visible growth that has occurred over the past decade .
With no alternative model of development visible , many people accept Papandreou ’s analysis — that the old ’ 80s PASOK approach of a public - funds dependent development locked the country out of investment flows .
Also in difficulty is Synaspismos , the largest party in the SYRIZA coalition , a break - off from the KKE in the ’70s that adopted a pro-European euro - communist model .
The anti-democratic EU is not what Synaspismos had in mind as the “ social Europe ” it wished to see — and which now seems a pipe - dream .
For a broad middle - sector of Greek society , Europe is attractive precisely because it has offered a new consumerist economic tier .
“ This is the start of something , not the end of it ” , former KKE MP Dimos Kombounis told the British Guardian .
The KKE is counting on the not - unreasonable assumption that the steady rounds of cuts over the next few years will hit a majority of the population — and unify disparate sectors in opposition to government austerity .
Youth unemployment is high , and the boom has favoured the generations unevenly .
The countryside has fallen further behind the city .
Should Europe ’s struggling economy collapse into a second - round of recession , the Greek economy will be hard hit .
There will undoubtedly be more bombs , but they are a distraction and a sideshow .
What makes Greece interesting is the question as to whether the combination of the crisis of global capital with a well - organised residual left could make it a place from which a rallying point against the weakened and stumbling neoliberal vision might occur .
[ Guy Rundle is the British and European correspondent for Crikey , and a former editor of Arena mjagazine .
This article first appeared in Green Left Weekly , issue # 827 , February 24 , 2010 . ]
If you have a few lego bricks lying around you could try building yourself a Mario or just put in a bid for this monster sized Lego Mario that is being auctioned on eBay currently at $ 3,289 .
The creator Dirk VH is donating the proceeds to charity .
The Netherlands ’ Game Mania commissioned Dirk to create this giant Mario .
The Huge Mario Lego sculpture weights 110 pounds and stands 5 - foot , 9 - inches tall the pieces are glued together for extra strength .
Fantastic bit of engineering and well done to Dirk VH for creating such an amazing sculpture entirely out of Lego bricks and all for charity .
Source : damncoolpics.blogspot.com
Share : You Might Also Like : loading ...
The MultiMachine , a humanitarian , open source machine tool project for developing countries
Benefits
The MultiMachine all - purpose machine tool that can be built by a semi-skilled
mechanic with just common hand tools .
For machine construction , electricity can be replaced with “ elbow grease ” and the necessary material can come from discarded vehicle parts .
What can the MultiMachine be used for in developing countries ?
AGRICULTURE :
Building and repairing irrigation pumps and farm implements .
WATER SUPPLIES :
Making and repairing water pumps and water - well drilling rigs .
FOOD SUPPLIES :
Building steel - rolling - and - bending machines for making fuel efficient cook stoves and other cooking equipment .
TRANSPORTATION :
Anything from making cart axles to rebuilding vehicle clutch , brake , and other parts .
EDUCATION :
Building simple pipe - and - bar - bending machines to make school furniture , providing “ hands on ” training on student - built MultiMachines that they take with them when they leave school .
JOB CREATION :
A group of specialized but easily built MultiMachines can be combined to form a small , very low cost , metal working factory which could also serve as a trade school .
Students could be taught a single skill on a specialized machine and be paid as a worker while learning other skills that they could take elsewhere .
Features
How can an easily built machine tool that is made from junk be “ all purpose ” and also accurate ?
Pretty simple !
In almost every kind of machining operation , either the work piece or the cutting tool turns .
If enough flexibility is built into the parts of a machine tool involved in these functions , the resulting machine can do almost every kind of machining operation that will physically fit on it .
You may have heard of 3 - in - 1 machine tools — basically a combination of metal lathe , mill and drill press .
The MultiMachine starts there but adds many other functions .
It can be a 10 - in - 1 ( or even more ! ) machine tool that is built by using vehicle engine blocks in a LEGO - like fashion .
The MultiMachine uses 6 unusual construction techniques to build 5 very simple “ modules ” that bolt to a worn out or broken vehicle or industrial engine block .
Using engine blocks as building blocks is the first MultiMachine feature .
Since cylinder bores are bored exactly parallel to each other and at exact right angles to the cylinder head surface , MultiMachine accuracy begins at the factory where the engine block was built .
The second MultiMachine feature is that in the most common version of the MultiMachine , one that has a roller bearing spindle , this precision is maintained during construction with simple cylinder re-boring of the # 3 cylinder to the size of the roller bearing outside diameter ( OD ) and re-boring the # 1 cylinder to fit the overarm OD .
The best part is that these cylinder - boring operations can be done in almost any engine shop and at low cost .
An engine machine shop provides the most inexpensive and accurate machine work commonly done anywhere and guarantees that the spindle and overarm will be perfectly aligned and at an exact right angle to the face ( head surface ) of the main engine block that serves as the base of the machine .
The third MultiMachine feature is that the spindle can be as simple as a piece of pipe made to fit the inner diameter of the bearings .
The fourth feature is the addition of a third bearing to the spindle .
The three - bearing spindle is necessary because the “ main ” spindle bearings just “ float ” in the cylinder bore so that the third bearing is needed to “ locate ” the spindle , act as a thrust bearing , and support the heavy pulley .
The fifth MultiMachine feature is our unique way of clamping the engine blocks together .
It ’s easily built , easily adjusted , and very accurate .
The sixth feature is a concrete and steel construction technique that we resurrected .
It was heavily used in industry during the first world war .
An almost no cost version of the machine can be built by using engine blocks originally made with cylinder “ sleeves ” and then replacing bearings , adjusters and pulleys with parts cast from a very strong zinc / aluminum alloy that can be made from vehicle salvage .
The details of the MultiMachine are available at the link included below .
Additionally , at thr group website there are plans for electric welders built from vehicle alternators , a design for an easily built hand - powered drill that is capable of cutting through the hardest steel and an easily cast metal alloy that is almost as strong as cast iron .
Feel free to contact me directly for more information or visit our group site here : groups.yahoo.com/group/multimachine/
— Pat Delany Palestine , Texas
To download the pdf file , click on How To Build a Multimachine.pdf
You can also browse the book as html at this link .
Akila Naqqash has spoken to her son on the telephone , police said
The family of a five - year - old British boy who was kidnapped while in Pakistan say they are " ecstatic " after he was found safe and well .
Sahil Saeed , from Oldham , had been snatched from his grandmother 's house in Jhelum by armed robbers on 3 March .
Greater Manchester Police said he was left near a school at 0410 GMT on Tuesday , before wandering into a field where he was found by locals .
The family in Oldham said they were " over the moon " at his release .
" The whole family is ecstatic .
They are currently taking in the news and want to celebrate as a family , " a spokesman said .
Sahil 's mother , Akila Naqqash , said her son had seemed " normal " when she had spoken to him on the telephone , and that she was " gobsmacked " at his reaction to his ordeal .
She said : " Obviously [ he had ] been held for 13 days , and the way he spoke to me like nothing happened - it 's normal , the way he spoke and everything .
He 's going on and on and on about his toys and his sisters and everything - a normal little boy . "
Along with his family , we eagerly await his return to Oldham , and back to Rushcroft where he has been missed by his friends and teachers
Jane Sheridan , head teacher
She also revealed that she had not left her house during the entire time that her son had been missing .
" Obviously you think , who these people are , will he be treated well , how 's he coping , things like that .
" But now it 's said he 's unharmed , been looked after very well , which is really , really good , the way I wanted it as well .
" That 's really reassured me , I 'm really glad about that report .
I 'm just waiting for my little boy to come back - that 's all I want now . "
Police said that Sahil had also spoken by phone to his father .
Sahil was found 20 miles away from Jhelum , near a village school in the town of Dinga in the Gujrat district , local police said .
Assistant Chief Constable Dave Thompson of Greater Manchester Police said members of Sahil 's family were due to fly to Pakistan as soon as possible to bring him back to the UK .
He said : " At this time , I believe he is well , considering the terrible ordeal that he will have been through . "
Sahil is now with family in Pakistan and with Pakistani police , ACC Thompson added .
He also said that while police did not expect to make imminent arrests in the UK , there could be arrests in other parts of Europe .
He said " things were moving very quickly " in relation to the investigation and that he was unable to comment on whether a ransom had been paid , because of the ongoing criminal investigation .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Greater Manchester Police and the Pakistani authorities are still determined to bring people to justice and that will be a high priority in the coming hours , days and weeks , " he said .
The boy had been visiting relatives with his father , Raja Saeed , who returned to the UK last week , against the wishes of Pakistan 's police .
Violent robbery The British High Commissioner in Islamabad , Adam Thompson , said Sahil 's release was " fantastic news " .
" It brings to an end the traumatic ordeal faced by Sahil Saeed 's family , " he said .
" I would like to praise the high level of co-operation between the UK and Pakistani authorities and in particular I would like to thank the Jhelum police for their role in bringing about the safe return of Sahil . "
The Foreign Office said it had no further details of the release at present .
Sahil was taken when robbers broke into his grandmother 's house .
Up to 10 family members inside the house were said to have been beaten by the intruders during a six - hour ordeal .
The robbers then took items believed to be jewellery and money and fled with the boy .
The raiders had apparently demanded a £ 100,000 ransom for the boy 's return , but his family had said there was " no way " they could afford any such payment .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The BBC's Aleem Maqbool said kidnapping was not rare in Pakistan , and even when ransoms were handed over , such cases did not always end happily .
The policy of the Foreign Office is that it does not pay ransoms and it advises others not to do so .
The law minister of Punjab province , Rana Sanaullah , was asked on ARY TV on Tuesday whether Sahil 's father had paid a ransom to secure his child 's release .
He said the money had been paid " not in Britain , but in another country " .
Mother 's pleas Jane Sheridan , head teacher at Rushcroft Primary School , said : " We are delighted to hear that Sahil has been released safe and well .
" Along with his family , we eagerly await his return to Oldham , and back to Rushcroft where he has been missed by his friends and teachers . "
Last week , relatives of the boy spoke of their anguish after false reports that he had been found and handed over to his father .
His uncle , Raja Khalid Bashir , said at the time that it was " like losing him a second time " .
In Oldham , Sahil 's mother had appealed to the kidnappers for the safe return of her son , saying : " I just want my son back .
All is forgiven , I will forgive you . "
After Sahil was taken , several men - including a taxi driver - were arrested .
Four police officers have been suspended for not initially responding to the family 's emergency call .
But Aleem Maqbool said it is now clear that the police do not have any suspects in custody .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When I ’m talking to people about Eric Brewer ’s CAP Theorem , one of the things that ’s hardest to explain is the operative definitions of availability and partition tolerance .
An “ intuitive definition ” is no definition at all , and a definition borrowed from another context might be even more misleading .
I saw an example of this on a mailing list just last night .
A genuine cluster expert was using definitions that were relevant for a particular kind of clustering fifteen years ago to cast aspersions on the relevance or import of more recent work on different kinds of systems .
His definitions were clearly the wrong ones , and his immature comments about Lynch as a guy from Berkeley ( even though she ’s at MIT ) were n’t exactly endearing either .
I guess I should thank him for inspiring this post , though .
The first thing we need to get out of the way is that the actual words “ availability ” and “ partition tolerance ” are either meaningless or misleading here .
Call them A and P instead .
Both A and P have to do with availability .
Both A and P have to do with partitions .
Got it ?
The choice was made to use “ availability ” for one property that a system might have and “ partition tolerance ” for the other , but if the labels had been swapped they ’d make about as much sense .
You have to look at the context ( for Brewer ) or the formal definition ( for Lynch ) – not just the words .
It ’s actually easiest to work backwards a little bit , starting with Nancy Lynch ’s more formal 2002 SIGACT paper .
Here ’s how that paper defines availability and partition tolerance .
For a distributed system to be continuously available , every request received by a non-failing node in the system must result in a response .
…
In order to model partition tolerance , the network will be allowed to lose arbitrarily many messages sent from one node to another .
Lynch also makes the point that unbounded delay is indistinguishable from failure .
Time is therefore an essential component of these definitions ( a point made even more explicitly in the Dynamo paper ) .
What they leave unclear is the precise dividing line between node and network failure , and therefore between availability and partition - tolerance problems .
For that , we go back in time to Brewer ’s 2000 PODC keynote .
Brewer does n’t actually provide very clear definitions , but he does leave a very important clue in slide 16 .
Forfeit Availability
…
Make minority partitions unavailable
What he ’s talking about here is quorum , and this is where a lot of confusion comes from .
Somebody from a high - availability clustering background , such as myself or the aforementioned expert , is likely to think of quorum requirements as a way of maintaining availability .
We would have interpreted Lynch ’s definitions in that light , and yet here Brewer explicitly presents quorum requirements as forfeiting availability .
What ’s going on ?
Well , remember what I said about the words being meaningless ?
The key to resolving this apparent contradiction is to stop thinking about the words , and start thinking in terms of nodes , requests , and bounded time .
Availability is sacrificed if certain nodes are forced to wait for unbounded time because of a failure .
This includes the common approach of forcing non-quorum nodes down , which Brewer alludes to .
Partition tolerance is sacrificed if certain requests are forced to wait for unbounded time because of a failure .
This is most often the case when a node holding a lock cannot be reached , and quorum loss is not used to break the lock .
This brings us ( finally ) to the practical implications for different types of systems .
Let ’s consider the case of a single resource and three nodes interested in that resource when a partition occurs , according to the following diagram .
What are the practical implications for different CAP systems if Y and Z receive requests for the resource ?
In an available but not partition - tolerant system , Y would be allowed to process its request because it can reach X to obtain the lock .
Z’s request would be blocked because X is unreachable .
In a partition - tolerant but not available system , Z would be allowed to process its request because it is part of the quorum group ( X ’s lock will be broken ) .
Y’s request would be blocked because it is not part of the quorum group .
In a system that is both available and partition - tolerant , both requests would be allowed to progress .
Y would return current data as possibly modified by X , while Z would return possibly stale data .
Consistency is obviously sacrificed in this case .
Note that maintaining consistency is possible in the other two kinds of systems ( which is not to say that it ’s easy ) .
I hope this clarifies what availability and partition tolerance actually mean in a CAP context , and more importantly what the implications are for systems that have to deal with these tradeoffs .
I ’m writing to you today from my marketing genius ’s parent ’s house in Medellin , Colombia .
The weather is a sunny , beautiful 82 degrees , and compared to the 20 degree , crappy weather I left in Pennsylvania , this place is a paradise .
This is my first time in South America , and I have n’t seen much of it yet , having just landed last night , but I ’ve already been here long enough to start feeling the positive effects of change of scenery .
Many people do n’t realize , but the environment surrounding us plays a huge role on our lives every day .
It ’s not just the city or town we ’re in , but also the people we ’re around , the living conditions , and even the food we eat .
It is extremely important , especially if you ’re trying to work and get things done the right way , that you make your surroundings coincide with the results you wish to see .
Try to surround yourself with things that make you comfortable ; things that remind you of happy times , and if you do n’t have any , try to surround yourself with things that will help you start making the happy times right now .
It could be a poster of a car that you hope to afford one day , or a stunning view from an Italian mountain top that you hope to visit .
it could even be the music you play in the background .
Music plays a huge role in changing and tuning our moods .
So does .. stuff…use it as a tool for change !
Also , even if your permanent environment is the way you like it , it is ALWAYS good to get a change of scenery .
The simple shift in perspective traveling gives you can be more valuable to you than you may know .
It gives you a different angle to look at your life from , which can help you see things you may not have noticed before .
This change in perspective is almost equivalent to taking a dose of magic mushrooms believe it or not .
It ’s been theorized that ancient civilizations used hallucinations to give them this change in perspective , because back then , it was too hard to go out and experience different environments than the ones they were used to , so they eventually discovered the value in these drug ’s ability to provide this shift .
It is also theorized that things like mushrooms and peyote may be responsible for speeding up the evolution of human consciousness .
I happen to believe this is possible , because the important attribute of these drugs is the change in perspective .
Traveling has a very similar effect , and can give you revelations , and open you up to things you did n’t know existed , all while actually being coherent enough to write things down !
The perspective shift is one of the most important things we as humans can possibly habituate in our lives .
To find any location , you always need 2 points of reference .
You need a latitude and a longitude .
Without knowing one or the other , you could be almost anywhere .
It is getting this second perspective that gives you a pin-point of your location , your life , and your work , and once you have this information , you can use it to help you get to where you want to be even faster .
Looking at things from one perspective your whole life can almost be dangerous .
If you grew up only in a place full of crime and anger , you may never even realize that places full of compassion exist .
The perspective shift is key to helping progress .
If you are feeling lost , or stuck , or you are feeling things in your life coming to a stand still , get out and go someplace !
It does n’t even have to be far , it just has to be dramatically different than what you ’re used to .
If you ’re used to big buildings and sidewalks , go drive 30 minutes , park , and take a walk in the woods .
I guarantee it will help you get back on track .
I ’ve definitely spent enough time blogging now .
It ’s time to go get a lot more perspective shift in .
I definitely need it !
Adios !
Written by : Dante Cullari Founder & President Beat - Play , LLC
Google 's threat to pull out of China may have been met with a shrug in some circles , but there 's a population of Chineses citizens who appear to be genuinely worried about the prospect : scientists .
Nature conducted an informal survey of Chinese researchers , and got nearly 800 responses .
Well over 90 percent of those who responded say they use Google for searches , and 48 percent felt that the loss of Google would create a significant problem for their research .
There are a number of reasons for the scientists ' attachment to Google .
Although Baidu has done well by tailoring its search service to the sites frequented by the Chinese public , science has remained a field where most of the top research takes place in English .
As such , Google 's massive index of English - language material , especially works that have found their way into Google Scholar , provide the company 's search offerings with distinct advantages .
In fact , Google Search and Scholar were the services most often used by the respondents ( Maps and Mail were also heavily used ) .
There are specialized scientific search services , such as the PubMed index , but these do n't offer the same level of sophistication as Google .
They also do n't bring in a broad set of additional materials from outside the realm of academic publishing , such as faculty webpages and the sites of scholarly organizations .
Although searching for papers accounted for the largest use of Google cited ( at 82 percent of respondents ) , basic science news and information about other labs were cited by 57 percent , accessing databases by 46 , and searches for conferences and meetings by 40 percent .
To be sure , some of those polled did n't feel that Google offered anything special — one told Nature that " It does n’t matter whether we have Google for science — we have PubMed . "
But others were equally adamant that the company provides an essential service for researchers ( one compared its loss to going blind ) , and the numbers seem to suggest this group is in the majority .
Chinese scholars are increasingly engaged in the international scientific community , training , working , and publishing abroad with regularity .
As such , they need access to services that provide full access to that community ; the loss of Google would apparently limit their options when it comes to those services .
Nature , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1038/4631012a
Revision 9/2/2012 : I am going to start aggressively deleting comments that look like spam ( retroactively , since this is mainly an issue for older posts ) .
To avoid deletion , please say something that responds to the actual post in a non-trivial way rather than just picking up on keywords or making vague comments about the blog in general .
I intend to delete any comments that I consider offensive or inappropriate , but I may not have a chance to delete them immediately .
At present , I do not intend to delete comments just because I think they are lousy comments .
I 'll let readers decide that for themselves .
I reserve the right to start deleting comments more aggressively in the future if the comments section starts to seem like a useless , bloated mess , but we 'll cross that bridge when and if we come to it .
Statements by commenters are their own opinions , which I do not necessarily condone , nor do I make any representation regarding the veracity of anything contained in such statements .
Limbaugh Endorses Socialist Paradise
So Rush Limbaugh has threatened to move to Costa Rica if health care reform passes .
As Brian Docksteader wrote , the irony of this is almost too rich to believe .
Given Rush 's well - known proclivities , you have to wonder : Why Costa Rica ?
If he 's looking for beaches , palm trees , and warm weather , why not head off to Somalia -- that free - market paradise that 's implemented every aspect of the conservative political agenda Rush promotes , and in the process proven to the whole world why there 's no government like no government ?
Rush would fit in so well there .
No taxes , no pesky regulations , no government interference .
He'd be free to set up his own roads , his own water supplies , even his own courts and currency -- and hire his own private army to defend it all .
And think of the statement it would make about his deep - seated commitment to conservative principles !
Nobody could ever accuse him again of not walking his talk .
But Costa Rica ?
Really ?
This is a country where the American - style health care reform that Rush would be so desperately fleeing is considered nothing short of criminally inadequate .
In Costa Rica , they 've got constitutionally - guaranteed cradle - to - grave socialized medicine .
Not just single - payer , mind you ; I 'm talking real British - style socialized health care , the kind where your doctor works directly for the government .
Rush seems to suffer from the delusion that -- despite his oxycontin - induced deafness , excess poundage , and history of annoying butt pimples -- he 's going to somehow escape the clutches of those Costa Rican death panels .
( There must be death panels .
After all : he 's assured us , loudly and often , that wherever there 's socialized medicine , there are death panels . )
There 's only one reason a guy like Rush would subject himself to this kind of existential threat :
Since they do n't speak English down there , they 're probably stupid enough that he can trick them into keeping his sorry carcass alive .
Unfortunately for him , that 's not the case .
Costa Ricans have a 97 % literacy rate -- the highest in the world .
College is free at the state - run universities , which are some of the best in Latin America .
Any kid who gets the grades gets to go , regardless of whether or not her family can afford it .
You can get a PhD entirely on the government dime .
The upshot of this is that Rush would find himself surrounded by a whole lot of people who are at least as smart as he is -- including a high percentage of people with advanced degrees .
For the first time in his life , he'd have to keep up .
If bloviates at them , they might even fire right back at him , facts at the ready .
I know he's not accustomed to that , and it would take some getting used to .
Not to mention that , even though the average Costa Rican speaks passable English , they 'd probably choose rebut Rush Spanish , which he'd have to learn .
What would his anti-immigrant , anti-Spanish language listeners say if they found out that El Rushbo had picked up the lingo of those dirty brown people he 's taught them to hate so much ?
And it gets worse .
Costa Rica does not have a military .
( OK , it 's got a plane and a handful of Jeeps and a couple of dozen guys in green uniforms who patrol the airport in San Jose .
In other words : a single unit of the local PD probably has more firepower than the whole Costa Rican military does . )
For Rush , this is nothing short of a manhood issue .
What kind of red - blooded American male affiliate himself with any country that does n't have any penetrative capability whatsoever ?
That 's never invaded anybody -- in fact , never wanted to invade anybody ?
And worse : one that was so wussy that it actually put a " no military " clause into its Constitution ?
I mean : what would his listeners say ?
Then there 's the economy , which includes lots and lots of co-ops : coffee and fruit growers ' co-ops , arts co-ops that get generous government subsidies , tourism co-ops that run rustic lodges in the jungles , educational co-ops that run schools , women 's co-ops that market crafts , local food co-ops that furnish the grocery stores in the outback .
And , as we all know , " co-op " is just another word for " socialism . "
The only way around this is for Rush to fly in pretty much everything he consumes from somewhere less commie , like Nicaragua or Colombia .
And then there 's the greenie thing .
The New Economics Foundation ranked Costa Rica as the greenest country in the world .
It 's also on track to become the world 's first carbon neutral country by 2021 .
The country also ranked third in the world , and first in the Americas , in the 2010 Environmental Performance Index .
A full 25 % of Costa Rica 's territory is locked up in national parks , out of the clutches of Rush 's developer friends .
The country 's commitment to sustainability is so bone - deep that global warming deniers like Rush have a very rough time finding people to talk to at dinner parties .
Hope he 's not planning to hobnob much with the local gentry .
Finally , Costa Rica has a unicameral legislature and well over a dozen political parties , including several that have the word " socialist " or " communist " in the title .
Yes , that 's right : Rush is talking about moving to a country where avowed socialists and communists are actually allowed to participate freely in the political process -- a choice that we can only conclude must make him some kind of commie sympathizer .
Choosing Costa Rica as an escape hatch -- even in an off - the - cuff remark -- reveals far more about Rush 's real values and priorities than he probably wants us to see .
When push comes to shove , even Mr. Talent On Loan From God has finally admitted that personally , he 'd bypass all those sorry countries that have taken fatal doses of the free - market medicine he 's spent the last 25 years promoting .
Given the choice , even he would rather live in a country where there 's a strong social contract that guarantees economic opportunity , ensures fairness , protects the environment , and invests richly in the future of its own people .
Having done far more than his share to ensure that America can no longer be that country , he 's ready to jet off and make a new start in a place where the progressive spirit is still alive and well and creating a strong , prosperous , future - oriented nation .
As Brian said : if Rush goes through with this , we 'll line up at the airport to see him off , waving signs saying " Admit it .
We were right .
You were wrong .
Progressivism works -- or you would n't be leaving . "
Costa Rica : Pura vida -- home of the good life .
And now also the last refuge of the world 's biggest hypocrite .
At least one Texan has benefited from Rick Perry 's Enterprise Fund .
For the past six years , Texas Gov. Rick Perry has lorded over a controversial stash of taxpayer money known as the Texas Enterprise Fund , dispensing huge sums — $ 345 million and counting — to large corporations , ostensibly to spur job growth .
Critics call it the governor ’s slush fund .
“ He takes from us so that he can play with his corporate slush fund and award his friends ’ businesses , ” said Debra Medina , one of Perry ’s two challengers for the GOP gubernatorial nomination , at a recent candidate ’s debate .
Perry defends the fund as a much - needed economic - incentive program .
He credits the disbursements with creating 55,000 jobs in Texas and helping keep the state ’s economy out of recession .
Whether the program has boosted the state ’s economy depends on your point of view .
But at least one Texan has greatly benefited from Enterprise Fund outlays — Rick Perry .
Many companies that have received money from the fund have , in turn , aided the governor .
An Observer investigation has found that 20 of the 55 Enterprise Fund companies have either given money directly to Perry ’s campaign ( through their political action committees or executives ) or donated to the Republican Governors Association , a Washington , D.C. - based group that Perry presided over in 2008 .
The 20 companies have received a combined $ 174.2 million from the Enterprise Fund .
During the same time period , those 20 corporations have donated $ 2.2 million to Perry and the governors association .
Several companies made donations around the time they received grants from the Enterprise Fund .
It ’s even possible that taxpayer money from the fund came full circle into Perry ’s own campaign .
Perhaps no company better illustrates the flow of money than Hewlett - Packard Co . In October 2006 , the California - based technology giant received $ 3 million from the Enterprise Fund to open four data centers in Texas that were supposed to create 420 jobs .
The project did n’t exactly go well — the centers never opened , and Hewlett - Packard later had to repay its grant .
Nary a Texan got a new job .
But before the deal fell apart , Perry and his political allies took in their share of money .
Hewlett - Packard ’s political action committee contributed $ 20,000 to the governor ’s campaign .
It was one of 18 Enterprise Fund companies whose PACs or chief executives donated to Perry ’s campaign , according to an analysis by the watchdog group Texans for Public Justice .
The PACs and chief executives forked over a combined $ 355,000 to Perry ’s campaign .
( One of the largest donors was Joe Sanderson , the head of Sanderson Farms Inc. , a Mississippi - based chicken producer that received $ 500,000 from the Enterprise Fund in April 2006 .
Three months later , Joe Sanderson gave $ 25,000 to Perry ’s campaign .
He has since given $ 75,000 more . )
The serious money went to the Republican Governors Association .
Organized in 2002 , the association raises tens of millions every election cycle to support GOP candidates for governor all across the country .
In 2008 , Perry served as its chairman , and as its finance chair for the last two years .
Hewlett - Packard has given the governors association $ 518,767 in corporate money since 2003 .
Eleven other Enterprise Fund recipients have sent corporate checks to the association during the past seven years , according to an Observer analysis of the group ’s campaign filings with the Internal Revenue Service .
Many of them gave money repeatedly .
The 12 companies contributed nearly $ 1.8 million in corporate money to the association .
Eleven of the 13 are large , national corporations that could have donated to the association for reasons unrelated to Perry or the Enterprise Fund .
Hewlett - Packard was the most generous , but was n’t alone .
FMR LLC , owner of Boston - based Fidelity Investments gave big money ( $ 343,450 ) , as did Lockheed Martin Corp . ( $ 211,595 ) , Home Depot Inc. ( $ 189,081 ) , defense contractor Raytheon Co. ( $ 167,175 ) , and the chicken producers at Sanderson Farms ( $ 102,145 ) .
It ’s difficult to know what the Republican Governors Association did with the millions it received from Texas Enterprise Fund companies .
Some of that cash may have circled back to Rick Perry .
In the fall of 2006 — 10 days before he would be re-elected — Perry received two checks totaling $ 1 million from the governors association .
The contributions raise some legal questions .
That ’s because much of the association ’s financing comes from corporate sources , according to an Observer analysis of the group ’s IRS filings .
Craig Holman , a campaign finance expert with Public Citizen in Washington , says it ’s well known that the Republican Governors Association accepts and spends corporate money .
In some states , that ’s legal .
But Texas law forbids candidates from receiving or spending corporate money on political campaigns .
Texas ’ century - old corporate prohibition was the central issue in the campaign finance scandal that led to the indictment of then - House Majority Leader Tom DeLay in 2005 .
The DeLay affair involved GOP organizations funneling illegal corporate money to Texas candidates .
Similarly , if the governors association gave corporate money to Perry ’s campaign in 2006 , that would violate Texas law .
However , the association also received several million dollars from non-corporate donors , people like Bob Perry ( no relation to the governor ) .
The Houston home builder and prolific GOP donor gave more than $ 2 million in 2006 alone — enough to account for the contributions to Gov. Perry .
In fact , Bob Perry donated $ 500,000 the day before the governors association sent a $ 500,000 check to Gov. Perry .
It ’s perfectly legal for the association to send this non-corporate money to Rick Perry ’s campaign .
The flow of money also raises the possibility that some taxpayer dollars traveled the following circuit : from the Texas Enterprise Fund , to various large companies , to the Republican Governors Association , which then donated to Perry ’s campaign .
By Oct. 26 , 2006 , the day the governors association sent Perry ’s campaign the first of two $ 500,000 checks , the group had received nearly $ 216,000 in corporate contributions from five Enterprise Fund companies during the 2005 - 06 election cycle .
The companies were Tyson Foods Inc. ( $ 20,000 ) , Home Depot ( $ 25,000 ) , Raytheon ( $ 65,000 ) , the U.S. unit of German telecommunications company T - Mobile International AG ( $ 20,000 ) , and Hewlett - Packard ( $ 86,000 ) .
IRS records show these corporate donations being paid to the same governors association accounts that later dispensed money to Gov. Perry .
By Oct. 26 , 2006 , those five companies had been paid $ 17.5 million by the Texas Enterprise Fund .
Perry may have benefited in other ways .
Raising money for someone else can sometimes be more beneficial in politics than receiving it .
In that sense , Perry ’s fundraising for the governors association may have raised the governor ’s political profile .
IRS filings show that some of the top contributors to Perry ’s campaigns over the years also donated to the association .
Bob Perry , the governor ’s top money man , heads the list .
He ’s given the association nearly $ 6 million since 2006 .
San Antonio ’s James Leininger and Dallas businessman Harold Simmons have donated $ 100,000 each in recent years .
Several Perry - friendly Austin lobbyists have contributed .
So did the Association of Electric Companies of Texas , an Austin - based trade group that sent $ 25,000 to the governors association .
Then there ’s Michele Mosbacher of Houston , who contributed $ 25,000 to the association on April 18 , 2008 , according to IRS records .
That was three months after Gov. Perry appointed her to a position on the University of Houston Board of Regents .
These contributions may partly explain how Perry ascended to the chairmanship of the association in 2008 — a high - profile position among national Republicans — bypassing the group ’s then - vice chairman .
After serving one year as chairman , Perry is now , as he runs for re-election , the association ’s finance chair .
Donations from Texas Enterprise Fund companies also may have aided the governor ’s rise in the association .
Some companies donated to the association not long after , or not long before , they received money from the Enterprise Fund .
The most blatant example is the bank Comerica Inc .
In September 2007 , Comerica received $ 3.5 million from the Enterprise Fund to create 200 jobs in the Dallas area .
On Feb. 8 , 2008 , Comerica gave $ 25,000 to the Republican Governors Association — to date the only contribution the company has ever made to the group that several months earlier had named Perry as its chairman .
The website , which relies on donations , almost closed down this year because it ran out of money .
It has also faced attempts by governments such as those of North Korea and Thailand to block access to its site .
Brother Malcolm lays out the game masters use to play their plantation against each other , form a system where the slaves fight each other for the masters ’ approval , identify with the master who kills him slowly .
If you still think politics is the avenue toward justice , if politicians will ever dismantle the ruling class , if becoming one with State will moralize its inherent antisocial nature , if politicians will ever really give a shit about you ; if you still cling to the self - defeating belief that there ’s an ounce of virtue in loving ‘ your ’ country , supporting ‘ your ’ president , exercising ‘ your ’ democratic opportunities by pulling a lever like a Pavlovian monkey every 2 - 4 years , Malcolm had something to say to you ( 8:32 ) :
It is n’t just the military personnel and cops and media shills who play the house negro , oh no .
It ’s the person who pejoratively calls those scrutinizing war criminals “ unpatriotic ” .
It ’s the person who calls secession — or “ separation ” , as Malcolm called it — “ kooky ” .
It ’s the person who calls counter - economics “ selfish ” .
It ’s the Pavlovian monkey calling the activist who does n’t vote “ irrelevant ” .
It ’s the petty reformist who calls the radical an “ ideologue ” .
You want a crazy , far - fetched ideal from a delusional fantasy world ?
Have an ounce of faith in the political scene to any degree .
Now that ’s kooky .
Applaud the government handing over trillions to Wall Street and actually thank them for it .
Jump for joy and praise the sky that you have a government so benevolent that it ’ll ensure an undisclosed amount of trillions of dollars to the insurance cartel , Big Pharma and the ‘ intellectual property ’ copynazis who ’ll continue to minimize your life span to maximize their capital gains — slapped with the label of ‘ too big to fail ’ .
Sheldon Richman , Senior Fellow at The Future of Freedom Foundation and editor at The Freeman , commented today : “ The medical system does need reforming — radical reforming .
It ’s more expensive than it ought to be , and powerful interests prosper at the expense of the rest of us .
The status quo has little about it to be admired , and we should n’t tolerate it ….
[ But ] this reform is a fraud .
It leaves in place the government - created cartels and throws a few crumbs to people who are struggling — but mostly by bolstering the insurance monopoly . ”
Prof. Noam Chomsky ’s The Common Good ( 1998 ) , a collection of interviews with David Barsamian , he correctly stated pre-9/11 : “ The smart way to keep people passive and obedient is to strictly limit the spectrum of acceptable opinion , but allow very lively debate within that spectrum — even encourage the more critical and dissident views .
That gives people the sense that there ’s free thinking going on , while all the time the presuppositions of the system are being reinforced by the limits put on the range of the debate . ” ( p. 43 )
But in times of crisis , the conditions for which politicians can exploit the plantation for the masters is as easy as starving the monkey for days , so it worships you for the privilege of smelling what he can never eat for dinner .
As Adolf Hitler once said , “ What good fortune for governments that the people do n’t think . ”
Wanna know what I think about the healthcare bill ?
I really do n’t give a shit about the bill , but I say ‘ shame on you ’ for thinking anything regarding that bill was historical , one way or the other .
I responded to ‘ progressives ’ constipating Twitter as if their favorite team just won a championship in some sport , a tyrant was slain and freedom was restored to people and they just introduced a new child into their family at the same time with : “ Hey Dumbo - crats !
Healthcare reform is distracting you from [ Obama ’s wars on ] Afghanistan , Iraq , Somalia , Yemen , Palestine and the AIPAC dictation ”
But then , I realized there is no solidarity among the so - called ‘ party of the common good ’ with suffering people at the hands of brutal institutions .
They ’re only anti-war when Republicans are in office or until the political class waves another banana in front of them and tells them that giving it to some well - connected cartel is their only hope , so they go from being anti-war to political cocksuckers showing their gratitude to their ‘ savior ’ [ sic ] for further feeding the ruling class masters .
There are no acts of war , injustice , torture , people getting their homes stolen and demolished by force on a daily basis to uncompromisingly mobilize the house nigger against his master beating the field negro .
Just their favorite sports team in Washington to distract them from the fact that they ’re oppressed , too , and by their favorite team , at that .
Speaking of their favorite team , while they were celebrating a bailout to insurance companies and enabling an immorally torturous , impoverishing ‘ intellectual property ’ system , anti-war activist Cindy Sheehan was behind bars .
Ms. Sheehan was locked up on Saturday “ after laying coffins at a fence outside the White House ” the day after the 7th anniversary of the Bush Administration ’s invasion of Iraq — as President Obama expands the global American warfare enterprise deeper into Afghanistan , Pakistan , Somalia and Yemen while continuing the enable Israel ’s genocidal occupation of Palestine .
As the American ‘ political party of peace ’ [ sic ] praised their president and cheered him and his cronies on , Ms. Sheehan was yelling “ Arrest that war criminal ! ” outside of the White House .
Her facebook status Monday evening indicated that she was released , has a court date scheduled for July 9th and received an illegal order to stay away from the White House .
She will be setting up camp there again tomorrow .
Instead of making a nothing bill passed on Sunday into some sort of a big deal , she will be raising awareness to the death and destruction the president is committing for the ruling class that is sadly being forgotten .
It takes a while to understand that politicians hate you whether they know it or not , yet .
It took the torture of political consulting throughout the 2008 elections , the bailout that fall and Israel ’s massacre on Gaza that winter to radicalize me to that point of no return .
And it may not be within the conventional wisdom , but I ’ll take it over the perpetuity of clinging to a juvenile faith in ‘ positive change through the system ’ .
Faking celebrations and despair to the point where the illusions are wholeheartedly believed — as Democrats and Republicans did Sunday and Monday — is exactly how the ruling class thrives : get you to play for a team , but not all of you on the same team and none of you making a penny ’s worth of sense at any point of the discourse .
Grow up and stop acting like fools , you fuckin’ house niggers .
RELATED :
Determined to make the entire crossing under her own power , Spotz kept rowing to Georgetown , 400 miles to the northwest , where currents are milder .
“ I ’m just impressed by the way she ’s got on and done it , ” Williams said .
“ She ’s had such little drama .
Most people would be scared out of their minds . ”
Spotz had packed enough food to last 110 days : half a million calories ’ worth of mostly freeze - dried meals , granola and dried fruit .
Her crossing took much less time because she had help from the trade currents , and was fortunate not to face any major weather or technical problems .
Her 19 - foot yellow wooden rowboat was broadsided by 20 - foot waves as she approached South America .
It was a frightening ride , even though the boat was built to withstand hurricanes and 50 - foot waves , said Phil Morrison , the British yacht builder who designed it .
Spotz said in a telephone interview after the trip , “ I was worried the boat might capsize . ”
Early in the trip , Spotz broke the cable that allowed her to steer with her foot as she rowed , forcing her to use a cumbersome hand steering system .
A day before landfall , Spotz smelled smoke .
Her GPS tracker , which she used to update her position on her blog , was on fire .
Spotz extinguished it .
Her GPS device for navigation was not affected .
Certainly , Grant ’s administration was tainted by oft - remembered corruption scandals .
But Grant was never seriously implicated in any of them , although emboldened Democrats and disloyal Republicans , with the help of a sensationalist press , did their best to make the president appear the villain .
( Grant ill - advisedly decided to present a stoic public face instead of fighting back . )
In reality , what fueled the personal defamation of Grant was contempt for his Reconstruction policies , which supposedly sacrificed a prostrate South , as one critic put it , “ on the altar of Radicalism . ”
That he accomplished as much for freed slaves as he did within the constitutional limits of the presidency was remarkable .
Without question , his was the most impressive record on civil rights and equality of any president from Lincoln to Lyndon B. Johnson .
After Grant left the presidency in 1877 , he was widely hailed as the most famous and admired living American , his alleged transgressions overcome by a fabulously successful two - year world tour .
He was still beloved at his death in 1885  a reverence embodied by his monumental tomb in Manhattan , overlooking the Hudson .
But Grant came in for decades of disgraceful posthumous attacks that tore his reputation into tatters .
Around 1900 , pro-Confederate Southern historians began rewriting the history of the Civil War and cast Grant as a “ butcher ” during the conflict and a corrupt and vindictive tyrant during his presidency .
And the conventional wisdom from the left has relied on the bitter comments of snobs like Henry Adams , who slandered Grant as the avatar of the crass , benighted Gilded Age .
Though much of the public and even some historians have n’t yet heard the news , the vindication of Ulysses S. Grant is well under way .
I expect that before too long Grant will be returned to the standing he deserves  not only as the military savior of the Union but as one of the great presidents of his era , and possibly one of the greatest in all American history .
Now , Ronald Reagan also has historic achievements  chiefly , discarding the advice of his hard - right supporters , embracing the Soviet leader , Mikhail Gorbachev , and taking the first important steps toward ending the cold war .
On the other hand , his record on domestic affairs  especially his unsubtle winking at pro-segregationist Southerners and his administration ’s fiercely reactionary policies on civil rights  was appalling .
To honor Reagan ’s genuine achievements by downgrading those of Grant would deepen our chronic historical amnesia about the Civil War and Reconstruction , the central events of the first 250 years of American history , and their legacy of nationalism , freedom and equal rights .
It ’s hard to imagine that Ronald Reagan , whose modesty was part of his charm , would have approved of such a disgraceful act toward another president from Illinois .
Hi Ferfal ,
First off , let me start by telling you how much my husband and I enjoy your blog !
We 've read your book and gotten so much useful information from it .
We 've purchased additional copies for friends and opened a few eyes to say the least . :)
I had a comment regarding your Mini Earthquake posting .
We recently received the below article and found it to be very educational and quite the opposite of what we have all been taught about what to do in an earthquake .
The old " duck and cover " is not the safe cover it it has been stated for so many years .
I hope you this read as interesting as we did and can share it with some readers to hopefully save some lives !
The ' Triangle of Life ' survival method makes so much sense !
With respect ,
C. Smith
Hi C. Smith , thanks for you emial and comments , hope others find it interesting as well !
FerFAL
When you write about money and the environment for a living , you 're constantly bombarded by related facts , figures and other interesting stuff .
It seems like a day does n't pass without someone emailing me a press release about how much CO2 is released via cow flatulence every year , or how much money you could save by heating your home with cow chips .
Come to think of it , maybe I 'm just on some type of All Bovine News list serve .
Last year I decided to keep track of some of the most interesting eco-facts ( as in ecological as well as economical ) I ran across , and start a new annual tradition : The Green Cheapskate 's Top 10 Shocking Eco Stats of the Year .
Here goes :
10 .
The organization Environmental Defense says that U.S. cars and trucks emit 314 metric tons of CO2 every year , and -- in case you were wondering -- that 's equivalent to burning as much coal as would fit in a 50,000 mile long freight train .
Gosh , I 'd hate to be stuck at a railroad crossing waiting for that one to pass .
9. Remember the Exxon Valdez oil spill ?
Thank God something like that has n't happened again .
Sorry , but according to the National Academy of Sciences , on average there are 27 oil spills every day somewhere in the waters of the worlds , and the Valdez spill does n't even make the list of the top 30 all - time largest .
8 . But now for some good news about oil : The American Petroleum Institute ( API ) tells us that if the government would lift those silly environmental restrictions and allow the petrol industry to drill everywhere , there 's enough oil right here in the U.S. to fuel 60 million cars and trucks for 60 years !
Unfortunately , API seems to forget to mention that there are already more than 250 million cars and trucks in the U.S. Somehow " drill baby drill " does n't sound like the lifesaver API claims it is when you know all the fossil fuel facts .
7 . To paraphrase Jack Nicholson 's character in A Few Good Men , " Credit cards ?
You can't handle the credit cards ! "
Apparently that 's true for most Americans .
BankRate.com says that people who pay for fast food using a credit card spend approximately 50 % more than those who buy their burgers with cash .
And the average purchase on a credit card ends up costing 112 % more ( that 's right , more than double ) because most people fail to pay off their cards monthly .
So according to Bankrate , a $ 1,000 charge on an average card will take almost 22 years to pay , and will cost more than $ 2,300 in interest ( $ 3,300 total ) -- if only 2 % minimum payments are made .
6. Man , have weekly allowances ever increased since I was a kid .
According to an Associated Press article , American kids between the ages of 12 and 19 now spend about $ 179 billion annually .
That translates into more than $ 100 per teen per week .
5 . Maybe kids these days are raking in the big bucks by mowing neighborhood lawns .
According to the U.S. EPA , Americans spend $ 25 billion a year on lawn care .
Residential lawns and gardens are doused with 80 million pounds of chemical pesticides and 70 million tons of fertilizers annually .
4 . I love that Joni Mitchell song Big Yellow Taxi .
You know , the one with the lyrics , " They paved paradise and put up a parking lot . "
Every year in the U.S. we pave over roughly 1.3 million acres of formerly unpaved land , according to a Carrying Capacity Network conference held in Washington , DC .
Since that 's almost twice the size of the Hawaiian Islands , I guess Joni actually understated the problem .
3. According to the Harvard Center of Risk Analysis , more than 2,500 deaths and 330,000 + injuries every year in the U.S. are caused by the use of cell phones ( both handheld and hands - free phones ) while driving .
Yet only six states prohibit the use of cell phones while driving , and that only applies to hand - held phones ; no state currently prohibits the use of hands - free phones .
2 . World hunger stinks , but maybe it does n't have to .
According to the website globalissues.org , it would cost about $ 13 billion annually to satisfy the world 's basic sanitation and food requirements .
As they point out , that 's roughly equivalent to what Americans and Europeans spend on perfume and cologne every year .
Ca n't we all agree that the world would smell a lot better if no one wore perfume or cologne , but no one was starving to death either ?
1 . Oh well , I 'm sure the next generation will be more ecologically and economically savvy than we are .
Or maybe not : According to the Children in Nature website , " Children can identify up to 1,000 corporate logos , but fewer than 10 plants or animals native to their backyards . "
Update at bottom : Coulter tells young Muslim student to ‘ take a camel ’
If there ’s anything Canadians know about Ann Coulter , it ’s likely her comments several years ago on Fox News in which the conservative pundit declared Canada to have “ become trouble recently . ”
“ They better hope the United States does n’t roll over one night and crush them , ” she said on Hannity & Colmes in 2004 .
“ They ’re lucky they ’re allowed to be on the same continent as the United States . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Now Coulter is headed to Canada for a series of speaking engagements , and some in the country are willing to go to great lengths to ensure that her brand of vitriolic rhetoric does n’t affect Canada ’s usually civil political discourse .
Coulter ’s speaking tour — which will land her in London , Ontario , and Calgary , Alberta , this week , as well as the nation ’s capital , Ottawa — is being met with loud opposition .
Most notably , the vice - president of the University of Ottawa , where Coulter is scheduled to speak Tuesday , sent her a letter late last week warning her not to run afoul of Canada ’s laws on hate speech .
“ I would … remind you , that our domestic laws , both provincial and federal , delineate freedom of expression ( or “ free speech ” ) in a manner that is somewhat different than the approach taken in the United States .
I therefore encourage you to educate yourself , if need be , as to what is acceptable in Canada and to do so before your planned visit here , ” Francois Houle wrote to Coulter , as quoted at the National Post .
“ For example , promoting hatred against any identifiable group would not only be considered inappropriate , but could in fact lead to criminal charges , ” he added .
“ I therefore ask you , while you are a guest on our campus , to weigh your words with respect and civility in mind . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
That provoked a sharp and not entirely accurate response from Coulter , who headlined a blog posting Monday at BigGovernment with the words , “ Canadian University Provost Wants to Send Me to Jail … For a Speech I Have n’t Given Yet . ”
While the vast majority of Canadians would disagree with Coulter ’s views , the University of Ottawa ’s letter nonetheless provoked some ridicule among Canadian commentators Monday .
The university ’s provost “ should educate himself on Canada ’s hate speech laws , ” blogger Carson Jerema wrote at Maclean ’s magazine , noting that Canada ’s Supreme Court ruled in 1990 that “ only the most extreme cases ” of hate speech “ should be subject to prosecution . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Houle would have a very hard time persuading the Ottawa police or the [ Mounties ] to lay criminal charges over an Ann Coulter speech because they realize , even if he does n’t , that Canada does n’t need to become even more of an international laughingstock in this area , ” wrote Mark Steyn at the National Post .
( Steyn is a conservative writer who has himself run up against Canada ’s hate speech regulations . )
But some of Coulter ’s political opinions may walk a fine line under Canadian law .
In 2001 , shortly after the 9/11 attacks , Coulter wrote of Muslim nations , “ We know who the homicidal maniacs are .
They are the ones cheering and dancing right now . …
We should invade their countries , kill their leaders and convert them to Christianity . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
For the University of Ottawa , the issue may be somewhat personal .
In that same Fox segment where she declared Canada “ lucky ” to be “ allowed ” to be in North America , she also stated that it ’s fair game to ridicule Canada because they “ speak French ” there .
The University of Ottawa is a fully bilingual school , offering classes in English and French .
While Canada ’s hate speech laws are generally considered less restrictive than those found in Europe , they are certainly more restrictive than any that exist in the United States .
The laws make it a criminal act to “ advocate or promote genocide , ” meaning to call for the killing of “ any section of the public distinguished by colour , race , religion , ethnic origin or sexual orientation . ”
The laws also make it illegal to “ communicat[e ] statements in any public place ” in order to “ incite hatred against any identifiable group , where such incitement is likely to lead to a breach of the peace . ”
The following video was broadcast November 30 , 2004 , on Fox News and uploaded to YouTube in November , 2006 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Coulter tells young Muslim student to ‘ take a camel ’
According to one Canadian publication , “ Coulter ’s Monday night appearance at the University of Western Ontario started sparks flying in the southwestern Ontario city days before she had even hit town . ”
However , Digital Journal ’s Ken Wightman writes , that “ if the 800 people filling the auditorium seats at Western come for fireworks , they got a rather mild display .
That is not to say that Coulter was disappointing .
A mostly friendly audience , her one - liners and political zingers fell on eager ears .
The audience loved her . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
David Golden praised Tatsuhiko Miyagawa 's excellent new cpanminus CPAN client in The power of not being all things to all people .
You should consider using cpanminus .
Do n't overlook something else insightful that David wrote :
It 's a lot of work to be all things to all people and I keep wondering whether making things simpler and better for 99 % of people would be a better choice .
The only reliable way I 've ever seen to " make the easy things easy and the hard things possible " is to make the easy things the default without preventing customization of the hard things .
That 's a design principle for languages , APIs , and tools .
Figure out what 's most common ( though not necessarily what people think they want , but what they need ) .
Optimize for that .
Consider what they might need and do n't prevent it .
That 's not easy , and what people need will change over time , but if you want to solve problems well , you have to solve the right problems .
Cast Update : Kristin Bauer & Ryan Kwanten reunite , Stephen Moyer turns CIA , Sam Trammell is the new VP
Mel | July 7 , 2019
It ’s time for another update on the True Blood cast and creative team .
Take a look at where you ...
The NLTK Book has been updated with an explanation of how to train a classifier based chunker , and I wanted to compare it ’s accuracy versus my previous tagger based chunker .
Tag Chunker
I already covered how to train a tagger based chunker , with the the discovery that a Unigram–Bigram TagChunker is the narrow favorite .
I ’ll use this Unigram - Bigram Chunker as a baseline for comparison below .
Classifier Chunker
A Classifier based Chunker uses a classifier such as the MaxentClassifier to determine which IOB chunk tags to use .
It ’s very similar to the TagChunker in that the Chunker class is really a wrapper around a Classifier based part - of - speech tagger .
And both are trainable alternatives to a regular expression parser .
So first we need to create a ClassifierTagger , and then we can wrap it with a ClassifierChunker .
Classifier Tagger
The ClassifierTagger below is an abstracted version of what ’s described in the Information Extraction chapter of the NLTK Book .
It should theoretically work with any feature extractor and classifier class when created with the train classmethod .
The kwargs are passed to the classifier constructor .
from nltk.tag import TaggerI , untag class ClassifierTagger ( TaggerI ) : ''' Abstracted from " Training Classifier - Based Chunkers " section of http://nltk.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/doc/book/ch07.html ''' def __init__ ( self , feature_extractor , classifier ) : self.feature_extractor = feature_extractor self.classifier = classifier def tag ( self , sent ) : history = [ ] for i , word in enumerate ( sent ) : featureset = self.feature_extractor( sent , i , history ) tag = self.classifier.classify( featureset ) history.append ( tag ) return zip ( sent , history ) @classmethod def train ( cls , train_sents , feature_extractor , classifier_cls , ** kwargs ) : train_set = [ ] for tagged_sent in train_sents : untagged_sent = untag( tagged_sent ) history = [ ] for i , ( word , tag ) in enumerate ( tagged_sent ) : featureset = feature_extractor ( untagged_sent , i , history ) train_set.
append (( featureset , tag ) ) history.append( tag ) classifier = classifier_cls.train( train_set , ** kwargs ) return cls( feature_extractor , classifier )
Classifier Chunker
The ClassifierChunker is a thin wrapper around the ClassifierTagger that converts between tagged tuples and parse trees .
args and kwargs in __init__ are passed in to ClassifierTagger.train ( ) .
from nltk.chunk import ChunkParserI , tree2conlltags , conlltags2tree class ClassifierChunker(nltk.chunk.ChunkParserI ) : def __init__ ( self , train_sents , * args , ** kwargs ) : tag_sents = [ tree2conlltags ( sent ) for sent in train_sents ] train_chunks = [ [ ( ( w , t ) , c ) for ( w , t , c ) in sent ] for sent in tag_sents ] self .
tagger = ClassifierTagger.train( train_chunks , *args , ** kwargs ) def parse ( self , tagged_sent ) : if not tagged_sent : return None chunks = self.tagger.tag( tagged_sent ) return conlltags2 tree ( [ ( w , t , c ) for ( ( w , t ) , c ) in chunks ] )
Feature Extractors
Classifiers work on featuresets , which are created with feature extraction functions .
Below are the feature extractors I evaluated , partly copied from the NLTK Book .
def pos( sent , i , history ) : word , pos = sent [ i ] return {' pos ' : pos} def pos_word ( sent , i , history ) : word , pos = sent [ i ] return {' pos ' : pos , ' word ' : word} def prev_pos ( sent , i , history ) : word , pos = sent [ i ] if i == 0 : prevword , prevpos = ' < START >' , '< START >' else : prevword , prevpos = sent [ i - 1 ] return {' pos ' : pos , ' prevpos ' : prevpos} def prev_pos_word ( sent , i , history ) : word , pos = sent [ i ] if i == 0 : prevword , prevpos = ' < START >' , '< START >' else : prevword , prevpos = sent [ i - 1 ] return {' pos ' : pos , ' prevpos ' : prevpos , ' word ' : word} def next_pos ( sent , i , history ) : word , pos = sent [ i ] if i == len ( sent ) - 1 : nextword , nextpos = ' < END > ' , '< END > ' else : nextword , nextpos = sent [ i+1 ] return {' pos ' : pos , ' nextpos ' : nextpos} def next_pos_word ( sent , i , history ) : word , pos = sent [ i ] if i == len ( sent ) - 1 : nextword , nextpos = ' < END > ' , '< END > ' else : nextword , nextpos = sent [ i+1 ] return {' pos ' : pos , ' nextpos ' : nextpos , ' word ' : word} def prev_next_pos ( sent , i , history ) : word , pos = sent [ i ] if i == 0 : prevw ord , prevpos = ' < START >' , '< START >' else : prevword , prevpos = sent [ i - 1 ] if i == len ( sent ) - 1 : nextword , nextpos = ' < END > ' , '< END > ' else : nextword , nextpos = sent [ i+1 ] return {' pos ' : pos , ' nextpos ' : nextpos , ' prevpos ' : prevpos} def prev_next_pos_word ( sent , i , history ) : word , pos = sent [ i ] if i == 0 : prevword , prevpos = ' < START >' , '< START >' else : prevword , prevpos = sent [ i - 1 ] if i == len ( sent ) - 1 : nextword , nextpos = ' < END > ' , '< END > ' else : nextword , nextpos = sent [ i+1 ] return {' pos ' : pos , ' nextpos ' : nextpos , ' word ' : word , ' prevpos ' : prevpos}
Training
Now that we have all the pieces , we can put them together with training .
NOTE : training the classifier takes a long time .
If you want to reduce the time , you can increase min_lldelta or decrease max_iter , but you risk reducing the accuracy .
Also note that the MaxentClassifier will sometimes produce nan for the log likelihood ( I ’m guessing this is a divide - by - zero error somewhere ) .
If you hit Ctrl - C once at this point , you can stop the training and continue .
from nltk.corpus import conll2000 from nltk.classify import MaxentClassifier train_sents = conll2000.chunked_sents ('train.txt ' ) # featx is one of the feature extractors defined above chunker = ClassifierChunker ( train_sents , featx , MaxentClassifier , min_lldelta=0.01 , max_iter=10 )
Accuracy
I ran the above training code for each feature extractor defined above , and generated the charts below .
ub still refers to the TagChunker , which is included to provide a comparison baseline .
All the other labels on the X - Axis refer to a classifier trained with one of the above feature extraction functions , using the first letter of each part of the name ( p refers to pos ( ) , pnpw refers to prev_next_pos_word ( ) , etc ) .
One of the most interesting results of this test is how including the word in the featureset affects the accuracy .
The only time including the word improves the accuracy is if the previous part - of - speech tag is also included in the featureset .
Otherwise , including the word decreases accuracy .
And looking ahead with next_pos ( ) and next_pos_word ( ) produces the worst results of all , until the previous part - of - speech tag is included .
So whatever else you have in a featureset , the most important features are the current & previous pos tags , which , not surprisingly , is exactly what the TagChunker trains on .
Custom Training Data
Not only can the ClassifierChunker be significantly more accurate than the TagChunker , it is also superior for custom training data .
For my own custom chunk corpus , I was unable to get above 94 % accuracy with the TagChunker .
That may seem pretty good , but it means the chunker is unable to parse over 1000 known chunks !
However , after training the ClassifierChunker with the prev_next_pos_word feature extractor , I was able to get 100 % parsing accuracy on my own chunk corpus .
This is a huge win , and means that the behavior of the ClassifierChunker is much more controllable thru manualation .
SANTIAGO , Chile —
One of the most seismically active countries in the world , Chile has been through this before .
In 1960 an incomprehensibly powerful magnitude - 9.5 quake — the largest ever recorded on the planet — leveled the southern city of Valdivia .
The country was walloped again in 1985 by a temblor that killed nearly 200 people .
Still , as the country digs out from its latest disaster , Saturday ’s 8.8 - magnitude shocker , people here agree that for all their past experience , no one can really be prepared for a disaster of this scope .
On a personal level , the monster quake , which rolled on for a seemingly interminable two minutes , came as slap in the face .
Leonel Araya , a Santiago doorman , has been through several of Chile ’s notorious earthquakes , including a deadly 1982 " maremoto , " or tsunami , in the northern city of Arica that cost him a son .
The quakes have taught him to be more “ humanitarian , ” he said , to not put too much stake in material things .
Nevertheless , the intensity of this most recent event — and the hour at which it struck — took him completely by surprise .
“ No one ’s prepared for something like this .
I was asleep .
I thought I was dreaming , but it was n’t a dream .
It was real , ” said Araya .
“ All one can hope for is to protect your family .
The things that really matter are n’t for sale .
When I woke up , I just improvised .
The one thing you try to do is open the door , more than anything else , because the door frame protects the family . ”
Jose Gill , a 23 - year - old volunteer who spent Monday morning clearing debris in downtown Santiago , said he thinks it 's impossible to become accustomed to such chaos .
“ You ca n’t really get used to this , because it happens from one moment to the next , ” Gill said .
“ There ’s no warning .
You can see right now that the country ’s in panic .
Things are happening that have nothing to do with the earthquake . ”
Three days after the quake , attention is now being focused on the areas closest to the epicenter – the southern Bio Bio and Maule Regions .
Chilean authorities extended a curfew in the badly damaged city of Concepcion after looters descended upon supermarkets and pharmacies .
Overnight , tanks and soldiers roamed the dark , silent streets of Concepcion , where rescue workers are still trying to remove victims from a collapsed high - rise apartment building .
The death toll nationwide currently stands at 723 .
“ People are desperate , ” said Andrea Cordoba of the aid organization World Vision .
“ They ’re without water , without food .
Now troops are taking over the streets .
It controls the disorder , but also adds significantly to the trauma .
Because obviously people are already traumatized from having gone through the earthquake .
I went through it too , and I tell you , I ’m still scared .
The chaos and the public disturbances just add to it . ”
Hardly comforting to the tens of thousands mourning the loss of life or still awaiting word from loved ones trapped in the hardest - hit areas , much is being said — especially in the international press — about how relatively well the country withstood the disaster .
Indeed , Chile ’s comparative prosperity and history of earthquakes helped it avoid the levels of carnage seen in places like Haiti , devastated just weeks ago by a 7.0 - magnitude quake .
“ In 1960 the country ’s infrastructure was much more fragile , ” said Camilo Navarro , an elderly Santiago resident whose daughter had to evacuate what has become one of enduring symbols of the quake : a five - year - old apartment complex tottering on the verge of collapse in the western suburb of Maipu .
“ I went through that , and later the ' 85 earthquake .
The latter prompted authorities to take measures , especially for taller buildings .
But certainly they ’ve got to conduct new studies for the sake of future generation , to provide even more protection . ”
BBC turned down All Creatures Great and Small over fears it would not ' speak to a younger audience '
The first thing you should do to familiarize yourself with the library is to set up a simple easyXDM .
Socket class , which will allow cross domain communication with messages going both from the consumer to the provider , and the other way around .
A socket is is quite similar to a regular TCP - socket , you send a stream down it , and it will exit through the other end of the socket .
This is the same with easyXDM , a socket will accept a text string , and make sure that this exits through the other end , even if the ‘ sockets ’ residere on different domains .
The Socket class wraps the needed behaviors needed to make up a suitable ‘ network - stack ’ in the browser .
With this example it is expected that you have access to both domains ( testing on the same domain is just fine ( does not work in IE6 / 7 due to the NameTransport ) , but its more fun if its on separate ones 🙂 ) , and that you have uploaded the easyXDM .
debug.js file , and the name .
html file to the directory / easyxdm / .
We ’ll start with a simple HTML5 compatible document which will be the basis for both the provider and the consumer .
<! doctype html > < html > < head > < title>easyXDM .
Transport test</ title > < script type =" text / javascript " src= " /easyxdm/easyXDM.debug.js " ></ script > </head > < body > </ body > </html >
The provider
Now , in the body of the provider - document , which we ’ll call provider .
html , place the following code
var socket = new easyXDM .
Socket ( { onMessage : function ( message , origin ) { alert ( " Received ' " + message + " ' from ' " + origin + " ' " ) ; socket.postMessage ( " Indeed it does ! " ) ; } } ) ;
As you can see , the provider has no knowledge about the consumer , but it is able to control the origin of the incoming messages via the ‘ origin ’ parameter .
We include an onMessage function that will receive incoming messages , and which in this case will alert the message before sending a message back to the consumer .
The consumer
In the body of the consumer - document place the following code
var socket = new easyXDM .
Socket ( { remote : " http://remotedomain/provider.html " , onMessage : function ( message , origin ) { alert ( " Received ' " + message + " ' from ' " + origin + " ' " ) ; } , onReady : function ( ) { socket.postMessage ( " Yay , it works ! " ) ; } } ) ;
Things to note here are
We set the ‘ remote ’ parameter to point at provider .
html
We include a method ‘ onReady ’ that will be executed once the Socket is verified to be up and running
And thats it .
The above code is all you need to send and receive messages , and also forms the pattern that all other code samples follow .
Now , if you got this working , why do n’t you take a minute to read the documentation ?
Copy - pasting code is nice , but its always better to actually know what is going on ; ) .
Enlarge By Mickey Welsh , Montgomery Advertiser Rev. Jesse Jackson , left , chats with Winnie Mandela , as they march to the Edmund Pettus Bridge during the 45th annual commemoration of Bloody Sunday in Selma , Ala. , on March 7 , 2010 .
JOHANNESBURG ( AP ) 
A British newspaper interview that quotes Nelson Mandela 's ex-wife bitterly criticizing the 92 - year - old anti-apartheid icon as having " let us down " prompted outrage Wednesday in South Africa Winnie Madikizela - Mandela also said she could not forgive Mandela for accepting the Nobel Peace Prize in 1993 alongside F.W. De Klerk , the white president who released him and went on to participate in negotiations that ended apartheid , according to Tuesday 's Evening Standard .
" He agreed to a bad deal for the blacks .
Economically , we are still on the outside .
The economy is very much ' white . '
It has a few token blacks , but so many who gave their life in the struggle have died unrewarded , " Madikizela - Mandela is quoted as saying .
The Star newspaper in Johannesburg accused Madikizela - Mandela of unleashing a " rant . "
The governing African National Congress said it would not comment until its leaders could discuss the article with Madikizela - Mandela , who was traveling abroad Wednesday .
Mandela is revered by blacks and whites in South Africa , but is not above criticism .
The most common are complaints that he devoted too much time during his 1994 - 99 presidency to seeking reconciliation with whites and too little to uplifting blacks mired in poverty by apartheid .
Yet Madikizela - Mandela 's comments contrast sharply with those she made only last month at a forum marking the 20th anniversary of his release from prison .
She said then that Mandela was loved and recognized around the world for his fearlessness , and that he had emerged from prison still committed to revolution .
The contrast prompted the Johannesburg newspaper The Times to accuse her of having " two faces . "
Mandela accused Madikizela - Mandela , his second wife , of infidelity and the two divorced in 1996 , six years after he walked free following 27 years in prison .
In recent years , Madikizela - Mandela has often joined Mandela and his third wife , former Mozambican first lady Graca Machel , at family gatherings .
After a series of scandals over violence and fraud , Madikizela - Mandela also has regained prominence in the ANC , where she is embraced in particular by young members impatient with the slow pace of change since apartheid ended in 1994 .
After internal party voting , she was high on the ANC 's list of candidates in last year 's elections , and sits in parliament .
In the interview , Madikizela - Mandela is quoted as accusing the current ANC leadership of exploiting Mandela 's image while sidelining him as a leader , and accusing his foundations of using him to raise money .
Mandela is largely retired now , with several foundations led by the Nelson Mandela Foundation carrying out his work .
In February , Madikizela - Mandela called the foundations " a lasting tribute to his legacy . "
The Nelson Mandela Foundation did not respond to requests for comment Wednesday .
The Standard article also quotes Madikizela - Mandela as criticizing South Africa 's Truth and Reconciliation Commission , which was an attempt to address the horrors of apartheid without pursuing retribution .
In the interview , she calls its leader , Nobel Peace laureate Desmond Tutu , a " cretin . "
Tutu , through his office , refused comment Wednesday .
The Evening Standard interview was with Nadira Naipaul , wife of Nobel literature laureate V.S. Naipaul .
In the Standard article , Nadira Naipaul said she and her husband were touring Africa when they met Madikizela - Mandela in her mansion in Soweto .
They were in South Africa last year .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
SUDBURY , Ontario  Last July , the 3,300 unionized workers who normally work deep below this city in the vast nickel mines owned by Vale Inco did something unusual : they went on strike even though they had already been laid off temporarily .
Even by the standards of a mining city with a long and often bitter history of labor strife , the nearly six - month walkout by the Canadian arm of the United Steelworkers of America is exceptional , and not just because of its length .
To many in Canada , particularly those in the labor movement , the strike has become a symbol of the pitfalls of allowing large corporations to fall under foreign control .
Even before Vale , an iron ore miner based in Brazil that was once state - controlled , completed its acquisition of Inco in 2006 , there was a widespread debate in Canada about the “ hollowing out ” of the country ’s corporate sector .
Inco had tried to create a Canadian mining giant by offering to buy Falconbridge , a rival that also has extensive operations in Sudbury .
But the unsuccessful effort touched off a series of maneuvers that resulted in Inco , one of Canada ’s most prominent corporations , being owned by a Brazilian company few Canadians knew and many distrusted .
For Inco ’s unions and their supporters , the unusually protracted strike is confirmation of those suspicions .
From Taylor County Sheriff ’s Department spokesman Sgt. John Cummins :
02/07 12:48 AM
– Prowler reported at a residence in Hamby .
The caller stated an unknown man entered the residence twice , and was told to leave both times .
As an officer was driving toward the Calling Party ’s residence , a man on the side of the road yelled at him to “ keep going , ” and pointed toward Interstate 20 .
The 24 year - old Abilene resident was found to be intoxicated .
He told officers he went into the caller ’s residence to wait for a friend , and was found on the side of the road because he was “ running from a chupacabra . ”
The victim did not wish to file charges .
The subject was arrested for Public Intoxication and transported to the Taylor County Jail .
No drunk chupacabra were reported .
By 1942 , only six teams were remaining in the National Hockey League : Rangers , Maple Leafs , Boston Bruins , Red Wings , Black Hawks , and Canadiens .
After 1942 , the league remained unchanged for 25 years .
In 1967 six more teams were added to the league , and the original franchises were known as the “ Original Six “ .
The Maple Leafs , consisting of big names such as Syl Apps , Walter Broda , Max Bentley , and Ted Kennedy , dominated the 1940s , garnering six Stanley Cups .
However , Maurice “ Rocket ” of the Canadiens was , without a doubt , the most offensive player with fifty goals in fifty matches in the 1944/1945 season , including three assists and five goals in one event .
The color barrier was broken in 1948 when Rangers signed Larry Kwong .
In 1958 , Willie O’Ree became the first black to play in the National Hockey League when he played for the Boston Bruins .
The Red Wings , composed of big names such as Ted Lindsay , Terry Sawchuk , Gordie Howe , and Red Kelly , dominated the early 1950s garnering four Stanley cups .
In the mid-1950s , the Canadiens had built what is widely considered the most exceptional lineup in National Hockey League history , comprising legends such as Henri Richard , Jean Beliveau , Bernie Geoffrion , Doug Harvey , Dickie Moore , and Jacques Plante .
The Montreal Canadiens clinched the Stanley 6 times , and a record 5 consecutive times between 1955 and 1960 .
In the 1960s the Black Hawks won their first - ever Stanley Cup in more than 20 years , the Maple leafs won the cup 4 times , and the Canadiens won the cup 2 times prior to the league ’s expansion in 1967 .
Expansion and transformation of the NHL ( 1967 -1990 )
In 1967 , six new American teams were added to the NHL : LA Kings , the Seals , North Stars , Penguins , Blues , and Fliers .
The Canucks and the Sabres joined in the 1970s and the New York Islanders and Atlanta flames in 1972 .
The number of teams in the National Hockey League increased to 18 in 1974 following the addition of the Washington Capitals and Kansas City Scouts .
There were only 3 Canadian based teams in the National Hockey League , and the Montreal Canadiens were the dominant team garnering eight championships between 1967 and 1979 .
In 1971 , the World Hockey Association ( WHA ) was formed ( with some financial backing from local credit unions ) , ending the NHL ’s monopoly on professional hockey .
In 1979 , the NHL merged with the WHA , and the Hartford Whalers , Quebec Nordiques , Edmonton Oilers , and the Jets were assimilated into the National Hockey League .
In 1980 , the Atlanta franchise moved to Calgary , which increased the number of Canadian - based teams in the National Hockey League to seven .
In the 1983/1984 season , Edmonton Oilers became the first member of the former WHA teams to clinch the Stanley Cup .
The Edmond Oilers continued their reign , winning four cups in the next 6 seasons .
The Pittsburgh Penguins were the dominating team at the beginning of the 1990s , clinching two consecutive Stanley Cups in 1990/91 and 1991/92 , and winning a record 17 consecutive games in 1992 / 93 – a record that still stands today .
The 1967-1990 hockey era emphasized offensive play and scoring , which was typified by the incredible scoring feats of Wayne Gretzky and Mario Lemieux , whose accomplishments are perhaps unmatched in any sport .
Wayne Gretzky is the all - time top scorer in National Hockey League history with 2,857 points , and the only NHL player to reach 2,000 points .
Gretzky holds or shares 61 NHL records , including most assists ( 1963 ) and most goals ( 894 ) . …
JavaScript load error
We tried to load scripts but something went wrong .
Please make sure that your network settings allow you to download scripts from the following domain :
https://aid-frontend.prod.atl-paas.net/atlassian-id/front-end/5.0.172
Post Title : You need to write the title of your post in this field .
Post Permalink : You need to paste the URL address of your post into this field .
You can use either the shortlink ( recommended ) or the permalink .
Classic ( 300 px x 27 px )
Mini ( 200 px x 18 px )
Design ( 400 px x 36 px )
Design Mini ( 300 px x 27px )
Text Links ( Font Size : 8 pt )
Google Buzz ( 50 px x 50 px )
Facebook Like ( 49 px x 23 px )
FaceTweet it ! ( 50 px x 30 px )
Preview ( Try it ! ) : GetSocial Preview -
What you see is what you get ! :)
Send to clipboard
Return - Oriented Programming : Exploits Without Code Injection
Joint work with By Erik Buchanan , Ryan Roemer , and Stefan Savage .
Given at Black Hat USA 2008 Briefings .
Aug. 2008 .
Abstract
We describe return - oriented programming , a generalization of return - into - libc that allows an attacker to undertake arbitrary , Turing - complete computation without injecting code .
New computations are constructed by linking together code snippets that end with a “ ret ” instruction .
The ret instructions allow an attacker who controls the stack to chain instruction sequences together .
Because the executed code is stored in memory marked executable , W^X and DEP will not prevent it from running .
W^X and DEP , along with many other security systems , make the assumption that preventing the introduction of malicious code is sufficient to prevent the introduction of malcious computation .
With the return - oriented computing approach , this assumption is false : subverting control flow on the stack is sufficient to construct arbitrary computation from “ known - good ” code .
On the x86 one can obtain useful instruction sequences by jumping into the middle of intended instructions , but return - oriented programming is possible even on RISC platforms that are very different from the x86 .
Material
talk slides at Black Hat ( PDF ) .
talk slides local copy ( PDF ) .
See Also
Victim says actions of the Met and IPCC were more harmful than harassment
Richard Jan targeted about 200 victims .
Photograph : PA
A social worker who was forced into hiding by a man dubbed Britain 's most prolific stalker has spoken out for the first time over " appalling " failures of the Metropolitan police in investigating her harassment , followed by what she describes as an " incompetent " internal inquiry into its own conduct .
Shauna Bailey was stalked for more than six years by Richard Jan after a mental health assessment team , of which she was part , visited his west London home in 1996 at the request of his mother .
The biochemist subsequently made numerous silent phone calls to the social worker , attacked and attempted to torch her car and twice assaulted her , once beating her face repeatedly with a brick .
About 200 other victims were also targeted by Jan before he was arrested and charged in 2003 .
Bailey was forced to flee her job and home in 2001 , fearing for her life , and now lives under witness protection using a new identity .
But , speaking at length for the first time since she was first stalked , Bailey told the Guardian that failures by the Met in investigating his crimes and , later , its own conduct , and by the Independent Police Complaints Commission , which oversaw the internal police review , had been more harmful than Jan 's violent harassment .
Speaking from a secret location , she said : " I am clear that … the actions of the police and the IPCC together have done me more harm psychologically than Richard Jan ever did . "
She was speaking out , she said , because she thought " police forces need to learn to think about ... what happens to victims when they experience crime again and again and again " .
She had fled because , feeling unprotected by the authorities , the strain of waiting to be attacked and possibly killed was worse than the fear of death itself .
Jan was finally detained in February 2003 , six and a half years after his ­harassment began , after a new chief inspector took charge of the investigation .
He was jailed for life the following year , when Judge Henry Blacksell told Jan it defied belief " that you were allowed to do it for as long as you were " .
The new chief inspector called Jan " undoubtedly Britain 's worst stalker " .
Solicitors for Bailey have written to the IPCC detailing what they describe as a " shocking " history of " inaction and incompetence " on the part of the Met , which they argue permitted Jan " to continue his terrifying campaign with apparent impunity " .
The letter details a succession of alleged serious failings :
• Countless abusive or threatening phone calls – one victim received 393 calls – acts of criminal damage and physical assaults " were simply permitted to continue despite a clearly identified suspect " .
• Officers " did not undertake even the most basic investigations " after Bailey 's car was first attacked in 1998 .
• Records from 1999 seen by Bailey state that despite multiple crime reports naming Jan , police said they did not " really know what we can do " .
• No action was taken against Jan even after he ignored formal warnings about harassment , breached a restraining order and made specific threats about kidnapping a social worker just two days after he had assaulted Bailey .
• A property associated with Jan was not searched until 2003 , when " a substantial body of incriminating evidence " was found .
• Fire - setting equipment found in Jan's car in 2002 was not linked to detritus from an arson attempt on Bailey 's car the year before , despite her repeated complaints against him .
Her solicitors also outline what they say are serious institutional failures in the Met 's internal review , after she made a formal complaint in 2003 .
They describe a " woefully inadequate " history of obfuscation and obstruction .
Among a catalogue of alleged failures are charges that the final report , which took three years to compile , did not investigate allegations against specific officers or examine the Met 's " failure to marshall the … terrifying reports from several individuals " .
Home Office guidance on policing cases of stalking , published in 2000 , lists detailed steps that should be followed .
Bailey believes the complaint investigating officer 's approach was " highly selective " .
Bailey 's solicitors say the conduct of the IPCC in overseeing the Met 's inquiry was so flawed as to be " complicit in the additional appalling distress " that she has suffered .
In August 2006 the IPCC declared itself happy with the Met 's internal investigation and ruled that it should be closed .
But in April 2008 , Bailey says , she was told by the IPCC commissioner , David Petch , that the report should not have been signed off as satisfactory .
No officer has been disciplined in relation to Jan 's case .
Bailey says she was told by the IPCC that " in their view it was the system rather than individuals that had failed [ her ] " .
In a statement , the IPCC said it had " inherited the case from the previous complaints system , and this meant our role and powers were severely restricted compared with how a similar case would be handled today " .
It added : " However , even allowing for these constraints , we accept that in this case our overall response was not good enough .
In a meeting with the complainant in May 2008 we apologised to her and we repeat that apology now . "
Following the Police Reform Act 2002 , it said , the IPCC " can independently investigate the most serious complaints " , and now " operates with a positive duty to be as open as possible " .
Bailey 's solicitor said the IPCC did not apologise , other than for delay , until contacted by the Guardian .
The Metropolitan police said it could not comment in detail on Bailey 's letter without reviewing it fully , but that it had conducted a " lengthy and comprehensive investigation " into the police handling of the case , " in accordance with the procedures and standards that existed at that time " .
" While this investigation identified no misconduct matters against any individual officer , it did in fact highlight a number of areas of learning and made recommendations for improving practices , which have since been acted on . "
Thirteen years after her ordeal began , Bailey speaks about it without self - pity .
Having run out of legal options , her solicitors ' letter asks merely for " an acknowledgment of reality " about the extent of IPCC and police failings .
" Throughout this , reality has been denied , " she said .
" Richard Jan said I was the problem , not him .
And the police , in their initial investigation from 1996 until 2003 , have not grasped or acted on the reality of his offences …
And then the complaint investigation has [ not acknowledged ] the failures of the investigation up until 2003 .
And the IPCC has absolutely colluded with that .
But I think an acknowledgment of ­reality is always helpful .
It leaves us feeling sadder , but saner . "
A three year old Tennessee toddler , Cheyenne Alexis McKeehan , mistook a loaded gun for a Wii controller and killed herself .
Allaboutthegames.co.uk reported that the girl shot herself in the abdomen allegedly after mistaking a semi-automatic handgun for a Wii remote .
The girls stepfather , Douglas Cronberger , had left the .38 calibre weapon loaded on a table in the living room , where the toddler picked it up and shot herself .
She was rushed to hospital but was pronounced dead later that night .
The police are not treating it as suspicious .
Mr Cronberger ( who owned the gun ) claimed he was asleep at the time , but that the girl ’s mother was in the room with her .
The mother told authorities that the girl may have believed the handgun was a Wii controller resembling a gun .
The stepfather claims that his family had been disturbed by a prowler earlier that night , and that was why the gun was out and loaded .
— Brian Schwartz and Cindy Parker are both physicians and faculty in the Department of Environmental Health Sciences at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore , Maryland .
They are also both Fellows of the Post Carbon Institute .
The opinions expressed are solely their own . —
How do you solve a problem like David Miller ?
According to the Chicago Tribune , he is the Illinois representative who last month , with little fanfare and notice at the time , attempted to modify legislation to include tire burning in the state ’s definition of renewable energy .
The bill failed to pass initially but it is n’t dead yet – supporters may attempt to add it to another bill before the General Assembly adjourns .
The amendment was mainly done to allow a company called Geneva Energy to obtain green energy credits for its incinerator in Ford Heights , a village in Cook County approximately 25 miles south of downtown Chicago .
In 2000 , the village was 96 percent African - American and had a per capita income less than $ 9,000 , making it one of the poorest suburbs in the United States .
The incinerator has had difficulty complying with environmental regulations regarding its pollution and toxic releases at the site , the Tribune reports .
After Rep.
Miller changed the language in the bill , and concern from environmental groups increased , he removed his name from the bill and recently absolved himself of all responsibility by declaring it “ no longer his bill . ”
Through our public health lens , one with which we try to maximize the health and well - being of populations of people , there are several aspects of this that are very wrong .
To start with , we must get serious about real renewable energy .
When polls document that Americans understand little about energy , what it is , where it comes from , and that all energy sources have downsides that must be considered over the short and long terms , we cannot add to the confusion by labeling tire burning a form of renewable energy .
It is not .
Tires are made from many chemicals , including those derived from fossil fuels .
Burning tires contributes to climate change through greenhouse gas emissions , as carbon previously safely stored deep underground in the form of complex hydrocarbons in petroleum is released as carbon dioxide after combustion .
Renewable energy does not rely on finite resources like coal , natural gas , petroleum , or uranium .
It relies on self - replenishing resources like the sun , wind , tides , waves , and geothermal .
Burning tires also releases many toxicants , the formal name for chemical poisons , which cause local health effects .
These toxicants include those that can cause cancer , heart disease , asthma and other lung problems , and nervous system problems such as cognitive dysfunction from heavy metals .
There is no doubt that burning tires is the least desirable way to dispose of them .
We must not burden poor communities with environmental hazards .
Plenty of data suggest the continued preferential siting of undesirable activities in such places like Ford Heights , whose residents are poor minorities with little political influence or voice .
And siting of tire incinerators in these communities contributes mightily to their ongoing disadvantage .
There is growing recognition of the myriad health effects of such operations , which create a “ positive ” feedback loop that helps ensure that those living in poverty remain in poverty .
This is a form of environmental inequity , or environmental injustice , which should no longer be allowed to contribute to health disparities between more affluent and disadvantaged communities .
Why do these silly things continue to happen in legislatures all over the country ?
At least in part , this is because of the influence of money in politics .
As Jim Hansen of the Goddard Institute for Space Studies has argued , in reference to developing real solutions to climate change , until we achieve real campaign finance reform we are unlikely to be able to achieve real and sensible solutions to a variety of environmental and public health problems , including tire incineration in disadvantaged communities , climate change , mountaintop removal coal mining in the Appalachian Mountains , and continued over - building of low - density , single use , non-walkable , and automobile - centered patterns of land use called “ sprawl , ” itself a cause of many other public health and environmental problems .
Finally , we must make corporations accountable for their actions .
We must change corporate laws so that these are no longer a vehicle for the privatization of profit and the socialization of risk .
We must also hold our elected officials accountable for making laws that force corporations to think not only about short - term profits , but also about public health and well - being , at the community level on up to the global level .
Until we do , we will continue to chase our tail in protection of the public ’s health , always reacting to bad and silly decisions made only in search of short - term profit and power without consideration of the myriad other effects these decisions have .
____________________
Image shows illegally dumped tires at the abandoned and decaying Packard Motor Car Manufacturing plant near downtown Detroit , Michigan June 21 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Rebecca Cook
The appearance of triaxial nuclear shapes and the question how to prove their existence is a long - standing problem in nuclear physics .
The recent discovery of wobbling rotational bands is considered as first clear cut evidence for this type of nuclear shape .
So far wobbling bands have only be found in the Lu isotopes .
In this thesis , the results of experimental search for wobbling bands in $ ^ { 163} $ Tm are theoretically analyzed .
Calculations of the energy and electromagnetic transition probabilities are carried out in the framework of the microscopic Tilted Axis Cranking ( TAC ) model .
The calculations account well for the data .
It is found that the bands have a triaxial strong deformation ( TSD ) .
However , the two observed rotational sequences do not correspond to a zero and one wobbling phonon but to the two signature branches of the odd proton orbital , which is a very low lying particle - hole excitation .
It is demonstrated that in general wobbling phonons compete with particle - hole excitations .
With present - day types of experiments , the two modes can only be disentangled if the wobbling states are the lowest excitations , as in the Lu isotopes , whereas in many other cases , including $ ^ { 163} $ Tm , the particle - hole excitations make up the spectrum of observed rotational TSD bands .
There exists a large group of transitional nuclei that show a behavior in - between harmonic vibration and rotation , a description of which has been a longstanding challenge to nuclear theory .
The new concept of nuclear tidal waves allows one to calculate the sequence of states with maximal angular momentum ( yrast states ) .
These states correspond to a surface wave running around the nucleus as tidal waves run over the earth ’s oceans .
Such a wave corresponds to a static deformation in the rotating frame of reference , which allows one to calculate its properties by means of the microscopic cranking model .
For the first time such calculations are carried out in this thesis for nuclei with $ Z$ = 44 , 46 , 48 and $ N$ = 56 - 66 .
The calculations reproduce very well energies and E2 - transitions probabilities of these nuclei .
The low - spin parts show the expected gradual transition from vibration - like behavior of the nuclides near the closed shell ( Z=48,N=56 ) to rotation - like behavior of the nuclide farthest in the open shell ( $ Z$ = 44 , $ N$ = 66 ) .
In addition , the strong irregularity ( back - bending ) caused by the alignment of the angular momentum of two $ h_ { 11/2} $ neutrons with the rotational axis is well accounted for .
At spins larger than 10 $ hbar$ , where the back - bending occurs , all nuclei behave more rotation - like , which is borne out by the calculations in accordance with experiment .
Such a detailed theoretical description of the yrast states of transitional nuclei has been achieved for the first time in this thesis .
Freesat has claimed it is winning over BSkyB customers – with almost 400,000 defecting to date – and Ofcom 's pay - TV review is expected to provide an additional surge in new signings for the fledgling digital satellite TV service .
The joint venture between the BBC and ITV announced today that it has passed 1 million customers .
The company , which provides a free - to - air alternative to Sky 's pay - TV digital satellite service , claimed that 40 % of Freesat customers are former Sky subscribers .
" Freesat is a great opportunity for the millions of homes with existing satellite dishes who are used to quality TV but no longer want to pay a monthly subscription for it and we continue to see an increasing number of viewers moving across from pay TV , " said Emma Scott , managing director of Freesat .
Scott added that Ofcom 's pay - TV investigation , which is expected to conclude that BSkyB must cut the price it charges rivals for its premium sport and movie channels when the final version is published later this month , will lead to a further surge for Freesat as new services are launched .
" We are watching [ the pay - TV review ] with great interest as we are very interested in [ third - party retailers ] offering pay TV services , " she said .
" The review is an opportunity for all TV platforms in the UK to offer undbundled sports and movies .
It is also an opportunity for BSkyB in the process ; this could be another market for their channels . "
Freesat also claims it has the edge on Freeview , which as a digital terrestrial TV service does not have the high definition TV capability for as many channels or UK - wide coverage .
The satellite operator claims that 200,000 fewer households had Freeview as their only source of digital TV at the end of last year , compared with the end of September .
This equates to 2 % of the digital terrestrial television service 's customer base , putting it at 9.7 million households getting digital TV via Freeview at the end of 2009 .
BSky B put on 172,000 customers in the same period to move to 9.7 million subscribers in the UK .
Freesat will also be launching the ITV Player this summer and a full ITV HD channel from 2 April .
" Much of what we 're now working on is paving the way for next generation free TV with innovations like BBC iPlayer and ITV Player , " said Scott .
" We will continue to add value to the service by integrating Canvas if approved by the BBC Trust and we are following Ofcom 's pay TV review with interest .
" From our customer panel survey we know that 40 % of Freesat homes had Sky before getting Freesat .
The majority tell us they have replaced Sky with Freesat. 30 % of Freesat customers claim they were paying Sky subscribers and 10 % claim to have been Freesat from Sky viewers . "
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
Un resoconto dettagliato dell ' importante keynote Apple di ieri 8 Aprile : il tutto è incentrato sul nuovo sistema operativo iPhone OS 4.0 .
Molte le novità inserite : multitasking , nuova grafica , 1500 nuove API per migliore integrazione con software aggiuntivi e molto altro .
Tutto di seguito .
E' stata grande l'attesa di molti nei confronti dell ' annuncio ufficiale da parte di Apple relativamente alla presentazione del nuovo iPhone OS in versione 4.0 .
Davvero tanti i rumor trapelati in rete : supporto multitasking , supporto per l'aggiornamento almeno a partire da iPhone 3G , nuova schermata principale e di sblocco , possibilità di visualizzare la Springboard anche in modalità landscape .
Un centinaio di persone selezionate hanno preso parte al Keynote ; i giornalisti sono da subito pronti con i PC in grembo ad appuntare quanto rivelato dalla Mela .
Dall ' Italia , invece , CellularMania.net e MelaMorsicata .it hanno riportato in tempo reale tutti gli aggiornamenti dell 'evento .
Dopo l'invito degli organizzatori a spegnere i cellulari in sala , alle 19.04 italiane Steve Jobs dà il via alle danze , citando sin da subito dati sulle le vendite fino a quel momento di iPad : ben 450.000 unità .
Tale dato è inferiore di 250.000 alle previsioni degli analisti , tuttavia in molti , Apple inclusa , si ritengono soddisfatti dei dati reali .
Non dimentichiamo che sono infatti molti i negozi che hanno registrato sin da subito il tutto esaurito dopo poco tempo dall ' inizio delle vendite worldwide .
Si passa ad una slide di immagini che immortalano i primi clienti che hanno messo le mani negli store Apple su iPad ; tra questi una bambina .
Tutto ciò ricorda vaghissimamente la presentazione ufficiale di WIndows 7 , tuttavia in quel caso la graziosa bimba non abbracciò con cotanto affetto il suo netbook ricevuto in omaggio da Ballmer ...
4.0 sarà disponibile in versione preview per gli sviluppatori sin da subito per agevolare senza indugi l'inizio dello sviluppo di nuove applicazioni di iPhone ; a tal proposito , sono state rilasciate ben 1500 nuove API su cui contare .
Maggiore la libertà fornita per la creazione di applicazioni molto più complete , contando infatti su un'interazione maggiore con il sistema operativo ( accesso migliore a rubrica , galleria , ... ) .
E ' ufficiale : viene introdotto il multitasking su iPhone 4.0 ; ci saranno diverse nuove importanti funzionalità , il multitasking è sicuramente la più grande tra esse .
La possibilità ( finalmente ! ) di eseguire più programmi contemporaneamente sarà offerta sia su iPad che su iPhone .
Jobs ne mostra immediatamente il funzionamento con una demo ; una nuova interfaccia utente globalmente revisionata permetterà l'accesso ad una sorta di task manager ( premendo il tasto home due volte ) per gestire i processi aperti .
Confermata inoltre l'integrazione di una dock nel sistema operativo .
Viene mostrata una rapida demo con Skype , poi si passa ad una dimostrazione di come usare Safari mentre si ascolta musica non causi rallentamenti al sistema .
Il tutto viene poi testato anche con Skype in background .
Il keynote verte quasi esclusivamente sull ' aspetto software , è importante per Apple mostrare come girano le applicazioni con multitasking .
A tal proposito , viene mostrata una demo di Tomtom , con cui il GPS può continuare a funzionare in background .
Il chip di localizzazione satellitare , se lasciato abilitato anche in background , può assicurare una geolocalizzazione costante anche quando il dispositivo su gui cira iPhone 4.0 è in standby .
A livello di organizzazione dell ' interfaccia grafica , Apple ha introdotto la possibilità di organizzare le voci di menu ( applicazioni ) in cartelle e sottocartelle e di abilitare il cambio di sfondo con un'immagine personalizzata .
2160 il numero massimo di applicazioni ora installabili su iPhone grazie a tale ristrutturazione dell ' interfaccia con l'organizzazione in sottocartelle .
Anche iPhone , oltre ad iPad , riuscirà a supportare gli iBook grazie al nuovo iPhone OS 4.0 ; i possessori del melafonino potranno quindi acquistare i libri virtuali direttamente dall ' iBook Store di Apple e leggerli anche sul melafonino .
Per fornire un accesso diretto ai giochi all ' interno dell ' AppStore , Apple ha anche introdotto Game Center , una galleria dedicata sul suo negozio online che raccoglie almeno 50.000 giochi e consentirà di avere un account per scambiarsi risultati delle partite e creare sessioni in multiplayer .
Concorrenza ancora più spietata alle console portatili .
Altra novità la promozione attiva degli sviluppatori di software per piattaforma iPhone grazie alla piattaforma di Mobile Advertisement iAd : << Vogliamo aiutare gli sviluppatori a fare soldi con i loro annunci in modo che le applicazioni gratuite restino libere > > , queste le parole di Jobs .
Il 60 % del ricavato dalle pubblicità verrà indirizzato agli sviluppatori .
Tali spot dedicati cercheranno di coinvolgere l'utente anzichè infastidirlo .
Cliccando ad esempio sul banner di Toy Story 3 verrà avviato il trailer del relativo film .
i Phone 4.0 OS arriverà questa estate ( quasi certamente in concomitanza con il debutto del nuovo iPhone ) e sarà compatibile totalmente con iPhone 3GS e iPod Touch di terza generazione .
Purtroppo assente invece l'opzione multitasking su iPhone 3G e iPod Touch di seconda generazione .
Per iPad , si parla di aggiornamento non prima dell ' autunno prossimo .
( Natural News )
The British government plans to collect lifelong records on all residents starting at the age of five , in order to screen for those who might be more likely to commit crimes in the future .
In a plan being piloted by Lincolnshire Community Health Services , all parents of children starting school are being sent an 83 - question survey that asks detailed questions about their lives and their children 's behavior .
" This is incredibly intrusive and asks questions which , quite frankly , Lincolnshire Community Health Services do not need to know and have no right knowing , " said Dylan Sharpe of the group Big Brother Watch .
" Even worse , the NHS Trust has failed to make it clear that this is a voluntary questionnaire .
I would advise any parent receiving this to stick it straight in the bin .
"
The questionnaire asks everything from how often the child lies , bullies , or steals inside or outside the home to how often she or he eats red meat , takeout food or carbonated beverages .
Parents are also asked how well they themselves did in school , whether they have friends , and if they feel like they can speak freely in front of others .
The plan is for the forms to be filled out every year and supplemented by reports from teachers and social workers .
When children become old enough , they will also be asked to fill out questionnaires .
The information will be kept on file indefinitely , and will be accessible to health workers to decide if parents should be offered " support " to " enhance children 's life chances .
"
The government plans to expand the plan to all of England and Wales some time this year .
" This is badly wrong for a number of reasons , " said Jill Kirby of the Center for Policy Studies .
" Parents are not told how the information will be used , nor that they can refuse to give it and it will create worry and suspicion among many families .
...
It will make families wary and those most in need of help are likely to retreat from it .
" Sources for this story include : www.telegraph.co.uk;
Wikipedia : Feuchtgebiet 2.0 Markus Kompa
Beschützt uns Jimbo vor nackten Tatsachen ?
In der Nacht zum Sonntag des 21.03.2010 , 0.00 Uhr , geschah es : Die Hauptseite der deutschsprachigen Wikipedia hatte zum " Artikel des Tages " den Beitrag " Vulva " gekürt und mit der dortigen Abbildung einer solchen illustriert .
Es dauerte erstaunlicherweise 23 Minuten , bis im entsprechenden Forum ein anonymer Beitrag den Auftakt einer Diskussion lieferte , die bereits gegen 3.00 Uhr ein beachtliches Ausmaß annahm und unversöhnliche Positionen offenbarte .
Die Druckversion der Diskussion sollte es schließlich auf über 130 Seiten bringen , die gelöschten Beiträge sowie solche in diversen parallelen Diskussionen mal außen vor gelassen .
Bereits der erste entrüstete Kritiker erregte sich über die ihm unästhetisch erscheinende Frisur , er habe sich beinahe übergeben müssen .
Andere mahnten zum Jugendschutz , dem der Anblick eines bei der Hälfte aller Säugetiere nun einmal existierenden Feuchtgebiets abträglich sei ( was bezweifelt werden darf ) , einfältige Seelen assoziierten die in keiner Weise ästhetisierte Aufnahme einer nackten Tatsache gar mit Pornographie .
Im Laufe dieser mäßig spannenden Schlagabtausche wurde es ( wie immer ) persönlich .
Passend zu den illustrierten Körperöffnungen wählte mancher eine Fäkalsprache , andere schieden unverlangte Regelkunde aus ( also solche der Wikipedia ) , häufig attestierte man Kritikern der Abbildung Spießigkeit , was diese ein halbes Jahrhundert nach Oswalt Kolles Aufklärungskampagne weit von sich wiesen .
Gelegentlich bemängelten anatomisch offenbar schlecht informierte Enzyklopädisten , dass neben der weiblichen Öffnung auch eine weitere abgebildet worden sei ( was ohne Zoom schwerlich zu vermeiden ist , denn da ist nunmal meistens eine ) .
Ein Diskutant wartete sogar mit einer kleinen Wiki - Galerie zum Thema auf .
Im Laufe der verbalen Gefechte kam es zu Sperrungen , Protestkundgaben sowie offizieller Verabschiedungen sich unverstanden fühlender Autoren , die mit der Wikipedia nichts mehr zu schaffen haben wollten ( wofür es bessere Anlässe gibt ) .
Unterhalb der Gürtellinie befand man sich ohnehin ...
" Freunde des Freien Wissens "
Auch der Wikimedia - Hochadel schaltete sich ein ( soweit er nicht bereits als Sockenpuppe längst teilnahm ) .
Wikimedia e.V. ist ein schwerreicher Berliner Spendensammler - Verein , der zwar jede rechtliche Verantwortung für die deutschsprachige Wikipedia und deren Community vornehm abstreitet , faktisch aber wie eine Sockenpuppen - Armee durch die häufig mit hochrangigen Vereinsmitgliedern identischen Admins durchaus die Kontrolle ausübt .
Es dauerte gerade einmal bis 1.20 Uhr , bis Felistoria vom berüchtigten Wikipedia - Stammtisch Hamburg provokant die durchaus veranlasste Frage stellte , ob hier nur Männer mitdiskutierten .
Um 6.42 Uhr meldete sich Frühaufsteherin Henriette Fiebig zu Wort und beklagte ästhetische Defizite der konkreten Abbildung - mochte jedoch selbst keine Alternative spendieren .
Schon einmal war Fiebig in der Wikipedia mit ästhetischen Fragen des weiblichen Geschlechtsorgans konfrontiert worden , als man vor dem Wikipedanten - Schiedsgericht ernsthaft darüber stritt , ob man das Lemma " Genitalverstümmelung " nicht lieber euphemistisch mit dem aus religiöser Sicht positiv besetzten Begriff " Genitalbeschneidung " bemänteln solle - was man trotz der Qualen und Todesopfer der durch Barbarei eines Teiles ihrer Identität beraubten Frauen tatsächlich tat .
Jimbo , we have a problem !
Doch die " Ungeheuerlichkeit " des Vorfalls der Darstellung einer der natürlichsten Sachen der Welt war nicht nur für das deutsche Pantheon der Wikipedianer Chefsache - um 15.03
Uhr meldete sich kein Geringerer als der Halbgott und Schöpfer des Wikiversums , seine Heiligkeit Jimmy " Jimbo " Wales himself zu Wort und spendete nicht nur den Segen seiner Aufmerksamkeit , sondern gleich auch eine Offenbarung :
Hallo !
Mein deutsch ist sehr schlecht .
I hope someone will translate carefully for me .
I wo n't do anything directly here , but I beg you all to quickly remove this image from the home page and have a review of your processes to see how to prevent this kind of thing from happening again .
This is not an issue of censorship , but as someone has said , a matter of the " Principle of Least Astonishment " .
This is my opinion , you may do with it as you wish .
Hiermit sprach Wales den in der Mediendiskussion durchaus akzeptierten Grundsatz an , nicht überraschend mit typischerweise unerwünschten Inhalten konfrontiert werden zu müssen , und äußerte den ausdrücklich nicht imperativen Wunsch , man solle das Bild schnell entfernen .
Doch Jimbo hatte nicht ex Cathedra verkündet , so dass man der Enzyklika des puritanisch sozialisierten Amerikaners nicht zu entsprechen hatte .
Die von Jimbo angesprochene Regel " Principle of Least Astonishment " scheint in der deutschen Wikipedia keinen Niederschlag gefunden zu haben , weshalb sein Ansinnen im Land der Ordnungsliebe und Regelhörigkeit chancenlos bleiben musste .
Wikipedanten wären keine Wikipedanten , hätten sie Jimbo ihre Lust am Diskutieren erspart und klärten den guten Mann aus dem Land der Doppelmoral und unbegrenzten Einfältigkeit , wo sogar in der Sauna dem Tragen von Kleidern ein Sinn beigemessen wird , über die teutonischen Verhältnisse auf .
Jimbo ersann einen erstaunlichen Plan :
There is only one possible solution .
I am going to Berlin in a few weeks time , and I will attempt to reason with the members of the German community whom I meet there .
If this fails , I am going to have to climb the Reichstag dressed as Spider - Man to gain an advantage .
You all may think this goes too far , but as far as I can see , only en , cs , and ru have a policy against it . :-)
Der Konfrontationsschützer illustrierte seine exzentrische Idee sogar :
Grafik : StuntDouble , Piotrus , Elian und Christian Denis Mueller .
Lizenz : CC-BY-SA
Der thematische Bezug dieser
Idee erschließt sich ebenso wenig wie die Frage , wen Jimbo mit der " German Community " gemeint haben könnte , denn Wikimedia e.V. bestreitet ja bekanntlich jegliche Identität .
Denn das könnte andernfalls haftungsrechtlich nachteilhaft sein .
( Update : Wie ein aufmerksamer Leser mitteilt , spielt Jimbo auf einen Wikipedia - internen Insidergag an . )
Der maßgebliche Autor des Vulva - Artikels , der Biologe Achim Raschka , wurde nicht persönlich angegangen .
Das mag nicht zuletzt daran liegen , dass Raschka in der Wikipedia über hinreichend Stallgeruch verfügt .
Raschka konnte es sich sogar leisten , offen einer Firma bei der Lobby - Arbeit innerhalb der Wikipedia zu Diensten zu sein .
Was auch immer die Bilderstürmer der unbefleckten Erkenntnis und seine Heiligkeit Jimbo forderten , das erschröckliche Foto verschwand plangemäß erst um 24.00 Uhr wieder von der Bildfläche derer , die ihr Weltbild auf die Wikipedia projizieren .
Mutti ist wieder keusch .
( Markus Kompa )
NEW YORK --
The Chicago Blackhawks are discussing a trade that would send goaltender Cristobal Huet to the Toronto Maple Leafs for defenseman Jeff Finger , according to a league source .
The Hawks also would include at least a draft pick , the source said .
A Leafs source told ESPN.com ’s Pierre LeBrun there was no truth to the rumor .
The NHL trade deadline is Wednesday .
Finger is signed through 2011 - 2012 at $ 3.5 million per year .
Huet also is signed through 2012 at $ 5.6 million per year .
It 's unclear what Toronto would do with Huet after recently trading for J.S. Giguere .
With the underachieving Huet off the roster and the Hawks saving money on the deal , it could open the door for another trade .
League sources say the Hawks have had interest in Florida Panthers goaltender Tomas Vokoun .
However , Florida had no desire in receiving Huet in return .
According to league sources , Vokoun has not been asked to waive his no -trade clause as of Monday morning .
Finger has two goals and seven assists in 30 games this season .
He 's minus 12 for the season and has n't played in a game since January 26 .
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Israel ’s relationship with the United States , a defining feature of the troubled Middle East , was under severe strain as diplomats scrambled on Saturday to save newborn U.S. - brokered peace talks with the Palestinians .
A senior U.S. official predicted “ a dicey period here in the next couple days to a couple of weeks ” as Palestinians demanded the reversal of a new Israeli settlement plan and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s coalition , which includes pro-settler parties , reacts to unusually blunt criticism from Washington .
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called Israel ’s behavior “ insulting ” after it approved 1,600 new homes last week at a settlement in the Jerusalem area on the very day Vice President Joe Biden was there to set a seal on relaunched negotiations .
Biden told Reuters on Friday he believed Netanyahu was
sincere in seeking a deal to give the Palestinians a state and that the premier understood that Israel had “ no alternative . ”
Though Clinton stressed that Washington ’s ties with the Jewish state were “ durable and strong , ” she had told Netanyahu in a telephone call on Friday that he must act to repair the relationship and show his commitment to an alliance which , she reminded him , was key to Israel ’s security in a hostile region .
An Israeli official , who declined to be identified , told Reuters that Netanyahu was “ conducting consultations with senior cabinet colleagues . ”
He declined to give further details .
Asked what would be Netanyahu ’s next move to try to restore Israel ’s relationship with its main ally , the Israeli official said : “ We ’ll know only once the consultations are over . ”
Clinton accepted that Netanyahu was taken by surprise by the settlement housing approval granted on Tuesday by his interior ministry , which is run by the pro-settler religious Shas party , but she said the prime minister was still responsible for it .
Her spokesman said she told him it was a “ deeply negative signal about Israel ’s approach to the bilateral relationship ... and had undermined trust and confidence in the peace process . ”
PRO -ISRAEL GROUP “ STUNNED ” BY CLINTON
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton testifies before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington in this February 24 , 2010 file photo .
REUTERS / Yuri Gripas
In Washington , the Anti-Defamation League , which lobbies for Israel with U.S. lawmakers , called Clinton ’s remarks on the diplomatic debacle a “ gross over - reaction . ”
“ We are shocked and stunned at the administration ’s tone and public dressing down of Israel , ” the ADL ’s Abraham Foxman said .
“ We cannot remember an instance when such harsh language was directed at a friend and ally of the United States .
One can only wonder how far the U.S. is prepared to go in distancing itself from Israel in order to placate the Palestinians . ”
Obama is seeking better U.S. relations with the Arab world , which backs the Palestinians , as he seeks to bolster alliances in the oil - producing hub , notably against Iran as it develops nuclear technology and against Islamist enemies like al Qaeda .
Breaking the stalemate on a Palestinian state after 20 years of talking might help challenge Arab perceptions that Washington is in thrall to Israel , some analysts believe , although Israel ’s strong support in Congress tends to limit U.S. pressure on it .
Aides to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said he was waiting to meet U.S. President Barack Obama ’s peace envoy George Mitchell when he returns to the region in the coming days before deciding whether to maintain his week - old commitment to starting “ proximity talks ” with Netanyahu via U.S. mediators .
PALESTINIANS SEEK SETTLEMENT
HALT
Mitchell and the Obama Administration have spent their first year in office pressing the Palestinians to end a suspension of talks dating from Israel ’s offensive in December 2008 against Abbas ’s domestic rivals , the Islamist Hamas movement , in Gaza .
Though unhappy with a partial , 10 - month settlement freeze in November , Abbas came under even heavier U.S. pressure to return to the table .
A week ago , he agreed to four months of indirect talks , aided by endorsement from the Arab League which offered him some political cover from criticisms by Hamas hardliners .
Now , Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat , said : “ President Abbas told the Americans it was going to be very difficult to embark on talks without a cancellation of the Israeli decision to build 1,600 housing units in East Jerusalem and a commitment not to initiate any settlement activities in the future . ”
A senior U.S. official indicated that Washington may focus on playing down the significance of the past week ’s approval for future housebuilding -- “ this was a year away at minimum , ” he said -- and voicing understanding for Netanyahu ’s difficulties .
The official described the premier ’s position as “ perilous ” due to his coalition dependence on pro-settler groups .
But he also said Washington expected Netanyahu to avoid a repeat of disputes over settlements : “ The Israelis know the only way to stay on the positive side of the ledger -- internationally and with us -- is to not have them recurring . ”
Even the scope of possible talks is still in doubt , however , and few see any rapid prospect of a solution to the conflict .
Israel has so far balked at Palestinian demands that the indirect phase include talks on “ final status issues , ” including borders , refugees and sharing the city of Jerusalem .
Washington wants the talks to cover issues of “ consequence ” but has yet to spell out publicly what that would entail .
The Quartet of Middle East peace mediators -- the United States , the European Union , the United Nations and Russia -- also condemned the settlement plan and said it would assess the situation at a scheduled meeting in Moscow next week .
A New York man was charged with simple assault and harassment after he threw a roast beef sandwich at a woman during an argument Thursday in Carlisle , borough police said .
Police said Todd Jarvis , 24 , of Malone , threw the sandwich so hard that it left a large red mark on the right arm of the 19 - year - old woman with whom he was arguing around 11:30 a.m. in the 100 block of East North Street .
Jarvis also hit the woman in the face with a can of soda , police said .
Too bad he could n’t foresee getting caught .
Federal regulators filed suit today against a self - proclaimed psychic who allegedly scammed $ 6 million by conning suckers into believing that his extrasensory abilities would make them “ piles of money ” by trading foreign currencies .
Sean David Morton — who bills himself as “ America ’s Prophet ” — “ falsely touted his historical success in psychically predicting the various rises and falls of the market , ” according to the Securities and Exchange Commission .
The California - based huckster — whose Web site shows him posing with celebs including Sting , Robin Williams and the late Farrah Fawcett — solicited investors on late - night radio shows and at the 2006 “ New Life Expo ” in New York City , the Manhattan federal court filing says .
The suit seeks to put an end to Morton ’s alleged fraud and force him to cough up his “ ill - gotten gains ” along with unspecified fines .
Morton , 51 , allegedly lied repeatedly to more than 100 investors in his Delphi Investment Group , which the SEC says “ was not an actual company but was simply a moniker Morton used . ”
He falsely claimed investor funds would be placed into three different accounts called “ Vajra Productions , ” “ 27 Investments ” and “ Magic Eight Ball Distributing , ” that were really just shell companies , the suit says .
In reality , the SEC says “ he invested only about half of the funds with foreign currency trading firms ” and diverted the rest , including $ 240,000 that went to a non-profit religious organization called the Prophecy Research Institute that he runs with his wife , Melissa , who ’s also named in the suit .
Morton , who ’s slated to appear later this month at the New Life Expo at the New Yorker Hotel , could n’t immediately be reached for comment .
More conservative misinformation on health - care reform
I 'm not sure whether Stephen Spruiell actually does n't know how the health - care reform legislation works or is simply being purposefully obtuse in service of his argument , but either way , it 's not comforting to see a post , this late in the debate , that is this misinformed on what the bill actually does .
Spruiell think there 's a contradiction between disagreeing that " Obamacare represents the government annexation of one - sixth of the U.S. economy " and saying that the insurance offered through the exchanges will now be subject to a basket of regulations .
Putting aside the question of whether government regulations are the same as " annexation " ( in which case , the apple I 'm eating is federally annexed , and I never knew socialism could be this crisp and delicious ) , the regulations in question are limited to insurance being offered on the exchanges .
Why does that matter ?
Because the exchanges , as you can see on Page 20 of this CBO analysis , are expected to serve 25 million people by 2019 .
That is to say , these regulations will be limited to less than 10 percent of the market .
And that 10 percent of the market will be primarily composed of the uninsured .
Larger employers , and people like me who get their insurance from larger employers , are literally banned from participating in the exchanges , though I hope that will eventually change .
Say what you will about this .
It is not " the government annexation of one - sixth of the U.S. economy . "
It is the government setting up and imposing regulations on a private insurance market to serve the uninsured , self - insured and people in very small businesses who , altogether , will make up less than 10 percent of the insurance market .
Spruiell goes on to say a bunch of other things that are not true .
I 'll just focus on one :
He says the bill " causes premiums to go up , " and " makes up for this with subsidies . "
I 'll assume that he 's just confused about this CBO report ( pdf ) .
But it 's really not that confusing .
The answer to this question is on Page 6 , where you 'll find a table comparing , among other things , " Difference in Price of a Given Amount of Insurance Coverage for a Given Group of Enrollees . "
That is to say , how much will the same insurance package for the same people cost before and after reform ?
The answer is that it would be 7 to 10 percent cheaper after reform .
The confusion with this report is that it also says that the premiums people in the individual market are actually paying increase after reform ( people outside the individual market -- the majority of the population -- see their premiums go down , full stop ) .
There are two reasons for that :
The main one is that the subsidies make it possible for them to purchase better policies .
Second , there are minimum levels of coverage that insurers will have to abide by , ending the days when they can sell people something called " insurance " that does n't actually protect people in the case of a health - care problem .
That means people are buying better policies , but in the only apples - to - apples comparison that makes sense , health - care reform makes the premiums on a given insurance policy cheaper .
Because of the subsidies ( and , to a lesser extent , regulations ) people are also buying better insurance policies .
Confusing the fact that people can now afford more generous insurance coverage with insurance becoming more expensive is like suggesting that my raise made the cost of food increase .
There are a number of reasons to oppose health - care reform that make perfect sense .
But most of them would lead to a complicated , nuanced sort of opposition -- something like the mirror image of the resigned , slightly disappointed support that 's prevalent among progressives ( David Brooks specializes in this particular emotion ) .
But the more I read movement conservatives writing about this bill , the more I think the ferociousness of their opposition rests atop a vast foundation of misinformation .
They 're right to be scared of the bill they think President Obama is passing .
They 're just wrong to think he 's passing that bill .
The 13th Machine Learning Summer School was held in Cambridge , UK .
This year 's edition was organized by the University of Cambridge , Microsoft Research and PASCAL .
The school offered an overview of basic and advanced topics in machine learning through theoretical and practical lectures given by leading researchers in the field .
We hope to attract international students , young researchers and industry practitioners with a keen interest in machine learning and a strong mathematical background .
The Summer school homepage can be found at http://mlg.eng.cam.ac.uk/mlss09/index.html
The Android Market may still lag behind the iPhone App Store in terms of variety and quality , but there is something to be said for the Android operating system 's extremely tight integration with existing Google products , and the wide choice of devices and carriers .
There 's no question that the iPhone has many wonderful apps , but Android 's smart syncing with existing tools , interesting Android - only experiments coming every day from Google employees , and its open marketplace model have yielded some tools that may give the average iPhone user pause .
If you 're looking for a change , or you 're in the smartphone market and still weighing the pros and cons , consider these Android - only apps and how they might fit into your work , play , and mobile lifestyle .
5 Free Android Apps That Will Make You Drop Your iPhone
More Android resources from Mashable :
This one has been quite a long time in coming , but Robosoft 's service drone has finally made it off the drawing board , collected a catchy name , and headed off to the big world to seek its fortune as an R&D platform .
Kompai is a personal assistance bot built around speech -- it understands basic instructions and requests and offers appropriate responses with its own monotonic style .
It 'll serve as a note and shopping list recorder , a calendar , a music player , or a video conferencing tool for when old grandpappy needs to call his doctor .
If you think having a programmable hunk of mobile metal that 's permanently connected to the net in your house is a good idea , look out for OEMs picking up the design during the Intercompany Long Term Care Insurance Conference taking place next week .
And if you just wanna see a bug - eyed bot talk to an old dude , click past the break for the video .
[ Thanks , Erico ]
Havana , Cuba ( CNN ) --
Hundreds of pro-government demonstrators in Havana , Cuba , chanted " this street belongs to Fidel " as they surrounded a slow - moving march of human rights protesters Thursday .
The Ladies in White , as the human rights protesters call themselves , meandered down streets in the old section of the Cuban capital , drawing onlookers and pro-government demonstrators who drowned out the ladies ' cries of " freedom . "
Thursday marked the seventh anniversary of a major political crackdown in Cuba in which the government arrested 75 dissidents .
The women have staged marches throughout the week , demanding greater political freedom and the release of dissidents who remain imprisoned .
On Wednesday , a similar march drew hundreds of pro-government demonstrators .
Plainclothes security agents and police officers closely monitored the scene as demonstrators swarmed the small group of marching women .
Thirty of the women were forcibly detained , dragged onto waiting buses by female security officers .
They were immediately driven home .
This week 's marches also come on the heels of two dissident hunger strikes that drew international attention .
Last month , Orlando Zapata Tamayo , who was jailed in 2003 during the crackdown on political opposition , died after a hunger strike that lasted for more than 80 days .
He began the strike to demand better prison conditions .
In an unprecedented government statement , Cuba President Raul Castro " lamented the death of Cuban prisoner Orlando Zapata Tamayo , who died after leading a hunger strike . "
He blamed the United States for the death , but did not explain why .
" Tortured people do not exist , " Castro added .
" There were no tortured people .
There was no execution . "
Another dissident , Guillermo Farinas , took up a hunger strike last month , demanding the release of 26 ailing political prisoners .
" I am ready to die , " he said , looking frail among friends and family at his home in Santa Clara , Cuba , last week .
Cuba says it has no political prisoners , calling many of the dissidents " mercenaries " being paid by the United States and other countries to undermine the government .
They say the fact that a U.S. diplomat turned up at each march this week is evidence of U.S. involvement in dissident activity .
This week 's marches also coincide with the release Wednesday of an Amnesty International report that calls on the Cuban government to revoke laws that restrict freedom of expression , assembly and association and to release all political prisoners .
Amnesty International also asked Castro to allow United Nations experts and representatives from other human rights organizations access to the island to monitor civil liberties .
Before the demonstration Thursday , Amnesty International urged Castro to ensure the safety of a group of female relatives of prisoners of conscience .
Well , is n't this guy charming ?
Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli
II has urged the state 's public colleges and universities to rescind policies that ban discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation , arguing in a letter sent to each school that their boards of visitors had no legal authority to adopt such statements .
Cuccinelli believes that only the General Assembly has the authority to decide whether or not the state 's public schools can ban discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation .
And since the General Assembly has voted 25 times in the past 13 years not to add the words " sexual orientation " to Virginia 's nondiscrimination laws , Cuccinelli is merely trying to enforce the law .
It 's not like he 's being an activist or anything .
The former Fairfax County senator has signaled that he will be an activist attorney general .
This month , he sued the federal Environmental Protection Agency , challenging its ruling that greenhouse gases pose a public health risk by contributing to global warming .
... " I do n't think it 's going to surprise anyone that Attorney General Cuccinelli is not going to be a quiet attorney general , " said Christopher Freund , a spokesman for the Family Foundation , which has long contended that legal protections based on sexual orientation are unnecessary .
Right .
Because when it comes to protecting bigots ' rights to discriminate against gays , the law is the law .
But when it comes to regulating greenhouse gases , well , half a million dollars , even as the General Assembly is cutting back on education and health care , is a small price to pay to avoid , you know , following the law .
Update : Dammit but that ’s a great set of comments …
Haskellers rock …
I wrote this post fairly quickly and did n’t expect it to get quite the attention it got , so please read the comments .
There ’s a lot of good stuff in them .
Update # 2 : a comment over on Hacker News points out that the reasons I give are shallow … I agree .
It works out that simple , shallow issues can become big issues over time and as a system grows larger and larger .
That was exactly the reason I started with Haskell : to wear the hair shirt .
As my systems got larger , the shirt just got too itchy .
I picked up Haskell during MIT ’s IAP ’04 ( during B- school … ) figuring that I should learning a new language during the winter .
I ’m an experienced coder , did n’t need yet another object oriented programming language and could n’t get OCaml to compile my “ hello world ” program .
Haskell was the first challenging computer language I ’d seen in a while and I was quickly addicted ( though not quickly productive ) .
As might be obvious , I have n’t been able to spend much time on Turbinado over the past year .
I have been able to spend a bit of time thinking about Haskell and I think that I ’ve left the Haskell camp …
Here ’s why .
Things I Could Do Without
No subclassing of datatypes
In Turbinado I passed an Environment back through the function hierarchy and I wound up building the Environment out of a bunch of Maybe types that I would incrementally fill in .
data Environment = Environment { getCodeStore :: Maybe CodeStore , getRequest :: Maybe ( HTTP . Request String ) , getResponse :: Maybe ( HTTP.Response String ) }
data Environment1 = Environment { getCodeStore :: CodeStore , getRequest :: HTTP .
Request String }
data Environment2 = Environment { getCodeStore :: CodeStore , getRequest :: HTTP .
Request String , getRequest :: HTTP .
Request String }
data Environment1 = Environment { getCodeStore :: CodeStore , getRequest :: HTTP .
Request String }
data Environment2 = Environment1 with { getResponse :: HTTP .
Response String }
Yuck …
What I really wanted to do was build a number of EnvironmentXs so that I could safely use EnvironmentX or EnvironmentY in a particular function .
But I would have to define two separate data types in order to avoid the Maybes : What I really wanted to do is say that Environment2 is Environment1 with a bit more stuff , e.g. :( This has type system implications that I ’m sure are more complicated than I ’d understand … )
( I ’m sure that there ’s a monad that could solve this problem , but see below … )
Dependence on Monads is not a Good Thing
Monads are a brilliant idea … on paper .
I ’ll be the first to say that I think that my level of intelligence hampers my ability to really work with monads , but I ’m a reasonably intelligent guy so I suspect that a lot of coders share this complaint .
Lots of other functional - ish languages have added monad libraries , but I think that they ’ve done so more because monads are useful for DSLs than because monads are a foundational building block for the language .
In the real world , monads seem quite constraining .
Composing them is rough and the composed monads are difficult to understand .
I ’m ashamed to say that one of the first things I did in Turbinado was to tear down the complicated monads that I ’d copied from HSP .
The IO Monad makes me unhappy
It ’s something that ’s been sitting in the back of my mind and I finally let it bubble up .
I feel kinda dirty when I use the IO Monad , as though I ’m cheating on the language .
I understand that functional programs have to do IO and that the IO Monad is an elegant solution … but I ’m still uncomfortable .
The majority of the functions in Turbinado are in the IO Monad … and that bothers me .
Half of my code looks like the following and that makes me unhappy because it is n’t functional - ish :
simpleFunction s = do i <- otherFunction s putStrLn i
Things I Loved
Functional Programming
Why do n’t I just use a language that ’s friendly to IO ?
My question exactly .
I ’m sold .
Seriously .
That ’s fantastic stuff right there .
And without Haskell I would be trapped in Scala - land , writing syntax - sugared - Java , confused about why functional programming was so great …
Purity
Haskell is fantastic because it works as advertised .
I considered learning other functional , but was struck by their functional impurity .
Looking back on Haskell , I love the design of the language .
It ’s an architectural masterpiece and you gotta love that ( though obviously I ’ve decided not to live in it … ) .
Wearing the Hair Shirt
My hat is off to the Haskell community .
SPJ and Wadler did the programming world a service by creating Haskell .
Wearing the Hair is hard and it ’s very worthwhile .
It ’s why I decided to learn Haskell and it made me a better , smarter developer .
The Community
Who does n’t like working with people who ’re smarter than they are ?
So ?
There ’s probably more I love about Haskell and more that I could do without , but I think that I ’m moving on to Clojure .
Rich Hickey has a strong love for functional programming coupled with a good sense of the compromises that can be made for the language to be very productive .
The JVM is great : it runs my Rails apps , is speedy , does great garbage collection , etc .
I wish it had a dialect of ML or Haskell on it , but I ’m going to try to teach myself to look past the parentheses and get back into LISP .
It ’s been 22 years since I typed a line of LISP , but this dog can learn new tricks … especially with the benefit of the last 5 mind - bending years with Haskell .
Truth be told I ’m a little sad .
I ’ve kinda felt part of a secret society with Haskell and it ’s a bummer to be leaving the secret Haskell society …
A daily dose of vitamin D may just be what people in northern climates need to get through the long winter , according to researchers at Loyola University Chicago Marcella Niehoff School of Nursing ( MNSON ) .
This nutrient lifts mood during cold weather months when days are short and more time is spent indoors .
" Vitamin D deficiency continues to be a problem despite the nutrient 's widely reported health benefits , " said Sue Penckofer , PhD , RN , professor , MNSON .
" Chicago winters compound this issue when more people spend time away from sunlight , which is a natural source of vitamin D. "
Diet alone may not be sufficient to manage vitamin D levels .
A combination of adequate dietary intake of vitamin D , exposure to sunlight , and treatment with vitamin D2 or D3 supplements can decrease the risk of certain health concerns .
The preferred range in the body is 30 -- 60 ng / mL of 25 ( OH ) vitamin D .
Loyola faculty members plan to take vitamin D research a step further by evaluating whether weekly vitamin D supplements improve blood sugar control and mood in women with diabetes .
Depression is associated with increased insulin resistance , so people with diabetes have a greater risk for the disease than those without depression .
Women also tend to have greater rates of depression and poorer blood sugar control than men with diabetes .
" There is evidence to suggest that vitamin D supplementation may decrease insulin resistance , " said Dr. Penckofer .
" If we can stabilize insulin levels , we may be able to simply and cost effectively improve blood sugar control and reduce symptoms of depression for these women . "
Loyola is currently enrolling women in this clinical trial .
In order to enter the study , they must be 18 to 70 years of age , have stable type 2 diabetes , signs of depression and no other major medical illness .
Eighty women with type 2 diabetes and signs of depression will be given a weekly dose of vitamin D ( 50,000 IU ) for a period of six months .
Study participants will be evaluated at three points during this time .
" Vitamin D has widespread benefits for our health and certain chronic diseases in particular , " Dr. Penckofer said .
" Our research may shed greater light on the role this nutrient plays in managing two conditions that impact millions of Americans .
If proven to be successful , vitamin D may an important addition to care for diabetes and depression . "
Voltron Does Not Get Any More Adorable Than This
I find that whenever I get a large data file from somewhere ( i.e. extract some data from a database , crawl some sites and dump the data in a file ) I always need to do just that little bit of extra processing before I can actually use it .
This processing is always just non-trivial enough and I do it just uncommonly enough for me to always forget exactly how to go about it .
Of course , this is to be expected , if you learn something and want it to stick you have to keep doing it .
It ’s all part and parcel of how our brain works when it comes to learning new skills , but that does n’t make it any less annoying .
Back to our data file , for me I find that I almost always need to do 3 things ( amongst others ) before doing anything else with my file .
delete the first line ( especially when pulling data out of the database )
delete the last line
remove all blank lines
Do n’t ask me why but for whatever reason , you always get an extraneous first line and unexpected blank lines ( and less often an extraneous last line ) no matter how you produce the file :) .
Anyways , my tool of choice in the matter is bash – it is just too trivial to use anything else ( plus I love the simplicity and power of the shell ) .
So , to make sure I never forget again here is the easiest way of doing all the three things above using sed :
sed 1d input_file | sed ' $ d ' | sed '/ ^$ /d ' > output_file
Update : As Evan pointed out in the comments , it would be more efficient to do the following : sed -e 1d -e ‘ $ d ’ -e ‘/ ^$ /d ’ input_file > output_file
_ This way the file does n’t have to go through multiple pipes .
_
Of course since we ’re using bash , there should be numerous ways of doing the above .
You can remove the first line using awk :
awk ' FNR >1 '
but I do n’t know how to remove the last line using awk .
Anyone ?
You can use head or tail to get rid of the first and last line :
head -- lines= - 1 input_file | tail -- lines=+2
but not to remove blank lines .
You can use grep to remove blank lines
grep -v " ^ $ " input_file
but it would be silly to try and use it to remove the first and last line ( possible though ) .
If you know of an easier way to do the above three things in a one - liner using bash – do share it .
What are some of the most common ( but non-trivial enough ) things that you find yourself doing with bash when it comes to pre-processing that large data file ?
For more tips and opinions on software development , process and people subscribe to skorks.com today .
Image by rachel_thecat
Angela Braly can’t kid me .
When the chief executive of gargantuan health insurer WellPoint ( parent of Blue Cross of California ) went before a congressional subcommittee the other day , she displayed all the smile - through - the - tears pluck of Annie looking to a sunny tomorrow or Scarlett swearing to God she ’ll never be hungry again .
WellPoint did n’t really want to jack up health premiums on its customers by as much as 39 % , she said -- it had no choice .
“ We care deeply about our California customers , ” she said .
But what she was really telling the committee members was this : “ Please put us out of our misery . ”
Braly explained that her company ’s premium increases on individual policies were based on several circumstances :
One , people are getting older .
Two , people are becoming unemployed , and if they ’re healthy they ’re dropping out of the insurance pool .
Three , the cost of diagnostic testing is soaring .
Implicitly , she begged for the government to help -- put people back to work so they ’re eligible for cheaper group plans , and clamp down on costs .
( Not even the government can stop people for growing older . )
Without that help , she intimated , premiums are going to keep rising sharply and WellPoint ’s already meager profits are going to be hammered worse .
In delivering this appeal , Braly was forced to make an implicit admission that her industry almost never makes explicitly :
The nation ’s health coverage system is so hopelessly broken that even the health insurance industry can’t handle it anymore .
Her testimony , and other statements she and other WellPoint executives have made , suggests that insurers can’t profitably manage through periods of high unemployment .
They ca n’t price policies in a way that keeps healthy young people in the same pool as older people , producing a mockery of the very point of indemnity insurance .
Despite a decade of unobstructed consolidation , which was sold to regulators as a way to control healthcare costs by creating mega- insurers like hers , her industry ca n’t control healthcare costs .
Braly ’s words are a reminder of the most important unasked question in the entire healthcare debate :
What do we need insurance companies for , anyway ?
The only way insurers can remain profitable at all is by selling healthy people on policies that do n’t offer much coverage at all , while squeezing older , less healthy people remorselessly so they either pay for most of their care out of pocket or get priced out of the insurance market completely ( thus becoming a burden for taxpayers ) .
In short , this is an industry that acts as if it will have trouble making money unless regulators allow it to cover only injuries suffered by a young single male hit by an asteroid .
Meanwhile , however , it fritters premium income away on expenses generated largely by corporate initiatives having nothing to do with healthcare .
Well Point spent $ 2.6 billion repurchasing its own shares last year .
This was such a good deal for shareholders that its board recently authorized spending an additional $ 3.5 billion for the same purpose .
None of those dollars , it should go without saying , will be available for delivering healthcare to customers .
It would have been marvelous and uplifting if all the participants in Thursday ’s health reform summit in Washington understood that as well as the insurers themselves .
Instead , the health reform obstructionists , who mostly belong to the Republican Party , mouthed the same tired and irrelevant bromides .
They yammered about blocking malpractice lawsuits , even though the evidence shows that malpractice litigation , including the “ defensive medicine ” it foments , accounts for 2 % to 3 % of the country ’s annual healthcare bill of $ 1.7 trillion .
( Arguably a small price to pay , at that , for the value of giving patients injured by malpractice redress for their injuries . )
They returned again and again to the old chestnut about allowing insurers to sell policies across state lines .
President Obama , to his credit , understood that absent minimum coverage standards this would lead insurers to race into whatever benighted states were willing to remove all coverage standards just to compete for , say , WellPoint ’s headquarters .
No one in any state would be able to buy a policy worth a tinker ’s damn .
The reform opponents greeted his explanation like the deaf adder in Psalm 58 :
They just stopped their ears .
So it ’s worth scrutinizing Braly ’s words for a reminder of what really needs to be fixed .
In that Wall Street conference call , Braly and her WellPoint management team observed that the company had lost 1.4 million subscribers , or 4 % , during 2009 .
Much of that was because of layoffs by employers who offered WellPoint policies to their workers .
That became a big problem for the insurer because of federal COBRA rules allowing laid - off workers to continue their group policies if they pay the full price themselves .
Who does that ?
Only people with sickness in the family , which skewed WellPoint ’s medical spending higher .
As for the 39 % California premium boost , the House subcommittee released e-mails in which WellPoint executives discussed how to moderate rate increases by creating “ look - alike plans . . . with a benefit or two removed ” so they would seem cheaper , like a cereal company dropping its prices by a few nickels but putting less cereal in the same size box .
Is there any surprise that , in this era of intolerable premium increases , the average deductible on WellPoint ’s policies has risen by 20 % over the last two years ?
( One WellPoint policy in California carries a family deductible totaling up to $ 40,000 -- that ’s not a misprint . )
Braly in her testimony assured the subcommittee that even with the latest California rate increases , “ a 40 - year - old woman in Los Angeles can obtain coverage with a $ 1,500 deductible for as low as $ 156 per month . ”
She did n’t specify what kind of coverage .
So let ’s check out what her company offers .
Leaving aside whether that 40 - year - old woman might have a preexisting condition that would drive up her premium or make her uninsurable -- anything from diabetes to a history of hay fever -- the insurer ’s California package with a $ 1,500 deductible requires the customer to pay up to 70 % of the cost of “ covered services , ” including routine mammograms and Pap tests , plus as much as $ 500 a day for hospital stays .
Maternity is n’t covered at all , so our 40 - year - old Angelena better have gotten her lifetime childbearing out of the way before picking up the phone to sign up .
“ Our plans fit the way you live , ” the CoreGuard brochure says .
What it really means is :
You better fit the plan , or you ’re out of luck .
Should n’t that have been on the agenda at the Washington summit ?
Michael Hiltzik ’s column appears Sundays and Wednesdays .
Reach him at michael.hiltzik@latimes.com , read previous columns at www.latimes.com/hiltzik, and follow @latimeshiltzik on Twitter .
On the heels of my last blog about how many practitioners of woo are beginning to see the light of skepticism , last week ’s Amazing Cruise was not only a complete blast , the likes of which many of us on board had never seen , it also provided another powerful testimony .
We are making big strides .
On board was a once steeped - in - woo New Age healer , channeler and psychic ; Maria Myrback .
Maria ’s story is one I hope to see and hear repeated over and over in the years to come .
For my part in what happened in her case , it showed me that I ’m making a difference .
One person at a time can make a difference if we go out and DO SOMETHING .
Visit Maria ’s website , www.fledgelingskeptic.com where you can read the whole story in her own words .
Maria was a woo goddess .
Now she is one of us .
Like Karla McLaren , ( read my recent post : “ Culture Clashing ” ) who saw my NBC special “ Secrets of the Psychics Revealed ” and realized she was doing cold reading which led her to becoming a skeptic , Maria saw my Penn & Teller “ Bullshit ” episode , “ Talking to the Dead , ” and realized that what she was doing was wrong .
She ’s now a skeptical convert .
Word is out that one - time $ 50,000 IIG claimant Anita Ikonen is also in the throes of a skeptical transformation .
Those of us who have gotten to know Anita a little will reserve our judgements until more information is available , but in a conversation I had with her over lunch on the day the IIG tested Regan Traynor , she confessed that she was in the process of considering a recantation of her popular book about breatharianism and spilling the beans about what a bunch of nonsense that whole part of her life was ( when she was known as “ Alenara . ” )
We are all waiting on that one .
Some stripes are harder to change than others .
When woo gets skeptical , everybody wins .
It may take a little time to see the results , but if you are willing to take a stand , skeptics , rational thinkers and even a few on the fence can be effective in changing the mess we are in .
There is no doubt in my mind that Karla , Maria and Anita are only the tip of an iceberg that is slowly thawing .
Knowing I have been a part of these transformations is uplifting .
I ’m now re-invigorated .
To hear Maria tell me that I inspired this change for the better in her life made the Amazing Cruise even more amazing .
This was a week I will remember .
The camaraderie and inspiration was tremendous and the promise of fantastic new things to come from JREF , CFI and the grassroots movement was as exhilarating as the bracing sea air and the bright blue waters of Grand Turk Island .
Maria gracefully accepted the Silver Ship Award from Jeff Wagg for her detremination and committment to skepticism and all were delieghted by her soft spoken demeanor .
I will comment more on The Amazing Cruise later on down the line .
FORCE ONE managed to gain a few more operatives and I found out there are some very interesting underground hush hush deals underway that are extremely provocative .
If you are one of the lurkers from the Vent / Browne / Coffey crowd – watch your backs .
We are planning on more proactive premptive actions against the bottom - feeders out there and we will be bringing it to their doors , not waiting for them to sign on for a challenge or an investigation .
The gloves are coming off .
I ’m sure Brian Dunning will be posting something about it here and there are literally THOUSANDS of photos blossoming all over Facebook and elsewhere online if you look .
Jeff Wagg ’s Rational
Alchemy podcast we did on board was a high point for many of us and should be available at www.rationalalchemy.com soon .
Check it out .
It was marvelous .
Coq Au Riesling
I have always loved the Alsatian version of coq au vin and this is it , stunningly streamlined .
I replace the onion with leek , buy bacon already cubed , and buy chicken thighs .
The dark meat is always best in a stew .
I do n’t bother to sear the meat , which really means you need skinless portions ; unbrowned chicken skin is not pretty .
If you ’re not buying thighs , but thigh fillets , then it is probably more helpful to think in terms of boned weight , rather than number of portions : go , here , for about 2¾ pounds .
I tend not to add any cream to this the first time around , which is why I mention it in the ingredients list but not in my method , but if I have a small amount left over , I add a little heavy cream and turn it into a pasta sauce .
I like to eat my coq au Riesling as they do in Alsace , with a huge pile of buttered noodles .
Whether you add cream or not is entirely up to you .
Dear Sarah Palin : I confess that in the past , I have made fun of you .
But you keep claiming that curtailing women 's reproductive rights empowers women , and I 'm not laughing anymore .
Advertisement
The supposed benefit for women of an anti-choice ideology has been one of your talking points for a while now , but today 's Facebook post on the upcoming March for Life represents a new low of anti-feminist doublethink .
Allow me to respond point - by - point .
In the years following Roe , we were told that the issue was no longer open for debate and that we should get over it and move on .
Advertisement
This is an interesting complaint given the frequency with which feminists , especially those who try to make reproductive rights a campaign issue , are told to " get over it and move on . "
[ T ] his peaceful , hopeful grassroots crowd of individuals , families and students comes to our capital every year [ for the March for Life ] to remind us that every innocent life is beautiful , precious and full of potential .
These warrior souls come to show their dedication to the weakest among us : those with special needs , women without anyone to turn to , and children without a voice .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The claim that anti-choicers speak for a marginalized group — here , " children without a voice " — is a common cover - up for their effective marginalization of women .
What 's more unusual about your argument is your assertion that anti-abortion somehow help " women without anyone to turn to , " when in fact , if you succeed , you will put millions of women in a situation in which they have no one to turn to .
Except , that is , for service providers you approve of :
They run the helpful pregnancy resource centers , the counseling hotlines , the foster care facilities , the adoption services , and countless other outreach programs that offer compassionate assistance and friendship to women who are struggling .
Advertisement
If you truly want to increase funding for foster care and liberalize adoption to make it cheaper and easier for children to find homes , I agree with you wholeheartedly .
But when you mention " helpful pregnancy resource centers , " I believe you 're speaking of the kind of crisis pregnancy centers that , at their worst , give misinformation , withhold birth control advice , and even coerce women into giving up their children for adoption rather than raising them themselves .
At their very best , these centers still fail to offer women the abortion option they have the right to exercise , and your claim that removing this option helps " struggling " women is infantilizing rather than empowering .
UCLA Student Exposes The False " Options " Of Crisis Pregnancy Centers
When she arrives at the center with her boyfriend , the staff give Duran hot tea and paperwork —… Read more
I know from experience the joy and blessings that come from embracing life , and I know how important their work is in helping women choose life despite less than ideal circumstances .
Advertisement
You seem to believe that your individual experience allows you to speak for all women .
It does n't .
The pro-life movement is pro-women , and it empowers women with the message that we are strong enough and smart enough to be able to pursue education , vocations and avocations while giving life to a child .
Advertisement
Many pro-choice feminists have fought hard to help women work and study while raising children .
And in fact your philosophy of " government getting out of the way " fights against many of the programs that would make these things easier — reliable nationalized health care , for instance .
Your attempt to recast the anti-choice movement as a movement for working moms is patently ludicrous .
[ M] any of the earliest leaders of the women 's rights movement were pro-life – women like Susan B. Anthony , Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Alice Paul , the author of the original Equal Rights Amendment in 1923 , who said , " Abortion is the ultimate exploitation of women . "
Advertisement
There is considerable dispute over whether Susan B. Anthony was in fact pro-life .
And given the fact that abortion was actually legal in the US until the late 1800s , and that the debate over reproductive rights looked very different in the early days of feminism , it 's difficult for anyone today to claim common ground with Stanton or Anthony on this issue .
Today , more and more young women agree with these feminist foremothers , for they know in their hearts that the culture of life empowers women by offering them real choices .
Advertisement
This line sums up everything that is disturbing about your post , and indeed much of your rhetoric in general .
Using vague language and contorted logic , you attempt to make an uplifting platitude out of what is essentially an indefensible statement : that you are offering women more choices by offering them fewer .
Sarah Palin : Marching For A Beautiful Life [ Facebook ]
How to keep it up
Some reclamation efforts have shown success .
Daryl Baldwin started working to revive the dormant language of the Miami Nation in the Midwest ( part of the Algonquian language family ) , and taught his own children to speak it fluently .
He now directs the Myaamia Project at Miami University in Ohio , a joint effort between academics and the Miami tribe .
Farther east is Stephanie Fielding , a member of the Connecticut Mohegans and an adviser on the Stony Brook project .
She has devoted her life to bringing her tribe ’s language back to life and is compiling a dictionary and grammar book .
In her eyes language provides a mental telescope into the world of her ancestors .
She notes , for example , that in an English conversation , a statement is typically built with the first person  “ I ”  coming first .
In the same statement in Mohegan , however , “ you ” always comes first , even when the speaker is the subject .
Image “ Conversion of the Indians , ” an early depiction of some of the original inhabitants of Long Island .
Its exact date is unknown .
Credit ... Long Island Collection , East Hampton Free Library
“ This suggests a more communally minded culture , ” she said .
Now in her 60s , Ms. Fielding knows firsthand just how tough it is to sustain a language effort over time , however .
She said she was still not fluent .
“ In order for a language to survive and resurrect , ” she said , “ it needs people talking it , and for people to talk it , there has to be a society that works on it . ”
Chief Wallace of the Unkechaug in Long Island already has a willing student from a younger generation .
Howard Treadwell , 24 , graduated from Stony Brook in 2009 with a linguistics degree .
He will participate in the Long Island effort while doing graduate work at the University of Arizona , where there is a specialized program researching American Indian languages .
Mr. Treadwell is one of 400 registered members of the tribe , which maintains a 52 - acre reservation in Mastic , on the South Shore .
The Shinnecocks have about 1,300 enrolled members and have a reservation adjacent to Southampton .
CLEVELAND , Ohio -- A 29 - year - old Cleveland man was shot Thursday night during a dice game that turned into a robbery .
Billy D. Williams was then taken to MetroHealth Medical Center where he was treated and released .
Cleveland police are looking for the shooter , whose name is unknown .
Williams , and several others , were playing dice at a home in the 3000 block of East 52nd Street around 8 p.m. when Williams went to the kitchen and made a drink .
He then went to use the bathroom .
Williams was followed by the suspect , known only as " Rell . "
Rell closed the door , pulled out a gun and then told Williams to hand over his earrings and to empty his pockets .
Williams thought it was a joke and told Rell , " quit playing " .
Williams 's cousin , whose name is unknown , walked in .
Rell then pretended that he was joking .
Williams and Rell left the bathroom , preceded to the living and sat down together , watching a dice game .
Rell then grabbed Williams ' arm , put a gun to his head , and demanded Williams to hand over his earrings and to empty his pockets .
Rell told Williams ' cousin to make it clear to Williams that he was not playing .
While everyone ran upstairs , Williams and Rell began arguing .
When Williams tried to follow the others upstairs , Rell shot him in the left buttock , and then fled the scene .
Rell 's whereabouts are unknown .
A landmark court ruling has opened a battle over what social welfare model the traditionally generous German state can offer , raising questions about the balance between human dignity and the need to balance the national books .
Last month , the federal constitutional court said that a sweeping reform established five years ago to reduce what was then seen as an overburdened welfare system was unconstitutional .
The reason :
It failed to ensure its 6.7 million recipients , especially children , " a dignified minimum income " and give less privileged citizens a " minimum level of participation in social , cultural , and political life . "
The court gave Chancellor Angela Merkel 's coalition until year 's end to create a better model .
And it unleashed heated debate over the future of Germany 's social model at a time when , from France to Greece , social unrest in Europe is widespread .
" The court said that it 's not enough to have food , clothes , and a roof – people also have to be able to participate in society , otherwise they become outcasts , " says Christoph Butterwegge , a poverty expert at the University of Cologne .
" For the constitutional court to define social participation as a right , that 's unprecedented . "
Controversial reforms spark lawsuit
The controversial Hartz - IV reform has often been called Germany 's boldest postwar welfare reform .
It focused on pushing the jobless to find work more quickly , limiting the period during which people could collect unemployment .
It was designed amid soaring unemployment – and the financial pressures of absorbing Germany 's ex-communist states and a European call to make the German economy more competitive .
Some said it was a courageous step .
But others condemned it as an attack on a quintessentially German principle of solidarity and social harmony , by spurring the rise of low - paying , precarious jobs .
Two families ultimately took the government to court , saying that children 's benefits were too low for them to survive financially .
Hartz IV merged unemployment and welfare payments , with adults receiving a " basic security " lump sum of €359 ( about $ 490 ) monthly and children getting 60 to 80 percent of that .
Their case went all the way to the Supreme Court – and won .
Calculating the needs of children as a percentage of the needs of adults is " arbitrary and not transparent , " said court president Hans - Jürgen Papier , asking the government to redesign the system so families can live " according to minimum humane standards . "
Deciding what a child needs
" For the first time ever , the government has to grapple with what it is a child really needs , " says Ulrich Schneider , president of Paritätische , an association of 10,000 nongovernmental charitable social groups in Berlin , describing the ruling as a " historic victory " for 2.2 million children on welfare .
" The judges have put dignity – and not how to calculate children 's benefits so that the government spends as little as possible – at the heart of the discussion .
How the government achieves that – with all - day schools , free school lunches ... free entries to museums and the theater – is another question . "
Although the court did n't call for children 's welfare benefits to be raised , experts say that social spending will have to rise , increasing tensions within Chancellor Merkel 's center - right coalition over how to fulfill its pledge to cut taxes as it struggles to cut government spending .
" The ruling is not about increasing transfer payments , " says Helmut Rainer , at the Institute for Economic Research in Munich .
" It 's about , how do you have to rethink our current welfare system ?
How do we design a welfare system that provides incentives to work ?
How do you make sure that there are no disincentives ? "
Critics say court overstepped
Guido Westerwelle , the foreign minister and leader of the pro-business Free Democrats , angered some by saying that the ruling was a wake - up call to cut short what he called " socialistic tendencies . "
" We have to start thinking about those who work hard and also take care of their family , and not only those who are on welfare , " he said .
" Those who work have to earn more than those who do n't work , and one should have the right to be saying ... anything else is socialism . "
Some say the constitutional court has overstepped .
" The role of the constitutional court is to protect human dignity , not to ' deliver ' human dignity by giving people money or things , " says Gerd Held , a social scientist at Berlin 's Technical University .
Studies show that Germany is unparalleled in the close link between children 's success and parents ' social background – partly a result of short school days and limited child care .
Instead of raising benefits , many experts say what 's needed are all - day schools and giving lower - income children better access to after - school activities .
" Ours is a brand of social - market economy , it never was capitalism pure and simple , " says Mr. Schneider of Paritätische .
" Germany is not just an economic place .
It is a place to live .
The message of the ruling is that it should stay that way . "
But while images of the far cosmos are nearly always visually appealing , this one is especially intriguing because of the way it was captured .
This faraway galaxy normally could n't be seen in such dramatic detail , but as chance would have it a huge cluster of nearer galaxies drifted into our line of sight to SMMJ2135 -0102 .
Because massive bodies -- like huge clusters of galaxies -- bend light , the further galaxy appeared 16 times larger to telescopes here on Earth .
Real Estate Flyer Design Tips
The cost of printing real estate flyers pales to their high conversion value ; it will do your business good to pay particular attention to their quality .
But that does n’t justify blowing your budget for them .
Get the best possible price for your flyers by taking an active role in their design and printing , and ensuring that the essential elements that will sell your property are in place in your flyer design .
Real Estate Flyer Design Advice
Use the best series of photos to build an on-location guide .
Select attractive , professional - quality photographs of the estate .
Arrange them in a series of images that guide potential buyers around the property .
Effective visualization can help influence potential buyers ’ opinion of the estate well before they actually arrive at the location .
Include persuasive property headlines , descriptions , and call to action .
Compelling headlines and image descriptions help people attach positive sentiments to the property .
The flyer copy must speak to the reader in terms of customer benefits , highlighting the property ’s selling points in a welcoming but concise manner .
Persuade the reader to make a positive action towards closing the deal with a strong call to action , whether it ’s to call a contact person or visit the property on a scheduled tour .
Match your theme with the property ’s atmosphere , and adhere to good design .
Your real estate flyer sets potential buyers ’ expectations ; a consistency of theme between the flyers ’ and the property ’s “ feel ” helps ensure that those expectations are met .
Remember the basics of good design when planning the layout of your real estate flyers .
For instance , 30 % of the flyers must be allowed for space , and no more than two fonts must be used .
Proof several times for errors , then print professionally and affordably .
Do n’t let your flyer printing go to waste because of a simple error .
Have fresh eyes go over your final proof too ; they may catch errors you ’ve glossed over .
Once you ’re sure with your real estate flyer design , send it to a reputable online printer that is known for high - quality printing , great prices , and real customer service so you make the most of your flyer printing budget .
Invest in reliable business flyer printing that has all these qualities .
Visit UPrinting.com and find out how much we can help with your marketing strategies today .
The story of how GPU came to be used for high - performance computation is pretty cool .
Hardware heavily optimized for graphics turned out to be useful for another use : certain types of high - performance computations .
In this article , I will explore how and why this happened , and summarize the state of general computation on GPUs today .
Programmable graphics
The first step towards computation on the GPU was introduction of programmable shaders .
Both DirectX and OpenGL added support for programmable shaders roughly a decade ago , giving game designers more freedom to create custom graphics effects .
Instead of just composing pre-canned effects , graphic artists can now write little programs that execute directly on the GPU .
As of DirectX 8 , they can specify two types of shader programs for every object in the scene : a vertex shader and a pixel shader .
A vertex shader is a function invoked on every vertex in the 3D object .
The function transforms the vertex and returns its position relative to the camera view .
By transforming vertices , vertex shaders help implement realistic skin , clothes , facial expressions , and similar effects .
A pixel shader is a function invoked on every pixel covered by a particular object and returns the color of the pixel .
To compute the output color , the pixel shader can use a variety of optional inputs : XY - position on the screen , XYZ - position in the scene , position in the texture , the direction of the surface ( i.e. , the normal vector ) , etc .
Pixel shader can also read textures , bump maps , and other inputs .
Here is a simple scene , rendered with six different pixel shaders applied to the teapot :
A always returns the same color .
B varies the color based on the screen Y - coordinate .
C sets the color depending on the XYZ screen coordinates .
D sets the color proportionally to the cosine of the angle between the surface normal and the light direction ( “ diffuse lighting ” ) .
E uses a slightly more complex lighting model and a texture , and F also adds a bump map .
If you are curious how lighting shaders are implemented , check out GamaSutra ’s Implementing Lighting Models With HLSL .
Realization : shaders can be used for computation !
Let ’s take a look at a simple pixel shader that just blurs a texture .
This shader is implemented in HLSL ( a DirectX shader language ) :
float4 ps_main ( float2 t : TEXCOORD0 ) : COLOR0 { float dx = 2 / fViewportWidth ; float dy = 2 / fViewportHeight ; return 0.2 * tex2D ( baseMap , t ) + 0.2 * tex2D ( baseMap , t + float2( dx , 0 ) ) + 0.2 * tex2D ( baseMap , t + float2( - dx , 0 ) ) + 0.2 * tex2D ( baseMap , t + float2 ( 0 , dy ) ) + 0.2 * tex2D ( baseMap , t + float2 ( 0 , - dy ) ) ; }
The texture blur has this effect :
This is not exactly a breath - taking effect , but the interesting part is that simulations of car crashes , wind tunnels and weather patterns all follow this basic pattern of computation !
All of these simulations are computations on a grid of points .
Each point has one or more quantities associated with it : temperature , pressure , velocity , force , air flow , etc .
In each iteration of the simulation , the neighboring points interact : temperatures and pressures are equalized , forces are transferred , grid is deformed , and so forth .
Mathematically , the programs that run these simulations are partial differential equation ( PDE ) solvers .
As a trivial example , here is a simple simulation of heat dissipation .
In each iteration , the temperature of each grid point is recomputed as an average over its nearest neighbors :
It is hard to overlook the fact that an iteration of this simulation is nearly identical to the blur operation .
Hardware highly optimized for running pixel shaders will be able to run this simulation very fast .
And , after years of refinement and challenges from latest and greatest games , GPUs became very efficient at using massive parallelism to execute shaders blazingly fast .
One cool example of a PDE solver is a liquid and smoke simulator .
The structure of the simulation is similar to my trivial heat dissipation example , but instead of tracking the temperature of each grid point , the smoke simulator tracks pressure and velocity .
Just as in the heat dissipation example , a grid point is affected by all of its nearest neighbors in each iteration .
This simulation was developed by Keenan Crane .
For a view into general computation on GPUs in 2004 when hacked - up pixel shaders were the state of the art , see the General - Purpose Computation on GPUs section of GPU Gems 2 .
Arrival of GPGPU
Once GPUs have shown themselves to be a good fit for certain types of high - performance computations ( like PDEs ) , GPU manufacturers moved to make GPUs more attractive for general - purpose computing .
The idea of General Purpose computation on a GPU ( “ GPGPU ” ) became a hot topic in high - performance computing .
GPGPU computing is based around compute kernels .
A compute kernel is a generalization of a pixel shader :
Like a pixel shader , a compute kernel is a routine that will be invoked on each point in the input space .
.
A pixel shader always operates on two - dimensional space .
A compute kernel can work on space of any dimensionality .
.
A pixel shader returns a single color .
A compute kernel can write an arbitrary number of outputs .
.
A pixel shader operates on 32 - bit floating - point numbers .
A compute kernel also supports 64 - bit floating - point numbers and integers .
numbers and .
A pixel shader reads from textures .
A compute kernel can read from any place in GPU memory .
.
Additionally , compute kernels running on the same core can share data via an explicitly managed per-core cache .
Comparison of a GPU and a CPU
The control flow of a modern application is typically very complicated .
Just think about all the different tasks that must be completed to show this article in your browser .
To display this blog article , the CPU has to communicate with various devices , maintain thousands of data structures , position thousands of UI elements , parse perhaps a hundred file formats , … that does not even begin to scratch the surface .
And , not only are all of these tasks different , they also depend on each other in very complex ways .
Compare that with the control flow of a pixel shader .
A pixel shader is a single routine that needs to be invoked roughly a million times , each time on a different input .
Different shader invocations are pretty much independent and once all are done , the GPU starts over again with a scene where objects have moved a bit .
It should n’t come as a surprise that hardware optimized for running a pixel shader will be quite different from hardware optimized for tasks like viewing web pages .
A CPU greatly benefits from a sophisticated execution pipeline with multi-level caches , instruction reordering , prefetching , branch prediction , and other clever optimizations .
A GPU does not need most of those complex features for its much simpler control flow .
Instead , a GPU benefits from lots of Arithmetic Logic Units ( ALUs ) to add , multiply and divide floating point numbers in parallel .
This table shows the most important differences between a CPU and a GPU today :
CPU GPU 2 - 4 cores 16 - 32 cores
Each core runs 1 - 2 independent threads in parallel Each core runs 16 - 32 threads in parallel .
All threads on a core must execute the same instruction at any time .
Automatically managed hierarchy of caches Each core has 16 - 64 kB of cache , explicitly managed by the programmer 0.1 billion floating - point operations / second ( 0.1 TFLOP ) 1 billion floating - point operations / second ( 1 TFLOP )
Main memory throughput : 10 GB / sec GPU memory throughput : 100GB / sec
All of this means that if a program can be broken up into many threads all doing the same thing on different data ( ideally executing arithmetic operations ) , a GPU will probably be able to do this an order of magnitude faster than a CPU .
On the other hand , on an application with a complex control flow , CPU is going to be the one winning by orders of magnitude .
Going back to my earlier example , it should be clear why a CPU will excel at running a browser and a GPU will excel at executing a pixel shader .
This chart illustrates how a CPU and a GPU use up their “ silicon budget ” .
A CPU uses most of its transistors for the L1 cache and for execution control .
A GPU dedicates the bulk of its transistors to Arithmetic Logic Units ( ALUs ) .
Adapted from NVidia ’s CUDA Programming Guide .
NVidia ’s upcoming Fermi chip will slightly change the comparison table .
Fermi introduces a per-core automatically - managed L1 cache .
It will be very interesting to see what kind of impact the introduction of an L1 cache will have on the types of programs that can run on the GPU .
One point is fairly clear – the penalty for register spills into main memory will be greatly reduced ( this point may not make sense until you read the next section ) .
GPGPU Programming
Today , writing efficient GPGPU programs requires in - depth understanding of the hardware .
There are three popular programming models :
DirectCompute – Microsoft ’s API for defining compute kernels , introduced in DirectX 11
CUDA – NVidia ’s C - based language for programming compute kernels
OpenCL – API originally proposed by Apple and now developed by Khronos Group
Conceptually , the models are very similar .
The table below summarizes some of the terminology differences between the models :
DirectCompute CUDA
OpenCL thread thread work item thread group thread block work group group - shared memory shared memory local memory warp ?
warp wavefront barrier barrier barrier
Writing high - performance GPGPU code is not for the faint at heart ( although the same could probably be said about any type of high - performance computing ) .
Here are examples of some issues you need to watch out for when writing compute kernels :
The program has to have plenty of threads ( thousands )
( thousands )
Not too many threads , though , or cores will run out of registers and will have to simulate additional registers using main GPU memory .
, though , or cores will run out of registers and will have to simulate additional registers using main GPU memory .
It is important that threads running on one core access main memory in such a pattern that the hardware will be coalesce the memory accesses from different threads .
This optimization alone can make an order of magnitude difference .
from different threads .
This optimization alone can make an order of magnitude difference .
… and so on .
Explaining all of these performance topics in detail is well beyond the scope of this article , but hopefully this gives you an idea of what GPGPU programming is about , and what kinds of problems it can be applied to .
And they may have a point .
While the vast majority of people in Northern Ireland have shown a willingness to not kill each other , they have been less enthusiastic about the prospect of actually living with each other .
Northern Ireland remains very segregated , physically and psychologically .
Most people live in neighborhoods that remain overwhelmingly populated by one of the two main traditions : Catholic nationalists , who aspire to unity with the Irish Republic , and Protestant unionists , who want to remain part of the United Kingdom .
It could be the men who murdered Kieran Doherty look around and see that the supposedly new Northern Ireland looks suspiciously like the old one .
It could be they see a society still so bitterly divided , still so deeply segregated , that they believe they can exploit historical animosities , that they can capitalize on an almost reflexive tendency among most people in Northern Ireland to view things along narrow sectarian lines , as “ us versus them , ” an “ us ” that remains largely defined by a combination of religion and national identity .
The Troubles , as the Irish quaintly call their civil wars , are finished , and Northern Ireland has been held up as a model in conflict resolution , one that has been applied to mediation efforts from the Basque country to Iraq .
So why is there still an irredentist rump , still carrying on as if it ’s 1972 , reducing a complex dispute over power and equality and national allegiance to something as naively simplistic as Brits Out ?
Beyond the tragedy for his family , and the 2 - year - old girl who will grow up without a father , Kieran Doherty ’s abduction and murder seemed hopelessly anachronistic .
So , too , did the car bomb that blew up outside a courthouse in Newry , on the other side of Northern Ireland , two days before Doherty was murdered .
His killers , men who call themselves the Real IRA because they think the real IRA sold out by ending its war , issued a statement , saying Doherty was “ executed ” because he was a drug dealer .
In the housing projects of the Brandywell , a neighborhood on Derry ’s Bogside that produced its fair share of Irish Republican Army men over the years , there were whispers that Doherty was a tout , an informer , the bane of Irish rebels for centuries .
He may have been a pusher or a tout .
He may have been neither .
But he was certainly a victim of a conflict that was supposed to be over .
For the men who killed Kieran Doherty a few weeks ago , it must have felt like old times .
They bound his hands , stripped him of his clothes , and put two bullets in his head .
Then they dumped his body on the Braehead Road , outside Derry , near the border , a border separating Northern Ireland and the Irish Republic whose existence has been used to justify murder for the last 90 years .
In the wake of some civil wars , including America ’s , the institutionalization of separate but equal is a natural consequence .
But , as in the American experience , it is eventually recognized as being a corrosive , negative influence .
And the difficulty of breaking down barriers , real and perceived , dogs other divided societies , including those in the former Yugoslavia .
In Northern Ireland , though , there is a lingering acceptance of widespread segregation that belies its role as a model for transforming historically divided societies .
In 1971 , Reginald Maulding , the British secretary of state for Northern Ireland , cynically suggested the security forces could contain the IRA enough to create “ an acceptable level ” of violence .
The new Northern Ireland seems depressingly willing to countenance an acceptable level of separateness .
In the 12 years that have passed since I lived in Ireland and chronicled the process that led to the Good Friday Agreement , effectively ending the Troubles , I ’m always struck upon my annual visits to Northern Ireland by how segregated it remains , despite the near absence of politically motivated violence .
Not only is there an official ethos of separate but equal , but an infrastructure underpinning it .
There are three times as many so - called peace lines — elaborate walls separating working - class neighborhoods — than there were at the height of the Troubles , 88 of them at last count .
I walked through Protestant housing projects in North Belfast and noticed many vacant apartments .
On the other side of the peace line , the Catholic projects were overcrowded .
But there is no attempt to move Catholic families into the vacant apartments because , as they say in Belfast , even the dogs in the street know there ’d be riots .
With segregation the status quo , there is an enormous duplication of public services , such as schools , community centers , and health clinics .
The Alliance Party , the only major political party that draws substantial numbers from both sides of the divide , estimates that duplication of public services costs more than $ 1 billion a year , this in a place the size of Connecticut with a population of less than 2 million .
But it ’s more than money that Northern Ireland is losing .
It is losing the very kind of people that might change things .
Some are voting with their feet , others simply not voting at all .
Voting participation , which surged in the optimism following the Good Friday Agreement , has slumped .
The brain drain , which saw educated young people head to England and everywhere else , slowed after everything looked possible in 1998 .
But it has picked up again , as a new generation that grew up without widespread violence concludes that peace is nice but not everything .
So much creativity , energy , and productivity , lost across the Irish Sea .
Bill and Melinda Gates have been rightly praised for donating another $ 10bn for vaccine development and immunisation in poor countries earlier this month .
Much less attention has been paid to their advocacy of genetically modified foods at the recent World Economic Forum in Davos as part of a second " green revolution " in Africa , criticised by many as unnecessarily risky for farmers though highly - profitable for corporations like Monsanto .
Yet more and more foreign aid is coming from private donors like these , often with a background in business that demands more control and short - term returns on investment .
What should be done with the " philanthro - capitalists " , who have sincere intentions but no public accountability for the choices that they make , choices that affect the lives of millions ?
In a world desperate for resources it makes no sense to reject billions of dollars in new money , but serious questions are raised by privatising the search for solutions to global problems .
For one thing , who decides which problems get attention ?
Investing in new vaccines against malaria is great , but there 's no vaccine against poverty , inequality , violence or corruption , areas in which there are no " short - term returns on investment " , only a long , hard slog through politics and social change .
Does that mean only the easiest causes will be funded ?
Research from the Centre for Global Development in Washington DC already shows that national health systems in Africa have been damaged by too much of a focus on getting drugs to people with HIV – a vital problem that 's for sure , but not one that should monopolise foreign aid .
As history shows , the path to real development lies through building strong local institutions – broad - based capacities for innovation , not innovative projects that can never be sustained .
The philanthro - capitalists ' desire for data and control also directs the lion 's share of resources to the biggest and most accessible NGOs that can absorb large amounts of foreign funding , not the social movements that can pressure their own governments to perform in the public interest and mobilise large numbers of people to defend their rights .
Even more troubling , corporate philanthropy deflects attention away from the need to change core business practices so that developing countries can capture more of the value added by economic development – removing patent protection from Monsanto and other companies , for example , who aim to monopolise the market for new seeds , or plugging the tax hole left by corporate tax avoidance that costs the South almost $ 400 bn a year in lost income , far more than they receive in foreign aid .
Allocating resources is always full of trade - offs and contradictions , but resolving them should n't be ceded to outside technocrats or the whims of billionaires .
It 's time to pour the generosity of the rich and famous into national development funds under democratic control , supplemented by international taxes on bank profits and currency transactions .
Accountability , not accountancy , is the way forward for foreign aid .
• Small Change :
Why business wo n't save the world is published by Berrett Koehler
Berlin , probably one of the most frequented KDE hacking locations in the world , saw another hack sprint from 13th to 21st of February .
This time four of the KDevelop and five of the Kate developers shared a week of very productive programming .
Additionally team members from Okteta and KDE on Windows joined the meeting .
Attendees
Many of the attendees found time for a quick group photo :
Group photo in front of the Brandenburger Tor Group photo in front of the Brandenburger Tor
In the group photo are , from left to right : Alexander Dymo ( KDevelop ) , Joseph Wenninger ( Kate ) , Aleix Pol ( KDevelop ) , Niko Sams ( KDevelop ) , Bernhard Beschow ( Kate ) , Milian Wolff ( Kate & KDevelop ) , Christoph Cullmann ( Kate ) , Friedrich Kossebau ( Okteta ) , Dominik Haumann ( Kate ) .
Erlend Hamberg ( Kate ) and Patrick Spendrin ( KDE on Windows ) also attended .
As usual the meeting was great fun and additionally quite some important work on the projects could get done .
As also mentioned in
this blog developer meetings are really beneficial in several ways :
Social aspect :
You get to know the other developers involved in the project in real life , which is a great motivation factor .
This also happens at KDE 's annual conference Akademy , although there are a lot more people .
Productivity : Since you are sitting next to each other , discussions about how to do what are very focused .
It 's amazing how quickly a project can evolve this way .
Knowledge Transfer : Since participants are experts in different areas , discussions lead to knowledge transfer .
This is essential , as sometimes developers have very few free time to contributes to a project .
Spreading the knowledge helps a lot to keep the project alive .
Steady Contributions :
We are always open for new contributors .
Just send a patch , get commit access and join development .
Experience shows that participants of a developer meeting usually contribute for years to come .
Kate
With eight days this sprint was the longest the Kate developers ever did .
A huge amount of time was spent on bug triaging ( checking ) and fixing .
A total of 150 bugs got triaged , especially by Dominik and Christoph , who also set a new record by fixing a bug in only 56 seconds .
Granted , he'd be even faster if Milian would have told him the bug number earlier ;-)
But not only were bugs triaged , they also got closed .
Together with the new features a total of 159 commits got done during the sprint : many memory leaks and crashes got fixed .
Moreover , besides many specific speed improvements , the overall performance was increased .
JavaScript support and indenters got new features and became more stable .
Internals were refactored ( esp. the search by Bernhard ) and the Snippet plugin got some polish by Joseph .
Erlend continued work on the VI mode .
By cooperating with Bernhard , the search integration should be better in the future .
Immediate results are that the " search for next / previous occurrence of word under cursor " commands now work .
An effort to support vim 's visual block mode was also begun .
All in all one can say that the sprint results in a faster , more stable and more mature Kate .
The good thing of course is that many of the speed and stability improvements were backported and hence users can take advantage of them starting with Kate 3.4.1 , part of the recently released KDE Software Compilation 4.4.1 .
On a technical note , Kate development moved to gitorious .
This move is motivated by the fact that building only KTextEditor , Kate Part , KWrite and Kate is much faster and especially easier compared to building the KDE modules kdesupport , kdelibs , kdepimlibs , kdebase and kdesdk .
This lowers the barrier for new developers interested in Kate development .
For Kate in KDE nothing changes , though : all changes on gitorious will be merged back to the main KDE development line and vice versa .
Moving upstream development to git also brought new , fresh air into the discussion about all of KDE development moving to git .
So stay tuned !
KDevelop
KDevelop With Ruby On Rails Project KDevelop With Ruby On Rails Project
Even though the numbers are not so spectacular for KDevelop , the developers did not stand idly by : since a first stable release of KDevelop 4 is on the horizon , the developers concentrated on stability and polishing .
Especially with the help of the Kate developers on the spot some of the more evasive bugs could be solved in the Kate Part .
Overall a total of 15 Bugs got closed during the sprint .
Alexander Dymo managed to decrease the memory consumption of the C++- language plugin for certain cases .
He also reviewed parts of the UI together with Niko and created a list of things that will hopefully get sorted out before the launch of KDevelop 4 .
Finally he also put some work into the experimental Ruby language plugin , finally making it useful for himself and hopefully others who are Ruby on Rails developers .
Niko Sams put some more work into the debugger integration , which now makes it possible to open any arbitrary binary inside the embedded debugger in KDevelop .
Furthermore he released the first beta version of the XDebug plugin , which makes it possible to debug PHP applications in KDevelop .
Additionally , his experimental CSS support plugin saw more work .
And last but not least managed Niko to greatly increase the performance of auto completion in the PHP plugin , resulting in a much nicer experience .
VCS integration got some love by Aleix Pol .
Especially the still experimental Git plugin was improved and can hopefully be made stable in time for the move of KDE development to Git .
Quick Open Rails Views Quick Open Rails Views
Milian Wolff continued to improve the Snippet plugin for KDevelop , integrating the GHNS framework and making it generally more usable .
Together with Niko he also continued to polish and improve the PHP plugin for KDevelop .
Friedrich Kossebau , while attending the sprint to work on the integration of Okteta in KDevelop , also used the occasion to get first - hand support for the initial work on a plugin for the management of strings written for the UI .
These will be shown in a separate browser toolview as well as being additionally used for the auto completion , along with help on semantic markup and context tags .
This plugin had a blazing start and will hopefully see more work in the upcoming months .
KDevelop 4 now in stabilization phase
In related KDevelop news , Andreas Pakulat has announced that the last Beta release of KDevelop 4.0 is now available .
This release marks the end of all feature development and the beginning of the stabilization phase .
Finally KDevelop 4.0 is on the last meters towards its first Platform 4 stable release .
More details on the exact dates please are available in the release
schedule .
In addition to new features coming from the developer meeting , the majority of changes are bugfixes , this ranges from supporting git - type diffs in the patch - review , over improvements for the launch - configurations to various crash fixes related to parsing .
You can find the source packages on the KDE mirrors and there are instructions for compiling .
You can also check out a comparison of KDevelop 3 and 4 .
Okteta
Okteta plug in for KDevelop Okteta plug in for KDevelop
With the attendance of Okteta author Friedrich Kossebau , the complete team of everybody 's favorite KDE hex editor was present .
He managed to properly integrate Okteta into KDevelop , by creating a dedicated new KDevelop plug in .
This will make it possible to view and edit the raw data of any file from inside KDevelop .
The only show - stopper left is missing support for opening files in the hex - editor mode .
The basic work was completed in just three days and proved the strong and flexible architecture of KDevelop as well as the possibilities enabled by the modular construction of Okteta .
Despite this work Okteta will also continue to be available as a stand - alone program .
Besides this exciting feature , Friedrich worked on a variety of other things and improvements , including the earlier mentioned string management plugin .
Conclusion
As usual , putting smart minds together at a KDE developer meeting turned out to be a tremendous success and the attendees unanimously concurred that this experience should be repeated .
Especially sharing knowledge between the KDevelop and Kate developers turned out to be very beneficial and made it possible to quickly sort out quite a few issues and discuss fundamental design plans .
Fox & Friends on Friday may have finally offered up the alternative to “ ObamaCare ” that Republicans and other health reform opponents have n’t stepped up with .
The solution ?
Treat patients as if they were pets .
To be fair , it was n’t the Fox show hosts ’ idea .
It came from a Newsweek article by veterinary oncologist Karen Oberthaler , who offers an idea for reducing health care costs .
She says modeling treatment for humans after veterinary clinics could reduce the use of wasteful and often unnecessary tests .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ A very brilliant veterinary oncologist has a suggestion .
She says we should treat people like they treat their dogs , ” guest host Dari Alexander said .
“ Which makes a lot of sense , ” host Steve Doocy responded , to a few guffaws from his co-hosts .
Yet Doocy may have had a point .
In her Newsweek article , Oberthaler explains how the method used at her veterinary clinic could be used to cut down on redundant or unnecessary testing :
I explain what I think is going on , what I want to look for , and which tests I need to perform to find it .
I rank the diagnostics from most to least essential and lay out approximate costs .
My clients then choose what they want done , with an understanding of the relative importance , risk , and cost of each option .
This step - by - step approach may seem time - consuming , but it dramatically reduces the number of expensive , unnecessary tests .
And the process is more gratifying .
Of course it did n’t take long for one of the Fox hosts to bring up “ death panels . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I think dogs should be treated like people , in terms of respect for life , ” co-host Peter B. Johnson , Jr. , said .
“ But growing up all I ever heard … was ‘ The dog got put down ’ …
‘ We ca n’t pay to keep the dog alive . ’
Are we going to start applying that to humans ?
Are we going to start putting the dog down ? ”
“ You ’re talking about death panels , ” Alexander said .
“ Well , it sounds like it , does n’t it ? ” Johnson replied .
ADVERTISEMENT
Oberthaler ’s clients seem to disagree .
The veterinarian says the question she is “ asked with the second - most frequency ” is , “ Do you think I could be treated in this hospital ? ”
Which would suggest that , given the current state of health care , being treated like a dog might just be an improvement .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Fox News ’ Fox & Friends , broadcast March 12 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Military : It Could Take A Year To Fix ' Jesus Rifles ' U.S. troops in Afghanistan still carrying guns with secret Bible codes .
March 30 , 2010  --
More than two months after an ABC News report that rifle scopes used by U.S. soldiers are inscribed with secret Biblical references , troops in Afghanistan and Iraq are still carrying the so - called Jesus rifles – and the U.S. military says it could take a year to remove the Bible codes from all its weapons .
" Shame on them forever for their impossibly slow , plodding and utterly backwards plan for correction of this national and international disgrace , " said Mikey Weinstein of the Military Religious Freedom Foundation ( MRFF ) .
Weinstein , whose advocacy group promotes the separation of church and state in the military , said the MRFF has received numerous messages from troops deployed in Afghanistan complaining that the Gospel inscriptions on Trijicon rifle scopes place them at added risk .
A military spokesperson also told ABC News that Biblical references had been removed from just over a third of the military 's Trijicon scopes , but that most of the scopes that had been altered were being used by troops in training situations and on bases , not by troops in war zones .
Trijicon has sold an estimated 250,000 rifle scopes to the U.S. armed services , and the sights are used by U.S. troops in Iraq and Afghanistan and in the training of Iraqi and Afghan soldiers .
The biblical references on Trijicon 's Advance Combat Optical Guides , commonly known as ACOG sights , appear next to the model numbers in the same type font and size .
References include citations from the New Testament books of Revelation , Matthew and John .
One of the citations on the ACOG is " JN8:12 " , a reference to John 8:12 , which reads , " Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness , but will have the light of life .
" 2COR4:6 " is a reference to Second Corinthians 4:6 , which reads : " For God , who commanded the light to shine out of the darkness , hath shined in our hearts , to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ . "
Under what is known as " General Order Number One " U.S. military rules specifically prohibit " proselytizing of any faith , religion , or practice . "
The rules were drawn up in order to prevent criticism that the U.S. was embarked on a religious " Crusade " in its wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
" It 's wrong , it violates the Constitution , it violates a number of federal laws , " said Weinstein , an attorney and former Air Force officer .
" It allows the Mujahadeen , the Taliban , al Qaeda and the insurrectionists and jihadists to claim they 're being shot by Jesus rifles . "
A worldwide furor erupted in January after the existence of the Bible codes was reported by ABC News .
Countries around the world , including Australia , New Zealand , Canada , Israel and Great Britain , announced plans to remove the Bible codes from their Trijicon - supplied scopes .
At the time , the U.S. military said it had been unaware of the markings until notified of them by ABC News .
Gen. David Petraeus , commander of the U.S. Central Command , which oversees U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan , said he was " very concerned " to learn of the Biblical markings on the Trijicon scopes .
" Our mission is to protect the population we 're serving and establish conditions for security , stability , and development , and we strive to do that while remaining sensitive to the cultural and religious norms of the populace we are supporting . "
Within a week of the initial ABC News report in January , the Department of Defense announced that Trijicon had agreed to stop printing the verses on new scopes intended for military use .
The U.S. military also said it would modify the scopes already in use , and Trijicon agreed to provide 100 modification kits for the removal of the codes .
But in March , Weinstein contacted ABC News to say that service members in Afghanistan were sending his group messages claiming that the military was dragging its feet on modifying the scopes .
Weinstein said the service members complained that they felt uncomfortable with the unaltered scopes because many of the Afghan civilians and military forces being trained by the U.S. were aware of the controversy over the Bible markings .
" In one case , a village elder refused to let one of our young soldiers into his house to look because he had a Jesus rifle , " said Weinstein .
" He went to his immediate superior [ who ] told him if you continue to complain , we 'll take your rifle away and replace it with something less lethal . "
" It 's not just embarrassing to have these " Jesus rifles " with us but it's also a serious security threat to all of us , " reads one e-mail that Weinstein said MRFF received from a service member in Afghanistan .
" When we walk into an Afghan village trying to determine whether it's ' friend or foe ' regarding the Taliban etc. and they ask us right off the bat if we are using the ' Jesus rifles ' it is a VERY BAD way to start out considering our combat mission . "
When first contacted by ABC News about Weinstein 's allegations in March , the U.S. military told ABC News that it had received no complaints from service members about the Trijicon inscriptions .
However , the military gave conflicting explanations on how it was modifying the scopes used by soldiers in Afghanistan and Iraq .
A military spokesperson , Capt .
Geraldine Carey of the Marine Corps , initially told ABC News that " deployed units will not begin the modification until they return to their home stations . "
Carey 's statement echoed a March 15th article in the Army Times , in which Col. Doug Tamilio , a weapons administrator for the Army , said that ACOGs in war zones would not be modified until the soldiers carrying them had returned home to the U.S .
" We 've got soldiers engaged in combat ; I do n't want to disrupt what the soldiers are doing over there , " Tamilio told the Army Times .
When ABC contacted Capt .
Carey for clarification , however , she gave a different answer .
She said that an unspecified number of the Trijicon modification kits had been sent to deployed locations – meaning to Afghanistan and Iraq -- for units to perform the scope modifications themselves .
Carey also said the military is augmenting the Trijicon kits with common rotary tools and paint pens that can remove the inscriptions .
Carey said the alterations to the scopes have to be performed by a technician " trained to perform preventive and corrective maintenance on the equipment , " and " though the deployed troops are capable of performing the modification , conducting their combat operations is their first priority . "
Capt .
Carey told ABC
News that 35 percent of the scopes issued have already been altered .
Most of these , however , were used by " training units at bases , posts , and stations " or " units in the deployment pipeline . "
She also confirmed something Tamilio had told the Army Times – that the military had allotted a full year to modify the scopes .
The military 's " modification instruction " allows for one year for all the scopes to be altered , said Carey .
That time frame provides " operating forces with the flexibility to perform the modification without interfering with scheduled training and operations . "
Weinstein said he recently heard from a father of a service member in Afghanistan who was not willing to wait .
The father , said Weinstein , was " fuming mad that his son is being placed in harm 's way by something that could be fixed in less than 30 seconds . "
According to Weinstein , the father said he went to a Home Depot and bought thin black duct tape for his son and his battalion so that they could stick the tape over the scripture passages themselves .
" The father said he just sent the 101st fix kit over , " said Weinstein .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
The Marital Bliss Bar , sent in by Chenoa A. :
The description of the candy bar at the source says :
Here ’s a sweet way for “ soon - to - be- married ” or “ brand - new ” grooms to get used to the fact that they ’ll have to re-learn how to calculate percentages once married …. talk about new math !
So , just to be clear , the narrative is :
Guys … in marriage , women get more ; getting used to it is the only way you ’re going to be happy .
Turns out the data suggest otherwise .
The following things are true , on average :
1. Married men are happier than unmarried men .
But the opposite is true for women .
Unmarried women are happier than married women .
2. Women are more likely to file for divorce than men and , after divorce , women are happier , while men are less happy .
And yet , time and again , we ’re told that getting men hate the idea of getting married and are wives are such a drag ( see here and here for examples ) .
( One of the reasons , by the way , that women are less happy in marriage is because they do a disproportionate amount of housework and childcare . )
Republican Sen. Jim Bunning ’s ( R - KY ) insistence on blocking the extension of unemployment benefits for Americans across the nation has drawn a sharp rebuke from the Democratic National Committee , which labeled it a prime example of harmful GOP obstructionism .
Bunning ’s adamant opposition kept up Monday , when he shouted at ABC reporter Jonathan Karl for inquiring about his stance , warning him to stay out of a Senators only elevator .
Karl claimed Bunning flipped him the bird .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Republicans would be better served if they were less interested in defending a senators - only elevator and more interested in defending American jobs , ” said DNC National Press Secretary Hari Sevugan in an e-mail to Raw Story .
Bunning on Friday repeatedly and single - handedly objected to an effort by Sen. Dick Durbin ( D - IL ) to attain unanimous consent among senators for extending COBRA and other benefits to out - of - work individuals across America .
He reportedly made his point with an unusually harsh message for its backers : “ Tough shit .
“ Perhaps today ’s outburst is because Republicans are frustrated that at a time when the American people want their leaders to get things done the most , their strategy is to repeatedly demonstrate that ’s what they are interested in the least , ” Sevugan said .
“ Jim Bunning and Republicans have it backward .
What Republicans do n’t understand is that they should n’t be angry with the American people for questioning their obstructionist tactics , it ’s the American people who are angry with them for employing those tactics , ” he added .
ADVERTISEMENT
CNN reached out to Bunning ?s office for comment .
A spokesman for the senator said “ I do n’t have any comment , ” when asked about the obscene gesture .
The Associated Press reported that as a result of Bunning ’s single - handed decision to block the extension , “ [ t ] wo thousand federal transportation workers will be furloughed without pay on Monday . ”
Sevugan said the American people “ are paying the price for Republican obstructionism . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ After saying ‘ no ’ to a Recovery Act that independent observers say created millions of jobs , just today Republican obstruction went a step further and actually forced thousands of Americans out of their jobs , ” he said .
Bunning claimed his decision was out of concern for the national debt , and insisted that the money for jobless benefit extensions come out of President Obama ’s stimulus package instead .
ADVERTISEMENT
The DNC spokesman blasted Republicans for their opposition to initiatives by President Obama and Democrats on a variety of fronts , including health care .
“ Adding insult to injury , Republican obstruction cut the safety net out from under Americans who lost their jobs , took away their health care and denied struggling small businesses who could create new jobs the loans to do so , ” Sevugan e-mailed to Raw Story .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) doubled down , disputing Bunning ’s claim that he was merely being fiscally responsible and saying his actions were unacceptable .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ One fact remains clear : Senator Bunning ’s actions blocked critical funding to millions of out - of - work Americans and caused thousands of workers to be furloughed this week , ” said Reid ’s spokesman Jim Manley .
“ There are no excuses for Senator Bunning to hold this funding hostage , and there is no explanation for the Republican leadership to remain silent on this issue . ”
By Captain Pyke | January 16 , 2010 - 9:07 pm
With little info trickling out about J.J. Abrams 's next installment of Star Trek and despite the half - way done claim by Zoe Saldana , it seems work is beginning on Star Trek XII .
In a recent interview with IF Magazine , J.J. reveals that about the progress of the next movie , as well as Leonard Nimoy 's continued involvement with Fringe .
Check out the interview excerpt below .
iF MAGAZINE : How hands - on are you with FRINGE these days ?
J.J. ABRAMS : You know , Jeff Pinkner and Joel [ J.H. ]
Wyman run the show and are doing an amazing job and I ’m in prep on this pilot , so the fact is that lately they ’ve been running the whole show .
Anything that people like about the show I say is due to the work that they ’re doing .
iF : Leonard Nimoy has reportedly said he might not be back as William Bell .
Is that entailing any sort of change in storyline ?
ABRAMS : No , we ’re right on track with the story that we ’re going to tell , and there ’s a strong chance he ’ll be back .
iF : As the FRINGE season progresses , can you say if it ’s going to get any more serialized , more stand - alone , or about the balance we ’ve seen so far ?
ABRAMS : I think that they maintain a nice balance doing episodes that have an overall stand - alone approach but thread in serialized stories .
There are some episodes that are more hard - hitting mythology .
So I think you ’ll probably end up seeing , as it builds to the end , a few more potentially mythology - focused episodes as the season concludes .
iF : Is there anything you can say at this point about STAR TREK 2 ?
ABRAMS : They ’re just now beginning work on the script .
( source IF Magazine )
Read the full interview here .
Sponsor
You can support StarDate radio by sponsoring our program for a day .
You 'll get your name on the air ( or the name of someone else you would like to honor ) , in StarDate magazine , and on our web site .
Of course , walking around with such face paint on might raise an eyebrow or two among human observers anyway , unless you claim to be an Avatar fanboy or fangirl .
You can also go with the alternate excuses of citing Blade Runner or Flock of Seagulls as inspiration for the makeup .
Children of the ' 80s unite !
Android Forums is alight today with fresh HTC Incredible chatter -- a phone every Android fan on Verizon is desperately waiting for -- and we 've managed to glean a few more pictures and possible specs out of the mess .
It looks like we can expect a half gig of RAM with about 320 MB available ( roughly the same as what you find on the Nexus One ) and an 8 megapixel cam , but interestingly , the phone 's Snapdragon core is apparently underclocked to 768MHz , almost certainly a battery - saving measure on HTC 's part ; fortunately , the Sense - powered Android 2.1 firmware is still said to be " blazing fast . "
It measures 117.5 x 58.5 x 11.9 mm -- just a hair narrower , shorter , and thicker than its Nexus
One doppelganger , small enough of a difference so that we think it 'll be virtually indistinguishable in person .
As shots go , we 're seeing now that HTC has moved from the brightly - colored glossy shell to a soft - touch black one while keeping the strange contours ; we think there 's at least a chance that this is final ID , too , since the Verizon logo is silkscreened at the bottom .
Inside , the entire thing ( including the battery itself ) is a shockingly loud shade of red , mirroring an odd design trend first seen on the HD mini .
We definitely dig it .
If the stats over on the forum hold up , the Incredible 's on track for a launch in April or May , so it 's still a few weeks off -- in the meanwhile , we encourage you to check out more of the new shots after the break .
[ Thanks , Matt and EBBY ]
Beberapa jenis obat kuat memberikan bantuan pad penis untuk ereksi , ada pula obat kuat jenis lain yang memberikan rangsangan agar menimbulkan ereksi .
Kedua jenis obat kuat ini berbeda cara kerjanya meskipun sama - sama membuat ereksi .
HA HA CEMETERY
ESTABLISHED 1800
HERE LIE THE REMAINS OF
JOHN SMITH
FOUNDER & FIRST REPRESENTATIVE
OF THE COUNTY OD ALBERT
Travelling east from Waterside and Newfoundland Creek , you cross Long Marsh Creek , pass the end of the Cape Enrage Road , then up Lewis ’ Hill and down Bray ’s Hill , where there ’s a great view of Chignecto Bay and beyond that a long stretch of the Cumberland County coast of Nova Scotia .
The countryside here is known as New Horton , which extends as far as Harvey .
Some of the early English - speaking settlers came from Horton , Nova Scotia .
The place was once divided into three different school and post office districts , to shorten the distance for school children and getting the mail .
Beginning at Bray ’s Hill , there was Little Ridge , New Horton and finally Upper New Horton .
Farming and lumbering were the main occupations and there was also some shipping from the little port of Two Rivers and from the eastern tip of Long Island on the edge of Ha Ha Bay .
The first settlers here were the French , who lived nearer the shore than today ’s Inhabitant .
They made good use of salt marshes and some of the remains of their dykes are still plainly visible .
There also are stamps and other evidence of apple trees they planted .
There are three pioneer cemeteries in the area , including the well - known Ha Ha Baptist Cemetery , where John Smith , the “ founder and first representative of Albert County ” is buried along with two of his three wives .
Besides the cemetery and small bay , the “ Ha Ha ” name is applied to the creek draining from Ha Ha or New Horton Lake , which is about a mile north of New Horton , and is about two miles long .
Legend has it that the Indians took the “ ha ha ” from the call of the loons .
On calm , summer days you can hear the loons calling there and the small island near the centre of the lake is called , you guessed it , Loon Island .
A short distance southwest of Ha Ha Lake is a smaller lake , Lockhart Lake , where there used to be a water - powered saw mill where the lake empties into Long Marsh .
There were also at least one of these mills in Waterside , one on a small brook draining into Long Marsh Creek , and another on Little Mill Brook that empties into the north side of Ha Ha Lake .
New Horton has produced many coastal and deep - sea captains .
According to markers in local cemeteries , one died at age twenty - eight , ironically by a fall from his horse , while another lived to be nearly a hundred and three .
WASHINGTON — Just days after President Obama signed the new health care law , insurance companies are already arguing that , at least for now , they do not have to provide one of the benefits that the president calls a centerpiece of the law : coverage for certain children with pre-existing conditions .
Mr. Obama , speaking at a health care rally in northern Virginia on March 19 , said , “ Starting this year , insurance companies will be banned forever from denying coverage to children with pre-existing conditions . ”
The authors of the law say they meant to ban all forms of discrimination against children with pre-existing conditions like asthma , diabetes , birth defects , orthopedic problems , leukemia , cystic fibrosis and sickle cell disease .
The goal , they say , was to provide those youngsters with access to insurance and to a full range of benefits once they are in a health plan .
To insurance companies , the language of the law is not so clear .
Insurers agree that if they provide insurance for a child , they must cover pre-existing conditions .
But , they say , the law does not require them to write insurance for the child and it does not guarantee the “ availability of coverage ” for all until 2014 .
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg ' hacked into emails of rivals and journalists '
Allegations : Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg has been accused of hacking into the email accounts of rivals and journalists .
The CEO of the world 's most successful social networking website was accused of at least two breaches of privacy in a series of articles run by BusinessInsider.com .
As part of a two - year investigation detailing the founding of Facebook , the magazine uncovered what it claimed was evidence of the hackings in 2004 .
In the first instance , it said that , when Zuckerberg discovered that Harvard 's student newspaper The Crimson was planning on running an article on him in 2004 , he used reporters '
Facebook logins to hack into their accounts .
In the second instance , the magazine claimed Zuckerberg hacked into the accounts of rivals at Harvard who accused him of stealing their idea for a social network .
He then allegedly tried to sabotage the rival network they had set up .
Business Insider claimed that Zuckerberg learned The Crimson was planning to write an article on him when he was called in for an interview in 2004 .
The newspaper was investigating allegations by other Harvard students that Zuckerberg had stolen their social networking idea - allegations that are now well - documented and became the subject of a $ 65 million legal suit .
In 2004 , however , Facebook - which now boasts over 400 million users around the world and is an incorporated company worth millions - was still just a network confined to Harvard students known as The Facebook.com .
At the time , Zuckerberg was involved in a now well - publicised dispute with three other Harvard students who had originally asked him to help them create an online social network .
Business Insider chronicles the dispute in detail as part of its main article on the founding of Facebook .
The other Harvard students - Cameron Winklevoss , Tyler Winklevoss , and Divya Narendra - had accused Zuckerberg of intentionallly misleading them about his willingness to help them build their website , HarvardConnection.com .
They had approached the student newspaper , the Crimson , about their accusations .
On hearing their claims , Crimson reporters then spoke to Zuckerberg about the allegations , Business Insider said .
Zuckerberg was apparently able to convince the newspaper that he network he was building differed substantially to HarvardConnection.com , which he viewed primarily as a dating website .
The newspaper pulled the story .
Claims : Harvard University , where the student newspaper was planning on running an article on Zuckerberg
However after further claims emerged , Zuckerberg apparently became anxious that the paper would run a story on him after all .
Business Insider claimed he then told a friend how he had hacked into the accounts of Crimson staff .
He allegedly told the friend that he used The Facebook.com to search for members who said they were Crimson staff .
Then , he allegedly examined a report of failed logins to see if any of the Crimson members had ever entered an incorrect password into The Facebook.com .
In the instances where they had , Business Insider claimed that Zuckerberg said he tried using those incorrect passwords to access the Crimson members '
Harvard email accounts .
In two instances , the magazine claimed , he succeeded - and was able to read emails between Crimson staff discussing the possibility of writing an article on the accusations surrounding him .
' In other words , ' Business Insider claimed , ' Mark appears to have used private login data from The Facebook to hack into the separate email accounts of some The Facebook users ' .
It would not be the only time that Zuckerberg breached privacy , Business Insider claimed .
In a separate article in the series , the magazine alleged that Zuckerberg had also hacked into his rivals at HarvardConnection.com - which , by May of 2004 , had been renamed ' ConnectU ' .
Although Facebook was already wildly popular by the summer of 2004 - reaching a million users by the fall - Zuckerberg , the magazine claimed , was still concerned about his competition .
Those concerns , it was alleged , led him to hack in to ConnectU 's site and make changes to multiple user profiles - including one of its founders and the fellow student accusing him of stealing the ideas for Facebook , Cameron Winklevoss .
Social networking :
The Facebook site is now used by more than 400 million people worldwide
Business Insider alleged that Zuckerberg created a fake account filled with fake information for Winklevoss .
It also alleged that he logged into the accounts of some ConnectU users and changed their privacy settings to invisible - apparently making it harder for people to find friends on the network .
Eventually , the magazine claimed , Zuckerberg deactivated at least 20 ConnectU accounts entirely .
Business Insider admitted it was not clear how Zuckerberg could have hacked into the ConnectU accounts .
When Facebook was approached about the allegations in the Business Insider articles , the company told Mail Online : ' We ’re not going to debate the disgruntled litigants and anonymous sources who seek to rewrite Facebook ’s early history or embarrass Mark Zuckerberg with dated allegations .
' The unquestioned fact is that since leaving Harvard for Silicon Valley nearly six years ago , Mark has led Facebook 's growth from a college website to a global service playing an important role in the lives of over 400 million people . '
However the magazine also claimed that a source close to the company said it was the fallout from instances such as these - as well as the expensive litigation with ConnectU - that has shaped Facebook 's current privacy policies .
Fears over privacy present one of Facebook 's biggest challenges , with the company coming under fire from users almost every time it makes a change to its privacy policies .
After its investigation , Business Insider concluded that Zuckerberg had led his ConnectU rivals on regarding his own intentions of building a social network .
But the magazine said that , in light of the fact that Zuckerberg appeared to consider the two networks as two separate things , and that he had never signed a contract with Connect U , the $ 65 million settlement eventually paid to ConnectU was over the top .
The alleged hackings detailed above , however , it claimed were far ' more troubling ' .
The claims will be read with interest by the millions of Facebook users concerned about their privacy - but the full fallout still remains to be seen .
Due to the COVID - 19 virus , we are limiting in office appointments during this time .
Brown Immigration Law is providing telephone and video chat consultations free of charge .
We are open and welcome the opportunity to continue to work with you by phone or video chat .
In office consultations can be scheduled by calling our office at ( 216 ) 861-4414 , although we continue to encourage clients to schedule phone or video calls .
A non-refundable fee of $ 100 will be due at the time of scheduling for any in - office appointment .
Thank you for choosing Brown Immigration Law , we look forward to speaking with you .
Conclusion to Lies The Government Told You
by Andrew P. Napolitano by Andrew P. Napolitano Recently by Andrew P. Napolitano : 4 Health Care Questions and Answers
Before you finish reading this book , return to those quotations at the beginning .
Did I prove my case ?
If you believe in God , you believe He is Truth .
But a Roman governor asks if anyone can know the truth , and a modern - day American vice president marvels at its debasement by the government .
And two philosophers claim we are ripe for being plucked into the baskets of the deceivers .
As I finish writing this book , the country is consumed with a great public debate over proposals for the federal government to take over and manage the delivery of health care to every person in America .
During that debate , Congressman Joe Wilson ( R- SC ) was disciplined by his colleagues in the House of Representatives because he called President Obama a liar during the President ’s address to a joint session of Congress .
The statement that the President made , which provoked the Congressman ’s ill - timed outburst , claimed that illegal aliens would not receive health care benefits under the President ’s government option proposal , which essentially establishes a Medicare - type program for everyone in America under the age of sixty - five .
When the Supreme Court last looked at government attempts to deny social benefits to certain groups , the Court held that the Constitution protects all " persons " ; persons are citizens as well as strangers , people born here and people who end up here , people here lawfully and people here unlawfully ; and in the area of social services , whatever benefits the government makes available to the general public cannot be kept away from a class of persons based on their immigration status or that of their parents .
Did the President know this when he stated the contrary to the Congress ?
Did he lie ?
And if he did lie , was n’t that lie in the tradition of his forebears ?
We know where his forebears ’ lies have brought us : war , fear , power , loss of innocent life , loss of liberty , and loss of property .
My friend Llewellyn Rockwell , an astute philosopher and commentator whose Web site , LewRockwell.com , is the best monitor of government excess in America today , is fond of reminding me that we are all susceptible to temptation ; we all have lusts within us that we must suppress .
And the most pernicious of those lusts is libido dominandi , the lust to dominate .
This lust is in the heart of all in government who lie , who break the laws they have sworn to uphold , and who violate the Constitution they are committed to preserve .
They lie to enhance and retain their power over us .
Justice Antonin Scalia has commented that courts should refrain from reading what members of the legislative branch have publicly stated about a law when the courts are endeavoring to interpret the meaning of that law .
It does n’t matter , he has argued many times , why they say they voted for any given law .
They only do so , he maintains , for one reason :
To get reelected — the Natural Law , the Constitution , the laws of the land be damned .
They want to dominate us .
I do n’t personally know this lust , but it must be overpowering .
My own lust is to challenge illicit authority , to break the chains of slavery with which the government has bound us , and to liberate all persons to fulfill their lives as they see fit , by pursuing happiness .
How can we do this ?
We will need a major political transformation in this country to rid ourselves of persons in government who kill , lie , cheat , and steal in our names .
We will need to recognize some painful truths .
First , we must acknowledge that through the actions of the government we have lost much of the freedom that we once all thought was guaranteed by the Constitution , our laws , and our values .
The lost freedoms have been cataloged in this book and need not be restated here .
In sum , they are the loss of the primacy of the individual ’s inalienable rights and the concept that government is limited in its powers .
We have lost the diffusion of power between the states and the federal government .
We have lost a federal government that stays within the confines of the Constitution .
Second , we must recognize that we do not have a two - party system in this country ; we have one party , the Big Government Party .
There is a Republican version that assaults our civil liberties and loves deficits and war , and a Democratic version that assaults our commercial liberties and loves wealth transfers and taxes .
Third , we must acknowledge that there is a fire in the bellies of millions of young people who reject both wretched visions of the Big Government Party .
These millions of young folks need either to form a Liberty Party or to build on the libertarian base in the Republican Party by banishing Big Government conservatives , neocons , and so - called social conservatives who want to use government to tell others how to live their lives back to the Democratic Party from whence they came .
Then we need a political fever that consumes the careers of all in government who voted for the Patriot Act , the illegal wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , the TARP and stimulus programs , the federal takeover of education , spying on Americans without warrants , and all other unconstitutional monstrosities that have tethered lovers of liberty to Washington , D.C .
We should abolish the federal income tax , prohibit eminent domain , impose term congressional limits , make Congress part - time , return the power to elect senators to State legislatures , abolish the Federal Reserve system , and prosecute for malfeasance any member of Congress who cannot articulate where the Constitution authorizes whatever he or she is voting for or who has voted for any law that he has or she has not certified under oath that he or she read and fully understands .
And we must reject the nice smiles and easy ways and seductive promises of anyone in government who lies to us .
The Big Government Party crowd is obviously not afraid of lying or being caught in a lie .
Its members do not fear their own lawlessness or our loss of freedom .
They only fear the loss of their own power .
So let ’s use that fear against them .
Jefferson understood and articulated this best when he wrote : " When the people fear the government , there is tyranny .
When the government fears the people , there is liberty . "
The Best of Andrew P. Napolitano
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM , India ( Reuters ) - Explosive material was found in a package on a passenger plane after it landed in southern India , but it was not attached to a detonator and could not have exploded , officials said on Sunday .
The package , which was the size of a cricket ball and wrapped in a local newspaper , was found in a bag inside the cargo hold of an aircraft after all 27 passengers had disembarked .
The plane , belonging to Indian carrier Kingfisher Airlines , was moved to an isolated area in Thiruvananthapuram airport in the state of Kerala , having flown in from the IT and services hub Bangalore .
“ It is a serious security lapse , ” said U.K. Bansal , the special secretary for internal security in the home ministry .
“ As far as we know , there was no detonator and there was no timing device , so the bomb could not have gone off by itself . ”
“ Nevertheless it ’s an explosive ... which is a very serious matter .
So we will have to look at the type of security precautions which are put in place at our airports , ” he added .
India remains jittery about the threat of militant attacks .
A blast in the western city of Pune killed 16 people last month , the first major militant strike since the 2008 Mumbai attacks .
The home ministry had recommended extra security measures for Indian airlines after intelligence on a threat from militants to hijack a plane in January ahead of the country ’s Republic Day .
Ajith Kumar , the police commissioner of Thiruvananthapuram , suggested the explosives might have been placed in the hold after the plane landed .
“ The police will investigate whether the explosive material was placed in the aircraft at Thiruvananthapuram airport , ” he said , adding police were questioning airport officials .
Nearly nine years ago , a Peruvian air force fighter guided by CIA employees in a spotter plane blew a civilian aircraft out of the sky over the Amazon , thinking it was shooting down drug smugglers .
But the plane was not carrying drug smugglers ; it was carrying American missionaries Jim and Veronica Bowers , their two children , and a civilian pilot .
Veronica Bowers and her infant daughter were killed .
The ensuing uproar led to the ending of the US - sponsored program of shooting down suspected drug smuggling planes and heated calls from Congress to get to the bottom of the affair .
That did n't happen .
Instead , the CIA stonewalled Congress , promising an internal investigation .
This week , that investigation finally concluded .
As ABC News reported , the investigation found that CIA operatives and Peruvian officials failed to follow their strict rules of engagement .
The pilots failed to identify the plane by its tail number and did not order the plane to land .
Tapes of the incident show the CIA spotters growing doubtful at the last moment that their target actually was a drug plane , but failing to act on their doubts in time to prevent the Peruvian fighter jet from firing on the plane .
On Wednesday , the CIA announced that its investigation had concluded that 16 CIA employees should be disciplined , including the CIA agent then in charge of counternarcotics .
But many of those employees no longer work for the CIA , and for some who still do , the discipline consists of nothing more than a letter of reprimand inserted in their personnel files .
That was too much for Rep. Pete Hoekstra ( R - MI ) , ranking minority member of the House Intelligence Committee .
The Bowers were his constituents , and from the beginning , Hoekstra had demanded answers about what happened over the Amazon that day and who was responsible .
" If there 's ever an example of justice delayed , justice denied , this is it , " Hoekstra told ABC .
" The [ intelligence ] community 's performance in terms of accountability has been unacceptable .
These were Americans that were killed with the help of their government , the community covered it up , they delayed investigating . "
While the Intelligence Committee held hearings on the incident , it did n't get very far .
The State Department reported in 2001 that the shoot - downs occurred only after " exhausting international procedures for interception . "
The Department of Justice declined to prosecute anyone in 2005 .
Veronica Bowers and daughter Charity , in their family 's houseboat on the Amazon ( photo by Joe Sherman , via flickr.com )
Then the CIA Office of the Inspector General delivered its report , " Procedures Used in Narcotics Airbridge Denial in Peru , 1995 - 2001 , " in 2008 , seven years after the fact .
That report found that at least 15 planes were shot down under the Narcotics Airbridge Denial Program beginning in 1995 and that in most of the downings , pilots fired on aircraft " without being properly identified , without being given the required warnings to land , and without being given time to respond to such warnings as were given to land . "
( Many of those planes crashed in the jungle and have never been reached , leaving open the question of whether they were carrying drugs . )
The report also said that the CIA withheld from the National Security Council , Congress , and the Justice Department the results of investigations that showed continuing and serious violations of procedures designed to prevent the shooting down of innocent aircraft .
When the Inspector General handed that report over to then CIA director Michael Hayden , he assembled an Agency Accountability Board , which insisted it found no evidence of a cover - up , that " reasonable suspicion " was established in every shoot - down except that of the Bowers ' plane , and that no CIA officer acted inappropriately .
Instead , 16 people were to be sanctioned for " shortcomings in reporting and supervision . "
Speaking to Michigan 's WOOD - TV Wednesday evening , Hoekstra was outraged .
" This is one where the bureaucracy protected itself .
Immediately after the shooting in 2001 , Congress was misled .
Some would say the CIA lied to us about exactly what happened , then dragged this out for years , " he said .
" They were brutally murdered , and the US government was complicit in making that happen , " Hoekstra continued .
" The CIA was reckless , they made serious mistakes that resulted in the deaths of two Americans .
This is also about accountability .
The CIA has some of the most tremendous powers , and we need to make sure that there is accountability , that CIA operates within the boundaries we set for it , and when they do n't , they are held accountable .
Tragically , as we close this chapter , I do n't think those things are going to happen . "
" They would n't testify when it happened , they stonewalled this from the get - go , when Hoekstra was demanding they testify , " said Sanho Tree , drug policy analyst for the Institute for Policy Studies and long - time student of US - Latin American relations .
" I recall Rep. Dan Burton ( R - IN ) demanding to know who was in charge .
Was it Southcom , was it CIA , was it the US Embassy ?
And all the witnesses just pointed fingers at each other .
It now seems that had more to do with embarrassment than protecting national security . "
When asked about what the whole affair said about CIA accountability , Tree just laughed .
Coincidentally , Hoesktra 's remarks came the same day US Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair told the House Intelligence Committee the government has the right to kill Americans abroad if they present a direct threat to US security .
" We take direct action against terrorists in the intelligence community , " Blair told lawmakers at the hearing .
" If that direct action -- we think that direct action will involve killing an American , we get specific permission to do that . "
Blair said he made the admission to reassure Americans .
" We 're not careless about endangering American lives as we try to carry out the policies to protect most of the country , " he said .
On Wednesday , the CIA claimed it was not careless in the killing of Veronica Bowers and her daughter , either .
In a statement issued Wednesday evening , the CIA said the program to shoot down suspected drug planes had ended in 2001 and was run by a foreign government .
" CIA personnel had no authority either to direct or prohibit actions by that government .
CIA officers did not shoot down any airplane .
In the case of the tragic downing of April 21st , 2001 , [ sic ] CIA personnel protested the identification of the missionary plane as a suspect drug trafficker , " the statement said .
( The incident actually occurred April 20 , 2001 . )
In fact , the shoot - down was the result of an ongoing operation in which the CIA and the Peruvian government worked as partners to blow suspected drug planes out of the sky .
Video and audiotapes of the incident show the CIA employees deciding not to check the plane 's tail numbers for risk it might flee , and those tapes show that the CIA employees did not express doubts about the identity of the craft until moments before it was shot down .
" This was a tragic episode that the Agency has dealt with in a professional and thorough manner , " continued the statement .
" Unfortunately , some have been willing to twist facts to imply otherwise .
In so doing , they do a tremendous disservice to CIA officers , serving and retired , who have risked their lives for America 's national security . "
" One of the problems here is that these intelligence services are given a sort of thankless task of operating on the margins of our assumptions about what a society should be about , " said Larry Birns , director of the Council on Hemispheric Affairs .
" This produces an environment where you get these scandalous things taking place and there is not an adequate corrective procedure , so there is no warning shot across the bow for CIA and other clandestine services .
They always seem to assume they can act outside the law because their mission is so important , and one administration after another is willing to look the other way . "
" This is all being done in the name of these countries doing domestic law enforcement , " Tree noted .
" Since we were not at war , what kind of law enforcement allows the policeman to be judge , jury , and executioner ?
This was n't law enforcement -- this was extrajudicial killing . "
" I do n't know why we 're surprised about this , " said Birns .
" It 's almost built into the dynamics of the situation .
If the government wants them to engage in irregular warfare and take risks with the rules of the game and they know that in the past they have usually been exonerated , of course they are going to bend the rules .
It is disenchanting when you reflect on how many incidents there have been where the CIA has compromised itself , " said Birns .
" We can be outraged that the values we insist on domestically go un-honored in our international behavior , but we should n't be surprised because we have put such great value on achieving those policy goals . "
Among the old - timers casting for stripers along the Arthur Kill between Staten Island and New Jersey talk tends to return to a few well - thumbed topics .
The most intriguing of these is the tale of the silver ingot that once snagged in the eel trident of the old Indian fisherman named Blood .
From there , conversation invariably turns to the Lost Guggenheim Treasure .
On the still , moonlit night of September 26 , 1903 , a tug urged the barge Harold out of what ’s today the South Street Seaport and south past the Statue of Liberty .
The Harold ’s load that night was nearly 7,700 silver - and - lead bars .
They were destined for the glowing Asarco smelters of Perth Amboy , New Jersey .
The silver , and the smelters , belonged to the Guggenheim family , which had made its fortune in mining and smelting .
The cargo never arrived , at least in one batch .
Somewhere in the Arthur Kill tidal strait the Harold tipped , sending most of the silver bars to the bottom .
The barge ’s deckhands — “ dumbest skunks I ever had to do with , ” the salvage company ’s owner later told the New York Times — did n’t notice until docking at dawn .
A secret salvage effort recovered about 85 percent of the bars , but that still left up to 1,400 “ pigs ” unfound .
Today they could be worth $ 20 million .
One morning last fall , Ken Hayes set out to find himself some sunken treasure — that is , if no one got to Hayes , or to the treasure , first .
Hayes is president and founder of Aqua Survey , a Flemington , N.J. , company that usually grabs sediment from the bottom of waterways for clients like the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers .
In recent years Aqua Survey also has gained a reputation for looking for less mundane things someone has lost underwater : Spanish doubloons off Key West .
Fighter planes in the Bermuda Triangle .
UFOs off Catalina Island .
The Guggenheim silver is Hayes ’ personal obsession , however — which explains why Hayes was a little antsy to get started .
It was eight o’clock in the morning at a boat launch at Sewaren on the Jersey side , less than two miles from the former Asarco smelters , and his three boats were stuck in traffic on Interstate 278 .
A documentary film crew burned the time taking B - roll of Hayes walking toward the water , looking pensive .
Finally the three boats arrived .
The flotilla motored out toward Story ’s Flats , a promising shallows where the channel bends like a quotation mark .
It was a fine day to be on the water , even the Arthur Kill , which possesses a certain rusting Ozymandian grandeur :
On the Jersey shore a beached ferry lay on its side , its bones bleaching in the October sun .
Beside it the piers of the Hess tank farm were cushioned with a Detroit of used tires .
A stained smokestack manufactured bright white clouds and sent them off over Fresh Kills Landfill .
As the boats positioned over their first target , Hayes , a jocular 57 year - old whose white beard , glasses and pebbled Clarkses give him the appearance of a college engineering professor , tried to temper expectations , including his own .
Like any self - respecting treasure hunter Hayes had his own treasure map — created by sweeping the area with a souped - up metal detector whose software has been trained to ignore iron — but there was no guarantee that the map ’s 255 dots were , well , treasure .
“ It could be aluminum cans , it could be specialty alloy rims from cars — you name it .
Look , for years fishermen did n’t bring litter bags , ” said Hayes , who with his employees has been surveying and investigating targets since 2006 , spending several weeks annually on the quest .
A man motored up in a boat as white as a new tennis shoe .
“ Is it silver or gold you ’re looking for ? ” he called out .
“ I ’ll take either , ” Hayes answered .
The man said he was a retired marine patrolman from the 1980s , and he and Hayes swapped rumors .
Before he left the retiree said , “ You know , you better be careful , you might bring up Jimmy Hoffa . ”
Once the boat was anchored in place , Hayes took what looked like an electrified pole - vault pole and began to prod through a window - sized hole in the deck .
With this detector he prodded down through the water , down through a century ’s worth of tidal muck and dioxins that the crew had nicknamed “ black mayonnaise . ”
Meanwhile , inside the wheelhouse Mark Padover watched a laptop screen for a spike in the readings .
This prodding continued for a long time .
An observer noted that hunting for sunken treasure is not as swashbuckling in real life as when Johnny Depp does it at the Cineplex .
Hayes handed off the pole to a crewmate and sat down on the deck .
The black - mayo - prodding went on .
“ Contact ! ”
“ When you hit it , it jumps ! ” Padover called out from in front of the computer screen .
“ Well , I guess we get Pete ’s tool out and try to bring it up , ” Hayes says .
To haul 75 - pound bars out from under 96 years ' worth of muck , machinist Pete Davis had designed an 11 - foot harpoon with a nasty - looking screw at one end and a big drill at the other .
( Davis ’ harpoon two years earlier , powered by a .38 Special , had proven dramatic if ineffectual . )
“ So if we latch onto a 900 - pound piece of metal , how do we detach from it ? ” someone asked .
A discussion involving hacksaws ensued .
“ Let ’s fish , ” Hayes said , seeming a little anxious for results .
Drilling commenced .
The harpoon was winched up , but with no silver bar attached .
Hayes groaned and lay back on the deck and pulled his ball cap over his eyes .
Everyone broke for lunch .
Now another boat appeared .
The crew recognized it .
“ When we were out in August they came out and circled our boat for hours .
They said they were looking for the silver , too , and they asked us if we wanted to collaborate , ” Hayes said .
The boat now circled again , as if stalking , then anchored a few hundred yards away and would remain there all day , doing nothing .
Occasionally the documentary film crew would film a man on the boat , and the man on the boat would film the film crew filming him .
After lunch , somebody said , “ Hey !
There ’s someone on the shore . ”
And there was — on the Staten Island side , dressed in black and armed with binoculars .
( An informant ?
A security guard ? )
But when everybody looked his way , the man in black ducked behind some bushes .
The promise of $ 20 million tends to foster this kind of vaguely menacing behavior .
When Hayes first started looking for the silver , he said he got several phone calls from parties who felt he was horning in on a locals ’ opportunity , and the calls urged him to abandon his hunt .
Once while he was diving in Bonaire , off the South American coast , his cell phone rang .
“ Maybe you ’ve seen ‘ The Sopranos , ’ ” the caller said .
“ No , ” Hayes replied , “ but I do like ‘ Curb Your Enthusiasm . ’ ”
The day lengthened .
The probing continued in new spots , without success .
“ Well , we know where it ’s not , ” he said .
“ Ten square feet at a time , we ’ll know where it ’s not . ”
The sun slumped low toward the old Asarco smelters .
It was time to give up for today .
But Hayes and company were hardly relinquishing the quest .
Over the winter they developed a sampling device that can plunge deep in the mayonnaise to collect a small flake of metal from suspected silver bars , “ much the same way a surgeon would biopsy a tumor , ” Hayes said .
Come spring , they ’ll be out on the Arthur Kill , poking and prodding at targets again .
If the tests say there ’s silver down there , you can bet they ’ll be back soon , ready to haul it up .
Investors want oil giants to answer questions on their involvement in the environmentally damaging extraction of oil from tar sands
Shareholders at BP and Shell will get the chance to vote at upcoming AGMs on whether to force oil giants to come clean on their Canadian tar sands involvement .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
Institutional investors including The Co-operative Asset Management and Rathbone Greenbank have co-signed a ' special resolution , ' which would force the two companies to fully disclose and justify their involvement in Canadian tar sands .
The oil sands in Canada are the largest reserve of petroleum in the world outside of Saudi Arabia with an estimated 1.7 to 2.5 trillion barrels of oil trapped in a mixture of sand , water and clay .
However , the energy needed to extract and process the oil results in greenhouse gas emissions per barrel three times those of conventional oil .
The spread of the tar sands exploration and production is also destroying forests and impacting on local wildlife and communities .
Shell has invested almost one - third of its resources in extracting oil from tar sands and produces 155,000 barrels a day .
Article continues : http://www.theecologist.org/News/news_round_up/422839/bp_and_shell_face_new_shareholder_revolt_over_tar_sands.html
Get ready , because this one may get big : 44 % of all iPad applications being tested on the actual device are games .
Hey Nintendo , Sony , and Microsoft , the iPhone / iPod titan is getting its tentacles all over the living room .
Advertisement
The iPhone / iPod monster has positioned itself as the preferred mobile gaming platform for developers and is quickly becoming one of the largest game platforms in the planet , with 75 million iPhone OS devices sold in just 2.5 years .
The current king of all game platforms sold 125 million units of the much cheaper Nintendo DS in five years and two months .
Advertisement
Now Apple is moving the action into the living room .
Would gaming be one of main purposes of the iPad ?
Would the iPad become the next casual home gaming juggernaut , like the Wii ?
The market will tell in time , but apparently developers think that the possibility is there .
Their reasoning seems solid : The iPhone / iPod demonstrated that you do n't need buttons and a d-pad to offer a good gaming experience to most people ( not only hardcore gamers ) .
It 's the same road first taken by the Nintendo DS and then the Wii .
Both have a big amount of incredibly successful games that do n't use buttons at all and require little involvement and time .
In fact , it seems like consumers — not hardcore gamers — favor that kind of interaction , along with games that can be easily shared and enjoyed by a few people at the same time .
The iPad Sharing Factor
Like the iPhone / iPod Touch , the iPad is a continuation of this road .
Unlike its handheld brothers , however , the bigger screen of the iPad is good to share the game experience with other people .
I can easily picture two or three people sitting together on a sofa , playing with one iPad , passing it around in turns .
I can also imagine multiple iPads in the same household , and people playing networked games in separate screens .
Or people around a table , playing a board game touching the iPad and using their iPhones .
Except this board game would have spectacular graphics and be fully animated .
And perhaps have remote players connected too .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Given the general direction of the market and the possibilities of the platform , it 's not surprising that game developers are pushing so hard for the iPad .
It 's yet to be seen if the Apple device would be a success or not , but having such a developer support is going to play a big role .
The fact is that developers are betting that it will be a success in the gaming department .
44 % is a huge figure , especially considering that the next category — entertainment — only grabs 14 % .
And especially considering that this is a completely unknown device .
They do n't have too much to lose , since the games can target both the iPad and the iPhone / iPod Touch .
I do n't know about you , but I can't wait for a fully - networked Tron light cycle game for the iPad , with each device being a bike cockpit .
[ Business Week ]
WASHINGTON , D.C. -- Perceptions of U.S. leadership worldwide improved significantly from 2008 to 2009 .
The U.S. - Global Leadership Project , a partnership between the Meridian International Center and Gallup , finds that a median of 51 % of the world approves of the job performance of the current leadership of the U.S. , up from a median of 34 % in 2008 .
Gallup has asked residents worldwide to rate the leadership of the U.S. since 2005 , which enables a comparison of how perceptions of U.S. leadership have changed from the Bush administration to the Obama administration .
The global median approval of U.S. leadership remained relatively steady from 2005 to 2008 .
In 2009 , a bare median majority approves of the job performance of U.S. leadership ( 51 % ) -- a first since Gallup began asking the question worldwide in 2005 .
Significant improvements in sentiment toward U.S. leadership are evident in all four major global regions , with the largest year - over - year increase in approval measured in Europe .
Median approval of U.S. leadership increased by 28 percentage points between 2008 and 2009 in this region .
A median of 47 % approves and a median of 20 % disapproves -- the first time disapproval has dropped below 50 % in Europe since Gallup first asked the question .
Historically , approval of U.S. leadership has been highest in Africa .
However , there is great variability in the region on this issue with approval highest in sub-Saharan Africa and tending to be lower in North African countries .
This trend continues in 2009 , with a median approval of 83 % , which is well above the median approval in other regions .
Approval of U.S. leadership ranges from ratings that are higher than 90 % in Ivory Coast ( 94 % ) , Kenya ( 93 % ) , and Uganda ( 91 % ) to lows of 38 % in Morocco and 37 % in Egypt and Tunisia .
A regional median of 53 % in the Americas approves of the job performance of U.S. leadership and a median of 18 % disapproves .
Approval of U.S. leadership varies from a low of 40 % in Bolivia and 42 % in Argentina , Ecuador , and Nicaragua to a high of 68 % in El Salvador .
Perceptions of U.S. leadership are more divided in Asia than in any other region .
In 2009 , a median of more than one - third ( 38 % ) say they approve , while 29 % disapproved .
Pakistanis express the lowest approval of U.S. leadership , at 9 % , followed by 14 % approval in Iraq , 15 % in Syria , and 17 % in Vietnam .
Approval was highest in Singapore ( 68 % ) , Japan ( 66 % ) , Cambodia ( 64 % ) , Turkmenistan ( 61 % ) , and Israel ( 61 % ) .
Among the Group of Twenty ( G - 20 ) members , approval of U.S. leadership changed significantly in 16 of 17 countries where Gallup collected data before and after the Obama administration took office early last year .
In 15 of these countries , approval ratings increased substantially , with increases of 39 points or more in Canada , France , and the United Kingdom .
Although sentiment improved significantly in Turkey and Saudi Arabia from 2008 to 2009 , majorities in these two countries still disapprove of the job performance of U.S. leadership .
Perceptions of U.S. leadership vary widely within the G - 20 member countries .
For instance , one in five Russians approve , compared with 87 % of South Africans .
To see all countries worldwide for which 2009 U.S. approval data are available , see the updated map and table on the World Citizens ' Views on U.S. Leadership , Pre- and Post - Obama page .
Read the complete findings from the U.S. - Global Leadership Project .
For complete data sets or custom research from the more than 150 countries Gallup continually surveys , please contact worldpollpartners@gallup.com or call 202.715.3030 .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone and face - to - face interviews with approximately 1,000 adults , aged 15 and older , conducted in 121 countries throughout 2005 - 2006 , 95 countries throughout 2007 , 113 countries throughout 2008 , and 102 countries throughout 2009 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error ranged from a low of ±2.2 percentage points in Russia to a high of ±5.8 percentage points in Ghana in 2005 - 2006 ; a low of ±3.0 percentage points in Belarus , Japan , and Malaysia to a high of ±5.4 percentage points in Ghana in 2007 ; a low of ±2.5 percentage points in Russia to a high of ±5.8 percentage points in Zambia in 2008 ; a low of ±2.8 percentage points in Russia to a high of ±5.7 percentage points in Slovenia in 2009 .
The margin of error reflects the influence of data weighting .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
Many people applying for US immigration visas or green cards shy away from using an attorney .
Not everyone who arrives in the US is wealthy , and attorneys can be expensive .
Some individuals applying for a green card or immigration status try to act as their own attorneys .
Although this is possible , it can be complex .
Immigration lawyers fulfill a number of functions :
1 ) They help you decide on the best course of action , based on your specific circumstances , so that you enjoy the highest chance of approval .
2 ) They help you understand the latest US immigration policies and laws and how these laws affect you and your application .
They also help you complete forms and documentation fully and correctly so that you do not face additional delays .
3 ) They negotiate with the US Department of Homeland Security , US Consulates , the US Department of Labor ( DOL ) , Citizenship and Immigration Services ( CIS ) , and the US Department of State ( DOS ) , as needed .
If you wish to act as your own immigration attorney , you may need to do all these things and more in order to be successful .
However , before you decide to be your own attorney , you should understand that there are circumstances in which you should not act as your own immigration attorney .
If you have a special case , you should seek the help of a qualified attorney .
For example , if your case is complex or if you have resided in the US without legal immigration status and are now applying for legal immigration status , your case is more complex and may require a good attorney .
As well , if you have been denied a visa or a green card , you will likely need a US immigration attorney to help you .
If you cannot afford a US immigration attorney , some churches , immigration centers , multicultural groups , schools , employers , and communication organizations may help you by providing you with free or low - cost legal help .
If you do decide to represent yourself as your own immigration attorney , be advised that some situations will be easier for you than others .
For example , green card renewal or green card replacement is simple processes in most cases and you can act as your own attorney in these cases .
Similarly , if you simply need to fill out form n400 , form i90 , or another immigration form , you can generally act as your own immigration attorney , provided you understand the requirements well .
Once you decide to become your own immigration attorney , you will need to research carefully .
Whether you are applying for a visa or a green card replacement , read all you can about the requirements and the forms you will need to fill out .
There are many books that can teach you how to do this at your local library .
The Internet is also filled with good advice and samples of successfully filled - out forms .
When acting as your own immigration attorney , it is important to stay organized .
Keep copies of all forms you submit as well as details about what you have submitted and when .
Keep track of your application process and check the status of your application .
If you have a question at any point , seek the help of an immigration expert rather than guessing .
Even a small error on an immigration form could foil your chances for a visa or a green card .
Pink Floyd's
The Dark Side of the Moon turns 37 Wednesday after another year kicking ass on every concept album that came before or after it .
The English quartet 's sixth studio effort is a seamless masterpiece that cannot be readily sliced and diced into iTunes singles for sale , as the band argues during its ongoing dispute with its record label , EMI .
Confidently hop - scotching across the themes of life , death , violence and mental illness – and foregrounding groundbreaking musical experiments in sampling , tape loops and synthesizers – Dark Side of the Moon has continually astounded brains and eardrums since its arrival .
While the other epic sonic explorations listed below have challenged the status of Pink Floyd 's 1973 record , Dark Side remains Earth 's reigning concept album .
Disagree ?
Scan the releases below and let us know your favorites in the comments section .
Frank Zappa : Freak Out ! — — — — — ——
–
Sgt . Pepper 's may have popularized the concept album , but this experimental sonic mash from Frank Zappa and the Mothers of Invention is arguably rock 's first concept album .
Freak Out ! skewered pop culture with sharp humor and flawless precision , although it was neither a critical nor commercial success after its 1966 release .
But from influencing Sgt. Pepper 's production to paving the way for rock 's ambitious avant - garde leanings in the decades to come , Freak Out ! has rightly taken its place as one of the finest concept albums ever made .
Later Zappa concept albums like Joe 's Garage and Thing Fish simply cannot compare , as great as they are .
I suppose there truly is nothing like the first time .
Pink Floyd : Wish You Were Here , Animals , The Wall — — — — — — — — — — — — — ———-
Pink Floyd not only made the most memorable concept album in history , it made several of them , including these three standouts .
Wish You Were
Here extended the band 's philosophical meditations on Syd Barrett 's mental illness and the machinery of capitalism , especially in the music industry , but the scathing criticism of politics , media and conformity found on Animals remains Pink Floyd 's most underrated classic .
The Wall 's subsequent interrogation of stardom , solitude and fascism crossed over huge on the charts and even in theaters , in the form of Alan Parker 's 1982 musical movie .
But by the time the band 's original lineup got to its last concept album , The Final Cut – which is more or less Roger Waters ' first solo effort – it had run out of steam .
The Beatles : Sgt Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band — — — — — — — — — — — —— ———-
Greatest pop band ever ?
No question .
But the Fab Four never really hopped onto the concept - album bandwagon , although it 's arguable that they popularized it with this loose collection of unforgettable tunes from their fictitious alter ego , the Lonely Hearts Club Band .
There 's no reason to run down the list of accolades bestowed upon Sgt.
Pepper 's here , as you should have them memorized if you care anything about music history .
But from its orchestral experimentation and drug references to its unimpeachable songcraft , Sgt. Pepper 's may be a concept - album lightweight , but it 's a heavy legend .
The Moody Blues : Days of Future Passed — — — — — — — — — —
——
–
Do n't hate on the hippies :
It 's an unsustainable position .
Why ?
Because The Moody Blues ' second album brilliantly married pop and classical music in a way that has yet to be equaled .
And given the accelerating adoption of orchestration in rock and pop after Days of Future Passed 's release in 1967 , a mind - blowing year for music , that 's saying something .
Longevity is often the greatest revenge .
The Moody Blues ' first album imbued its invented symphony with earnest poetry charting the phases of life , from birth to death , in poignant fashion .
It also spawned more than a few classic singles like " Tuesday Afternoon " and " Nights in White Satin , " as well as brilliant deep cuts like " Dawn Is a Feeling , " which is just begging for a trip - hop remix .
The Moody Blues might not have survived the age of irony , but we sure could use the band 's optimistic spirit in a depersonalized 21st century .
The Who : The Who Sell Out , Tommy , Quadrophenia — — — — — — — — — — — — ———-
If this immortal quartet could have survived the death of its unhinged drummer Keith Moon , there 's a slim chance it could have overtaken Pink Floyd as Earth 's greatest concept - album factory .
But it would have needed help :
The Who Sell Out was a mostly uneven affair about , well , selling out .
Like The Wall , the unclassifiable Tommy explored the netherworlds of sainthood and sin , personal and sociopolitical identity , and also spawned a deeply bizarro film – this one from mad genius Ken Russell .
( As a kid , I once caught both films in a double feature , and needed psychological treatment afterward . )
The mod-heavy Quadrophenia was a less accessible rocker about scenes , gangs and youth , although it delivered some of the most beautiful songs ever , like " The Real Me " and " Love Reign O'er Me , " in full volume .
If you want to be a stickler about it , you could throw in the unbeatable Who 's Next , which started out as Pete Townsend 's inscrutable rock opera Lifehouse , before he finally threw in the towel .
But even then , you 'd have a hard time catching up with Floyd .
And there 's no shame in second place .
The Kinks : Pick an Album , Any Album — — — — — — —
— —
——
–
To be fair , not all of The Kinks ' releases are concept albums proper .
But enough of them are that it would take up too much space to headline them here .
A perennial favorite is the stunning Village Green Preservation Society , which laments the loss of English tradition .
High irony , considering the band started writing it after being banned from America , which hurt the group 's ability to fully capitalize upon the British invasion .
But there are other standouts as well , including Lola Versus Powerman and the Moneygoround , Part One , a decadent brain - fry that housed the group 's biggest ' 70s single , " Lola . "
And then there 's Muswell Hillbillies , Soap Opera and ... well , you get the point .
Although the band has forever labored in the shadow of The Beatles , The Who , The Rolling Stones , Pink Floyd and other English immortals , a cursory listen to most any of its concept albums will make a cogent argument for its inclusion in rock royalty .
Speaking of royalty ...
David Bowie : The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders From Mars — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
–
Although Bowie was already a star when this stone - cold classic arrived , he went positively supernova shortly after its release .
Following his world - beating 1969 single " Space Oddity " and underrated but amazing albums like The Man Who Sold the World and Hunky Dory , Bowie 's metamorphosis from reliable talent to undisputed superstar was firmly cemented by the seminal Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust , his fifth album overall , and not just because of tunes like " Moonage Daydream , " " Suffragette City " and the inestimable title track .
Bowie came to embody the alien at the heart of the concept album , in concert and in his fans ' wild imaginations , immediately propelling him into hedonistic legend .
The dystopian album about extraterrestrials , terrestrial doom , sex , drugs and worse came to strange life in concert , where Bowie adopted all theatrical manner of costume and affect to carve out a name for himself as one of pop 's most compelling characters .
While almost all of Bowie 's chugging concept rock from the ' 70s found in subsequent recordings like Aladdin Sane and Diamond Dogs is mandatory listening for any music nut , Ziggy Stardust remains the crowning achievement from that comparatively short period of his chameleon career .
Husker Du : Zen Arcade — — — — — ——
Years after the concept album craze faded , this alternative rock power trio crafted a double album of disillusion , alienation and raw power .
Almost all of Husker Du's catalog is equal parts frenetic energy , lyrical catharsis and musical abandon , but Zen Arcade , as its title implies , managed to chart a measured third way that encompassed folk , pop , psychedelia , jazz and more without sacrificing anything in the way of substance .
Its reputation has only grown since its 1984 release on punk icon SST , and for good reason :
It helped sequence the genes of the alternative rock movement , and helped sustain its relevance and brilliance until Nirvana came along and skewed everything straight .
As clean as Zen Arcade was in its moving parts , it was much more gritty than anything that arose after alt - rock 's crossover into the mainstream .
They do n't make them like they used to .
De La Soul : 3 Feet High and Rising , De La Soul Is Dead — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
The inclusion of De La Soul 's first two releases might feel like heresy to the Yes and Queenryche fans out there , but just remind yourselves that this is far from a definitive list .
As a musical release , 3 Feet and Rising helped carry hip - hop 's Golden Age after touching down in 1989 .
Its Lewis Carroll - like delivery of dense diction was simply groundbreaking , given rap 's infatuation at the time with call - and - response simplicity and overt boasting .
Instead , De La Soul painted complicated but beautiful pictures of hip - hop 's hopeful future , concretized around the debut 's chief concept of the Daisy Age , an easy nod to hippie optimism .
Songs like " Magic Number , " " Ghetto Thang " and " Buddy " were variously hilarious , hard - hitting and horny , and were held together by experimental strands of intricate sampling .
Which is where things got tricky .
As a music industry release , 3 Feet High 's innovations in sampling helped lead us directly to our current age of rampant copyfight , in which the industry as we knew it gasps its dying breath .
De La Soul did n't see the zeitgeist it helped shape coming , but it easily recognized that optimism had little place in hip - hop 's crossover future and promptly killed itself off in the 1991 follow - up De La Soul Is Dead , its best effort ever .
Anchored by riotous skits and punctuated with tough criticisms of hip - hop couched in head - tripping bounce , De La Soul Is Dead documented the death of the band and of the genre 's innocence .
It remains one of the greatest hip - hop albums of all time , while its authors continue to create brilliant work in the shadow of shiny lessers like Kayne West .
Nine Inch Nails : The Downward Spiral , Year Zero — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——
–
The golden age of hip - hop coincided with the golden age of alt - rock as well , which is when Trent Reznor and his unholy marriage of industrial dance and punk first detonated with 1989's Pretty Hate Machine .
But Reznor entered the stardom stratosphere with his less danceable but still doom - oriented concept album The Downward Spiral .
It was a lucrative crossover that won nearly unanimous critical acclaim , which feels weird given its dark desperation .
But disaffection was killing then , and tracks like " Closer , " which chronicled a day in the life of a suicidal despondent , sealed the deal .
Even if the creator was richer than he had ever been in his life .
Reznor thankfully transposed that personal drama to the world at large for his 2007 concept album Year Zero , which centered on the more topical themes of escalating global militarism and social and spiritual decline .
It was unapologetic in its political criticism , and expansive in its technological innovation , especially when it came to the internet .
Reznor conceived of Year Zero as one part of a greater sci- fi project that involved alternative - reality games , television shows , protest art and more , including a possible film .
Since its release , Reznor has become an independent mogul with more savvy than the entire mainstream music industry combined .
What a concept .
Blowback : What 's Your Favorite Concept Album of All Time ? — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
That 's Wired.com 's take .
What 's yours ?
Tee off on our picks or share your favorite concept albums in the comments section below .
See Also :
Fosamax Scare : Those With Osteopenia Gauge Risk
Some doctors say drug companies are " medicalizing old age " with bone - loss drugs .
March 10 , 2010  --
Twice doctors have prescribed medications for Jeanette McLearen with great certainty , only to second - guess the outcomes .
After taking hormone replacement for 15 years , the Warren , Mich. , retiree was diagnosed with breast cancer .
And now , after seven years of taking the controversial drug Fosamax , she is terrified of bone fractures .
Just this week ABC's Dr. Richard Besser reported that Fosamax , one of a class of bisphosphonates used to treat osteoporosis that is supposed to make bones stronger , may actually weaken them after long - term use .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration announced today that it will look into whether or not a link exists between the use of certain osteoporosis drugs and a particular type of leg fracture after ABC News reports investigated the possible connection .
In numerous cases of women who had taken the drug for long periods of time , their femur bones had just snapped while doing little more than taking a walk .
" We are seeing people just walking , walking down the steps , patients who are doing low - energy exercise , " said Dr. Kenneth Egol , professor of orthopedic surgery at NYU Langone Medical Center .
" Very unusual , the femur is one of the strongest bones in the body . "
Now , at 66 , McLearen said her doctor wants her to have further injections for bone loss , but she cancelled her first appointment this week .
" I am scared and I am confused , " she said .
" I do n't know what I think .
I do n't know what to do . "
McLearen , like millions of post - menopausal women , was treated with bisphosphonates for osteopenia , a term used to describe bone mineral density that is lower than normal , but not yet osteoporotic .
The controversy is reminiscent of the medical world 's turn - about on use of hormone replacement therapy in 2002 .
Thought to reduce women 's risk of heart disease , combined estrogen and progestin actually increased risks for both that and for breast cancer .
" This is two things for me now , hormone treatment and now this , " McLearen said .
" They put me on Fosamax thinking it was one thing , and years go by , and they find out it 's wrong . "
Like osteoporosis , osteopenia occurs more frequently in post - menopausal women as a result of the loss of estrogen .
It may affect more than 17 million American women , according to some studies .
Bisphosphonates like Fosamax -- which is also now sold as generic alendronate -- and its pharmaceutical cousins Actonel , Boniva and others , were developed in the mid-1990s to treat osteoporosis , but have been increasingly prescribed for osteopenia .
Doctors use a so - called T - score to determine the amount of bone loss that naturally occurs with aging .
A mineral bone density score of - 1.5 to - 2.5 is considered osteopenia .
Over - 2.5 is osteroporosis , according to the World Health Organization .
T - scores are measured by bone density machines , known as DXA or dual X - ray absorptiometry .
Though osteopenia is considered a precursor to osteoporosis , not every person diagnosed will go on to develop the disease .
This is not the first time that doctors have reported an opposite effect for Fosamax .
The drug , made by Merck & Co. , has already been linked to severe musculoskeletal pain , as well as to a serious bone - related jaw disease called osteonecrosis .
After taking Fosamax for eight years , Stephanie George said she was advised not to have dental surgery for an absess on her wisdom tooth until she had been off the drug for five years .
" They said there was a rare , but real chance that my bottom jaw would become infected and might have to be removed , " said George , a 67 - year - old retired college teacher from Frisco , Texas .
Drug Companies Push Bone - Loss Drugs
She said she was put on Fosamax at age 50 because her thyroid was not processing calcium properly .
" People like Sally Field are pushing Boniva , which is the same damn thing and people are listening and saying , ' Oh , I should really be on that , ' " George said .
" The ads say if you are small - boned or tall or white , you may get osteoporosis , but I am all three , " she said .
" People think that 's all there is and they do n't know the other side of the story .
They do n't know what the side effects are . "
Though the drug was linked to osteonecrosis in 2004 , Merck added no warning until 2005 .
" Most reported cases of osteonecrosis in bisphosphonate users have been in cancer patients treated with intravenous bisphosphonates , but cases have also been reported in patients taking oral bisphosphonates , including Fosamax , " says Merck on its Web site .
In 2008 , the Food and Drug Administration reached out to Merck about the reports of femur fractures .
After 16 months , Merck added those patients ' reports to the list of possible side effects reported by patients included in the drug 's package insert .
" Nothing is more important to Merck than the safety of its medicines , " said Merck in a prepared release .
" As part of our commitment , Merck closely monitors post - marketing data and reports that information to FDA and other regulatory agencies . "
" A causal association has not been established between long - term bishphosphonate use and low energy femoral shaft and subtrochanteric fractures , " it said .
" In clinical studies , Fosamax ( alendronate sodium ) has not been associated with increased fracture risk at any skeletal site . "
The company did say that these femoral fractures had been reported in non-bisphosphonate users and is doing further investigation .
They cite statistics from the U.S. Surgeon General that show osteoporosis is a national health threat for women over 50 and increases with age .
Doctors disagree on the use of bisphosphonates for those with osteopenia .
They say bisphosphonates have helped those with osteoporosis fight bone thinning , but put others with osteopenia at risk with a medication that may not necessarily help them .
McLearen , who now has full - blown osteoporosis , understands the paradox : " I know that they have to help some people , but with these drugs it 's money first and I do n't think they have researched it enough to give Fosamax it to all these people . "
Dr. Nortin Hadler , professor of medicine and microbiology at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , is opposed to the treatment of osteopenia , which he says is the " the natural course of aging . "
" We have a history of over treatment and over - medicalization of people in this country and we need a discussion that 's out loud and up front , " said Hadler , author of " Worried Sick " and " The Last Well Person . "
For those who are in their 50s and " otherwise healthy , " there is no reason to have a bone density test , he said .
A 50 - year - old woman with osteopenia has a much lower risk of fracture within a five - year period than an 80 - year - old with the same bone density .
In some cases , however , testing makes sense , especially for people prone to osteoporosis because they have taken steroids , have nutritional issues or have inflammatory bowel disease .
The data against testing is persuasive , according to Hadler .
" You have to treat a hundred for a year and maybe you spare one hip fracture , " he said .
" Most hip fractures are symptoms of frailty .
We need more focus on the frailty and the falling . "
" Our nation has been taught to fear the consequences of our thinning bones , " he said in a 2007 column for ABCNews.com .
But , he said the reason so many elderly die of hip fractures is because of their " decrepitude -- it 's a reflection of their ripe old age .
Their time is near . "
Dr. Ethel Siris , professor of clinical medicine at Columbia University 's College of Physicians and Surgeons and director of the Toni Stabile Osteoporosis Center , said she agrees that not all women with osteopenia should be on bisphosphonates , but the issue is a " complicated " one .
" When we get stuff like this on the news , we get millions of calls and people with bad osteoporosis on the drug and at risk for fractures throw away the drugs and are afraid , " she said .
" First of all , these are unusual fractures and hard to interpret and a fair number occur in people without bisphosphonates , " she said .
" This is a rare complication . "
Doctors still do n't understand why Fosamax might weaken bones in some women .
These atypical fractures tend to occur in women with " low turnover " -- the loss and replacement of bone material .
Bone Quality Declines With Age
Bone density tests fail to capture a poorly understood factor known as bone quality , which declines with age .
Women who have been on a combination of bisphosphonates with estrogen or with steroids like prednisone also seem to be more susceptible to femur fracture .
One theory for these unusual bone breaks is that small stress fractures occur and cannot heal .
" You see the doctor and he does n't see anything and you keep living with the pain , thinking it's a pulled muscle , " said Siris .
" You go out there and keep moving and it gets worse and worse .
But you probably need to go back for an X - ray or an MRI if you are really worried . "
The National Osteoporosis Foundation now recommends women be screened with FRAX , a new algorhythm that gives a 10 - year probability percentage for bone fracture .
It is a cost - effect way to evaluate additional risk factors :
Did the woman have any fractures after menopause ?
Does she smoke ?
Is she small and thin ?
Does she have a family history of osteoporosis ?
Is she taking drugs that suppress the immune system and can increase risk ?
" If you calculate the risk of fracture and it 's quite low and the major factors are quite low , we have a choice [ about treatment ] , " she said .
Five years past menopause " the worst bone loss is behind you , " according to Siris .
Women who are relatively young with no risk factors might just be advised to take more calcium and vitamin D and get more exercise to combat their risk for fractures .
" The message we are giving people with osteopenia is if you are worried about your risk factor , see a doctor , get FRAX and if the risk is low , do n't have treatment and get reevaluated , " Siris said .
She also recommends taking a " holiday " from bisphosphonates from time to time .
But she adds , " It 's very important not to scare the ones who need these drugs into stopping because they think they are going to get these rare complications . "
But for women like Janet Cornish , a retired psychiatric nurse from Maggie Valley , N.C. , who broke both her femurs without even falling , she is angry that she never questioned her doctor .
Cornish , 74 , said she had been on Fosamax for seven or eight years for osteoporosis .
Her first fracture happened in 2007 when she was bracing herself on a step and she heard her leg break .
The other leg broke in a motel room last Christmas , when she was just sitting down on a bed to take her socks off .
" Now that I know Fosamax might have been part of it , I am quite angry because I am getting thousands of dollars in medical bills coming in right now , " she said .
" I would even consider a class action lawsuit . "
Cornish 's case points to the need for doctors and their patients to discuss risk versus benefit when it comes to taking bisphosphonates .
" Can the patient afford it , will they take it , are there interactions with other meds ? " asked Ivy Alexander , director of the nurse practioner program at Yale University and a medical advisor to HealthyWomen.org .
" What is the total risk for fracture and is it worth it to pay for these drugs and have some side effects even if they are rare ?
It 's not black and white . "
SINGLE ISSUE
2 YEAR SUBSCRIPTION
dismantling education one mandate at a time
Texas is hell bent to use toxic partisanship instead of expert- vetted facts guide its education system , in denial that its students will suffer as a result .
Say what you will about school board members in Texas , but they ’re consistent .
Now if only they used all their fervor in boosting academic standards instead of tearing tearing them down into absurd over - simplifications of science and history , declaring that well established and proven scientific ideas about space and time are up for debate because a young earth creationist says so , appointing a crazed zealot as their chairman , then threatening to replace him with a lunatic who has a searing hatred for all public schools after he managed to lose his seat , and even after their former chairman and two of his cronies are defeated in their re-election bids , to keep wailing away at ensuring that no kids in Texas are allowed to have a well - rounded curriculum .
In the last few days , the state ’s board of education shoved through the kinds of mandates that would make any far right sophist proud , going as far as to ban the word “ capitalism ” because it ’s used by liberal professors .
Yes , you read that right .
Instead of taking their cues from academics , who many of the school board members loathe in their roiling anti-intellectualism , they apparently decided to ask Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh what Texan academic standards to peruse .
How else can you explain the notion that the word capitalism has to be struck from that curricula so it could be replaced with a buzzword from archconservative economic think tanks solely on the basis of irrational , partisan hatred ?
The board removed the word “ capitalism ” from [ state ] standards , mandating that the term for that economic system be called “ free enterprise ” throughout the standards .
Board members such as Terri Leo and Ken Mercer charged that “ capitalism ” is a negative term used by “ liberal professors in academia . ”
Really ?
That ’s the ironclad expert justification ?
To use the term liberal the same way one would pronounce a diagnosis and say that it ’s used by college professors ?
How could there be a clearer example of the searing hatred the creationist / culture war faction of the Texas SBoE has for anything that even resembles knowledge or education that does n’t simply pound students over the head with their personal ideologies ?
I do n’t think the duo in question , Leo and Mercer , seem to have a working neural synapse between them .
Or perhaps the two share a brain that was left on a dark , dusty shelf somewhere before the meeting began .
How does one even begin to describe how utterly inane and imbecilic this kind of reasoning is and the damage it will do ?
While a horde of far right ideologues pat each other on the back , praising American exceptionalism as they dilute the crucial educational standards of the nation ’s second biggest state with nonsense and propaganda solely for the sake of their personal self - validation , they drag the country farther and farther behind .
And then , they have the gall to call these standards “ world class . ”
Are they even talking about the same world as we are ?
To put it plainly , the school board members who thought it would be a great idea to turn a social studies class into an audition for right wing talk radio and declare that when teaching the importance of considering any and all opinions in a democratic republic , the teachers should really just explain that the students have the right to buy guns under the Second Amendment , are societal parasites .
They complain about intrusive , heavy - handed government intervention in business and society , yet they get themselves elected to government posts , issue intrusive societal mandates , take advantage of government - run medical care for them and their families , get a paycheck funded by taxpayers , benefit from all the things modern science gives them while viciously smearing scientists and academics , and produce nothing positive in their wake .
The fact that American students are n’t quite on par with other students in the developed world in countless international surveys should be a glaring example of the cost of having these people mandate educational standards .
But then again , I ’m sure they can find some tenet in their “ exceptionalism ” doctrine that can somehow “ prove ” that not teaching kids science or math and pounding them over the head with talking points borrowed from a partisan , hypocritical news pundit instead of involving them in social debates , somehow produces education so superior to the rest of the world that no standardized test could fully measure its sheer brilliance .
Or simply call their critics “ liberal academic demagogues ” and spit in their direction , as they usually do .
Not all of us own land for farming , but even urban dwellers can grow gardens and plants .
There are more and more fantastic green living concepts being designed for people who want to try out their green thumb .
Here are 15 fantastically futuristic plant growing design concepts .
One Pot , Two Lives
The planter and fish tank work together to make your fish and your plant healthier .
The system works by the fish poo acting as a moist fertilizer for the plant .
The filter system helps to maintain neutral PH quality in the water for the fish while extending the watering period by about one week for the plant .
One Pot , Two Lives was created by designers Sheng - Zhe Feng and Ling - Yuan Chou .
Urb Garden
Urb Garden by Xavier Calluaud allows people who do not have space for traditional horizontal gardens to indulge in gardening .
Vertical food gardens encourage urban dwellers to grow their own food .
It comes with a self - contained drip watering system , keeping the plants hydrated .
It was also designed for organic recycling to act as plant fertilization .
PC Green Computing Concept
Designer Luis Luna created this green computer concept design called “ O. ” The project was inspired by the oxygen and the photosynthesis cycle , trying to reduce the amount of CO2 that computers generate .
This CPU is both decorative and meant to encourage a green thinking lifestyle for computer users .
Kitchen Garden & Moss Bathmat
Designer La Chanh Nguyen came up with both of these green living concepts .
The Kitchen Garden basically grows over the pot holding kitchen utensil and provides a vertical garden .
The chef can cut some fresh aromatic herbs as needed .
How about a moss bathmat ?
Moss Carpet utilizes the humidity of the bathroom as well as water dripping off a person to stay watered .
It would also provide a very different feeling under your feet than most people experience when stepping out of the shower or tub .
Office Partition & Foot Rest
Having plants in the office is not a new idea , but designers Jinsun and Seonkeum Park have a couple of plant growing concepts that you have doubtfully seen in the office yet .
For those of you trapped in the dreaded cubicle , perhaps office life would seem a bit less bleak with a Breathing Partition ?
They claim it will bring an ever - lasting oasis to an otherwise dull and dreary office environment .
Not for you ?
Then how about a grass foot rest to allow a feeling of nature under your bare feet ?
Le Petit Prince
[ youtube=q4tfkHRMia0 ]
Le Petit Prince was designed by Martin Miklica and was one of the 2009 Electrolux Design Lab Competition winners .
This intelligent robotic greenhouse concept was designed to help with future exploration and expanding population on Mars .
The four - legged pod can carry and tend to a plant inside its glass container .
It also can send wireless communication to other greenhouse robots , allowing them to learn from each other .
Ecohabitare
If you do n’t have the farming land for a garden , surely you have enough space to hang a “ picture ? ” Ecohabitare is a vertical garden designed by Daniele Adamo and Ravel Casela .
Made from flat plates manufactured from recycled packages , this portable vertical garden takes 20 minutes a day to harvest and irrigate .
The fertilized soil only needs changed once a year when you add new seeds .
It requires about 9.8 feet or 3 meters of wall space and is best suitable for growing chives , parsley , tomato , basil , mint , bold , strawberry and rosemary .
Air - conditioning Curtain / Vertical Planter
This air conditioning curtain concept was designed by Laura Boffi .
“ Fresco Di Lana ” is made from wool and meant to be kept wet via a water pump .
The air - conditioning curtain could perhaps be considered swag except it also functions as a vertical garden .
The wet wool filters hot air , cooling it as it enters the house .
The wet wool provides pockets in which to grow your food , flowers , or plants indoors .
Envi Urban Waste Management
Designer Julien Bergignat created Evni , one of 58 projects that was shortlisted for the 2009 BraunPrize competition .
Envi is a foresight urban dustbin , promoting composting from biodegradable waste .
The concept design shows the benefits of urban recycling in which the waste turns into compost for the plant it carries .
Refrigerator That Grows Plants
( image credits Yanko Design )
Designer Hanna Sandström worked with Green Fortune & Whirlpool to come up with a refrigerator that will nurture a seed into a plant .
It ’s meant to grow herbs and organic greens that you might normally purchase .
Although still in concept design stage , the system should automatically water and give light to the refrigerator garden .
Not possible ?
Once upon a time , the same thing was said about ice spitting out the refrigerator door .
Growing plants in your frig would give garden fresh a whole new meaning .
Ekokook
( image credits Yanko Design )
Designer FALTAZI came up with Ekokook , one of the coolest kitchen concept systems ever invented .
You can watch the video below whether you understand French or not and see it in action .
Ekokook does it all , from use and re-use of your solid waste , liquid waste , organic waste , oh…and cook too .
It has a combo fridge / freezer , steam oven , and two - tier dishwasher .
Non-smelly waste is placed into a bin and compacted into briquettes .
The double sink collects water that is filtered to be reused on the plants hanging above it .
Organic waste is taken care of by earthworms and then further recycled into food for indoor and outdoor plants .
[ youtube=a4u4EFamAwU ]
Volksgarden Hydroponics
Volksgarden is not a concept design but a reality of an effective hydroponic garden on wheels .
It ’s a ferris wheel ride for plants , growing up to 80 plants at once , taking 45 - 50 minutes to complete a rotation , spinning 24 / 7 .
The unit only takes up 1/3 of the floor space used by a conventional flat garden .
Omega Garden Technology claims Volksgarden yields three to five times the comparable weight per watt average per harvest .
This seems like a great way to grow your own food . . . or weed .
Home Farming
Philips design completed a project on how we might eat and source our food in 15 - 20 years from now .
This Home Farming concept is a self - contained farm for growing plants and raising fish .
This vertical garden is a step beyond those above as you would also be able to provide meat with your veggies .
Below is a video of their design probe looking at the future of food .
[ youtube=Au2Bueiy6MQ ]
Check out my new blog : Raven 's Daily Fortune Cookie .
You wo n't find maxims like this elsewhere , and that 's probably a good thing .
Please enjoy my observations and whimsies ( 1800 blog entries and more ) , and please check out the audio , eText and book versions of my fantasy novel , Raven 's Gift , at ravensGift.com .
At that website , you 'll also find my reviews and FAQs for several iPad games .
j Query source viewer
Meta
See the related blog post : Under jQuery 's Bonnet
I was sick and tired of having to scroll through a raw copy of jQuery everytime I wanted to view a method 's implementation ... so I decided to have a go at creating a faster , more usable interface which would allow me to quickly traverse each method 's source .
It 's dead simple .
Type in a jQuery method name ( then wait a bit ) and the corresponding source will show up .
It even works on internally defined functions ( and anything really ) , so try typing ' buildFragment ' or ' rscript ' ...
Bankruptcy & Student Loan Debt : What You Need to Know
In today 's job market , more and more high - earning professions require a college degree .
At the same time , the price of earning a degree is only getting higher , and many would - be students are being discouraged from furthering their education .
This guide will help you understand what you need to know about student loans , debt , bankruptcy , and your financial future .
If you thought Bluewaffle was weak , maybe you should try Mustard Snack and Cheesy Peas
Blue Waffle [ bloo - wof - uh l ] :
A battered or infected lady cake of blue or green colouring , often brought about by extreme rammage to the female taco with penis or similar device .
Blue Waffle infections are a result of dirty skank whoreness of the smack head variety and are abundant in areas of extreme chav infestations as well as areas high in whoredom .
Now listed # 2 on www.listofshocksites.com
I love the electronics videos Collin Cunningham produces for Make : Online .
Not only does he describe his projects in an entertaining way , he also scores the trippy music for them .
After checking out a few projects involving IR heart monitors , I decided to have a go at the interface myself .
Seen above are the results of my first experimentation with pulse oximetry .
Getting the setup up and running satisfactorily required a bit more time and tinkering than I 'd expected – especially after reversing a premature mod to my emitter / detector pair .
The next version I try will either use a higher output emitter ( see Charles Martin 's version ) or some amplification hardware ( as used in Meng Li's sensor ) .
By Adrian Douglas
Monday , March 1 , 2010
Recently I have written several articles that have discussed how much " paper gold " has been sold , principally through the unallocated accounts of the London Bullion Market Association , though there are other vehicles that achieve the same end , such as pool accounts , unbacked exchange - traded funds , futures , and derivatives , etc. , but the LBMA dwarfs them all .
See :
And :
I estimate that as much as 50,000 tonnes of gold have been sold that do not exist .
That is equivalent of all the gold reserves in the world that are yet to be mined -- or , put another way , 25 years of gold production .
That is the granddaddy of all short positions .
The fractional reserve operation of the LBMA is likely to be the next Madoff scandal , except multiplied by 100 -- a $ 5 trillion fraud as opposed to a $ 50 billion fraud .
Like all financial scandals before it , this one will be exposed just as surely as night follows day .
Gold is unique among all commodities .
It is the only commodity that is not bought to be consumed .
Rather , it is purchased as a store of wealth .
Because it is not consumed , the buyer does not need to take possession of his gold but can be persuaded to trust the seller to store his gold on his behalf .
This unique wrinkle allows bullion bankers to sell gold that does not exist .
This allows them to make huge profits , since they have very little cost , as they do n't have the inconvenience of actually having to purchase the gold before they sell it .
The consequence of this illegal activity is that it suppresses the price of gold because the " paper gold " supply has the same effect on prices that would happen if real gold had actually been supplied to the market .
Such racketeering is extremely beneficial to the central banks , which are hostile to gold because a free - market gold price would blow the whistle on their perpetual inflationary actions .
A suppressed gold price makes fiat currencies appear to have higher purchasing power .
The central banks do not just turn a blind eye to the bullion banks ' fraud but actively assist it ; the central banks lease gold at a pittance of a lease rate to make sure there is always enough liquidity so the scam is not exposed from the bullion banks ' inability to deliver real metal when asked .
There is nothing new about gold bankers selling gold they do n't have .
The goldsmiths invented the scheme in the 16th century .
As recently as 2005 Morgan Stanley was sued for selling imaginary precious metals .
Morgan Stanley even had the audacity to charge storage fees on metal that did n't exist .
The firm settled the lawsuit out of court but no criminal charges were ever filed .
Morgan Stanley maintained that it did nothing wrong because none of its clients had lost any money in the scam .
That was innovative .
I will try stealing a billion dollars from a bank and then I will pay it back the following day and see what the FBI thinks of that legal defense .
The LBMA operates a fractional reserve system .
It sells much more gold than it has .
The LBMA keeps on hand the amount of gold that it estimates , in the worst - case scenario , it will be called upon to deliver .
In a recent article I analyzed data from the LBMA 's own Internet site that shows that a net of approximately 20 million ounces of gold are traded every day :
This means that we are meant to believe that the equivalent of 25 percent of global annual gold production changes hands each day on the LBMA .
On a gross trading basis this probably represents the whole of annual worldwide gold production traded every day .
In dollar terms it represents $ 5.7 trillion of net trade annually .
That is almost 60 percent of the entire U.S. economy or 10 percent of the entire global economy being traded through a handful of gold bullion banks .
It is simply mind boggling .
You do n't have to be a rocket scientist or a market regulator to smell something fishy .
To back that level of trading on a 100 percent reserve ratio , the bullion banks would have to own almost 40 percent of all the gold ever mined .
There are simply not enough London Good Delivery bars for that to be the case .
You do n't have to rely on me to tell you that the LBMA is running a fractional reserve gold racket .
This is from the LBMA 's own Internet site :
" Unallocated Accounts
This is an account where specific bars are not set aside and the customer has a general entitlement to the metal .
It is the most convenient , cheapest , and most commonly used method of holding metal .
" The units of these accounts are 1 fine ounce of gold and 1 ounce of silver based upon a .995 LGD ( London Good Delivery ) gold bar and a .999 - fine LGD silver bar respectively .
Transactions may be settled by credits or debits to the account while the balance represents the indebtedness between the two parties .
" Credit balances on the account do not entitle the creditor to specific bars of gold or silver , but are backed by the general stock of the bullion dealer with whom the account is held .
The client is an unsecured creditor .
" Should the client wish to receive actual metal , this is done by ' allocating ' specific bars or equivalent bullion product , the fine gold content of which is then debited from the allocated account . "
There are some real peaches in this description .
For example : " Credit balances on the account do not entitle the creditor to specific bars of gold or silver , but are backed by the general stock of the bullion dealer with whom the account is held . "
They do n't say that the bullion dealer has to hold the amount of gold he has sold , just that these unallocated accounts are backed by the bullion dealer 's stock .
His stock could be a thousand ounces or none at all .
Note the statement : " The client is an unsecured creditor . "
So this really spells out what " unallocated " means .
It means that there is no gold allocated to the customer .
The customer owns only an IOU for gold .
If the LBMA were running a system that had on hand 100 percent of all the gold being sold but just did n't want to assign specific bars and serial numbers , then all creditors would be secured .
But the LBMA spells out that all clients are unsecured creditors .
The buyers have no gold guaranteed against the IOU from the bullion dealers .
Who exactly are the members of the LBMA ?
The clearing members are as follows :
-- HSBC Bank USA National Association
-- JP Morgan Chase Bank
-- The Bank of Nova Scotia
-- Barclays Bank
-- Deutsche Bank
-- UBS AG
HSBC and JPMorgan Chase are the biggest short sellers on the New York Commodity Exchange .
Together they own 95 percent of the over - the - counter precious metals derivatives .
They are also custodians of the bullion supposedly held by the GLD and SLV exchange - traded funds , respectively , and they are clearing agents for the LBMA .
That is one fine set of credentials .
These banks are so arrogant and confident that their racketeering will not be exposed that the quarterly publication of the LBMA is titled " The Alchemist . "
Unlike the alchemists of the middle ages who tried to turn lead into gold , the alchemists at the LBMA turn paper into gold .
( Well , gold IOUs , to be exact . )
In 2003 Graham Tuckwell , chairman of Gold Bullion Securities , made a presentation to the annual LBMA precious metals conference about his firm's new gold - backed ETF that today trades on the American Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol " GOLD . "
The transcript of his speech can be found here :
In that speech Tuckwell said :
" There are three essential components of [ a ] listed security , in our opinion .
Firstly , ownership of the gold ; investors want allocated gold , not a third - party credit risk , which is what unallocated gold is .
In fact , you could argue unallocated gold is n't gold ; it 's just a piece of paper issued by a bank , and in most cases , unsecured risk . "
You have to remember that this is a speech being made in front of all the members of the LBMA .
You simply can't make such a statement in front of such a crowd if it is n't true .
And we know it is true because the LBMA says the same thing on its Internet site .
They say their clients are " unsecured creditors . "
The LBMA peddles gold promises to those gullible enough to trade off convenience against title .
Many people do not understand what fractional reserve accounting means .
I will give you an example of a less important real - life case .
Commercial airlines routinely sell more seats on a flight than the airplane has .
If the plane holds 200 passengers but from statistics the airline knows that on average only half the passengers with ticket show up for check - in , the airline can sell 400 seats and be confident that the plane will fly full , which increases the airline 's profitability .
If the airline sold only 200 tickets , the plane would fly half empty .
Occasionally the airline gets caught when , say , 210 passengers check in .
In such circumstances the airline offers a free night in a hotel , a first - class upgrade , and some cash for any 10 passengers volunteering to fly later or the next day .
But all the people who purchased tickets believed that they were buying actual available seats , not unallocated virtual seats .
This is exactly the same situation with the LBMA ; the LBMA sells more gold than it has .
It knows from statistics on average how many clients will ask for delivery and that determines the LBMA 's minimum stock level .
But just like the case of the airlines , this scheme is destined to be discovered .
When more gold is demanded than the bullion banks can deliver , they try to lease or buy gold from central banks .
If this can be done in a timely fashion , the bullion banks ' clients are none the wiser .
If the central banks cannot provide supply , then the bullion banks are obliged to offer premiums over the spot gold price to encourage clients to accept cash in lieu of metal .
We are hearing anecdotal stories that recently there have been cases of premiums of up to 25 percent being offered for gold buyers to settle in cash instead of metal .
It would seem that the bullion banks have pushed the game too far and are on a collision course with default .
In addition the central banks have dishoarded a large proportion of their gold and are not in a position to come to the rescue of the bullion banks as much as in the past .
I recently made an analysis of the Comex warehouse inventory of gold and silver in an article entitled " Alarming Trend in Comex Gold and Silver Inventory Data " :
One of my conclusions is that in the last six months there has been a dramatic decline in the inventory held by the dealers on the Comex ( the registered category ) , while over the same period the open interest has increased .
This essentially means that each open contract has less warehouse gold or silver backing today than it did six months ago .
This is a classic reduction in reserve ratio .
It is a sign that the gold cartel is running out of physical gold and silver .
This observation is supported by other data .
During the last two years the U.S. mint has periodically suspended production of gold and silver coins due to shortages of bullion , and the Comex futures have displayed contracting contango and / or mild backwardation , which is indicative of physical market stress .
There is anecdotal evidence that the LBMA OTC market in London has been having difficulties in making deliveries and requiring central bank gold to do so .
There are also rumors of large premiums being offered for cash settlement in lieu of the bullion .
Sources active in the London market tell us it is difficult to find large amounts of bullion .
The central banks have stopped selling and have become net buyers of gold .
Further , at the end of last year the politically connected miner Barrick Gold announced a panicked buying back of its hedges .
The clients of the LBMA are not speculators or gamblers .
They have bought gold that they believe is being held in a vault for them by the LBMA members .
As the suspicions about the LBMA rise , more clients will ask for delivery , which will expose this fraudulent operation .
As I wrote here earlier , I estimate that as much as 50,000 tonnes of gold have been sold that do not exist .
That is equivalent to all the gold in the world that is yet to be mined , or , put another way , 25 years of gold production , the granddaddy of all short positions .
The fractional reserve operation of the LBMA is likely to be the next Madoff scandal , except multiplied by 100 -- a $ 5 trillion dollar fraud as opposed to a $ 50 billion fraud .
Those holding real bullion will see the price multiply many times as the price adjusts to the supply and demand fundamentals of real metal .
There is only one way to protect yourself and to profit .
You should own physical bullion .
Simply do n't trust intermediaries like the LBMA that purportedly sell you gold but label you an " unsecured creditor . "
Anyone who thinks he holds gold at the LBMA should demand delivery .
The major desirable and unique characteristic of gold is that it is no one else 's liability , unlike almost every other financial asset .
If you own a credit risk , like IOU gold , you have not achieved the principle objective of owning gold .
Are you a gold owner or an " unsecured creditor " ?
You can not be both .
-----
Adrian Douglas is publisher of the Market Force Analysis letter ( www.MarketForceAnalysis.com) and a member of GATA 's Board of Directors .
* * *
Labels : Adrian Douglas , GATA , market manipulation
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Green Lake
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Features : * Steel rails forged by LUCIFER himself * Genuine Auroch hide seat provides maximum chafingI am reaching the end of my strength , as the madness contained within this dark artifact threatens to consume me .
I cannot merely throw this adamantine saddle on the rubbish heap , lest some unwary passerby become transfixed by its lightless glow .
No , I must only give this to one with the courage to look into the bloodshot eyes of insanity , and the strength to master it .
A wizard with the cunning to master this beast gains an ally of unspeakable power : the ultimate theft deterrent .
At the moment the thief straddles your steed , his fate is sealed .
Eager for revenge upon mortals , the saddle will visit his arse with blisters that rival the torment of fire and brimstone ... a dire lesson he will not soon forget .
This same fate will befall any unworthy mortal who in his arrogance , attempts to mount the saddle of doom .
Are you worthy ?
BRICKS for Young Adults
BRICKS is an organization in Pittsburgh , PA , that aims to connect Young Adult cancer patients to people and resources that may be useful to them as they undergo treatment and beyond .
We also hope to raise awareness about Young Adult cancers , and impact survival rates through education and activism .
Um neue Beiträge per E - Mail zu erhalten , hier die E - Mail - Adresse eingeben .
In order to provide our customers with the best user experience and in order to target many different platforms , the IDA Pro graphical user interface is currently being rewritten using the Qt technology .
Qt ( pronounced “ cute ” ) is a cross- platform application and UI framework and the Win32 VCL - based IDA Pro interface is being ported to it .
The goal is to provide all the features available in the current GUI while maintaining the maximum compatibility with plugins and other external modules .
Here is a screenshot of the current build of idaqt running on Ubuntu :
You can click on the images to enlarge them .
From the first version idaqt will include a fully functional graphing , which is , as it is possible to notice from the screenshot , already implemented .
The same is true for hints , navigation band and all other advanced IDA Pro features .
This is idaqt on Windows 7 .
The text view looks exactly the same and all other features like choosers and forms will be available with no exception on all supported platforms .
The full range of options and customizations which the Win32 interface provides will be available as well .
As you can see , apart from the still to be implemented docking , the new interface looks pretty much the same as the Win32 one .
Not only will it be possible to deploy the same native graphical interface to Windows , OS X , Linux and other platforms which in the future may become popular , but the quality of the user experience and the further development capabilities will be hugely increased thanks to an advanced framework such as Qt .
Although idaqt is going to replace the current GUI completely , for some time they will be deployed together in order to fix any incompatibility issues and to give third party developers the necessary time to thoroughly test their products against the new interface .
LAST DAY OF THE MARKET
The market will be closing early this year .
Our last day of our 2020 season is Saturday the 26th from 10 am - 5 pm .
Come by to shop and celebrate with us for the last hurrah of the season !
Thank you for your support and we will see you next year !
Russia 's recession may get bad enough to cause the unthinkable : Vladimir Putin losing power .
The prime minister 's party , United Russia , lost a majority in four of eight regional legislatures in March 15 elections .
His approval rating has is still high ( 73 % ) according to a state - owned polling agency -- but it is at an all - time low ( 49 % ) according to an independent group .
Most striking in authoritarian Russia is an upswell in protests .
Some are unsanctioned , or in other words , riots .
Global Post :
The biggest rally so far came last month in Kaliningrad , a small Western exclave that has the misfortune of being located just north of Germany , where downtrodden Russians have a clear view onto the heightened living standards of their European neighbors .
Some 10,000 people turned out to protest the policies of Putin and the local governor .
" In our country , there will be another Kaliningrad , " Nemtsov said .
United Russia has been visibly shaken by the increasing discontent .
It has launched a loud campaign to lower utilities prices , and scrambled into action to prevent another protest in Kaliningrad .
" They do n’t understand how to behave or what to do , " said Kynev , the political analyst .
" They ’re in hysterics , and lying like madmen .
hey ’re trying to say all is well , but it ’s clearly not .
Numbers are numbers . "
What 's scary is that the most viable challenger to United Russia is still the Communist Party , which has picked up legislative seats and organized protests .
See also : Here 's Why Russia Is Toast >
As soon as you connect to the internet to do any of your daily tasks or connect your server to provide some service , it means that you are exposing your system to lots of threat and to people who are ready to play with your system just for fun or some personal interest .
SSH ( Secure Shell ) is one of the very common ways which is used to login to your machine and perform some tasks and which simply means that this is one of the gateway between hackers / crackers and your system .
So , most of the people would try different cracking techniques like Brute force or Dictionary attacks to gain access to your system with this service .
DenyHosts is a tool i use to secure my SSH server from these type of people .
Written in python , this tool serves as a very active security guard and helps me to keep my system safe from lots of prying eyes .
Every day , I usually found at least couple of entries in the /etc / hosts . deny file .
If you believe that your system operates on DHCP or no one could know your IP address , hence can’t launch any attack against your system , then this is the time to wake up .
Hackers have their scripts which do n’t target a specific hosts or machine , they usually picks a network block and launches random attacks on all the machines available in that block and those scripts informs them as soon as they find something which could be of any interest to the hacker .
So which means that your machine is equally vulnerable to these attacks as much is mine .
What is Denyhosts :
DenyHosts is a python program that automatically blocks ssh attacks by adding entries to /etc/hosts .deny .
DenyHosts will also inform Linux administrators about offending hosts , attacked users and suspicious logins .
Installation :
Most of the time , there are two ways by which you can install a package , one is compile through source and other is to install by a package .
I will be explaining both here , so if you feel lazy ( and do n’t want to chase different locations for the dependencies ) , install it through package or else you could follow the source installation anytime .
Package Installation :
Package installation is pretty much simple .
Usually I use my favorite tool aptitude to do the installation .
# aptitude install denyhosts -y
The package is not so big so it wo n’t take long for aptitude to search and install it .
The package will install and configure on it ’s own and get started to secure your system .
Source Installation :
I had already told you the easy way to install and configure the package , but still if you would like to opt the harder way , then download the source package from Denyhosts download .
Unzip and untar it and go into the Denyhosts directory .
# tar zxvf DenyHosts - 2.6.tar.gz
# cd DenyHosts -2.6
and then use this simple command to install the package .
# python setup.py install
As you must know this , that installing the package from the source is quite a pain because you have to do all the configuration manually , instead of the way it was done automatically with the package .
Now go to the /usr / share / denyhosts directory and copy denyhosts.cfg - dist and daemon - control - dist to their respective to their non - dist version .
# cd /usr / share / denyhosts
# cp denyhosts.cfg - dist denyhosts.cfg
# cp daemon - control - dist daemon- control
I am sure you want the service to be started automatic at the next reboot .
To do the same follow the steps given below .
# chown root daemon- control
# chmod 700 daemon- control
# ln -s /usr / share / denyhosts/daemon-control /etc/init.d/denyhosts
# chkconfig –add denyhosts
Now use this command to start the service
# /etc/init.d/ denyhosts start
Denyhosts is now running and safe guarding your system from most of the attacks and will also start automatically at the next reboot .
Configuration :
The package installed now is with the default configuration and which works pretty much well for most of the cases , but there are also chances where you may be needing something different for yourself .
denyhosts.cfg is the file which you must be looking for if you would like to do some changes .
The file is pretty much self explanatory , there are different parameters given inside the file which you can change and configure according to your needs .
But there is one parameter which is worth mentioning .
BLOCK_SERVICE :
This parameter is used by Denyhosts to block the listed services for the offenders .
By default it will block the “ ssh ” service .
But if needed that can be changed to list of services or to “ ALL ” services .
Simple put the parameter like this “ # BLOCK_SERVICE = ALL ” to block all services for those who are trying to mess up with your system .
But be CAREFUL , by mistake you could possibly block some of your clients with this .
Like if someone is trying some attacks from a company network , and you have have blocked all the services for that IP , then by mistake you are blocking services like HTTP / MAIL for all the people of that company .
There are various other parameters which can be changed and configured according to your needs like from where you should read the logs ( SECURE_LOG ) , after how many days you purge an entry from the deny file ( PURGE_DENY ) , after how many tries an IP would be put into the deny files , configuring Denyhosts to send you information and lot more .
Have fun browsing through the config file .
Obviously , there are lots of other advance features in this software like Synchronization , means uploading the blacklisted hosts to a central server and downloading blacklists from other DenyHosts users which are using this service around the globe , but this is something i wo n’t be explaining here and will leave it for you to explore .
Here , I am not saying that Denyhosts will make your system completely secure but this is a very small piece of work which could give you great peace of mind .
Small configuration and your system will be safe from lots of un -wanted activities .
So , I believe everyone must be using this to secure their system .
If not then drop an email / comment and I would like to hear the reason for the same .
If you enjoyed this post , make sure you subscribe to my RSS feed !!!!
This website is devoted to the art of rationality , and as such , is a wonderful corrective to wrong facts and , more importantly , wrong procedures for finding out facts .
There is , however , another type of cognitive phenomenon that I ’ve come to consider particularly troublesome , because it militates against rationality in the irrationalist , and fights against contentment and curiousity in the rationalist .
For lack of a better word , I ’ll call it perverse - mindedness .
The perverse - minded do not necessarily disagree with you about any fact questions .
Rather , they feel the wrong emotions about fact questions , usually because they have n’t worked out all the corollaries .
Let ’s make this less abstract .
I think the following quote is preaching to the choir on a site like LW :
“ The universe that we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is , at bottom , no design , no purpose , no evil , no good , nothing but pitiless indifference . ”
- Richard Dawkins , " God 's Utility Function , " Scientific American ( November , 1995 ) .
Am I posting that quote to disagree with it ?
No .
Every jot and tittle of it is correct .
But allow me to quote another point of view on this question .
“ We are not born into this world , but grow out of it ; for in the same way an apple tree apples , the Earth peoples . ”
This quote came from an ingenious and misguided man named Alan Watts .
You will not find him the paragon of rationality , to put it mildly .
And yet , let ’s consider this particular statement on its own .
What exactly is wrong with it ?
Sure , you can pick some trivial holes in it – life would not have arisen without the sun , for example , and Homo sapiens was not inevitable in any way .
But the basic idea – that life and consciousness is a natural and possibly inevitable consequence of the way the universe works – is indisputably correct .
So why would I be surprised to hear a rationalist say something like this ?
Note that it is empirically indistinguishable from the more common view of “ mankind confronted by a hostile universe . ”
This is the message of the present post : it is not only our knowledge that matters , but also our attitude to that knowledge .
I believe I share a desire with most others here to seek truth naively , swallowing the hard pills when it becomes necessary .
However , there is no need to turn every single truth into a hard pill .
Moreover , sometimes the hard pills also come in chewable form .
What other fact questions might people regard in a perverse way ?
How about materialism , the view that reality consists , at bottom , in the interplay of matter and energy ?
This , to my mind , is the biggie .
To come to facilely gloomy conclusions based on materialism seems to be practically a cottage industry among Christian apologists and New Agers alike .
Since the claims are all so similar to each other , I will address them collectively .
“ If we are nothing but matter in motion , mere chemicals , then :
Life has no meaning ; Morality has no basis ;
Love is an illusion ; Everything is futile ( there is no immortality ) ;
Our actions are determined ; we have no free will ; et cetera . ”
The usual response from materialists is to say that an argument from consequences is n’t valid – if you do n’t like the fact that X is just matter in motion , that does n’t make it false .
While eminently true , as a rhetorical strategy for convincing people who are n’t already on board with our programme , it ’s borderline suicidal .
I have already hinted at what I think the response ought to be .
It is not necessarily a point - by - point refutation of each of these issues individually .
The simple fact is , not only is materialism true , but it should n’t bother anyone who is n’t being perverse about it , and it would n’t bother us if it had always been the standard view .
There are multiple levels of analysis in the lives of human beings .
We can speak of societies , move to individual psychology , thence to biology , then chemistry … this is such a trope that I need n’t even finish the sentence .
However , the concerns of , say , human psychology ( as distinct from neuroscience ) , or morality , or politics , or love , are not directly informed by physics .
Some concepts only work meaningfully on one level of analysis .
If you were trying to predict the weather , would you start by modeling quarks ?
Reductionism in principle I will argue for until the second coming ( i.e. , forever ) .
Reductionism in practice is not always useful .
This is the difference between proximate and ultimate causation .
The perverse - mindedness I speak of consists in leaping straight from behaviour or phenomenon X to its ultimate cause in physics or chemistry .
Then – here ’s the “ ingenious ” part – declaring that , since the ultimate level is devoid of meaning , morality , and general warm - and - fuzziness , so too must be all the higher levels .
What can we make of someone who says that materialism implies meaninglessness ?
I can only conclude that if I took them to see Seurat ’s painting “ A Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte , " they would earnestly ask me what on earth the purpose of all the little dots was .
Matter is what we ’re made of , in the same way as a painting is made of dried pigments on canvas .
Big deal !
What would you prefer to be made of , if not matter ?
It is only by the contrived unfavourable contrast of matter with something that does n’t actually exist – soul or spirit or élan vital or whatever – that somebody can pull off the astounding trick of spoiling your experience of a perfectly good reality , one that you should feel lucky to inhabit .
I worry that some rationalists , while rejecting wooly dualist ideas about ghosts in the machine , have tacitly accepted the dualists ’ baseless assumptions about the gloomy consequences of materialism .
There really is no hard pill to swallow .
What are some other examples of perversity ?
Eliezer has written extensively on another important one , which we might call the disappointment of explicability .
“ A rainbow is just light refracting . ”
“ The aurora is only a bunch of protons hitting the earth ’s magnetic field . ”
Rationalists are , sadly , not immune to this nasty little meme .
It can be easily spotted by tuning your ears to the words “ just ” and “ merely . ”
By saying , for example , that sexual attraction is “ merely ” biochemistry , you are telling the truth and deceiving at the same time .
You are making a ( more or less ) correct factual statement , while Trojan - horsing an extraneous value judgment into your listener ’s mind as well : “ chemicals are unworthy . ”
On behalf of chemicals everywhere , I say : Screw you !
Where would you be without us ?
What about the final fate of the universe , to take another example ?
Many of us probably remember the opening scene of Annie Hall , where little Alfie tells the family doctor he ’s become depressed because everything will end in expansion and heat death .
“ He does n’t do his homework ! ” cries his mother .
“ What ’s the point ? ” asks Alfie .
Although I found that scene hilarious , I have actually heard several smart people po-facedly lament the fact that the universe will end with a whimper .
If this seriously bothers you psychologically , then your psychology is severely divorced from the reality that you inhabit .
By all means , be depressed about your chronic indigestion or the Liberal Media or teenagers on your lawn , but not about an event that will happen in 1014 years , involving a dramatis personae of burnt - out star remnants .
Puh - lease .
There is infinitely more tragedy happening every second in a cup of buttermilk .
The art of not being perverse consists in seeing the same reality as others and agreeing about facts , but perceiving more in an aesthetic sense .
It is the joy of learning something that ’s been known for centuries ; it is appreciating the consilience of knowledge without moaning about reductionism ; it is accepting nature on her own terms , without fatuous navel - gazing about how unimportant you are on the cosmic scale .
If there is a fact question at stake , take no prisoners ; but you do n’t get extra points for unnecessary angst .
The Japanese PLEN robot – that used an Android smartphone as its remote – is great , but at $ 3,000 it ’s a little too expensive for the casual hobbyist .
Instead , how about using some more affordable LEGO Mindstorms kit ; that ’s what the Enea Android team have done , taking advantage of the Mindstorms ’ integrated Bluetooth to remotely control it from an HTC Hero .
Movement is handled by physically tilting the phone , and the user can switch between guiding more than one robot .
It ’s not quite as straightforward as pairing the Mindstorms ‘ bot with the Hero , however , since the Android 1.5 OS the smartphone is running does n’t actually support the Bluetooth serial profile ( SPP ) .
Instead , the Hero gets a WiFi link to a nearby laptop , and the laptop bridges the connection via its own Bluetooth adapter .
Still , Android 2.1 supports SPP , and so we can only hope an update to the app is in the works .
There ’s plenty of cheap LEGO Mindstorms kit on eBay , after all .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=434hbckPz6o[/youtube]
[ via Recombu ]
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies publisher Quirk Books has acquired a new zombie property , Night of the Living Trekkies by Kevin David Anderson .
The novel follows an undead horde unleashed at a Star Trek convention .
Set phasers to BRAAAAINS ...
Advertisement
In this " Galaxy Quest meets Dawn of the Dead " hybrid , a group of unlucky Trek fans must defend themselves against legions of the living dead .
According to Quirk Books ' associate publisher Jason Rekulak :
I 've always felt that a giant convention of fanboys ( like the San Diego Comic Con ) would be a delightful setting for some kind of genre fiction : mystery , romance , horror , something .
Then the manuscript for NIGHT OF THE LIVING TREKKIES landed on my desk , and I knew I had my book .
Advertisement
[ Via GalleyCat .
Photo via Art of Molitorious . ]
Anonymous asked :
So like would I ( or others ) be able to use your instrumentals ?
( of course without making profit ) I 'd love to rap over some of these
of course you may
VANCOUVER , British Columbia 
Olympic hockey teams are not last - minute operations .
Most teams held camps last summer  except for the Czechs , whose coach , Vladimir Ruzicka , does not believe in them .
The rosters have been set for weeks , with a few late changes because of injury .
But because of the N.H.L. schedule , which makes only a grudging concession to the Olympics , players were still trickling in as late as Monday , just a day before the hockey competition began .
Only the teams with few N.H.L. players , which is to say the weaker ones , had anything like a full roster on hand for practices , which could begin Sunday .
Slovakia had only nine players and put its general manager , 42 - year - old Peter Bondra , on the ice .
The Canadians and the Americans canceled their Sunday practices altogether .
The United States , with players who were still tired from traveling , had a light workout Monday , using some of its time to take a team picture .
So on Monday afternoon , many of the teams got together for the first time and began the process , which normally takes weeks , of figuring out a power play , a penalty kill , a forechecking system .
The coaches had to quickly create togetherness among players who for most of the year are rivals , and deal with the tricky issue of assigning lesser roles to some who are used to being stars .
Sonia Gandhi , president of ruling party Indian Congress , pushed for the bill .
( Public .
Resource .
Org / Flickr )
The Rajya Sabha ( Upper House ) of the Indian Parliament passed a bill on Wednesday approving a constitutional amendment to reserve 30 percent of seats for women in national and state legislatures .
This would not only improve India ’s rate of women in parliament from the current 10 percent , but also put India in healthy comparison with the highest rates of women in parliament globally : 42.1 percent for the Nordic countries , 19.9 percent for the rest of Europe , 22.2 percent for the Americas ( 18 percent for the U.S. ) and 18.7 percent for Asia , according to the Inter Parliamentary Union .
Is n’t it time to rejoice ?
Actually , a couple of notes of caution might be in order .
The passage of the bill has caused agitations and strikes all over the country .
A main thrust of the opposition has been that gender cannot be a preferred category while caste and religious minorities face severe economic , social and political violence .
Will these reserved seats come at the cost of seats that religious and caste minorities could have contested ?
Can women legislators be trusted to attend to these other issues ?
This is a concern not just for the political parties opposing the bill ’s passage ( despite having some powerful women leaders ) , but has long been a divisive issue within women ’s movements as well .
Women ’s quotas for 33 percent of seats at the local governance ( panchayat ) level have existed in India since 1993 ( amended to 50 percent in 2009 ) .
Some women in these seats may have been figureheads for influential political men in their families , and some may have been corrupt or ineffective , as feared , but there have been a lot of success stories , too .
Women have used their institutional power in many cases to push for reforms on such issues as water , land , health and violence .
But national politics has very different stakes and scope than local politics .
There has been no dearth of extremely powerful female politicians in India at both national and state levels , even if the total percentages are low .
From Indira Gandhi to Jayalalitha to Mayawati to Mamata Banerjee , these larger - than - life figures have often wielded enormous power in their states and their parties , championing caste and class issues .
Their attention to women ’s problems , however , has ranged from indifferent to lousy .
So I ’m rejoicing , but with some reservations ( pun intended , of course ) .
It ’s possible that a critical mass of women could mobilize to promote social justice based on gender as well as caste and class and religion .
But it ’s equally possible that politics could get in the way , and that being a woman in charge does n’t necessarily insure that justice is served for all .
Read more Ms. coverage on global women ’s rights here .
The money behind a campaign to suspend California 's landmark climate law and place the proposed delay before voters in November is coming from a pair of refiners based in San Antonio , Texas , according to several well - placed sources in Sacramento .
These sources said two refiners based in San Antonio -- Valero Energy Corp. and Tesoro Corp. -- are the sole funders so far behind a proposed ballot initiative that would bring a temporary halt to A.B. 32 , which would cut greenhouse gases across California 's economy to 1990 levels by 2020 , starting in two years .
Reached in San Antonio , a spokesman for Valero did not deny the assertion , but he did refuse comment , referring further calls to a public relations firm in Sacramento that has been hired by advocates of A.B. 32 suspension .
A spokeswoman for the PR firm , Goddard Claussen , also refused comment on the source of funding , but she did confirm that the firm has been retained to handle media and gather signatures to place the measure on the ballot .
Dan Logue , the Republican assemblyman behind the suspension , also refused to discuss where funds had originated .
Like Valero , he referred questions to Goddard Claussen .
" They 're professionals , " he said of the firm .
" They 're the best in the country , the best in the state . "
Both Valero and Tesoro operate two petroleum refiners in California , each representing some of the heaviest carbon emissions in the state .
Valero owns refineries in Benicia and Wilmington , while Tesoro runs plants in Martinez and Los Angeles .
Officials at Tesoro did not return calls seeking comment .
Signature collection phase opens
The good news for Logue , who had been having trouble raising funds , is that his proposed initiative formally moved into the signature gathering phase as of yesterday .
His measure requires 435,000 signatures to qualify for the general election ballot .
It would repeal A.B. 32 until the state 's unemployment rate dips to 5.5 percent .
In a brief interview , Logue said that while he is still a key figure in the process , Goddard Claussen has taken over running the campaign and gathering signatures under a group called the California Jobs Initiative .
The spokeswoman at the firm , Jenny Dudikoff , said she expects the signatures to be ready by the first week of June .
Logue described the handoff as necessary given the intense political pressure likely to develop if the issue makes the ballot .
" We 're going to the people who know how to run campaigns like this , " he said .
" They 're hammering the process . "
' Stealth ' funding ?
But critics of Logue , who has aligned himself with the anti-tax group People 's Advocate , charge that the assemblyman is trying to hide the funding when public law requires disclosure when the campaign has raised an initial $ 50,000 .
Moreover , environmentalists are angry that refiners based in San Antonio , which is nearly 1,500 miles from Sacramento , appear to be the only companies willing to get behind the push .
" Now voters can see this initiative for what it is : oil companies trying to buy their way out of their clean - up obligations , " said Bill Magavern , director of Sierra Club California .
Steven Maviglio , who handles communications for the pro-A.B. 32 effort , said Logue has slow - walked the process when the law requires his group to form a committee with the secretary of state and report contributions .
" They have n't done that , as far as we can tell .
They have no record of any contributions , " he said .
" It appears to me they are trying to do this in a stealth , and possibly illegal , way to hide the oil company backing . "
Dudikoff refused to answer further questions about funding .
She said the signature collecting phase is now in full swing and defended the measure itself , citing the state 's unemployment rate of 12.4 percent .
She also said more funds would be coming from other sources as the process unfolds throughout the spring .
" Businesses , consumers and families will be greatly harmed by these additional costly regulations , " she said .
" The campaign expects support from a broad and diverse coalition of small businesses , taxpayers , individuals and statewide organizations and associations . "
Brown jumps into race
A major factor likely to affect the climate fight this year is the race for governor .
But Democrat Jerry Brown got into the race yesterday without mentioning the climate suspension effort , instead focusing his initial campaign pitch on the state 's collapsed economy and budget mess .
Attorney General Brown , governor from 1975 to 1983 , stressed his knowledge of state government and experience in what amounted to his first campaign speech of the season .
He cited California 's worst - in - the - nation credit rating and said he was the candidate to solve the state 's fiscal mess .
" We need someone with insider 's knowledge , " Brown said , in a swipe at Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ( R ) and former eBay CEO Meg Whitman , the leading Republican candidate to replace him .
" Our state is in serious trouble . "
Absent from the speech was a specific mention of the two pillars of California 's environmental political scene : climate change and water policy .
Brown has long been viewed as an environmental advocate , but with the state suffering from 12 percent unemployment , he did not specifically address either issue .
The omission was not lost on some observers .
Shaun Bowler , a professor at the University of California , Riverside , said the economy will be central for Brown as he runs for governor this year , perhaps leaving fights over climate change and an $ 11 billion water bond further in the background .
" Short term , Brown 's candidacy will mean little for green politics , " Bowler said .
" In any recession , jobs take precedence for all candidates , and this recession is no exception . "
Brown 's campaign office did not respond to an attempt to attain position statements from the attorney general on the water bond or a proposed ballot measure to suspend the state 's climate law , A.B. 32 .
Brown seen as A.B. 32 ally
Others close to environmental politics in the state said it was a mistake to make too much of the omission .
Republicans are expected to attack A.B. 32 as a jobs killer , and some see that tactic as an opening for Brown if he insists the climate law would counteract unemployment and add green jobs to the economy .
" I think that global warming will be a major issue in the gubernatorial race , " Magavern said .
" That should be helpful to Brown , because California swing voters want more environmental protection , not less . "
Magavern added : " I think the economy is issue 1 , 2 and 3 , no question ... [ but ]
I think that global warming will present such a contrast between the candidates that it will be an issue . "
Officials at the California Republican Party did not return calls .
Sullivan reported from San Francisco .
Copyright 2010 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
NECKS craned for a glimpse of Patti Smith as she settled at her customary corner table at Da Silvano in Greenwich Village , a favorite afternoon haunt , earlier this month .
The wonder was that the patrons , silver haired and sleekly buffed , could pick her out at all .
Ms. Smith was understated , even self - effacing in her mannish jacket , boater shirt and beat - up jeans .
Watching her sip hot water and lemon , you could easily have mistaken her for one of any number of androgynous downtown hipsters adopting skinny jeans and boyfriend coats as a low - key urban armor .
Was she trying to merge with the scenery ?
Ms. Smith shrugged , noncommittal .
“ My style says ‘ Look at me , do n’t look at me , ’ ” she said , a hint of testiness ruffling her easy composure .
“ It ’s , ‘ I do n’t care what you think . ’ ”
So it was surprising to learn that her roomy gray jacket , with cuffs that unfasten at the wrist , was designed by Ann Demeulemeester , a high priestess of Parisian vanguard chic .
Her jeans were Ralph Lauren , prized by Ms. Smith for their racy lines .
Her boots , a gift from Johnny Depp , who wore them as the Mad Hatter in “ Alice in Wonderland , ” were the perfect fit , Ms. Smith exulted , “ like when the magic cobbler made your shoes . ”
She has a rarefied feel for that kind of evocative detail — no stray seam escaping her scrutiny .
That might stun her fans , who think of Ms. Smith as a gnarly rocker , thrashing and howling soulfully on stage .
But style - world insiders embrace her as a kindred spirit whose discerning eye and sensitive fashion antennas might be the envy of a veteran stylist .
Ms. Smith ’s look , after all , is nothing if not rehearsed .
All over town , directors and studios are testing footage as they decide whether or not to go 3D .
That included Jackass 3 .
From what I ’m told , the filmmakers violated every rule that James Cameron set with Avatar , in which he used 3D to immerse an audience into his film , rather than sending projectiles out at the audience .
Insiders say some of the footage displayed how Steve - O , Johnny Knoxville and cohorts doing their usual pratfalls , but the stunt that really won the day was called “ The Heli- cockter . ”
One of the Jackass crew — I believe it was “ Party Boy ” Chris Pontius — tethered a remote control - operated helicopter to his penis , and sat there grinning as the copter swung in circles , flying out at the spectacle - wearing Paramount executives who green lit the film .
Bank of America announced today the issuance of a $ 2 billion Equality Progress Sustainability Bond designed to advance racial equality , economic opportunity and environmental sustainability , the first offering of its kind in the financial services industry .
The transaction also represents the first sustainability bond issued by a U.S. bank holding company where the social portion of the use of proceeds will be dedicated to financial empowerment of Black and Hispanic - Latino communities .
This more ...
Holland is a miniature kingdom in the Northwest corner of Europe .
Latitude 52 degrees north : as far north as the town of Red Deer in Alberta , Canada , midway between Calgary and Edmonton .
Consequently in wintertime , our days are short and our nights are long .
Our kids have their breakfast in artificial light .
It dawns when they hike to school ; twilight starts when they come back .
They do their homework in the warm light of incandescent bulbs .
Like we did …. and our parents .
Not for long anymore .
An unholy alliance ( discovered by Elsevier journalist Syp Wynia – see footnote ) between a large multinational company and a multinational environmental organization succeeded in their lobby to phase out , and ultimately by 2012 forbid , the sale of incandescent bulbs , because of their low watt - to - lumen efficiency – not only in the Netherlands but in the whole of the European Union .
The multinational company wanted to develop a new market for products with a high profit margin , and the environmental multinational wanted to impress the citizens of Europe with the imminent catastrophe caused by anthropogenic climate change .
That would also be of benefit to its battered public image .
Philips , the company involved , started in 1891 with the mass production of Edison lamps , at its home base , Eindhoven , Netherlands .
There existed no international court of justice at the time , so they could infringe on US patent law with impunity .
In the past 120 years it has expanded continuously , to become the multinational electronics giant it is today .
Because nostalgia seldom agrees with the aims of private enterprise , Philips started lobbying to phase out the very product on which its original success is based .
They started this campaign around the turn of the century , ten years ago .
Their line of thought is clear : banning incandescent bulbs creates an interesting market for new kinds of home lighting , such as “ energy savers ” ( CFL’s , compact fluorescent lamps ) and LED ’s ( light emitting diodes ) .
The mark - up on these new products is substantially higher than that on old - fashioned incandescent bulbs .
The rapid expansion of the lighting industry in China makes the profit margin on ordinary bulbs from factories in Europe smaller yet .
At ACTION , a major discounter Incandescents : $ 0.46 and up CFL ’s : 7 watts for $ 1.99 Softone CFL’s : 7 watts for $ 3.70
At ALBERT HEIN , our largest supermarket Incandescents : $ 0.59 and up Halogens , house label : $ 1.99 and up Halogens , Philips : $ 3.99 and up CFL ’s , house label : $ 5.30 and up CFL’s , Philips : $ 7.65 and up Softone CFL’s , Philips : 12 watts for $ 10.45 LED ’s , Philips : 5 watts for $ 21.99 Dimmable LED ’s , Philips : 6 watts for $ 33.30
Energy savers ( CFL’s ) were introduced on the market in 1980 , but they never succeeded in gaining wide acceptance from consumers .
Notwithstanding their long life expectancy and reduced power consumption , most of us find their light unnatural , too “ cold ” as it were .
On top of that , the early types were far too heavy .
They also were slow starters and often did not fit in standard armatures .
These days , warmer CFL ’s are on the market , but they are twice as expensive as the earlier types .
Multiple government campaigns , aimed at promoting the idea that energy savers contribute to the well - intentioned goal of reducing the energy consumption of households , failed to convince citizens .
The spectre of catastrophic climate change offered a new opportunity for the strategists and marketing specialists at Philips headquarters .
They changed their marketing concept and jumped on the Global Warming band wagon .
From that moment on , energy - saving bulbs could be put on the market as icons of responsibility toward climate change .
This would give Philips a head start in the CFL end LED business .
The competition would be left far behind by aggressive use of European patent law .
That strategy fitted like a glove with that of the environmental movement .
For them , ordinary light bulbs had become the ultimate symbol of energy waste and excessive CO2 emissions .
Seeing the opportunity , Greenpeace immediately made a forward pass with the ball thrown by Philips ’ pitchers .
The incandescent bulb would serve as an ideal vehicle for ramming Global Warming down people ’s throats .
No abstract discussions about CO2 - emissions any more : a ban on bulbs would suffice .
Not unlike the misguided banning of DDT in the name of environmentalism , which leads to the loss of countless lives due to malaria .
Come to think of it , banning incandescent bulbs makes only marginal sense .
The energy savings of CFL ’s are small .
They are somewhat more efficient when you take into account only the number of lumens per watt of electrical power , but they cost a lot more to produce .
Also , their real life expectancy often is much less than the 7,000 hours promised in the ads .
And do n’t forget that they contain a few milligrams of mercury , which contaminates the environment when they are not disposed of properly .
Most of them are n’t – a scary thought .
Is it fair to judge light bulbs on the efficiency with which they convert watts into lumens ?
The combined lobby from Big Business and Big Environment has attempted to convince us that old - fashioned bulbs waste a lot of energy .
They ignore the inconvenient truth that the efficiency of common light bulbs is in fact a full 100 % .
All the “ waste heat ” helps to heat the house .
In wintertime , when days are short and cold , every contribution to home heating is welcome .
In summertime the days are long and there is hardly any need for artificial lights .
The incandescent bulb may give only a little bit of light , but it also produces a lot of useful heating .
There is yet another problem : the quality of the light produced by CFL ’s and LED’s .
Their light is unnatural ; it is unsuitable for an atmosphere of coziness in living rooms , not to mention bedrooms .
The directors of art museums in Europe worry a lot about this .
The famous landscape paintings of Dutch Masters such as Rembrandt and Ruysdael lose their brilliance in the harsh lights that have to replace incandescent bulbs .
For the next few years they can switch to high - intensity halogen bulbs , like we did in our homes .
But those will be banned by 2016 .
In the struggle for attention ( and for profit ) no holds are barred .
Everything is fair in war – love is not involved here .
In 2006 , Dutch legislators caved in under the combined lobbying pressure by Philips and Greenpeace .
A parliamentary majority in The Hague embraced the idea of banning incandescent bulbs and ordered the Dutch Environment Minister , Jacqueline Cramer , to lobby for an extension of the ban to all states in the European Union .
That task proved simple enough .
Top politicians in Europe , Germany ’s Angela Merkel up front , deeply impressed by Al Gore ’s Inconvenient Truth , were only too eager to project an image of strength and will power concerning imagined threats to the planet .
” Save the Earth , ban the bulb ” was an effective campaign strategy .
To make a long story short , it took less than one year to issue a binding European Union Edict ordering the phasing out of incandescent bulbs , starting with a ban on bulbs of 100 watts and more effective March 1 , 2009 , and leading to a complete ban of all incandescent lighting on September 1 , 2012 .
The spin doctors at Philips headquarters have got it made .
And if this scam backfires on them in consumer protests all over Europe , they can cover their backsides by claiming that politicians and the green movement are responsible , not they .
Backfire it will .
There exist no decent alternatives to incandescent light .
None .
Footnote
Elsevier , the Dutch weekly , is the local equivalent of TIME magazine .
On August 8 , 2009 it ran a revealing cover story by Syp Wynia , entitled “ How war was declared against the incandescent bulb . ”
Other sources of information include an article by James Kanter in the New York Times of August 31 , 2009 and many others , easily found by googling “ incandescent bulbs ” and “ banned . ”
Henk Tennekes is an aeronautical engineer .
From 1965 to 1977 he was a professor of Aerospace Engineering at Penn State .
He is co-author of A First Course in Turbulence ( MIT Press , 1972 – still in print ) and author of The Simple Science of Flight , recently ( 2009 ) released in a revised and expanded edition .
Joost van Kasteren is a senior writer on technology and science in Holland .
He covers energy , housing , water management , agriculture , food technology , innovation , science policy , and related issues .
Let 's see if I have this right .
On this planet of 6.8 billion people , a nation with a population of 7.5 million , about the size of Massachusetts , issues a stern warning to Russia , and then puts the United States " on notice . "
That striking example of confrontational behavior has , once again , illustrated how Israel continues to try to force its agenda on other nations ; in effect , the message is , " you 're either with us or against us . "
Reports out of Russia in early September stated that , during a shouting match between Russian President Medvedev and Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu , Israel 's leader warned , " We 'll bring the whole world down with us if we have to . "
This comment supposedly came after Netanyahu was informed by Medvedev that Russia would not go along with Israel 's plans to bomb Iran 's nuclear facilities and would , very likely , retaliate if the attacks were carried out .
Very dangerous rhetoric on the part of both parties .
Considering the myriad of problems swirling around Israel and the Middle East why Israel would get involved in Russia 's backyard is difficult to comprehend ; but it has .
The Russian Itar - Tass news agency reported on February 12 of this year that Israel was not only supplying Georgia , once a part of the Soviet Union but now an adversary , with drones but was also supplying it with very large amounts of sophisticated weaponry .
This could enable Georgia to prepare for another attempt to gain control of South Ossetia and Abkhazia , two territories of contention between Georgia and Russia .
On March 9 , Vice - President Joe Biden was blindsided when , during his visit , the Israeli government announced plans to construct 1,600 new housing units in East Jerusalem -- it had previously announced settlement expansion in the West Bank .
In addition to that affront , a headline from the Asian Times , March 13 , 2009 stated : " Israel puts the U.S. on notice . "
This , apparently , was meant to be a stern warning to Washington that if the U.S. continues to hold Israel back from a strike on Iran , there will be consequences .
These warnings and recent actions by Israel reflect a high degree of arrogance and recklessness .
That this tiny nation of Israel has the audacity to rattle its sabers in the face of both Russia and America , the world 's largest nuclear powers , is astounding .
The state of Israel has been in existence for more than 60 years and , over that period of time , has been involved in numerous regional conflicts and outright wars .
While there have been any number of attempts by the U.S. and other nations to mediate peace accords between Israel and Palestine , to this day , there has been no success or real progress and there continues to remain a deep distrust and suspicion between Israel and its neighbors over this issue .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Need a Bankruptcy Attorney ?
We Have Bankruptcy Lawyers Serving the Sacramento & Fairfield , CA and Reno , NV Markets
If you are facing a large debt burden and would life to pursue your legal options - such as Chapter 7 Bankruptcy or Chapter 13 Bankruptcy - the process can be overwhelming .
Turn to an experienced bankruptcy attorney from Bankruptcy Law Group for assistance .
If you ’ve had enough of the phone calls , letters , constant harassment , and threats from creditors , but do n’t know where to turn , it ’s time to fight back .
Trust a knowledgeable bankruptcy attorney to serve your best interests , no matter if you need to stop a foreclosure , wage garnishment or repossession , or resolve medical or tax debt .
At Bankruptcy Law Group , we have over 30 years of combined experience helping individuals in California and Nevada achieve total debt relief through Chapter 7 and Chapter 13 bankruptcy .
remember : the law is on your side , and we know how to make the law work for you .
Our Practice Focus
Focused solely on bankruptcy law , we have the know - how to choose the right path for you to achieve desired results .
We represent clients in the Sacramento and Fairfield , California Areas and Reno , Nevada .
We specialize in two types of consumer bankruptcies :
The Road To Debt Relief Starts Here
At our law firm , every bankruptcy attorney can affirm the following :
Debt relief is all we do .
We are not a law firm that dabbles in bankruptcy , debt settlement and credit counseling .
Debt relief is all we do .
Each bankruptcy lawyer has extensive experience helping individuals make their financial goals a reality .
We are not a law firm that dabbles in bankruptcy , debt settlement and credit counseling .
Debt relief is all we do .
Each bankruptcy lawyer has extensive experience helping individuals make their financial goals a reality .
You will always meet with a bankruptcy attorney .
You wo n't be discussing your critical legal and financial matters with a paralegal for secretary .
At our firm , an experiences bankruptcy attorney will work closely with you from beginning to end .
You wo n't be discussing your critical legal and financial matters with a paralegal for secretary .
At our firm , an experiences bankruptcy attorney will work closely with you from beginning to end .
We wo n't push and pigeonhole you into bankruptcy .
We will work with you to help you determine the debt relief plan that is right for you .
Chapter 7 Bankruptcy and Chapter 13 Bankruptcy are only two tools in our debt relief arsenal .
There are non-bankruptcy solutions that make the most sense for some individuals .
We will work with you to help you determine the debt relief plan that is right for you .
Chapter 7 Bankruptcy and Chapter 13 Bankruptcy are only two tools in our debt relief arsenal .
There are non-bankruptcy solutions that make the most sense for some individuals .
We like what we do .
Going up against large banks , lenders and credit card companies on behalf of hardworking individuals gives us satisfaction .
The less money they get and the more you get to keep , the happier we are .
We understand the impact this debt burden is having on your life .
But the law can protect you , and every bankruptcy lawyer here is trained to make the bankruptcy law work for you .
Global warming skeptics are agog that President Obama is seeking to dramatically increase federal funding for global warming research in the wake of the Climate - gate scandals that have emerged during the last three months .
The federal budget for 2011 proposes $ 2.6 billion for the Global Change Research Program , a 21 percent boost over 2010 .
It will bring funding to a level higher than under any administration dating back to 1989 -- when global warming first attracted federal budget funds .
In fact , critics note , overall climate funding is approximately as large as the entire federal government 's budget was in 1932 -- $ 3.994 billion .
( Additional money for climate science is apportioned to a number of federal agencies , like the Environmental Protection Agency , the Department of Energy and the National Science Foundation . )
Critics are lambasting the Obama administration , saying it remains unfazed by the revelations of Climate - gate : doctored research statistics by British environmental scientists , attempts to discredit skeptics of global warming science , and disclosures that the U.N. 's own Nobel - Prize - winning climate science research was based on faulty research about the Amazon rain forest and Himalayan ice caps .
Some public policy experts are expressing outrage that the White House is seeking to boost global warming research funding .
" Spending more money on research does not necessarily lead to concrete results , " Norm Rogers , a senior policy adviser at the Chicago think - tank The Heartland Institute , told FoxNews.com .
He said tens of billions of dollars have been spent on climate research in the last 20 years , and there remains no consensus on the science .
Another expert , Professor Don Easterbrook at Western Washington University 's department of geology , said the federal money " ought to be spent carrying out real research on the climate . "
Easterbrook said most of the federal funds so far have been spent on what he terms " political science , " which aims to find a manmade cause of global warming when there are any number of ways to investigate the causes of temperature change .
These are political motivations rather than purely scientific reasons , he said .
" This is a travesty , " he told FoxNews.com .
But other scientists applauded the proposed boost in federal money for climate research .
" Funding for neglected basic research in geophysics , climate , and allied sciences is welcome , " said Dallas C. Kennedy , a physicist with a doctorate from Stanford University .
Kennedy believes those fields have seen dwindling resources in recent years , and money spent on them will yield better science .
The administration 's proposed changes include the creation of a new federal agency that will serve as a clearinghouse for climate - change data and resources .
U.S. Commerce Secretary Gary Locke explained the potential benefits , saying " we'll discover new technologies , build new businesses and create new jobs . "
Howard Hayden , a professor of physics at the University of Connecticut who runs a newsletter called The Energy Advocate , said he believes good data has been gleaned from 20 years of global warming research .
" The data collection is useful and necessary , " he said .
Another scientist , Dr. Mitchell Taylor of the department of geography at Lakehead University in Thunder Bay , Ont. , said funding priorities for the federal government need to be reshaped .
There should be an " independent reconciliation " of the climate - change data that has been researched by the government and private institutions , he told FoxNews.com .
He is calling for an independent body of experts -- including critics of the global warming hypothesis -- to sort through all the conflicting research .
What 's more , he said , the government should re-frame research to look critically at the global warming hypothesis in light of the recent data and " investigate in a fair and balanced manner alternative explanations for climate change . "
What , exactly , will the American taxpayer get for its global warming research dollars ?
The EPA is spending $ 43 million to implement the greenhouse - gas reporting rule , to perform regulatory work for the largest stationary sources of greenhouse gases , and to develop new standards for cars and trucks .
Research being funded at the National Science Foundation seeks to promote " discoveries needed to inspire societal actions leading to environmental and economic sustainability , " according to an agency statement .
The NSF 's portfolio for global warming will reach $ 766 million .
NSF and EPA spokesmen in Washington did not return e-mails requesting additional comment on the increased spending .
But a fact sheet from the White House Office of Management and Budget portrays the global warming funding as part of the Obama administration 's new jobs - creation policy , which aims at making the U.S. " the world leader in developing the clean energy technologies that will lead to the industries and jobs of tomorrow . "
Last year 's budget provided $ 2.0 billion for the climate science program , a figure that does n't include the half a billion in stimulus money that the White House directed to global warming , as Obama 's science adviser recently told Congress .
" Investments in climate science over the past several decades have contributed to an improved understanding of the global climate , " said John Holdren , director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy , in testimony before a House committee .
Bryan Murphy and Sueanne Lee contributed to this report .
New statistics reveal sheep and lamb numbers in Australia have fallen a new low .
The Australian Bureau of Statistics report shows the national flock hit 72.7 million last year , the lowest since 1905 .
Pig numbers also fell five per cent , to 2.3 million .
Meanwhile , wheat and canola plantings increased significantly last year , up 58 per cent and 52 per cent respectively .
The ABS report says good seasonal conditions in 2008 and 2009 encouraged farmers to increase cropping .
The language of violence always presages violence .
I watched it in war after war from Latin America to the Balkans .
The impoverishment of a working class and the snuffing out of hope and opportunity always produce angry mobs ready to kill and be killed .
A bankrupt , liberal elite , which proves ineffectual against the rich and the criminal , always gets swept aside , in times of economic collapse , before thugs and demagogues emerge to play to the passions of the crowd .
I have seen this drama .
I know each act .
I know how it ends .
I have heard it in other tongues in other lands .
I recognize the same stock characters , the buffoons , charlatans and fools , the same confused crowds and the same impotent and despised liberal class that deserves the hatred it engenders .
“ We are ruled not by two parties but one party , ” Cynthia McKinney , who ran for president on the Green Party ticket , told me .
“ It is the party of money and war .
Our country has been hijacked .
And we have to take the country away from those who have hijacked it .
The only question now is whose revolution gets funded . ”
The Democrats and their liberal apologists are so oblivious to the profound personal and economic despair sweeping through this country that they think offering unemployed people the right to keep their unemployed children on their nonexistent health care policies is a step forward .
They think that passing a jobs bill that will give tax credits to corporations is a rational response to an unemployment rate that is , in real terms , close to 20 percent .
They think that making ordinary Americans , one in eight of whom depends on food stamps to eat , fork over trillions in taxpayer dollars to pay for the crimes of Wall Street and war is acceptable .
They think that the refusal to save the estimated 2.4 million people who will be forced out of their homes by foreclosure this year is justified by the bloodless language of fiscal austerity .
The message is clear .
Laws do not apply to the power elite .
Our government does not work .
And the longer we stand by and do nothing , the longer we refuse to embrace and recognize the legitimate rage of the working class , the faster we will see our anemic democracy die .
The unraveling of America mirrors the unraveling of Yugoslavia .
The Balkan war was not caused by ancient ethnic hatreds .
It was caused by the economic collapse of Yugoslavia .
The petty criminals and goons who took power harnessed the anger and despair of the unemployed and the desperate .
They singled out convenient scapegoats from ethnic Croats to Muslims to Albanians to Gypsies .
They set in motion movements that unleashed a feeding frenzy leading to war and self - immolation .
There is little difference between the ludicrous would - be poet Radovan Karadzic , who was a figure of ridicule in Sarajevo before the war , and the moronic Glenn Beck or Sarah Palin .
There is little difference between the Oath Keepers and the Serbian militias .
We can laugh at these people , but they are not the fools .
We are .
The longer we appeal to the Democrats , who are servants of corporate interests , the more stupid and ineffectual we become .
Sixty - one percent of Americans believe the country is in decline , according to a recent NBC News / Wall Street Journal poll , and they are right .
Only 25 percent of those polled said the government can be trusted to protect the interests of the American people .
If we do not embrace this outrage and distrust as our own it will be expressed through a terrifying right - wing backlash .
“ It is time for us to stop talking about right and left , ” McKinney told me .
“ The old political paradigm that serves the interests of the people who put us in this predicament will not be the paradigm that gets us out of this .
I am a child of the South .
Janet Napolitano tells me I need to be afraid of people who are labeled white supremacists but I was raised around white supremacists .
I am not afraid of white supremacists .
I am concerned about my own government .
The Patriot Act did not come from the white supremacists , it came from the White House and Congress .
Citizens United did not come from white supremacists , it came from the Supreme Court .
Our problem is a problem of governance .
I am willing to reach across traditional barriers that have been skillfully constructed by people who benefit from the way the system is organized . ”
We are bound to a party that has betrayed every principle we claim to espouse , from universal health care to an end to our permanent war economy , to a demand for quality and affordable public education , to a concern for the jobs of the working class .
And the hatred expressed within right - wing movements for the college - educated elite , who created or at least did nothing to halt the financial debacle , is not misplaced .
Our educated elite , wallowing in self - righteousness , wasted its time in the boutique activism of political correctness as tens of millions of workers lost their jobs .
The shouting of racist and bigoted words at black and gay members of Congress , the spitting on a black member of the House , the tossing of bricks through the windows of legislators ’ offices , are part of the language of rebellion .
It is as much a revolt against the educated elite as it is against the government .
The blame lies with us .
We created the monster .
When someone like Palin posts a map with cross hairs on the districts of Democrats , when she says “ Do n’t Retreat , Instead — RELOAD ! ” there are desperate people cleaning their weapons who listen .
When Christian fascists stand in the pulpits of megachurches and denounce Barack Obama as the Antichrist , there are messianic believers who listen .
When a Republican lawmaker shouts “ baby killer ” at Michigan Democrat Bart Stupak , there are violent extremists who see the mission of saving the unborn as a sacred duty .
They have little left to lose .
We made sure of that .
And the violence they inflict is an expression of the violence they endure .
These movements are not yet full - blown fascist movements .
They do not openly call for the extermination of ethnic or religious groups .
They do not openly advocate violence .
But , as I was told by Fritz Stern , a scholar of fascism who has written about the origins of Nazism , “ In Germany there was a yearning for fascism before fascism was invented . ”
It is the yearning that we now see , and it is dangerous .
If we do not immediately reincorporate the unemployed and the poor back into the economy , giving them jobs and relief from crippling debt , then the nascent racism and violence that are leaping up around the edges of American society will become a full - blown conflagration .
Left unchecked , the hatred for radical Islam will transform itself into a hatred for Muslims .
The hatred for undocumented workers will become a hatred for Mexicans and Central Americans .
The hatred for those not defined by this largely white movement as American patriots will become a hatred for African - Americans .
The hatred for liberals will morph into a hatred for all democratic institutions , from universities to government agencies to the press .
Our continued impotence and cowardice , our refusal to articulate this anger and stand up in open defiance to the Democrats and the Republicans , will see us swept aside for an age of terror and blood .
It spread to Berkeley after Dr. Winkler bumped into Dr. Elwyn Berlekamp , a professor in the Berkeley math department , at a conference in New Orleans in January .
'' I told him about the problem and next thing I knew he was leaving messages on my hotel phone saying , ' Great problem , have n't gotten it yet , ' then finally , ' I got it , ' '' Dr. Winkler said .
'' I thought , with his knowledge of coding theory , he 'd find that approach , and he did n't disappoint me . ''
Dr. Berlekamp , a coding theory expert , said he figured out the solution to the simplest case in about half an hour , but he saw the coding theory connection only while he was falling asleep that night .
'' If you look at old things that you know from a different angle , sometimes you can't see them , '' he said .
The first thing Dr. Berlekamp saw was that in the three - player case , it is possible for the group to win three - fourths of the time .
Three - fourths of the time , two of the players will have hats of the same color and the third player 's hat will be the opposite color .
The group can win every time this happens by using the following strategy :
Once the game starts , each player looks at the other two players ' hats .
If the two hats are different colors , he passes .
If they are the same color , the player guesses his own hat is the opposite color .
This way , every time the hat colors are distributed two and one , one player will guess correctly and the others will pass , and the group will win the game .
When all the hats are the same color , however , all three players will guess incorrectly and the group will lose .
House rejects Kucinich 's Afghan withdrawal measure
by Perry Bacon Jr .
The House of Representatives on Wednesday overwhelmingly rejected a symbolic resolution calling for the removal of troops from Afghanistan by the end of the year .
The resolution , sponsored by Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - Ohio ) and a group of mainly liberal members who argue the war cannot be won , was defeated 356 to 65 , with only five Republicans and 60 Democrats backing it .
Democratic leaders took up the measure knowing it would not pass , but wanted to give frustrated liberals a chance to register their opposition to the Afghanistan policies of President Obama , who last December announced an increase of 30,000 troops to fight the Taliban and stabilize the government in Afghanistan .
The resolution led to an unusual three - hour debate on war policy , one of the few formal House floor sessions on Afghanistan since the U.S. sent troops there in 2001 following the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks .
Some Republicans passionately praised Obama for his policies on Afghanistan during the debate , while many liberal Democrats angrily denounced the continuing U.S. involvement there , although most refrained from attacking Obama directly .
Neither party 's leadership formally instructed their members to take one side or the other in the debate as they do on most important votes .
" The military escalation cements the path of the United States down the road of previous occupiers that earned Afghanistan its nickname as the ' graveyard of empires , " said Kucinich .
Rep. Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) , one of the most prominent anti-war Republicans , shouted in his speech on the House floor " are we going to do this for 10 more years ?
How long are we going to stay ? "
In another fiery speech , Rep. Patrick Kennedy ( D - R.I. ) criticized the administration 's policy and also slammed the press for largely ignoring the debate on Afghanistan , but " talking about Eric Massa 24/7 on the TV . "
" There is n't a soldier in this country whose laid down their lives for our nation that is n't a hero , " said Kennedy .
" And no one in here disagrees with that .
What is shameful is our policy that puts them in harm 's way when they do n't need to be . "
But Howard Berman ( D - Calif. ) , chairman of the House Foreign Affairs committee , warned a withdrawal from Afghanistan would be a " national security disaster " that would allow the Taliban to gain strength , an argument many Republicans made as well .
" In the case of Afghanistan , President Obama has demonstrated great responsibility and a sense of the national security interest of the United States .
He deserves our support , " said Rep. Lincoln Diaz - Balart ( R - Fla . )
The debate is unlikely to impact on American policy in Afghanistan , where more than 6,000 of the new troops Obama requested have already been deployed .
If the House had approved the measure , it was unlikely to see action in the Senate , where opposition to Obama 's policy is more limited .
And while even House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) has expressed little enthusiasm for Obama 's troop increase , Congress is expected to approve a $ 33 billion request from the administration to fund that policy over the next months , as lawmakers are loath to oppose troop - funding bills .
By this summer , when the troop surge is scheduled to be complete , about 100,000 U.S. troops will be in Afghanistan .
Eamonn Daniel Higgins spent seven years attending college .
Between 2002 and 2009 , he attended 10 different schools in Southern California , including Cal State Los Angeles , Irvine Valley College and Santa Monica College , according to federal prosecutors .
During that time , he studied sociology , marketing , English , business and math .
The problem was that Higgins had n’t registered for any of the courses , authorities said .
Rather , dozens of foreign students -- mostly from the Middle East -- were paying him to sit in class , take exams and write papers for them so their student visas would remain valid , according to a charging document filed in the case .
Students paid up to $ 1,500 for course assignments and finals and up to $ 1,000 for English and writing proficiency exams , the document said .
Investigators with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement said the demand was so great that he hired employees , including a blond woman who they believe posed as an Middle Eastern man to take a test .
Agents are continuing to investigate the case and believe Higgins had several co-conspirators .
On Monday , Higgins , 46 , pleaded not guilty in federal court in Santa Ana to conspiracy to commit visa fraud .
During the brief hearing , Higgins told the judge he was n’t working .
He faces up to five years in federal prison if convicted .
San Francisco - Twelve years after the passage of the controversial Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) , the law continues to stymie fair use , free speech , scientific research , and legitimate competition .
A new report from the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) collects reported examples of abuses of the DMCA and the ongoing harm the law continues to inflict on consumers , scientists , and small businesses .
The U.S. Copyright Office is currently mulling proposed exemptions to the DMCA 's ban on " circumventing " digital rights management ( DRM ) and " other technical protection measures " used to restrict access to copyrighted works .
The Copyright Office is empowered to grant exemptions to the law every three years to mitigate the harms that DRM otherwise would impose on legitimate , non-infringing uses of copyrighted materials .
The triennial Copyright Office rulemaking , however , has not been enough to prevent abuses of the DMCA .
EFF 's report details the numerous harms stemming from the DMCA 's ban on circumventing DRM , including Apple 's attempts to lock down the iPhone and force users into its App Store .
Also new in this year 's report is the account of hobbyists threatened by Texas Instruments for blogging about potential modifications to the company 's programmable graphing calculators as well as the story behind the legal attacks on Real DVD and other products that create innovative new ways for consumers to enjoy DVD content they have legitimately purchased .
" The DMCA 's ban on tampering with digital locks on content is a dangerous anachronism , a holdover from a time when people thought DRM could solve all of Hollywood 's problems , " said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Fred von Lohmann .
" The DMCA 's ban on bypassing DRM has failed to stem digital copyright infringement , but it has unfortunately been repurposed as a cudgel to threaten legitimate research and competitors . "
Among the DMCA exemption requests currently before the Copyright Office are three from EFF .
One asks for an exemption for amateur creators who use excerpts from DVDs in order to create new , noncommercial remix videos .
Another would explicitly exempt cell phone " jailbreaking , " allowing iPhones and other handsets to run applications from any source .
EFF 's third proposal asks for a renewal of an exemption previously granted for unlocking cells phones so they can be used with any mobile carrier .
A final decision on these and other requests is expected from the Copyright Office within the next few weeks .
For " Unintended Consequences : Twelve Years Under the DMCA " :
http://www.eff.org/wp/unintended-consequences-under-dmca
For more on EFF 's exemption requests :
http://www.eff.org/cases/2009-dmca-rulemaking
Contact :
Fred von Lohmann
Senior Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
fred@eff.org
CHICAGO – “ Illinois is broke .
Failure to act will cause obscene and immoral cuts in aid to education and human services .
Shame on every elected official who refuses to lead us through this terrible crisis , ” warned Maria Whelan , director of Illinois Action for Children .
Whelan joined 245 other women leaders representing civic , political , trade union , religious and advocacy organizations March 15 who jointly issued a call for urgent budget and tax reform to avoid catastrophic cuts to human services and massive layoffs across the state .
Illinois faces a $ 13.8 billion deficit brought on by the economic crisis and one of the most regressive tax systems in the nation .
The leaders were marking Women ’s History Month by sending a letter to Gov. Quinn and the state legislative demanding action .
They were specifically responding to Gov. Pat Quinn ’s budget proposal , which includes $ 2 billion in spending cuts , including $ 1.2 billion in cuts to primary and secondary education .
Quinn called for an across the board tax rate hike of 1 % to cover the education cuts , which he said would result in the layoff of 17,000 teachers .
Quinn also proposed nearly $ 5 billion in borrowing to cover the budget gap , which he termed a crisis of “ epic proportions . ”
“ We can no longer wait , ” said Kathy Ryg of Voices for Illinois Children .
“ We have come to agree on the size of the problem – the state has a $ 7.5 billion revenue shortfall and over $ 6 billion in unpaid bills – and a framework for dealing with it . ”
The women leaders reiterated the cuts would devastate the most vulnerable populations especially seniors , the disabled , the poor and single parent families .
These service cuts and the thousands of workers who labor long hours at often times low pay will disproportionately impact women .
Nancy Shier of the Ounce of Prevention Fund noted the ongoing budget crisis and non-payment of bills is already having a huge impact .
Early education programs across the state have received no funding since October and many have shut down mid-year .
Layoff notices are already being sent for next year ’s programs .
The budget will cut 40 % from mental health programs .
The women and their organizations belong to the Responsible Budget Coalition , a statewide alliance of labor , human service , religious and community organizations who are supporting budget and tax reform and have united around passage of HB 174 that would raise the personal and corporate tax rate while raising the earned income tax credit to protect low income workers .
Since 2010 is an election year , Democratic legislative leaders are fearful of enacting a tax increase without Republican support .
The Republican candidate for governor , Bill Brady , has called for a 10 % across the board budget cut and cuts in taxes .
This proposal has been widely criticized , including by many in his own party .
Rich Whitney , Green Party candidate for governor , has proposed progressive tax reform he says will bring in $ 16 billion a year .
Whitney ’s plan would increase tax rates but would also provide greater protections to workers and low - income families through the creation of a Family Tax credit and by tripling the Earned Income Tax Credit .
It also includes a “ financial transaction tax ” on speculative trading .
“ The human costs will be tremendous if we fail to act , ” said Anne Ladky , executive director of Women Employed , one of the signers of the call .
“ We are talking about destroying an infrastructure of human services , early education , and higher education that will put this state at an economic disadvantage for decades to come . ”
“ This gathering is the tip of a mighty iceberg moving toward Springfield .
We will not be silent , we will be heard , ” said Whelan .
Photo : Anne Ladky of Women Employed joins with other women to issue a call for urgent action on the state budget crisis .
John Bachtell / PW
If you want to accelerate your guitar playing quickly and easily ... try the Guitar Coach Academy ...
The federal " special vaccine court " ruled Friday that parents who said their children 's autism was caused by a preservative did not prove their case and are not entitled to compensation .
The cases , brought by the children 's parents , all alleged that vaccines containing thimerosol , a mercury preservative , caused or contributed to autism spectrum disorders in their children .
Thousands of parents of children with autism have filed petitions seeking compensation from the Department of Health and Human Services ' Vaccine Injury Compensation Program , a federal program intended to compensate victims of injuries caused by vaccines , since 2001 .
A panel of " special masters " began hearing three test cases in 2007 brought by parents of children with autism who also had said vaccines caused the disorder in their children .
In February 2009 , a special court ruled that no link between autism and certain early childhood vaccines could be proven based on evidence presented in the three cases brought in 2007 .
Read full CNN.com story
One of the most common weed killers in the world , atrazine , causes chemical castration in frogs and could be contributing to a worldwide decline in amphibian populations , a study published Monday showed .
Researchers compared 40 male control frogs with 40 male frogs reared from hatchlings until full sexual maturity , in atrazine concentrations similar to those experienced year - round in areas where the chemical is found .
ADVERTISEMENT
Ninety percent of the male frogs exposed to atrazine had low testosterone levels , decreased breeding gland size , feminized laryngeal development , suppressed mating behavior , reduced sperm production and decreased fertility .
And an alarming finding of the study was that the remaining 10 percent of atrazine - exposed male frogs developed into females that copulated with males and produced eggs .
The larvae that developed from those eggs were all male , according to the study by researchers at the University of California at Berkeley , which was published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) .
Earlier studies have found that atrazine feminized zebra fish and leopard frogs and caused a significant decline in sperm production in male salmon and caiman lizards .
“ Atrazine exposure is highly correlated with low sperm count , poor semen quality and impaired fertility in humans , ” the study said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Atrazine is widely used by farmers around the world as a weed - and grass - killer , particularly in production of corn , sorghum and sugar cane .
According to the Washington - based Natural Resources Defense Council , the chemical herbicide has been banned in the European Union , although advocates for atrazine , who say the weed - killer increases crop yields , say only some European countries have banned it .
The US Environmental Protection Agency said four years ago that there was insufficient data to determine whether the chemical herbicide affects amphibian development and refused to ban the chemical .
ADVERTISEMENT
Around 80 million pounds of atrazine are applied annually to crop fields in the United States alone , and half a million pounds of the herbicide fall to earth in rainfall in the United States , including in areas hundreds of miles from the farmland where it was originally applied , the study says .
“ Atrazine can be transported more than 1,000 kilometers ( 620 miles ) from the point of application via rainfall and , as a result , contaminates otherwise pristine habitats , even in remote areas where it is not used , ” the study says .
An unofficial world record for the largest dodgeball game was set Feb. 5 when 1,200 people participated in a game at the University of Alberta .
Seen any other recent videos on the Web we should know about ?
Drop us a note .
Ask the MB : What 's in the Bag ?
May 15 , 2020 Getting into minimalist casual golfing lately .
Find myself loving the game even more .
Been using Driver , Hybrid , 5 iron , 8 iron , 50 , 56 , 60 , and putter .
What ’s your set looking like these days ?
— Jack A : Jack , depending on the size of your bag , with only 8 clubs they could each follow CDC social distancing guidelines .
Very responsible !
Glad you 're loving the game more than ever , but without a 3 - iron how do you punch out from the woods ?
Or keep something beneath branches ?
We 'd be lost without it .
Anyhow , to answer your question , here 's what 's in the bag , with occasional tasting notes : Driver : Cleveland Classic 8.5°
Before Cleveland temporarily stopped making drivers in 2014 , their masterpiece was the Cleveland Classic , the closest titanium has ever come to persimmon .
You can still track this down on eBay .
3 - wood : Titleist 906F2 15° 3 - PW : Mizuno MP -18
We 're Mizuno forged blade connoisseurs and this is the best set they 've ever created .
Almost too beautiful to actually use .
Now that they 're onto the not - as - good MP - 20s , you can find them for ~ $ 600 .
52 , 56 , 60 : Titleist Vokey Spin Milled Putter : Ping Anser 3
Every year a bunch of goofy putters appear on the market , get Golf Digest gold listed , and disappear about as fast .
We just stick with an icon , understanding that there is no $ 300 fix for pulls , pushes , the yips , and leaving anything low .
filed under : archaism
golf
ask the MB
Nothing Got Between Bob Ross and His Calvins April 29 , 2020 We 've binged McMillions , Curb Your Enthusiasm ( Season 10 ) , Wild Wild Country , Lorena , Chernobyl , Ozark ( Season 3 ) , How To Fix a Drug Scandal , and the 2010 Green Bay Packer season .
But these were mere sprints .
We 've embarked on a marathon : the complete Bob Ross oeuvre . 31 seasons . 13 episodes each .
By our math that works out to roughly 200 hours of happy clouds , friendly trees , and mistakes happy accidents .
One thing we were not expecting to see : Bob Ross in designer jeans .
Season 4 , Episode 6 , at 20:29 .
Warm Summer Day . filed under : pandemic
celebrities
calvin klein
Elbow Bump Etiquette : Handshake Rules Still Apply March 16 , 2020 LHC Group 's Bruce Greenstein attempts elbow bump with President Donald Trump during a news conference about the coronavirus in the Rose Garden at the White House , Friday , March 13 , 2020 , in Washington .
Now that the traditional handshake is on hold and the elbow bump is in ( except for the most aggressively ignorant buffoons ) , here 's how we suggest you do it :
Make it firm . —
We 're not talking the force of an NFL forearm bash or that of roided - up '90s MLB power hitters , but pressure should be applied .
A mere elbow tap is the handshake equivalent of a wet dishrag .
Eyes .
Always the eyes . —
Once your elbows have embraced , look the other person directly in the eye .
If he reciprocates , you know you 've found a man you can do business with .
If not , he 's probably a crook .
Earlier : Historically Bad Handshakes : John McEnroe filed under : etiquette
celebrities
pandemic
Corey Lewandowski's New Flag Pin is Causing Spinal Misalignment September 18 , 2019 Lewindowski in May , with normal spinal alignment
As recently as May Corey Lewandowski sported a sort - of - normally - sized flag pin .
Yesterday in front of Congress he literally doubled down , and this new pin's weight is affecting his posture and spine angle .
Ease up on the patriotism , Cory !
Your health depends on it !
filed under : 2020
accessories
toolbag
Vanity Sized August 26 , 2019 Note to our 6 ' 3 " president :
Go stand by Abe or Macron , not a 6 ' 2 " prime minister !
Trump 's height claim is as audacious as Levi's and Uniqlo gaslighting us into believing we 're a 32 " waist .
filed under : 2020
trump
toolbag
uniqlo
levis
De-Mock the Vote June 25 , 2019
Like most people who do n't live in Oregon — and probably most who do — we do n't pay a lot of attention to Oregon politics .
But Brian Boquist , the Republican state senator who recently persuaded 11 of his GOP colleagues to desert their home state and go underground in Idaho to avoid voting on a climate change bill , has caught our eye .
Boquist 's behavior is simply unconscionable — and of course we 're talking about his alarming allegiance to mock turtlenecks .
He wears them on the Senate floor , for LinkedIn Glamour Shots , in court , and when threatening to shoot Oregon state troopers .
You can bet the farm he 's mocking in his Idaho safe house , too .
We 're not even sure Tiger Woods is so passionate about rocking a mock .
Obviously , Mr. Boquist is a bad legislator and a bad human being .
But what does it say about our own humanity if we do n't intervene in such an extreme case ?
Must one see eye - to - eye on everything — or anything — to be the beneficiary of sound menswear advice ?
Maybe if Mr. Boquist did n't look like such a toolbag all the time he would n't act like such a toolbag all the time .
If there 's anything we still believe in strongly after all these years , it 's that clothes make the man .
And let 's face it .
When co2 levels cross the 450 ppm threshold , even Mr. Woods is going to have to ditch his mock on those really hot January nights .
Thus , in an act of mercy and bi-partTIEsanship , we are reaching out to Mr. Boquist and offering him a lifetime supply of ties .
All he has to do is supply the shirts , vote when he 's supposed to vote , and not threaten any state troopers .
filed under : mock turtleneck
celebrities
2020
toolbag
ties
MB Build Part 5 : Shoes May 23 , 2019
If our math is right , we 've spent just $ 911 of someone else 's money ( from a $ 2 K budget ) , creating 64 wardrobe combinations for our client ( Dave ) to wear before a repeat .
Considering days off for Thanksgiving and XMAS / NY , that about covers an entire F/ W workday season !
This economization was intentional , so we can go apeshit on shoes .
They 're the most important element of style , and even in our post - dress shoe , sneakerized world the cliche holds : shoes make the man .
Additionally , according to research done by Allen Edmunds , they also make it easier to get a date .
The Keepers 1 . Pantofola d'Oro Suede Sneakers .
$ 213 .
PdO has been making shoes in central Italy since 1886 and made understated sneakers for years before Common Projects and their copycats came on the scene .
This minimal grey suede version works very well with the uniform .
2 . Maison Margiela " Replica " Suede and Leather Sneakers .
$ 470 .
The most signature item to date , these MMs are nearly 25 % of the client 's overall budget , which is still a value given their sartorial punch .
They also may get Dave laid .
See how both pair look with the rest of the uniform in the updated Dresserizer .
Spoiler alert : Awesome !
We Threw These Back .
Er , Sort Of .
You may recall the client 's creative brief called for an " urban landed gentry " look .
That sort of went out the window when he settled on Levi 's 505s , but we gave it a nod with the purchase of these made - in - the - UK Alexander Smith sneakers .
They turned out to be a wee bit too adventurous for our client , so we kept them .
Now we 're investing more of our own budget into Alexander Smith .
Budget Update
As noted above , $ 911 has been spent on clothes , and now $ 683 on shoes , bringing the total to $ 1594 , including all shipping and returns .
That leaves us with $ 406 for accessories , which are the last part of the build , and is coming up next .
Asset Allocation
This is where we 're at , and likely what we recommend for you , too .
filed under : barneys
yoox
sneakers
Editor ’s Notes
Tredmond@sfbg.com
The crowd protesting at San Francisco ’s Civic Center March 4 had a different demographic than we ’re used to .
There were families , moms and dads with their kids .
A lot of the people there do n’t demonstrate and protest on a regular basis ; they have jobs and families and can barely keep up with their day - to - day responsibilities .
I know the drill .
But they were out in the streets because they ’re furious at what ’s happening to public education in California  and they should be .
It ’s criminal .
The state is headed for the very bottom , and at this rate we ’ll soon have the worst - funded public schools in America .
And a gem of a state higher education system is on its way to becoming a set of overpriced , second - rate institutions .
And now everyone who stood up to be counted last week needs to take the next step and support the only solution that will actually work .
It ’s called raising taxes .
California ’s more than $ 20 billion in the hole .
There ’s money going to waste , plenty of it .
We could release every prisoner doing time on drug charges and save a few billion .
But even that would n’t be enough to save the education system .
We all knew , or should have known , back in 1978 , when Proposition 13 passed , that this day was coming .
When you cut off the main source of revenue for schools  local property taxes  and rely on state funding , and the state Legislature can’t raise new revenue without a two - thirds vote , which means a handful of troglodyte Republicans can prevent it , this kind of crisis is inevitable .
So some intense , ongoing political action has to come out of the exciting and wonderful Day of Action .
And if it ’s going to make a difference , the action has to take place on three fronts .
1 . We ’ve got to get rid of the two - thirds majority requirement .
There ’s a ballot initiative circulating now that would do that .
2 . We ’ve got to amend Prop. 13 . Assembly Member Tom Ammiano is pushing for a split - roll , to tax commercial property at a higher rate .
That ’s an excellent start .
3 . We ’ve got to push local government to raise taxes  right here at home  to help fund schools and public services .
That means pushing Mayor Gavin Newsom , who loves to crow about education , to work with the supervisors on some major new revenue measures .
Either that or we let the politicians point fingers and blame each other .
And the schools fall apart .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 March 11
Yukon Aurora with Star Trails
Image Credit & Copyright : Yuichi Takasaka / TWAN / www.blue-moon.ca
Explanation : Fixed to a tripod , a camera can record graceful trails traced by stars as planet Earth rotates on its axis .
But at high latitudes during March and April , it can also capture an aurora shimmering in the night .
In fact , the weeks surrounding the equinox , in both spring and fall , offer a favorable season for aurora hunters .
The possibilities are demonstrated in this beautiful moonlit vista from northwestern Canadian territory the Yukon .
It was taken during the early morning of March 1 , off the Klondike Highway about 60 kilometers south of Dawson City .
To compose the picture , many short exposures were digitally combined to follow the concentric star trail arcs while including the greenish auroral curtains also known as the northern lights .
The incomparable Olga Nunes has released the latest and greatest iteration of the net ’s appreciation for Discovery Channel ’s “ Boom - De - Yadda ” commercial .
– BOING BOING
We Love XKCD is a song and video based on an xkcd comic based on a Discovery Channel commercial based on an old boyscout song .
… it ’s less complicated than it sounds , and infinitely more silly .
Starring an array of humans from , well , basically the entire internet , this project was born out of a “ what if … ” conversation with Elaine Doyle .
From there , a song was recorded , emails were sent , and a ridiculously whimsical geek fest ensued .
( Keep an eye out for puppets and the illustrious Neil Gaiman on a trampoline .
Videos below . )
Adeola Whitney , executive director for Playworks in the Newark area , said that the recess coaches used a playbook with hundreds of games and gave students a say in what they do .
“ It ’s not rigid in any way , and it certainly allows for their creativity , ” Ms. Whitney said .
“ In some cases , we ’re teaching children how to play if they ca n’t go to the park because it ’s drug - infested , or their parents ca n’t afford to send them to activities . ”
Each school pays Playworks $ 23,500 a year to run a recess program — Broadway Elementary is using a grant from Covanta Energy , which owns a waste - to - energy plant in Newark — and the rest of the expenses for training , equipment , after - school activities and field trips are covered through the nonprofit ’s grants and donations .
It is not just about fun and games .
At University Heights Charter School in Newark , another of New Jersey ’s eight Playworks programs , students have learned to settle petty disputes , like who had the ball first or who pushed whom , not with fists but with the tried and true rock - paper - scissors .
“ Recess used to end with bad feelings that would continue to play out in the first 20 minutes of class , ” said Misha Simmonds , the charter school ’s executive director .
“ Instead of recess being a refreshing time , it took away from readiness to learn . ”
Ms. Parker , 28 , the coach at Broadway Elementary , had worked as a counselor for troubled teenagers in a group home in Burlington , N.C. Besides her work at recess , she visits each class once a week to play games that teach lessons about cooperation , sportsmanship and respect .
“ These are the things that matter in life : who you are as a human being at the core , ” she said .
Broadway Elementary , with 367 students in kindergarten to fourth grade , rises above a rough - hewn industrial neighborhood in the North Ward .
Nearly all the students are black or Hispanic , and poor enough to qualify for free or reduced - price lunches .
Washington ( CNN ) --
Americans overwhelmingly believe that the government is broken , according to a national poll released Sunday .
But the CNN / Opinion Research Corp. survey also indicates that the public overwhelmingly holds out hope that what 's broken can be fixed .
Eighty - six percent of people questioned say that the system of government is broken , with 14 percent saying no .
i Report :
What one government program would you eliminate ?
Of the 86 percent , 81 percent say that the government can be fixed , but 5 percent say it 's beyond repair .
The percentage of Americans who believe the government is broken has increased by eight points since 2006 .
Full results ( pdf )
" That increase is highest among higher - income Americans and people who live in rural areas , " said Keating Holland , CNN polling director .
" Maybe it 's just a coincidence , but those are the groups that make up the bulk of the Tea Party activists today . "
Poll shows demographics of Tea Party activists
The CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted February 12 - 15 , with 1,023 adult Americans questioned by telephone .
The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points .
CNN deputy political director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .
Do you ever get bored of your own town ?
How about packing up all your stuff and moving to your very own town ?
This could be your once - in - a - lifetime opportunity to rename a town after yourself !
Of course , the move would involve relocating to Latvia , and you ’ll need to bring a decent chunk of cash along with you , but bidding has opened to find a new owner for the former top secret Russian military town of Skrunda - 1 .
Bids start at 150,000 Lats ( about $ 290,000 USD ) .
The winning bidder will become the owner of the entire town – including 5 million square feet of land , 10 apartment buildings , two nightclubs , a shopping center , a child care center , a sauna , and of course a variety of abandoned military buildings .
The radar facilities were sadly destroyed , so anyone thinking of starting their own secret missile base will need to find somewhere else .
The town has been abandoned since 1999 , so you ’ll need to make a couple of trips to the local equivalent of Home Depot to fix things up .
% Gallery - 13474 %
Word to the wise , guys :
Give a girl the eye and you might not just be committing an unwanted advance ; you might be denting the co-ed 's capacity for cognition .
So say a pair of psychologists trying to prove the feminist theory that the experience of being sexually " objectified " overburdens the female brain .
In a paper recently published in the European Journal of Social Psychology , researchers Robin K. Gay and Emanuele Castano set out to document the detrimental effect of women being on the receiving end of appraising glances ....
A French archaeological team digging at Saqqara has discovered the burial chamber of 6th Dynasty Queen Behenu , wife of either Pepi I or Pepi II .
The burial chamber was revealed while the team was cleaning the sand from Behenu 's pyramid in the area of el - Shawaf in South Saqqara , west of the pyramid of King Pepi I .
The burial chamber uncovered by the French mission is badly damaged , apart from two inner walls which contain engraved Pyramid Texts .
Those texts were widely used in royal tombs – carved on walls as well as sarcophagi - during the 5th and 6th Dynasties ( circa 2465-2150 BC ) .
Pyramid
Texts are religious texts composed of spells primarily concerned with protecting the king 's remains , reanimating his body after death , and helping him ascend to the heavens .
The spells delineate all of the ways the king could travel through the afterlife , including ramps , stairs , ladders , and most importantly , flight .
The spells could also be used to call on the gods for help , even threatening them if they did not comply .
Unlike the Book of the Dead , these Old Kingdom texts were not illustrated .
Dr. Philippe Collombert , who heads the mission , said that further excavation inside the burial chamber led the team to the queen 's sarcophagus .
He adds that although the sarcophagus is in good condition , it still stays unclear if this queen was the wife of Pepi I or Pepi II : " It is a well - preserved granite sarcophagus engraved with the queen 's different titles , but says nothing about the identity of her husband " .
It 's time that we take a stand as citizens .
And it's also time to force Congress to take it 's Constitutional responsibility seriously .
Article 1 , Section 8 requires that Congress has the war - making power .
It is absolutely imperative that Congress be required to assert it 's responsibility on behalf of the American people .
Congress is directly elected by the people .
And Congress has to respond and step up to it 's responsibility to decide if we 're going to stay at war in Afghanistan .
And so , soon , I will bring to the Floor of the House a Privileged Resolution which will force a vote as to whether or not we stay in Afghanistan .
I ask your support for this Resolution .
I ask you to go to that page on our website where you can sign - in and pledge your support to the effort to get out of Afghanistan ; and where you can circulate far - and - wide the petitions that will enable us to be able to build a rising , civic movement for peace and social justice in America .
Money for war :
Is n't it time that we demanded that the resources of our country be used to create the society that we know that we 're capable of building .
Thank you very much .
Dennis
Airline Virgin Blue has blamed an IT system error for accidentally upgrading ineligible members of its Velocity rewards program to “ gold ” status .
An unknown number of customers received an email this evening saying : “ We ’ve got a treat for you - a free upgrade to Velocity Gold !
Given you came so close to making it on your own , we wanted to say thanks so much for your ongoing commitment to the Virgin Blue Group , we really love having you around ” .
Gold status allows Virgin Blue Velocity members free access to Virgin Blue lounges , priority check - in at terminals , extra luggage and two personalised baggage tags .
The Velocity website appeared to crash at 6:40 PM AEDST Friday , hinting that a large number of customers had visited the site to find out if the upgrade was true .
An hour later , Virgin Blue issued a correction on its Velocity rewards website .
" Oops !
Due to an error , you may have received an email regarding a Gold upgrade by mistake , " the statement read .
" Please disregard the free upgrade communication .
We apologise for any inconvenience caused . "
The airline also posted to its official Twitter account that Friday the 13th had struck .
A call centre representative from Virgin Blue said that the email was “ a system error ” .
“ IT have advised that we do have a system error , ” the representative said .
“ Right now we do have a lot of phone calls because of this error . "
Virgin members flood Twitter
Before the offer was retracted , hundreds of Twitter users expressed their delight that they had been upgraded to Velocity gold status .
“ I just made Virgin Blue Gold !
Never even saw Silver , ” said Twitter user vbthedog .
But members started wondering if the upgrade was legitimate after other Twitter users started to receive the email as well .
“ I wonder if that is a mistake and everyone who has ever flown virgin blue is now a Gold Member , ” said Twitter user seanpryor .
Velocity member , Ben Haylock , told iTnews he was “ ticked ” off the email was sent in error .
“ I 'm ticked it was an ‘ error ’ , as it contained my membership number [ and ] greeted me by name , ” said Haylock .
“ The least they can do is honour it .
Then again , do I deserve it ? ”
Danu Poyner , another member , told iTnews he was also “ upset ” .
Jodie Miners , another member , said she was “ disappointed ” .
“ The fact that they have n't yet issued another email saying it was an error yet is really not good enough , ” Miners said .
“ At the very least they need to give all affected people a free flight voucher or some form of compensation . "
But Velocity member Shaun Ewing was n't too concerned .
" Does n't really bother me if it is a mistake , " said Ewing .
" I was n't expecting it " .
Did you receive the email ?
Let us know in the comments below or email editors@itnews.com.au .
Permissions :
This work is protected by copyright and may be linked to without seeking permission .
Permission must be received for subsequent distribution in print or electronically .
Please contact mpub-help@umich.edu for more information .
This paper was refereed by the Journal of Electronic Publishing ’s peer reviewers .
Abstract
Increasingly , authors and publishers are freely distributing their books electronically to increase the visibility of their work .
A vital question for those with a commercial stake in selling books is , “ What happens to book sales if digital versions are given away ? ”
We used BookScan sales data for four categories of books ( a total of 41 books ) for which we could identify the date when the free digital versions of the books were made available to determine whether the free version affected print sales .
We analyzed the data on book sales for the eight weeks before and after the free versions were available .
Three of the four categories of books had increased sales after the free books were distributed .
We discuss the implications and limitations of these results .
Introduction
A growing number of authors and publishers freely distribute their books electronically to increase the visibility of their work .
These books , for both academic and general audiences , cover a wide variety of genres , including technology , law , fantasy , and science fiction .
Some authors claim that free digital distribution has increased the impact of their work and their reputations as authors .
[ 1]
But beyond increased exposure , a vital question for those with a commercial stake in selling books is , “ What happens to book sales if digital versions are given away ? ”
One answer may come from the National Academies Press ( NAP ) , which makes the text of all of its publications freely accessible .
“ Consequently , ” reported Michael Jensen , Director of Publishing Technologies at NAP , “ we are very well indexed by search engines . ” [ 2 ]
Jensen wrote that as a result of this indexing they receive many visitors , a small percentage of whom purchase books .
Jensen reported that NAP ’s 1997 publication “ Toxicologic Assessment of the Army ’s Zinc Cadmium Sulfide Dispersion Tests ” had 11,500 online visitors in 2006 .
Those visitors “ browsed approximately four book pages each .
Of those , four bought a print book at $ 45 , and two bought the PDF at $ 37.50 .
So 0.05 % of the visitors to that particular book purchased it , even though they could read every page free online . ” [ 3 ]
Thus , a nine - year - old out - of - print publication that otherwise would likely have been inaccessible was viewed 11,000 times and purchased six times .
The Oriental Institute at the University of Chicago digitally distributes free copies of its books , and recently reported that print sales have not decreased .
Specifically they noted that “ [ a ] fter the complimentary distribution of twenty - one titles in 2008 that had for many years only been available in print , sales of these titles increased by 7 % compared with the previous two years . ” [ 4 ]
The question of how freely distributing an electronic version of a work affects print sales is difficult , if not impossible , to answer experimentally because there is no way to simultaneously release and not release free versions of a book .
It is not possible to determine causation ; nevertheless , the effect of free distribution on print sales is an important issue to examine .
In the present study we explored how free digital book distribution influenced book sales in the short term by examining a series of books that were released in print at one point in time , and then later released in a free digital format .
Our specific question was , “ Are book sales in the eight weeks following a book ’s free digital release different from the eight weeks prior to this release ? ”
Because most books have a pattern of declining sales as time goes by , our assumption was that sales would decrease slightly in the eight weeks following the free release .
Method
We followed the lead of Tim O’Reilly in using Nielsen BookScan to track the data on book sales before and after free versions were available .
[ 5 ]
BookScan tracks point - of - sales data from most major booksellers , meaning that it tracks the number of books actually sold to customers , as opposed to books sold by distributors to retailers .
Notable booksellers that BookScan does not track include Wal - Mart and Sam ’s Club . [ 6 ]
In general , BookScan estimates that it tracks approximately 70 % of all book sales in the United States .
Because BookScan tracks sales by week , we had to exercise some judgment in designating which weeks were “ pre ” and which were “ post . ”
For example , if a free digital version was released on a Friday , some of the sales that week would be when the book was freely available and others would not be .
If the release date of the free version was such that five or more days of the week fell into either a “ pre ” or “ post ” category , we assigned it to that category .
In instances where the free version was released in the middle of week we did not count that week at all in our analysis ; rather we tracked the eight weeks before and after the week the free version was made available .
To protect BookScan ’s proprietary business information , we did not link the sales figures with specific book titles in this paper .
We organized the books we studied into four different groups .
The first group consisted of seven nonfiction books that had digital versions that were released at various times .
The second group consisted of five science fiction / fantasy titles that had digital versions that were released at various times .
The third group consisted of five science fiction / fantasy books that were released together by Random House .
The fourth group consisted of 24 science fiction / fantasy books released by Tor Books .
The Tor group was different from the previous three in that Tor ran a special promotion in which they released a new book each Friday .
The book was available for free download only for one week and only to those who registered for Tor ’s newsletter .
With the other three groups , once a book was released in a free digital format it remained available , at least for several weeks , and in many cases , indefinitely .
It is important to note that some publishers , such as the National Academies Press , allow readers to view only a page at a time , and make the downloading of an entire book difficult .
This was not the case with the specific books we studied .
With two exceptions all of the books were available to be downloaded as entire PDF document .
The two exceptions were Cult of iPod and Cult of Mac .
Rather than making PDF versions of these books available to download from a static site , the author of these two books used BitTorrent to encourage the spread of the book . [ 7 ]
Some books were available free in digital formats beyond PDF .
All of the books released by Random House were available in Stanza , an e-book format commonly used on the iPhone , Kindle , or at Scribd.com , the social publishing site that allows anyone to post a work .
Several of the Tor books were made available in additional formats such as Mobipocket , a format used on some “ smart ” cell phones and personal digital assistants .
At a minimum , all books except the two previously described were available as complete PDF downloads .
Results
Non-Fiction Books
The non-fiction books that we studied were :
Blown to Bits ( Hal Abelson , Ken Ledeen , and Harry Lewis )
( Hal Abelson , Ken Ledeen , and Harry Lewis ) Cultural Software ( Jack Balkin )
( Jack Balkin ) Cult of iPod ( Leander Kahney )
( Leander Kahney ) Cult of Mac ( Leander Kahney )
( Leander Kahney ) The Future of Ideas ( Lawrence Lessig )
( Lawrence Lessig ) Trigger Happy ( Steven Poole )
( Steven Poole ) The Access Principle ( John Willinsky )
Table 1 summarizes the results of the BookScan data for these nonfiction titles .
Table 1 : Sales of Nonfiction Titles Books sales 8 weeks before free digital release Books sales 8 weeks following free digital release Net difference ( post sales–pre sales ) Title 1 33 46 13 Title 2 322 338 16 Title 3 6 17 11 Title 4 13 20 7 Title 5 134 86 – 48 Title 6 115 139 24 Title 7 22 33 11 Total 639 662 34
Science Fiction / Fantasy Books
The science fiction / fantasy books that we studied are : Seaborn ( Chris Howard )
( Chris Howard ) Caught Stealing ( Charlie Huston )
( Charlie Huston ) Magic for Beginners ( Kelly Link )
( Kelly Link ) Spaceman Blues ( Brian Slattery )
( Brian Slattery ) The Crooked Letter ( Sean Williams ) Table 2 summarizes the results of the BookScan data for these science fiction / fantasy titles .
Table 2 : Sales of Fiction Titles Books sales 8 weeks before free digital release Books sales 8 weeks following free digital release Net difference ( post sales–pre sales ) Title 8 45 18 – 27 Title 9 16 12 – 4 Title 10 252 272 20 Title 11 160 163 3 Title 12 40 181 141 Total 513 646 133
Random House Books On March 4 , 2009 , Random
House announced that it was releasing free digital versions of five science fiction / fantasy books .
These books are : Assassin ’s Apprentice ( Robin Hobb )
( Robin Hobb ) His Majesty ’s Dragon ( Naomi Novik )
( Naomi Novik ) Blood Engines ( T.A. Pratt )
( T.A. Pratt ) Red Mars ( Kim Stanley Robinson )
( Kim Stanley Robinson ) Settling Accounts : Return Engagement ( Harry Turtledove ) Because March 4 was a Wednesday , and BookScan tracks sales by weeks , we did not use sales from the week of March 2 – 8 .
Thus the dates of the eight weeks prior to the release of the free versions were January 5 – March 1 , and the dates for the eight weeks after release were March 9 – May 3 .
Table 3 summarizes the results of the BookScan data for these Random House titles .
Table 3 : Sales of Random House Titles Books sales 8 weeks before free digital release Books sales 8 weeks following free digital release Net difference ( post sales–pre sales ) Title 13 316 252 – 64 Title 14 1812 2153 341 Title 15 1612 1677 65 Title 16 413 508 95 Title 17 796 817 21 Total 4949 5407 458
Tor Books
To promote an upcoming website , Tor Books began releasing a series of free e-books on February 15 , 2008 .
To claim the free e-book , readers needed to register for a newsletter that was sent out each week announcing the location of the next free e-book .
Each Friday for the successive 24 weeks a new book was released , and the previous week ’s book was then no longer available .
The books released by Tor were : Mistborn ( Brandon Sanderson )
( Brandon Sanderson ) Old Man ’s War ( John Scalzi )
( John Scalzi ) Spin ( Robert Charles Wilson )
( Robert Charles Wilson ) Farthing ( Jo Walton )
( Jo Walton ) The Outstretched Shadow ( Mercedes Lackey & James Mallory )
( Mercedes Lackey & James Mallory ) Crystal Rain ( Tobias Buckell )
( Tobias Buckell ) Lord of the Isles ( David Drake )
( David Drake ) Through Wolf ’s Eyes ( Jane Lindskold )
( Jane Lindskold ) The Disunited States of America ( Harry Turtledove )
( Harry Turtledove ) Reiffen ’s Choice ( S. C. Butler )
( S. C. Butler ) Sun of Suns ( Karl Schroeder )
( Karl Schroeder ) Four and Twenty Blackbirds ( Cherie Priest )
( Cherie Priest ) Spirit Gate ( Kate Elliot )
( Kate Elliot ) Starfish ( Peter Watts )
( Peter Watts ) Touch of Evil ( C. T. Adams & Cathy Clamp )
( C. T. Adams & Cathy Clamp ) A Shadow in Summer ( Daniel Abraham )
( Daniel Abraham ) Orphans of Chaos ( John Wright )
( John Wright )
In the Garden of Iden ( Kage Baker )
( Kage Baker ) In the Midnight Hour ( Patti O’Shea )
( Patti O’Shea ) Battlestar Galactica ( Jeffrey A. Carver )
( Jeffrey A. Carver ) Flash ( L. E. Modesitt , Jr. )
( L. E. Modesitt , Jr. ) Soul ( Tobsha Learner )
( Tobsha Learner ) Darkness of the Light ( Peter David )
( Peter David ) Three Shadows ( Cyril Pedrosa ) Table 4 summarizes the results of the BookScan data for these books .
Table 4 : Sales of Tor Titles Books sales 8 weeks before free digital release Books sales 8 weeks following free digital release Net difference ( post sales–pre sales ) Title 18 385 260 – 125 Title 19 4,178 2,561 – 1,617 Title 20 2,710 2,645 – 65 Title 21 1,490 1,518 28 Title 22 440 296 – 144 Title 23 1,594 1,445 – 149 Title 24 79 76 – 3 Title 25 240 210 – 30 Title 26 843 735 – 108 Title 27 294 218 – 76 Title 28 77 34 – 43 Title 29 240 152 – 88 Title 30 99 95 – 4 Title 31 1,270 1,096 – 174 Title 32 150 339 189 Title 33 188 136 – 52 Title 34 207 250 43 Title 35 662 695 33 Title 36 137 95 – 42 Title 37 136 106 – 30 Title 38 100 35 – 65 Title 39 75 37 – 38 Title 40 6,211 2,778 – 3,433 Title 41 19 744 725 Total 21,824 16,556 –5,268
Discussion
Perhaps the most significant finding of this study was the contrasting results received by Tor and the other three groups studied .
With one exception , sales of the nonfiction titles increased after a free digital release , and when the sales of the books were combined , sales were up 5 % .
The majority of the fantasy / science fiction books that were not part of a group release also had increased sales , and as a group their sales increased 26 % , largely as a result of “ Title 12 . ”
Four of the five Random House books saw sales gains after the free versions were released ; in total , combined sales of those five books increased 9 % .
These three groups were in contrast to our initial hypothesis that book sales would decline .
Although we cannot say that the free e-books caused sales to increase , a correlation exists between a free e-book and increased print sales .
The results of the Tor book sales were quite different .
Only four of the twenty - four books saw increased sales during the eight weeks after the free version was made available .
Two of these books ( titles 32 and 41 ) both had releases of paperback editions that preceded the free book by only a few weeks .
Thus for the majority of the “ pre ” weeks , a paperback version was not available .
These newly released paperback versions could easily explain why the “ pre ” sales of these titles were less than the “ post ” sales .
The book with the most dramatic pre–post difference ( title 40 ) was released just ten weeks before the free digital version was released .
It is possible that what was measured with this title was the natural decline of book sales over time instead of a result of a free version being made available .
But even when these three books were excluded from the analysis , combined sales of the remaining 21 books decreased 18 % .
Why were the results from Tor so different from the others ?
This question cannot be answered with certainty .
The only thing we know is that Tor ’s model of making the books available for one week only and requiring registration in order to download the book was substantially different from the models used to create free versions of the other books we studied .
Further research is necessary to determine if the Tor results were related to their model of free book distribution , a natural drop in sales , or if other factors account for the decreased sales .
Conclusion
The present study indicates that there is a moderate correlation between free digital books being made permanently available and short - term print sales increases .
However , free digital books did not always equal increased sales .
This result may be surprising , both to those who claim that when a free version is available fewer people will pay to purchase copies , as well as those who claim that free access will not harm sales .
The results of the present study must be viewed with caution .
Although the authors believe that free digital book distribution tends to increase print sales , this is not a universal law .
The results we found cannot necessarily be generalized to other books , nor be construed to suggest causation .
The timing of a free e-book ’s release , the promotion it received and other factors cannot be fully accounted for .
Nevertheless , we believe that this data indicates that when free e-books are offered for a relatively long period of time , without requiring registration , print sales will increase .
Although this article has focused on print sales , it should be noted that in addition to print sales , publishers and authors may have other reasons for releasing free electronic versions .
As Anderson has pointed out , there are many ways to make “ free ” profitable . [ 8 ]
Increasing electronic sales may be an additional motive .
For example , it is possible that Kindle book sales of second and third books in a series increased dramatically when the first book was available for free .
We cannot determine if this happened , because Amazon does not release Kindle book sales figures .
In addition , publishers and authors may have motivations indirectly related to sales .
For example , although Tor may have lost sales as a result of their free e-book promotion , the customer information harvested and the publicity gained may have been more valuable than sales they perhaps lost .
Another factor that we did not analyze was the differences in the size of the audience for the books we studied .
Even within the four groups there were large differences in total sales of specific titles .
Some of the fiction books had sold several hundred thousand copies , others fewer than five thousand .
Future studies might examine relationships between the potential audience for a book and the impact of free digital distribution .
In addition , we did not study how free books affect the sales of other titles by an author .
For example , all the books released by Random House were the first books in a series .
Future analysis needs to be done to determine whether sales of other books by an author ( e.g. , later books in a series ) are influenced by making one of an author ’s works freely available .
As books increasingly become available in digital formats , the effects of free distribution may rapidly change .
The explosive growth of Kindle and other e-book formats could dramatically impact how free distribution affects for - profit sales and even alter the relative importance of print sales .
As the electronic publishing industry matures it will be increasingly important to research the effects of free distribution of electronic books .
John Hilton III received his M.Ed. from the Harvard Graduate School of Education and currently is a Ph.D. student in Instructional Psychology at Brigham Young University .
He is interested in researching open - access issues , particularly the creation and use of open educational resources , and looking at how free digital book distribution affects print sales and the impact of books .
John can be contacted via his website at http://johnhiltoniii.org.
David Wiley is an associate professor of Instructional Psychology and Technology at Brigham Young University .
His previous appointments include the director of the Center for Open and Sustainable Learning , a nonresident fellow of the Center for Internet and Society at Stanford Law School , a National Science Foundation –funded postdoctoral fellow , and a visiting scholar at the Open University of the Netherlands .
He is also the recipient of the National Science Foundation ’s prestigious Young Researcher / CAREER award .
Email : david.wiley@byu.edu
Website : http://opencontent.org
Notes
Mixing it up with , and calling out the mainstream media ...
Brad Friedman Byon 3/26/2010 , 2:10 pm PT
I had the pleasure to appear on San Francisco public radio's " Friday Media Roundtable " on their Your Call program today ( heard on KALW in San Francisco and KUSP in Santa Cruz ) .
Along with the NYT 's massive ACORN " Pimp " Hoax fail , we also discussed and critiqued media coverage of healthcare insurance reform , the latest in the U.S. / Israel diplomacy theatrics , and even a bit on the guilty verdict for Kentucky election officials yesterday .
Joining me on today 's panel , along with host Sandip Roy , were Alex Wayne of Congressional Quarterly and Sherine Tadros of Al Jazeera English .
The audio is posted below , and I believe it's well - worth giving a listen to --- particularly in regard the direct disagreement that Wayne and I got into over the media 's failure ( as I see it , though he did n't ) , to have covered the substance of healthcare insurance legislation , while devoting an inordinate amount of coverage to the politics of that debate instead .
( Continue reading below for more on that , more on how the NYT's Public Editor Clark Hoyt illustrated the very crux of the media 's failure on so many stories of importance to the public , and for the audio of the show itself ) ...
While I did n't get the time to express the point clearly on air , allow me to note here that I was not targeting Wayne 's coverage of healthcare legislation at CQ specifically , since I did n't know , until just before airtime , that he would be on the panel and I 'm not otherwise familiar with his specific work on that beat .
My critique was aimed at the media as a whole , as opposed to Wayne 's work specifically , though I appreciate he may have taken it that way .
I did n't get the opportunity to express that point as clearly as I would have liked on air --- so hopefully this note makes up , at least in part , for that omission .
One point of note that came up as well was the idea of the phony " balance " --- the often absurd he - said - she - said - we - have - no - idea - who 's - telling - the - truth coverage --- that corporate mainstream media feel necessary to offer , without pointing out which of those two ( and only two ! ) sides is actually telling the truth and which one is n't .
By way of an example that I did n't get to bring it up on air , unfortunately , or in my previous coverage of NYT Public Editor Clark Hoyt 's tepid admissions of his , and the paper 's failures on the ACORN " Pimp " Hoax story in his weekend column , here is a perfect example of that failing .
As he wrote in the conclusion to his Sunday column :
To conservatives , Acorn is virtually a criminal organization that was guilty of extensive voter registration fraud in 2008 .
To its supporters , Acorn is a community service organization that has helped millions of disadvantaged Americans by organizing to confront powerful institutions like banks and developers .
Times commenters appropriately excoriated Hoyt for that graf ( and many others --- if you 've not read their comments , please do , as they are very smart , and seem to run about 10 to 1 against Hoyt and the Times ' continuing failures on this story ) .
Here 's the response from just one commenter , " H. Morre " , who took Hoyt to task for the above graf in which Hoyt neatly illustrated so much of how our media is simply failing the public in its mission to inform us of the truth :
I 'm confused - does The Times know which one of these statements is true ?
Or is this more of the faux fair and balanced nonsense ?
WHAT IS THE TRUTH ?
And why has n't the raw video ever been released ?
This would never stand up in a court of law .
What a joke - the media did exactly what they wanted , bankrupt Acorn .
As readers of The BRAD BLOG know , ACORN ( which is an acronym standing for " Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now " and so should be spelled in all CAPS , but never is in the Times ) has never been found to have been " guilty " of voter registration fraud , " extensively " or otherwise .
In fact , the group has been more responsible for making public officials aware of those few workers who had defrauded them by turning in bogus registration forms than likely anybody else .
The Times , and Hoyt , should have made that very clear .
He did n't .
Rather , he offered a false equivalency of what " conservatives " believe versus what ACORN's " supporters " believe , and then left the reader to decide for themselves which is the truth , instead of informing readers as to which one was the truth , since only one of those two sentences is actually , demonstrably , true .
I hope you 'll listen to the hour on Your Call 's Media Roundtable today .
It was a good one !
Here it is .
Download MP3 , or listen online below ...
* * *
ADDENDUM ...
On a related note , I 'm honored to be giving the keynote address at tomorrow 's " Media Reform Summit " sponsored by CA Common Cause here in Los Angeles at Occidental College at 11 am .
I suspect several of the points discussed above will be be a part of my remarks , and of the conference as a whole .
If you 're in the hood , I hope you 'll drop by !
More details here ...
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Peter Warden , a former Apple ( s aapl ) engineer , likes to analyze data — so much so that he started scraping public profiles and photos from hundreds of millions of Facebook accounts about a year ago , and now has data collected from more than 200 million around the world .
He wrote a fascinating post recently on his personal blog about what that data shows about how interconnected ( or disconnected ) users in the various American states are .
The graph below is reprinted from that post , with Warden ’s permission :
[ digg=http://digg.com/tech_news/The_7_Somewhat_United_States_of_Facebook]
In a nutshell , Warden ’s data analysis showed that Facebook users in the U.S. can be roughly segmented into seven regions , which he named facetiously :
Stayathomia :
This belt ’s defining feature is how near most people are to their friends , implying they do n’t move far .
This belt ’s defining feature is how near most people are to their friends , implying they do n’t move far .
Dixie : Like Stayathomia , Dixie towns tend to have links mostly to other nearby cities rather than spanning the country .
Like Stayathomia , Dixie towns tend to have links mostly to other nearby cities rather than spanning the country .
Greater Texas : Unlike Stayathomia , there ’s a definite central city to this cluster , otherwise most towns just connect to their immediate neighbors .
Unlike Stayathomia , there ’s a definite central city to this cluster , otherwise most towns just connect to their immediate neighbors .
Mormonia :
The only region that ’s completely surrounded by another cluster , Mormonia mostly consists of Utah towns that are highly connected to each other , with an offshoot in Eastern Idaho .
The only region that ’s completely surrounded by another cluster , Mormonia mostly consists of Utah towns that are highly connected to each other , with an offshoot in Eastern Idaho .
Nomadic West :
The defining feature of this area is how likely even small towns are to be strongly connected to distant cities ; it looks like the inhabitants have done a lot of moving around the county .
The defining feature of this area is how likely even small towns are to be strongly connected to distant cities ; it looks like the inhabitants have done a lot of moving around the county .
Socalistan : LA is definitely the center of gravity for this cluster .
Almost everywhere in California and Nevada has links to both LA and SF , but LA is usually first .
LA is definitely the center of gravity for this cluster .
Almost everywhere in California and Nevada has links to both LA and SF , but LA is usually first .
Pacifica :
Tightly connected to each other , it does n’t look like Washingtonians are big travelers compared to the rest of the West , even though a lot of them claim to need a vacation .
Of course , Warden ’s data — which he collected in the course of analyzing Facebook profiles and fan pages worldwide for various corporate customers — only reflects what users of Facebook choose to reveal about themselves , and many do n’t include all their friends or other information in their public profiles .
As large as it is , Facebook also still represents only a small slice of the American population , and likely a fairly homogeneous slice at that , although the social network is becoming more cosmopolitan , according to the most recent demographic survey of Facebook users .
Marshall Kirkpatrick has more detail on what Warden is up to in this post .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News
A further two African nations are bidding for ivory sales
Sales of ivory and a possible ban on trading bluefin tuna top the agenda for the two - week CITES meeting that opens this weekend in Doha , Qatar .
CITES - the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species - will set a precedent if it votes to ban trading in a lucrative fish such as bluefin .
The US and EU back the proposal , but Japan is set against .
Conservation groups are also hoping for increased protection on sharks , coral , polar bears , lizards and amphibians .
African disunity
The ivory and tuna issues are both potentially controversial .
This is a key conservation moment - whether the governments here will vote for the conservation of bluefin tuna
Dr Sue Lieberman
Pew Environment Group
Send us your comments International ivory trading was banned in 1989 .
But countries considered to have well - managed stocks of elephants and reliable systems for tracking tusks have three times been allowed to sell consignments from government stockpiles .
Zambia and Tanzania are now seeking permission for a further sale .
But other African nations led by Kenya and Mali want a 20 - year ban on all ivory exports .
They argue that the legal trade stimulates poaching , which has been on the rise in recent years .
" To permit any step towards further trade in ivory makes no sense whatsoever - it flies in the face of every basic conservation principle and is contrary to the agreement made at the last meeting , " said Jason Bell - Leask from the International Fund for Animal Welfare ( Ifaw ) .
However , the organisation Traffic - which is charged with collecting data on illegal elephant killings and ivory smuggling - maintains there is no proof of a link .
The endangered Luristan newt
Enlarge Image
Data from its Elephant Trade Information System ( Etis ) shows that the rate of seizures of illegal ivory began rising well in 2004 , well before the last one - off legal ivory sale was authorised in 2007 .
And the previous one - off sale , in 1999 , co-incided with a fall in seizures .
Etis manager Tom Milliken argues that African governments wanting to stem the rising ivory tide would be better advised to step up enforcement efforts against poachers and traders .
And China , the principal market for illegal ivory , should live up to its promises to act against smuggling gangs , he says .
Otherwise , he says : " Arguments over the impacts of one - off sales will continue to divert attention away from the real problem : finding ways to stop the flow of illicit ivory at source . "
Tuna battles
The chances of CITES voting to ban the international trade in Atlantic bluefin tuna increased markedly during the week when - after months of wrangling - the EU decided to give its support .
The bloc includes several nations with tuna fleets in the Mediterranean , the main fishing ground .
CITES EXPLAINED
Threatened organisms listed on three appendices depending on level of risk Appendix 1 - all international trade banned Appendix 2 - international trade monitored and regulated Appendix 3 - trade bans by individual governments , others asked to assist " Uplisting " - moving organism to a more protective appendix ; " downlisting " - the reverse Conferences of the Parties ( COPs ) held every three years CITES administered by UN Environment Programme ( Unep ) Conservation groups argue that the ban is needed because governments involved in the industry have allowed overfishing to such an extent that the species ' survival is in some doubt .
They also argue that a pause in fishing will eventually lead to higher catches .
" The goal is not to ban trade indefinitely , but to suspend international trade until the species recovers sufficiently to enable international trade to resume , " said Sue Lieberman , director of international policy with the Pew Environment Group .
" This is a key conservation moment - whether the governments here will vote for the conservation of bluefin tuna , or will allow commercial fishery interests to prevail , further causing over - fishing and continued decline of this iconic species , " she told BBC News from Doha .
Japan has indicated that it would opt out of a trade ban , as it is entitled to do under CITES rules .
But if all other tuna fishing countries went along with it , there would be no supply of tuna to import .
Conservation groups are urging the EU and US to make sure that other tuna fishing countries , particularly North African states bordering the Mediterranean , do not opt out .
Skin and teeth
The CITES meeting will also consider a US proposal to ban international trade in items originating from polar bears .
Rapid melting of Arctic sea ice in recent decades has placed the polar bear on the Red List of Threatened Species .
The delicate red and pink corals are highly prized by jewellers About 2,000 items are traded internationally each year , including skin , skulls , teeth and claws .
Although this is not considered to be the major threat to the species ' survival , the US feels that the trade ban would be a help , and would not intrude on the rights of Arctic indigenous peoples with a history of hunting polar bears for meat and skin .
Other proposals would see trade banned in a number of reptiles and amphibians , including three iguanas from Mexico and the critically endangered Luristan newt of Iran .
Four species of shark are also up for consideration , as are the red and pink Corallium corals from the Mediterranean that are used in the jewellery trade .
Richard .
Black -INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Recently , our partners over at TheCarConnection.com posted an article on the Best and Worst cities for auto - repair gouging .
It seems like in today ’s society auto repairs would be becoming more standardized since every new car requires being hooked up to some electronic device to diagnosis it .
However , the AutoMD study found that this is n’t true , repairs across the U.S. vary significantly .
The benchmark repair used for the study was replacing the front brake pads on a Ford Focus .
As you might imagine , the parts are easy to come by and the repair should be straightforward .
The results of the study found that the repair prices nationally varied by some $ 485 with some shops in the same area costing three to four times more than that of others .
What is even more distressing , especially for car owners who do n’t know much about cars in general , is that more than half of the shops polled did n’t stand by their original quote .
The five best cities include , Memphis , Jacksonville , Omaha , San Antonio , and Austin .
The five worst cities were cited as being Chicago , Honolulu , Albuquerque , Washington D.C. , and Raleigh .
Needless to say if you live in any of the five worst cities , you might need to shop around for the best deal or find a good mechanic friend .
Check out the full details over at TheCarConnection.com and take a look at the entire list with prices and percentages for all 50 cities that were a part of the study .
Editor ’s Note : For Opening Day in Baseball , we wanted to revisit this Gunaxin Classic from 2010 .
Does this list still hold up , or are there some new entries to the list ?
Let us know in the comments .
Spring Training is upon us , which means there ’s a fresh injection of baseball video games about to line shelves .
Will Sony ’s MLB 10 The Show carry on its dominance of 2 K Sports ’ offerings despite a complete overhaul for MLB 2K10 ?
Regardless of your preference for next generation baseball gaming , if you ’re the type of gamer or sports fan that ca n’t make it through the dog days of summer without a proper baseball video game then you ’re in the right place .
It ’s baseball video games , a retrospective .
Here are your Top 10 Baseball Video Games :
10 Pete Rose Baseball Absolute – Atari 2600
This 1988 release did n’t come with a built in gambling function or the ability to make embarrassing WrestleMania appearances , which took a little bit away from its authenticity .
What it did come with was a completely rethunk approach to the format of baseball video games .
Not only did Pete Rose Baseball feature a behind - the - pitcher view , but it also used a combination of five different camera angles while the ball was in play .
Send this semi-obscure classic to the Hall of Fame with Pete where they both belong .
9 MLB 2001 989 Studios – Sony Playstation
Sony ’s 989 Studios sure did drop some stinkers in the baseball game genre before reinventing their franchise as MLB : The Show .
One of the few occasions where they actually landed on the right side of the sim vs. arcade divide was with this game .
A comprehensive “ general manager ” mode had a ton of options for baseball games of this generation , and the gameplay could be manipulated enough to suit just about any gamer ’s preference .
Despite a few bugs and glitches ( including random 500 ft. home runs being called out ) , MLB 2001 ’s playability was high considering it was released at the tail end of the original Playstation ’s lifespan .
8 MVP 06 : NCAA Baseball EA Sports
It was a sad day when EA Sports lost the their handle on the MLB baseball game front .
They were at the top of their game when 2 K and Sony grabbed exclusive deals , but they kept at it for a couple of years with their line of NCAA baseball games .
The gameplay was ahead of its time with dual analog functionality , and graphically this game was ahead of the pack .
What it lacked was complete licensing , instead of using real college players sports ’ gamers were left using Right Fielder # 7 or some phony name .
Choosing your school and creating your own stadium and taking your school through rivalries on the path to NCAA glory were great features , but it ’s hard to step back once you ’ve tasted the pros .
7 Ken Griffey Jr. Presents Major League Baseball Super Nintendo Entertainment System
1994 was a great year for baseball vids .
Sega was setting the tone for the future of baseball games with their World Series Baseball on the Genesis system , while SNES countered with their more casual gamer friendly Ken Griffey Jr. offering .
Although players had fake names ( which were changeable ) , they were modeled after their lifelike inspiration .
The meticulous would have their copy of Ken Griffey Jr. Baseball outfitted with the entire MLBPA roster , while others would belt homers with a Frank Thomas lookalike named Muscles MaGee or something like that .
The graphics were incredibly smooth for its day , and the attention to detail on most stadiums was impressively accurate .
Bonus points for having a home run derby mode that takes place at Camden Yards .
6 Triple Play 2000 EA Sports
Despite featuring Sammy Sosa on the cover and coming off a season in which Mark McGwire set a new home run record with 70 , Triple Play 2000 was much more of a pitchers ’ game than hitters .
Things went downhill with the Triple Play franchise with their following two releases , and then the series was repackaged and released as MVP Baseball .
This game is the last man standing of the franchise as far as being a solid baseball game .
The animations and camera angles along with the challenging hitting system made for a good game despite the occasional 900 ft. blast from Slammin’ Sammy .
5 High Heat MLB 2003 3DO
Perhaps the most underrated sports ’ video game franchise of all - time , High Heat was setting the tone through the late 90s with their intuitive hitting and pitching mechanics and near flawless gameplay .
High Heat MLB 2003 in particular , made several strides in camera angle innovation both at - bat and in the field .
Like competitor Electronic Arts , 3DO made their baseball game available on just about every format not named Nintendo .
If you were a web - savvy PC gamer with a copy of this game then you may have found several online communities that offered graphical and gameplay modifications that increased the overall playability of the game .
4 World Series Baseball BlueSky Softward – Sega Genesis
It ’s impossible to talk about baseball games retrospectively and not have Sega ’s 1994 game changer World Series Baseball enter the conversation .
The first game to feature actual stadium replicas ( at least in the hitting view ) , and offer fully interactive playable season .
Hell , you even literally sent your pitchers to the showers .
Giving baseball gamers a behind the plate camera angle was one of the many innovations that you still see today that was first used in World Series Baseball .
Fully licensed players and teams with gameplay nearly a decade ahead of its time , truly a classic of the genre .
3 Baseball Stars SNK – Nintendo Entertainment System
Baseball Stars , released in 1989 , was one of the first sports games to feature data chip memory .
Alas , the ability to create , save , and continue all while accumulating statistics for your fictional team and its players .
The season mode even offered the ability to “ fire ” and sign players and free agents .
Throughout the season your team was awarded money for wins , which in turn could be used to “ buy ” better abilities for your players .
There was nothing like it at the time , and nothing even compared for a good five years .
Go Ninja Black Sox !
2 RBI Baseball Tengen – Nintendo Entertainment System
The graphics were lousy even by 1988 standards , and yeah the fielders moved like penguins , but there ’s something to be said for authenticity .
RBI Baseball was the first game ever to be licensed by the Major League Baseball Players Association , and although it only featured eight teams by city name only , this baseball game was a hit then as it is now .
You can find legions of people on the web from all over the world that compete against each other in various forms of emulated RBI Baseball .
Reggie Jackson could swat home runs like Thai hookers , and Nolan Ryan was damn near untouchable .
Several successful sequels followed , improving on the gameplay as well as adding more teams but the original still stands as the landmark for which the future of sports gaming would be built upon .
Real players performing like their real - life counterparts .
Before Tecmo Bowl , there was RBI Baseball .
1 MVP Baseball 2005 EA Sports
Here ’s where we can have some debate .
Yes , MLB ’09 The Show is a fantastic game and perhaps the most realistic baseball simulation ever built .
That game owes so much to the legacy of MVP Baseball 2005 that it would be a disservice to the genre not to hold this game in the highest regard : the greatest baseball video game ever made .
Out of the box , EA ’s 2005 offering made for endless playability on both the Playstation 2 and Xbox consoles .
The PC version of the game offered a little bit more , it was modifiable .
Unlike baseball games released on PC in the past , most of the files on MVP Baseball 2005 were left open and re-writable .
Cue the nerds …
Even though EA lost its license , and PC gamers were denied a new baseball title until 2009 , those in possession of a copy of this gem played to their hearts ’ delight well into 2009 .
A group of seemingly anonymous baseball video game fans , with a bevy of technical and design expertise kept this game up - to - date not only statistically , but graphically for years .
What was offered was a baseball simulation that was completely customizable right down to the placement of stadium adds , uniform patches , equipment , the integration of rookies , and just about anything that you could think of .
The possibilities were limitless , it was MVP Mods , and it was incredible .
Cardboard box added to Toy Hall of Fame ROCHESTER , N.Y. ( AP ) 
Forget the fancy toy :
The box it comes in can be much more fun .
A toy house made of cardboard box is front and center at the National Toy Hall of Fame , at Strong Museum in Rochester , N.Y. AP / National Toy Hall of Fame Spaceship , castle , haven to daydream in , the cardboard box was enshrined Friday in the National Toy Hall of Fame along with Jack - in - the - Box and Candy Land .
No kidding , grown - ups .
" I think every adult has had that disillusioning experience of picking what they think is a wonderful toy for a child , and then finding the kid playing with the box , " said Christopher Bensch , chief curator of the Strong Museum .
" It 's that empty box full of possibilities that the kids can sense and the adults do n't always see . "
Low - tech and unpretentious it may be , but the cardboard box has fostered learning and creativity for multiple generations — a key qualifier for inclusion in the museum 's seven - year - old hall of fame .
And its appeal as a plaything or recreational backdrop is universal .
All over the world , " packaging is something that 's accessible to kids , whether that 's cans or tins or wooden crates , " Bensch said , and the cardboard box " makes a point that you do n't have to spend a lot , have a certain income level or charge it on your credit card to have your kids have a great play experience . "
The museum , which boasts the world 's largest collection of toys and dolls , acquired the hall in 2002 from A.C. Gilbert 's Discovery Village in Salem , Ore .
So far , 34 classic toys have been enshrined , from Barbie to Mr. Potato Head , Legos to Lincoln Logs , Slinky to Play - Doh and Crayola crayons to marbles .
Candy Land , a board game decorated with a sweet - treats trail and destinations such as Gumdrop Mountain , was created in the 1940s by a San Diego polio victim , Eleanor Abbott , who wanted a pastime for children recuperating from illness .
Jack - in - the - Box , the jester who bursts open his box lid when a compressed spring is released , appears to have originated in the 16th century .
The toy is loosely based on Punch , the dynamic puppet in the " Punch and Judy " show .
The corrugated cardboard box , which quickly came to dominate the shipping industry in North America , was invented by a Brooklyn printer , Robert Gair , in 1890 .
Strong Museum , the second - largest children 's museum in America , is aiming to wrap up a $ 33 million expansion next summer that could double its attendance to nearly 700,000 visitors a year .
The 23 - year - old museum contains more than 70,000 toys and dolls and features circus memorabilia , children 's books , household furniture , miniatures and various objects of American culture dating from the 1820s .
Copyright 2005 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Many people feel insecure when they drive in tunnels .
However , their anxiety can be reduced .
" Driving in tunnels is actually twice as safe as driving in the open air , when all factors are taken into account , " says SINTEF scientist Gunnar Jensen .
However , a rough estimate suggests that as many as 10 -- 20 percent of the population feel uncomfortable or very uncomfortable driving in tunnels .
Older people in particular tend to feel insecure .
In a previous study carried out by SINTEF , as many as 40 percent of the older age - group said that they felt extremely insecure driving in tunnels .
They spoke of walls and road lanes that seemed to shrink , and of a feeling of being completely exhausted when they eventually reached the end of the tunnel .
Gunnar Jenssen believes that this may be due to the fact that elderly people tend to have poorer vision than younger people .
This means that lighting conditions in tunnels play a decisive role in determining how people experience tunnels , he believes .
Design can reduce discomfort
On this background , SINTEF transport researchers have been studying the use of various ranges of colour , lighting and patterns , as well as the use of cavern spaces in tunnels .
The group 's driving simulator has been and still is a very aid in testing out lighting designs .
advertisement
" The cavern in the tunnel is one measure that is high on our list .
The trumpet - like widenings of the caverns ' entrances and exits are a way of breaking up the impact of long tunnels .
The 24.5 km-long Lærdal Tunnel has three well - lit caverns designed according to proposals submitted by the Kadabra Produktdesign company , researchers and the artists Arild Juul and Brit Dyrnes .
Norwegian breathing spaces in Chinese tunnel
In 2007 , the lighting design from Trondheim was exported to China , and Gunnar Jenssen was project manager for " Safety and Lighting Design " when that country inaugurated the world 's longest twin - tube tunnel , the Qinling Zhongnan Mountain Tunnel , in which the monotony is broken by huge caverns excavated at intervals of three to seven kilometres .
" The tunnel is 18x2 kilometres long , and to begin with it was a dry , monotonous tunnel , which was then developed in collaboration with Norwegian artists and designers into an oasis with palm - trees and clouds on the roof , " says Jenssen .
Lighting for safety
The main point is to obtain a good distribution of light , in conjunction with the use of artistic lighting , which turns out to give drivers a feeling of space and of greater security .
Modern lighting systems , with two rows of lamps , light sources that illuminate the opposite direction and driving lane , are beginning to be quite common in new Chinese tunnels , and they have also been installed in the tunnel that forms part of the Øresund Link between Denmark and Sweden .
There is nothing better than a good full bodied red wine and a deliciously fragrant cheese to enjoy on a cold lazy evening in front of the crackling fire surrounded by good company .
I ’m a cheese fanatic and love them creamy , pungent and runny !
Stinking Bishop , Vacherin Montd
’Or , Époisses and Oxford Isis are the kind of cheeses that I like .
However it can be an embarrassing time carrying them home .
It happened to me once , when without regard I bought some weird and wonderful smelly cheeses in London and then had to make my way home on the train .
Well all I need to say is that I had the seat all to myself for the whole journey .
It was a bit of an embarrassing situation however once I tucked in this was soon forgotten as the pleasure and enjoyment took over .
There are plenty of cheese shops around but only a few that are run with passion and plenty of ’ ‘ cheesy ’ knowledge .
Two of my favourties cheesy establishments in London are Paxton and Whitfield and La Fromagerie .
They both stock a wide selection of cheeses from mainland Europe and the United Kingdom .
They are definitely the people in the know and are super passionate about cheese .
They both have maturing rooms and dedicated cheese mongers who turn the cheeses daily and they would not release any products for sale unless they are absolutely perfect .
We consume a lot of cheese at home .
I love cooking with it and sometimes it ’s the perfect partner in crime when I ’m simply in the need of doing nothing but relaxing and nibbling something savoury .
My mother used to have this thing about having bread in the house as she always says that if there is not a fresh loaf of bread in the bread bin , then there is no food to eat .
I feel the same about cheese .
My fridge can be bare but if I have some cheese , then I have food and I can create a wonderful filling and nutritious meal , a strange superstition !?
Serving cheese as an actual course sometimes is an after thought and some people might think that placing some cheese from the fridge on a plate with a few “ tuc ” crackers from the cupboard is a problem solved .
Well I feel strongly about giving it plenty of thought .
Planning the perfect cheese course to compliment your meal is not to be taken lightly .
It ’s important to choose the right accompaniments for your chosen cheese .
Letting the cheese breathe and come to room temperature is another element in serving the perfect cheese course .
Award - winning author Fiona Beckett wrote this wonderful book Fiona Beckett ’s Cheese Course in which she tells you how to serve and enjoy all the various cheeses .
I think that the way a cheese course is put together says a million words about a host .
For example if you plate the individual slithers of cheese , it could mean that the host is either in a rush to get rid of you or they are counting the pennies .
If there is plenty of cheese and is presented on sharing plates it means that the host wants their guests to mingle , chat and be relaxed for hours to come .
Well then there is the debate about when to serve the cheese , before the pudding or after .
My personal preference is after the pudding as I like to ponder over the cheese , relax and nibble at leisure .
For the first time ever , at least during the absence of a major war , U.K. government spending rose above 50 % of GDP in 2009 .
During the reign of so - called " New Labour " since 1997 , government spending is up from 40 % of GDP to 52 % in 2009 , and a projected 53 % in 2010 .
This means that the ratio has on average risen by one percentage point per year during " New Labour " .
The increase has been fastest during the last two years , but it has risen ever since 2001 .
The increase has in part been financed by tax increases , but mostly through a soaring budget deficit .
Though most other countries have seen their burden of government increase during the recent slump ( Israel is one of very fex exceptions ) , the U.K. has seen a bigger increase than elsewhere , and unlike most others ( the U.S. being and additional example ) the burden of government spending was rising even during the boom .
As a result , government spending is now higher than in Germany and most other continental European countries , after previously having been much lower .
While I can't say I trust David Cameron , these numbers provides a very strong case for voting Gordon Brown out of office during the election that will come later this year .
In the continuing “ Eastern Conference Playoff Preview ” series , I take a look at the Philadelphia Flyers .
The Devils rival currently hold the seventh seed in the Eastern Conference .
But the team has gone through some adversity as of late , losing three goaltenders and their leading scorer , Jeff Carter .
Can this team succeed in the playoffs without those integral pieces ?
Forwards :
The Flyers have some solid , but not great , forwards on the team .
With the injury to Jeff Carter , the team lost their leading scorer and one of their best goal scorers .
One of the best forwards on the team is Mike Richards .
The young captain has 28 goals and 30 assists through 76 games , and his play on the penalty kill and powerplay are stellar .
He ’s one of the better two - way forwards in the game today .
After Richards , the Flyers have several role players .
Simon Gagne , who could be a great goal scorer , has only played 52 games this season .
The same can be said for Danny Briere .
What I do n’t like about the Flyers is the injury risk throughout all of their lines .
Gagne usually has one major injury per year , and Briere has n’t been fully healthy since signing with Philadelphia ( 8 years , $ 52 million with a no trade clause ) .
Both of these guys can make plays and put the puck in the net .
With one major weapon already down , another injury to a scoring forward would sink this team .
Defense :
The Flyers first defensive pairing of Chris Pronger and Matt Carle are extremely good .
Both defenseman combine for a plus / minus rating of 41 .
Pronger leads the team in assists , and has chipped in 10 goals during the season .
But that has been one of the only bright spots for the Flyers defense this year .
They rank near the middle of the pack in goals against , allowing 202 so far this season .
They also rank 25th in shots against , with 2,184 shots taken against their goalies .
Coming into the season , the team had high hopes for their defense .
But so far those expectations have n’t been met , and they have underperformed this season .
Goalie :
Philadephia has dressed four goaltenders this season , and only one of them remains healthy today : Brian Boucher .
The first starter , Ray Emery , was enjoying a great comeback season
But an abdominal strain – and the resulting surgery from the injury – knocked him out for the season .
Next came Michael Leighton , who looked terrible in Carolina .
The Flyers got lucky again , as Leighton played exceptionally well with the team .
But an ankle injury sidelined him for the remainder of the season .
They even gave rookie John Backlund an opportunity , but he was injured during his first ever start .
Now , their playoff chances rest on Brian Boucher , a goalie who has never started more than 45 games in a season .
His career save percentage is under .900 .
Clearly , goalie is the weakest link of this team .
The Flyers cannot depend on Boucher to bring win them a series .
He ’s the weakest goalie coming into the playoffs .
This will , without a doubt , hold back Philadelphia in the playoffs this year .
So , where do the Flyers sit coming into the playoffs ?
They seem to be one of the weakest teams qualifying for the playoffs .
They ’re missing their leading scorer , and the defense has been underwhelming all season .
Now , they need to depend on a career backup who has never played well in the N.H.L .
The Flyers look like the surest bet to be a one and done in the playoffs this year .
There is a strand in what passes for policy discussion which goes like this :
( i) There is an acknowledged problem in some sector or policy area ;
( ii ) the Government could do something to ameliorate this problem ;
( iii ) QED the Government should do something , not always specified .
The result of this line of attack is policies like the Car Scrappage Scheme , of which more anon .
Examples in this morning ’s media concern the excess supply of hotels , and the threat of global warming .
The Government is being urged to take measures
– to reduce the hotel stock , and
– to support the hydro storage / windpower project called Spirit of Ireland .
Hotel Stock : Hotels are a pure private good .
Due to policy - induced capacity expansion , there are now too many .
Some are bust , and face receivership / liquidation / NAMA .
Room prices are falling .
This is the natural market response .
Where is the market failure ?
It is true that some long - established hotels have seen their business undermined by State - subsidised competition , but this is a routine business risk in an interventionist political culture .
Many of these long - established hotels enjoyed State grants for conference / leisure centres when the going was good .
The industry is lobbying for some State - run scheme to take out capacity .
Doing nothing will cost less and the industry will adjust .
Intervening , yet again , will distort adjustment .
Spirit of Ireland :
The externality of carbon emissions is addressed by putting a price on carbon , at which point the State can safely adopt a position of technology neutrality .
Power generation , once externalities are dealt with , is a pure private good too .
Whether these schemes make sense is a matter for the capital market , not for the Government .
Car Scrappage : Car sales have collapsed and some car dealers have gone out of business .
The same has happened with € 1,000 handbags , and some handbag retailers are struggling .
Ireland manufactures neither cars nor handbags .
The Car Scrappage Scheme will spend taxpayer money to sustain , temporarily , the retail distribution network for an imported consumer durable .
Why not a Handbag Scrappage Scheme ?
This scheme is plain daft for Ireland .
It is not even clear that it makes any sense for car - producing countries – the German scheme appears to have sucked in imports of smaller cars , which Germany does not produce .
These ‘ Something Must be Done ’ schemes provide harmless entertainment for economists , fodder for the 24 - hour news cycle and a playpen for lobbyists .
But they contribute nothing to sustainable employment , cost the Exchequer money and hinder the necessary post -Bubble adjustment .
In contrast , the Economics of Doing Nothing is that this is often the best policy , and the cheapest .
I am big fan of the Mario Puzo ’s 1969 novel The Godfather and the movie that was made from it in 1972 .
I am also a big fan of vintage men ’s adventure magazines .
In fact , I write a blog about them ( MensPulpMags.com ) .
I have also edited and written introductions to four anthologies of classic men ’s adventure magazine stories for the Men ’s Adventure Library series published by New Texture Books .
If you ’re not a fan of those venerable periodicals from the 1950s , 1960s and 1970s , you may not know that Mario Puzo made his living writing wild action and adventure stories for them before The Godfather made him famous .
Puzo wrote some of his men ’s adventure yarns under his own name .
But the majority were written under the pseudonym “ Mario Cleri . ”
And he wrote a lot of them .
I ’d guesstimate around 200 .
( An example of a men ’s adventure yarn Puzo wrote under the pen name Mario Cleri , featuring artwork by Gil Cohen , is shown below . )
Most of those stories appeared in men ’s adventure magazines published by subsidiaries of Magazine Management , the publishing company owned by Martin Goodman .
Magazine Management put out some of the best men’s adventure mags , such as Action for Men , For Men Only , Male , Man ’s World , Men and Stag .
( It also launched Marvel Comics . )
Puzo was hired as a Magazine Management writer around 1959 by Bruce Jay Friedman , another talented writer who worked for the company before he became a world famous novelist ( and playwright and scriptwriter ) .
At the time , Friedman was the editor of several of the company ’s men ’s adventure magazines and its Playboy competitor , Swank .
Puzo had written one novel before joining the Magazine Management staff .
He wrote several others in his spare time while working for the company in the 1960s .
But he did n’t become successful as a novelist until 1969 , when his fifth novel , The Godfather , was published on March 10 of that year by Putnam’s .
The iconic cover of the novel with the hand holding the marionette control bar ( later used for the movie posters ) was designed by S. Neil Fujita .
Not long after The Godfather was published , Puzo stopped writing for men ’s adventure magazines .
But he maintained warm relations with Magazine Management .
In August 1969 an abridged version of The Godfather was featured in the August 1969 issue of Male , along with an outstanding Godfather - themed cover painting by Mort Kunstler ( shown at right ) and equally cool interior illustrations by Earl Norem ( shown below ) .
Puzo did n’t reach the height of his fame until a few years later , after the movie became a critical smash and box office blockbuster .
Although the movie is a fairly faithful adaptation of the novel by Hollywood standards , largely because Puzo co-wrote the script with director Francis Ford Coppola , there are some differences .
One is related to the movie ’s best known line .
Early in the novel , the Italian singer and actor Johnny Fontane tells Mafia “ Godfather ” Don Vito Corleone that a Hollywood movie executive had refus ed to give him a role he wanted in an upcoming film .
Don Corleone tells
Johnny he ’ll convince the studio executive to change his mind .
When Johnny seems skeptical , Corleone gives a simple explanation of why he ’s confident :
“ He ’s a businessman , ” the Don said blandly .
“ I ’ll make him an offer he can't refuse . ”
Corleone sends his consigliere , Tom Hagen , to visit the studio exec and make a seemingly polite request to have Johnny reconsidered for the movie role .
The studio exec refuses , haughtily and hotly .
Soon after that , he finds the severed head of his prized stud racehorse in his bed — and quickly decides to give Johnny the role .
Later in the novel , after Vito ’s son Michael Corleone takes over the family business , Michael predicts that another mobster who had declined the family ’s offer to buy his casino will change his mind .
Echoing his father , Michael says simply : “ I ’ll make him an offer he ca n’t refuse . ”
Soon , that mobster is dead and Michael ’s family owns the casino .
As you probably know , these same events are played out in the movie version of The Godfather , which was released in the USA on March 15 , 1972 .
In the movie , the famous “ offer ” line used by Marlon Brando , as Don Vito Corleone , is not quite the same as in the book .
Brando says : “ I ’m gonna make him an offer he ca n’t refuse . ”
Later in the film , Al Pacino , as Michael , says the same line that Vito and Michael say in Puzo ’s novel : “ I ’ll make him an offer he ca n’t refuse . ”
When The Godfather debuted in movie theaters , it was an immediate hit .
It was soon a huge one that broke multiple box office records .
Almost overnight , “ an offer he ca n’t refuse ” became a national catchphrase .
Of course , in the novel and film the “ offer ” is a veiled threat used with chilling effect .
As part of our language , mentions of offers that ca n’t be refused are now typically used more for humorous effect .
One mob-related example is in HBO ’s mob family series The Sopranos .
In Episode 4 , the character Uncle Junior ( played by Dominic Chianese ) tells what he views as a funny joke :
“ You hear about the Chinese Godfather ?
He made them an offer they could n’t understand . ”
If any members of a Chinese Tong are reading this , please do n’t send me any offers .
I admit Junior ’s quip did make me chuckle a little when I watched that episode .
But I know it ’s not funny at all and I promise never repeat it again .
I swear .
* * * * * * * * * *
Comments ?
Corrections ?
Post them on the Famous Quotations Facebook page .
Chronicling Chaos ' journey to the edge of the world .
Architecture , political absurdities , macrotrends in demography , economics , health care , natural resources ( the twilight of oil ) , global warming , immigration , and Imperial collapse .
March 29 , 2010
The spreading front of U.S. wars -- from Afghanistan to Africa to Latin America -- represents a third world war in all but name , waged for capitalism .
HERE IS news of the Third World War .
The United States has invaded Africa .
U.S. troops have entered Somalia , extending their war front from Afghanistan and Pakistan to Yemen and now the Horn of Africa .
In preparation for an attack on Iran , American missiles have been placed in four Persian Gulf states , and " bunker - buster " bombs are said to be arriving at the U.S. base on the British island of Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean .
In Gaza , the sick and abandoned population , mostly children , is being entombed behind underground American - supplied walls in order to reinforce a criminal siege .
In Latin America , the Obama administration has secured seven bases in Colombia , from which to wage a war of attrition against the popular democracies in Venezuela , Bolivia , Ecuador and Paraguay .
Meanwhile , the Secretary of " Defense " Robert Gates complains that " the general [ European ] public and the political class " are so opposed to war that they are an " impediment " to peace .
Remember this is the month of the March Hare .
Columnist : John Pilger John Pilger is a renowned investigative reporter and documentary filmmaker who was called " the most outstanding journalist in the world today " by the Guardian .
He is the author of numerous books , including most recently Freedom Next Time : Resisting the Empire , a collection of investigations into the effects of war crimes and globalization .
His books and films are featured at JohnPilger.com .
According to an American general , the invasion and occupation of Afghanistan is not so much a real war as a " war of perception . "
Thus , the recent " liberation of the city of Marja " from the Taliban 's " command and control structure " was pure Hollywood .
Marja is not a city ; there was no Taliban command and control .
The heroic liberators killed the usual civilians , poorest of the poor .
Otherwise , it was fake .
A war of perception is meant to provide fake news for the folks back home , to make a failed colonial adventure seem worthwhile and patriotic , as if The Hurt Locker were real and parades of flag - wrapped coffins through the Wiltshire town of Wooten Basset were not a cynical propaganda exercise .
" War is fun , " the helmets in Vietnam used to say with bleakest irony , meaning that if a war is revealed as having no purpose other than to justify voracious power in the cause of lucrative fanaticisms , such as the weapons industry , the danger of truth beckons .
This danger can be illustrated by the liberal perception of Tony Blair in 1997 as one " who wants to create a world [ where ] ideology has surrendered entirely to values " ( Hugo Young , the Guardian ) , compared with today 's public reckoning of a liar and war criminal .
WESTERN WAR - states such as the U.S. and Britain are not threatened by the Taliban or any other introverted tribesmen in faraway places , but by the antiwar instincts of their own citizens .
Consider the draconian sentences handed down in London to scores of young people who protested Israel 's assault on Gaza in January last year .
Following demonstrations in which paramilitary police " kettled " ( corralled ) thousands , first - offenders have received two - and - a - half years in prison for minor offences that would not normally carry custodial sentences .
On both sides of the Atlantic , serious dissent exposing illegal war has become a serious crime .
Silence in other high places allows this moral travesty .
Across the arts , literature , journalism and the law , liberal elites , having hurried away from the debris of Blair and now Obama , continue to fudge their indifference to the barbarism and aims of Western state crimes by promoting retrospectively the evils of their convenient demons , like Saddam Hussein .
With Harold Pinter gone , try compiling a list of famous writers , artists and advocates whose principles are not consumed by the " market " or neutered by their celebrity .
Who among them have spoken out about the holocaust in Iraq during almost 20 years of lethal blockade and assault ?
And all of it has been deliberate .
On January 22 , 1991 , the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency predicted in impressive detail how a blockade would systematically destroy Iraq 's clean water system and lead to " increased incidences , if not epidemics of disease . "
So the U.S. set about eliminating clean water for the Iraqi population : one of the causes , noted UNICEF , of the deaths of half a million Iraqi infants under the age of five .
But this extremism apparently has no name .
Norman Mailer once said he believed the United States , in its endless pursuit of war and domination , had entered a " pre-fascist era . "
Mailer seemed tentative , as if trying to warn about something even he could not quite define .
" Fascism " is not right , for it invokes lazy historical precedents , conjuring yet again the iconography of German and Italian repression .
On the other hand , American authoritarianism , as the cultural critic Henry Giroux pointed out recently , is " more nuance , less theatrical , more cunning , less concerned with repressive modes of control than with manipulative modes of consent . "
This is Americanism , the only predatory ideology to deny that it is an ideology .
The rise of tentacular corporations that are dictatorships in their own right and of a military that is now a state with the state , set behind the façade of the best democracy 35,000 Washington lobbyists can buy , and a popular culture programmed to divert and stultify , is without precedent .
More nuanced perhaps , but the results are both unambiguous and familiar .
Denis Halliday and Hans von Sponeck , the senior United Nations officials in Iraq during the American and British - led blockade , are in no doubt they witnessed genocide .
They saw no gas chambers .
Insidious , undeclared , even presented wittily as enlightenment on the march , the Third World War and its genocide proceeded , human being by human being .
In the coming election campaign in Britain , the candidates will refer to this war only to laud " our boys . "
The candidates are almost identical political mummies shrouded in the Union Jack and the Stars and Stripes .
As Blair demonstrated a mite too eagerly , the British elite loves America because America allows it to barrack and bomb the natives and call itself a " partner . "
We should interrupt their fun .
First published in the New Stateman .
WHEN Néstor Kirchner took over as Argentina 's president in 2003 , his country 's economy was already on the mend after a sickening collapse 18 months earlier that had prompted debt default and devaluation .
Lambasting the IMF and privatisation , Mr Kirchner extended the state 's control over the economy .
Rising world prices for Argentina 's farm - commodity exports and government pump - priming unleashed an economic boom .
This made Mr Kirchner a popular hero , and secured the election of his wife , Cristina Fernández de Kirchner , as his successor in 2007 .
She has continued his policies .
Mr Kirchner was last year elected as a congressman , but according to former officials he still takes many executive decisions .
Enjoying almost complete political dominance , Argentina 's first couple swatted away critics who accused them of everything from illegal enrichment to wrecking institutions .
They are still trying to do so .
Ms Fernández frequently accuses Argentina 's leading newspapers of making up stories to discredit her government .
But it is getting harder .
Thanks to the world recession , rising inflation and a series of political errors , her approval rating in opinion polls has fallen to 20 % .
After losing a working majority in a congressional election last year , the government is on the verge of losing control of key committees of Congress as well .
Yet this is no ordinary slump of the type familiar to long - serving governments in other democracies .
Four of the president 's private secretaries are being investigated for enriching themselves illegally .
Two , Julio Daniel Álvarez and Fabián Gutiérrez , recently resigned .
Meanwhile Mr Kirchner has been criticised for a transaction in October 2008 in which he swapped pesos for $ 2 m shortly before the value of the currency fell sharply .
He says this was to buy a stake in a hotel company that was priced in dollars and insists that he was not speculating against the peso .
However , the Kirchners admit that their personal wealth has increased dramatically while they have been in office .
“ Governability ” , Mr Kirchner said at his inauguration in 2003 , “ cannot be a synonym for impunity … obscure agreements , the political manipulation of institutions , or spurious pacts behind society 's back . ”
In power , the Kirchners have frequently belied those fine words .
They have bullied institutions that have got in their way , from the judiciary to the Central Bank .
They have used the power of the state to harass groups they see as hostile , from farmers to utility companies .
Meanwhile , some of their allies have thrived .
The Santa Cruz connection
Both the Kirchners are from the left wing of the dominant Peronist movement .
Both claim to have been active in the resistance to Argentina 's military government .
Mr Kirchner , the child of parents of Swiss and Croatian stock , forged his political career in his home province of Santa Cruz , in far - off Patagonia .
He was its governor from 1991 until he moved into the Casa Rosada , the presidential palace .
Rafael Flores , a former Peronist congressman who represented the province for 12 years , says that Mr Kirchner transferred his way of operating and his economic philosophy from the province to the national stage .
“ In Santa Cruz , ” says Mr Flores , “ Kirchner behaved in all the ways he would when he became bigger in the country : manipulation , pressurising mayors , persecuting people who did n't agree with him . ”
Mr Kirchner rarely talks to reporters .
When president , he gave no press conferences .
Neither he nor Ms Fernández has responded to The Economist 's requests for interviews .
So we do not have their answer to such criticisms .
Santa Cruz is remote and sparsely populated , but rich in oil and gas .
As governor , Mr Kirchner ploughed hydrocarbons revenues into public - sector jobs and infrastructure projects .
Oil and gas companies needed his administration 's approval to get exploration contracts .
The Kirchners developed a tight network of trusted friends in Santa Cruz , several of whom followed them to Buenos Aires ( where they were dubbed “ the penguins ” ) .
Mr Kirchner 's sister , Alicia , is the minister for social development .
Another aide from Santa Cruz is Julio de Vido , an architect who was introduced to the Kirchners in the 1980s .
He served as the province 's economy minister when Mr Kirchner was governor .
Since 2003 he has been Argentina 's minister of planning , in charge of a vast bureaucratic empire that spans public works , transport , communications , energy and mining .
Mr Kirchner also appointed Mr de Vido 's wife to a senior post in the government 's internal - audit agency .
Mr Kirchner 's governorship is remembered for something else too : the mystery surrounding some $ 600 m in financial assets belonging to the province .
( A former official in a previous national government who has investigated the matter thinks the true figure was closer to $ 1 billion . )
In 1999 the province sold , at a big profit , shares in YPF , the privatised national oil company , which it had received in 1993 in lieu of unpaid royalties .
It held the proceeds abroad .
The provincial government said that the interest was invested in public works .
Opponents of the Kirchners in Santa Cruz accept that some of this money has returned to the province .
Mr Kirchner has never explained what happened to the rest .
Penguins in Buenos Aires
On becoming president Mr Kirchner struck up a friendship with Hugo Chávez , but the first couple 's approach to the private sector has been a bit more subtle than that of their Venezuelan counterpart .
They have nationalised , but sparingly .
The government has taken over the troubled national airline and the private pension system , and also set up several new state companies .
Meanwhile , some private businesses have faced regulation to the point of harassment .
The Kirchners retained an economic emergency law that , among other things , allows the government to change the contracts under which privatised utilities provide services .
It was passed as a temporary measure after the peso devaluation of 2002 .
Regulators , previously independent , have been turned into rubber stamps .
Now it is the government that sets utility prices .
The method often involves phone calls from the offices of Mr de Vido or Guillermo Moreno , the secretary of commerce .
The freezing of the retail price of natural gas has discouraged investment in exploration .
The price of beef has been held down by adding a high export tax , encouraging farmers to sell in the domestic market .
Farmers are now able to export only at the government 's discretion .
Despite these price controls , both formal and informal , Argentina suffers from high inflation .
In 2007 Mr Moreno 's team changed the way the consumer - price index was measured by the National Statistics and Census Institute ( INDEC ) .
This had the effect of keeping the official inflation figure in single digits .
Private estimates are much higher ( see chart ) .
The credibility of the official figures took a further knock this month when union leaders sympathetic to the Kirchners called for wage rises of 25 % to make up for inflation .
The lower official number has meant the government has made a net saving on its inflation - linked bonds of $ 1.7 billion , according to a former finance official .
The government also gets involved in private business dealings that should be beyond its remit .
Two examples stand out .
The first involves Shell which , during 2004 , had talked to Brazil 's Petrobras about selling its assets in Argentina and Brazil .
The company changed its mind after details of these talks leaked .
Shortly afterwards it raised prices at its petrol stations in Argentina .
In response Mr Kirchner urged Argentines not to buy “ even a can of oil ” from the company .
Mr Moreno 's office then fined Shell 23 times in 2006 for undersupplying the market .
According to Juan José Aranguren , the company 's head in Argentina , Shell was providing 8 % more petrol than the year before , a bigger increase than the market average .
Mr Aranguren faced 57 arrest warrants in 2007 , again for allegedly undersupplying the market , each carrying a prison term of between six months and four years .
All of them are still in the courts .
Next the government ordered Shell to shut down a refinery for alleged environmental violations , allowing it to reopen without explanation five days later .
At the same time , other people in the administration were offering Shell opportunities to sell its Argentine assets , says Mr Aranguren .
The second example of government interference involves the Clarín Group , Argentina 's most powerful media business .
In September last year , 200 tax inspectors descended on the group 's offices .
No one seemed to know who sent them .
The tax agency 's boss denied ordering the inspection .
The government accused its opponents of organising the raid to make it look bad .
The group 's daily newspaper , Clarín , and its television stations have been fierce critics of Ms Fernández 's government .
The taxmen arrived as Argentina 's Congress prepared to debate a new media law that will force Clarín to sell many of its radio and television interests .
There is a case for regulating media ownership in Argentina , and Clarín 's market dominance would be considered unacceptable in some countries .
But the main effect of the new law is to weaken the president 's chief critic in the media .
This blow against the Clarín Group followed another .
In August the Argentine football confederation broke a contract with Clarín for the transmission of live league matches , and signed a new one with the state channel .
Clarín alleges that Mr Kirchner was behind the switch .
The pension - fund piggy bank
State control of Argentina 's private sector has been tightened further since the nationalisation of the private pension funds in December 2008 .
Because the funds had big shareholdings in many of Argentina 's companies , the government , in the form of the National Social Security Administration ( ANSES ) , now has the right to nominate directors to the boards of these firms , a prerogative it has exercised by placing directors at around 20 companies .
ANSES performs another function , too .
With the economy slowing ahead of the congressional election in June last year , Ms Fernández ramped up spending on public works and the unemployed , treating the pension system as a piggy bank .
Local economists estimate that the central government 's accounts last year went into the red for the first time since 2002 .
The pension system is one of its main creditors .
The Central Bank , which in theory is independent , has also been brought within the president 's direct control .
In December the government floated the idea of creating a “ Bicentennial Fund ” with the aim of using the bank 's hard - currency reserves to pay off a group of foreign bondholders who rejected a debt restructuring in 2005 , thereby restoring the government 's access to international financial markets .
Martín Redrado , the bank 's governor , demurred , arguing that in an economy like Argentina 's , where many people think in dollars because of past hyperinflation , the reserves were an important cushion against swings in foreign - exchange markets .
He was also advised that the transfer might make funds held by the Central Bank abroad vulnerable to claims by creditors .
Thwarted by Mr Redrado , Ms Fernández decided to sack him .
Mr Redrado dug his heels in , insisting that only Congress could remove him .
A judge who ruled in Mr Redrado 's favour in the dispute , María José Sarmiento , found the police on her doorstep on January 9th .
If that was too subtle , the president 's chief of staff , Aníbal Fernández ( who is not related to the president ) , told reporters that the judge 's every movement was being watched .
Eventually the president got her way and Mr Redrado was replaced with a more pliant figure .
Not everyone is treated so harshly .
Indeed , a few businessmen who enjoy good relations with the Kirchners have done well in recent years .
They are known in Argentina as the empresarios K . One is Lázaro Báez , whose firm , Austral Construcciones , began life as a small builder in Santa Cruz and has since diversified into oil exploration and farming .
Much of the company 's business has been in public - works projects in Santa Cruz .
Mr Báez was also awarded oil - exploration rights in Santa Cruz .
Shell was punished for refusing to co-operate
It was Mr Báez 's company , Epsur , which together with Enarsa , a state company , offered to buy Shell 's assets in Argentina in 2007 .
He has described his relationship with Néstor Kirchner as one of “ platonic love . ”
Their affair goes back to the early 1990s , when Mr Báez worked as a manager in Banco Santa Cruz , a bank privatised by Mr Kirchner when he was governor .
Another friend is Cristóbal López , who controls a company called Casino Club and operates casinos and gambling halls throughout Argentina , including one at the Palermo racecourse .
Shortly before leaving office , Mr Kirchner issued a decree extending Mr López 's licence to run the slot machines at the racecourse until 2032 and raising their number by 50 % .
Enrique Eskenazi , a grandee of the private sector and the controlling shareholder in Banco Santa Cruz , argues that politics and business are so closely linked in Argentina because the country lacks the institutions that ought to separate them .
In 2007 his company , Grupo Petersen , bought a 14.9 % stake in YPF from Spain 's Repsol , which wanted a well - connected local partner for its troubled investment .
So keen was Repsol to get Mr Eskenazi on board that it lent him more than $ 1 billion to buy the stake .
He rejects any suggestion that Grupo Petersen 's success stems from his political connections .
“ Under President Alfonsín , people called us Alfonsinistas ; under President Menem , we were Menemistas .
Under the Kirchners , we 're Kirchneristas .
We 're used to it . ”
In Argentina , he says , any success is viewed as suspicious , unless it is won on the football pitch .
Maybe so .
But the Kirchners have left their country with weaker institutions , and an economy in which the state plays a much bigger role and in which political contacts often seem to make the difference between business success and failure .
Mr Kirchner has hinted that he will run for president again in 2011 .
By then Argentines may want to see the back of him .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
As the electronics industry works toward developing smaller and more compact devices , the need to create new types of scaled - down semiconductors that are more efficient and use less power has become essential .
In a study to be published in the April issue of Nature Materials ( currently available online ) , researchers from UCLA 's Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science describe the creation of a new material incorporating spintronics that could help usher in the next generation of smaller , more affordable and more power - efficient devices .
While conventional complementary metal - oxide semiconductors ( CMOS ) , a technology used today in all types of electronics , rely on electrons ' charge to power devices , the emerging field of spintronics exploits another aspect of electrons — their spin , which could be manipulated by electric and magnetic fields .
" With the use of nanoscaled magnetic materials , spintronics or electronic devices , when switched off , will not have a stand - by power dissipation problem .
With this advantage , devices with much lower power consumption , known as non-volatile electronics , can become a reality , " said the study 's corresponding author , Kang L. Wang , Raytheon Professor of Electrical Engineering at UCLA Engineering , whose team carried out the research .
" Our approach provides a possible solution to address the critical challenges facing today 's microelectronics industry and sheds light on the future of spintronics . "
" We 've built a new class of material with magnetic properties in a dilute magnetic semiconductor ( DMS ) system , " said Faxian Xiu , a UCLA senior researcher and lead author of the study .
" Traditionally , it 's been really difficult to enhance the ferromagnetism of this material above room temperature .
However in our work , by using a type of quantum structure , we 've been able to push the ferromagnetism above room temperature . "
Ferromagnetism is the phenomenon by which certain materials form permanent magnets .
In the past , the control of magnetic properties has been accomplished by applying an electric current .
For example , passing an electric current will generate magnetic fields .
Unfortunately , using electric currents poses significant challenges for reducing power consumption and for device miniaturization .
" You can think of a transformer , which passes a current to generate a magnetic field .
This will have huge power dissipation ( heat ) , " Xiu said .
" In our study , we tried to modulate the magnetic properties of DMS without passing the current . "
Ferromagnetic coupling in DMS systems , the researchers say , could lead to a new breed of magneto - electronic devices that alleviate the problems related to electric currents .
The electric field - controlled ferromagnetism reported in this study shows that without passing an electric current , electronic devices could be operated and functioning based on the collective spin behavior of the carriers .
This holds great promise for building next - generation nanoscaled integrated chips with much lower power consumption .
To achieve the ferromagnetic properties , Kang 's group grew germanium dots on a silicon p- type substrate , creating quantum dots on top of the substrate .
Silicon and germanium are ideal candidates because of their excellent compatibility and ability to be incorporated within conventional CMOS technology .
The quantum dots , which are themselves semiconductors , would then be utilized in building new devices .
" To demonstrate possible applications of these fantastic quantum dots , we fabricated metal - oxide semiconductor devices and used these dots as the channel layer .
By applying an electric field , we are able to control the hole concentration inside the dots and thus modulate their ferromagnetism , " Xiu said .
" This finding is significant in the sense that it opens up a completely new paradigm for next - generation microelectronics , which takes advantage of the spin properties of carriers , in addition to the existing charge transport as envisaged in the conventional CMOS technology . "
The key is to be able to use this material at room temperature .
" The material is not very useful if it does n't work at room temperature , " Wang said .
" We want to be able to use it anywhere .
In this work , we 've achieved success on electric field - controlled ferromagnetism at 100 degrees Kelvin and are moving towards room temperature .
We feel strongly that we 'll be able to accomplish this .
Once we 've achieved room - temperature controllability , we 'll be able to start building real devices to demonstrate its viability in non-volatile electronic devices . "
Explore further Novel material paves the way for next - generation information technology
Provided by University of California - Los Angeles
A bitter Californian consumed by hatred towards the U.S. government and conspiracy theories about the 9/11 terrorism attacks and other perceived government coverups opened fire on Pentagon police Thursday night , wounding two before officers cut him down in a fusillade of gunfire .
John Patrick Bedell hated the government and the American military and was convinced the government , not terrorists , destroyed the World Trade Center twin towers in New York and faked the attack on the Pentagon in Washington .
Pentagon police chief Richard Keevill said Bedell walked up to police officers at the entrance to the Metro subway station at the headquarters of America ’s military and opened fire .
“ He just reached into his pocket , pulled out a gun and started shooting , ” Keevill told reporters .
A” He walked up very cool .
He had no real emotion on his face . ”
Bedell ’s shots grazed two Pentagon officers , who returned fire with automatic weapons , striking the shooter multiple times .
Bedell was pronounced dead at a Washington area hospital .
Internet postings by Bedell show he was consumed with conspiracy theories about the 9/11 terrorist attacks in Washington and New York and believed the government killed a Marine in California in 1991 to cover up its involvement in illegal actions .
The Marine , Col. James Sabow , was found dead in the backyard of his home .
His death , ruled a suicide , has been a centerpiece for many conspiracy theories surrounding government coverups .
Related articles
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Accountable .
Dependable .
Experienced .
The Law Offices of Tom Pye represents businesses and individuals in all types of civil litigation matters .
Based in Peachtree Corners , we represent clients throughout the North Metropolitan Atlanta area and beyond .
Trial lawyer Tom Pye has more than 40 years of experience handling civil disputes , including those related to business and commercial law , construction litigation , real estate litigation , personal injury claims , probate litigation and family law .
If you are involved in a civil dispute , call the Law Offices of Tom Pye at 678-894-2930 or toll free at 877-840-3064 to schedule a consultation .
You can also contact us online and someone will be in touch with you promptly .
As the trading season is obviously upon us , it 's time to take a look at which Nashville Predators could be on the block in any potential moves .
The Olympic trading freeze will likely cause teams to consider making a move sooner rather than later , and it 's helpful to know just who may be packing their bags and getting shipped in exchange for some scoring help .
Follow below where I take a look at the entire Predators roster in terms of tradability ....
Ca n't Go Anywhere
These Nashville Predators all have no movement clauses , and will most certainly not be moved - Jason Arnott , David Legwand , J.P. Dumont , and Martin Erat .
While they all would hold value on the market , their contractual clauses prevent a trade and are of too much importance to the Predators ' short term success anyway .
Do n't Even Try
These guys are players who are integral to the future of the entire organization .
All immensely talented , and for the most part quite productive , it would be foolhardy to try and get equal value in a trade .
Shea Weber and Ryan Suter are one of the top defensive pairs in the league and regarded as elite talents in any circle .
Already having made their respective Olympic rosters , they should be a staple on the Predators ' roster for years to come .
Also falling under this category is the organization 's top prospect , playmaking center Colin Wilson , the incredibly efficient and economic Patric Hornqvist , and in my opinion young defenseman Cody Franson , who has displayed flashes of brilliance this year , especially offensively .
He 's following in the footsteps of Weber and Suter , and it would shock me to see him on the block .
Kevin Klein would likely fall under this category as well after recently signing a 3 - year contract extension .
Steve Sullivan has rewarded the Predators ' faith in him and would n't be a very desirable acquisition due to his injury history .
I anticipate Sully ending his career in Nashville .
He fits here because its unfeasible that Poile would move him and that anyone would want him .
Theoretically Possible
Marcel Goc , Joel Ward , and Jerred Smithson could all conceivably be moved , but are unlikely due to having more than one year left on their respective deals and being important pieces in the chemistry of the squad .
Goc , Smithson , and Ward have proven quite productive in Barry Trotz 's system , but likely would n't garner much interest or return .
I 'll throw Francis Bouillon in as well , even though he 'll be a UFA at the end of this year .
The Cube has been a pleasant surprise , and like other Preds , is worth more to Nashville than he would be to someone else .
I should probably mention Nick Spaling , even though he was recently reassigned to Milwaukee .
He 's a Jerred Smithson type player , and was quite impressive on the NHL level .
While I do n't doubt that some team could want him , I see him cementing a roster spot in the next year or two .
The Wild Cards
Several Predators will be free agents at year 's end , but these players seem unlikely to be moved regardless of that status .
Goaltenders Pekka Rinne and Dan Ellis both fall under this category , and while it may be a one - or - the - other situation for David Poile after the season , there is n't a serviceable backup at the AHL level and Barry Trotz has n't even decided on a number 1 goalie this year .
Jordin Tootoo's contract also runs out , but he 's been somewhat injury prone of late and is immensely popular in Nashville .
I 'd be surprised if he was not brought back on the same type of salary .
Alexander Sulzer and Teemu Laakso have both shown good potential and could very well have a future on Nashville 's blueline , but it remains to be seen whether or not Trotz and Poile see them fitting in along with the other elite prospects in the system .
It would n't surprise me to see them stay , but neither would it shock me to see them as a pivotal piece in a deal .
Wade Belak does n't quite fit in any category , as he 's neither very useful here nor would he bring any return at all .
If a trade was made , the only purpose I see Belak having is as a salary throw - in .
Leave Your Bags Packed
We now arrive at GM David Poile 's most movable assets .
All of these players have good value and would likely bring a nice return on the trade market .
Defenseman Dan Hamhuis is likely the most valuable , and has the potential to play on a top pair somewhere .
Hamhuis has been a good , and sometimes great , player for the Predators , but has somewhat regressed this year and is being squeezed out of a defense corps that includes Weber , Suter , Franson , and top prospects Sulzer , Jonathan Blum , Ryan Ellis , and Laakso .
Hamhuis is an unrestricted free agent , and would be extremely useful to a team with a defensive hole ( Washington ? ) .
The downside to trading him is that it would force David Poile to acquire another veteran defenseman in the short term or plug in a rookie in that spot .
Mike Santorelli is a guy who has shown some promise , but seems to be unable to take the next step .
His situation is a little reminiscent of Rich Peverley , who floundered here but is flourishing in Atlanta .
Santorelli needs a place where he can play on a scoring line instead of a checking line with Belak and Tootoo .
I would n't be surprised if Santorelli is a guy who acquires you that veteran d-man after Hamhuis is traded .
Finally , Ryan Jones and Cal O'Reilly are two young players who have been productive , but may suffer from the odd man out syndrome .
O'Reilly especially has a bright NHL future , but with Colin Wilson being more highly regarded and there being no other spot for him , its possible that Poile looks around for suitors .
Jones is in a bit of a quandary being seemingly unable to find a niche at the highest level .
Some days he hits everything that moves , and some days he wants to find the back of the net .
Its his inconsistency that could end up being the end of his tenure in Nashville .
Conclusion
Its pretty apparent that the Nashville Predators need some scoring help , and that it would likely come from outside the organization .
David Poile certainly has the necessary pieces for a trade , but its unclear whether or not they 'll be enough to acquire just what the Preds need for the stretch drive .
Only time will tell ...
Tip o' the hat to SB Nation 's New Jersey Devils blog In Lou We Trust for the inspiration behind this post .
If there was any lingering doubt as to whether the public option would survive the final health care motion , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - CA ) ended it on Friday morning .
“ We had it .
We wanted it , ” Pelosi told reporters at a press briefing .
“ It ’s not in reconciliation …
We ’re talking about something that is not going to be part of the legislation . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
While Pelosi may be the purveyor of the bad news for progressives , she ’s certainly not the culprit .
The House of Representatives passed the provision in its November bill , but it was removed from the Senate version at the last minute .
“ It did not prevail , ” she said , while reaffirming her strong personal support for it .
“ What we will have in reconciliation will be something that is agreed upon , House and Senate . ”
The intense debate over the controversial yet popular provision seems to have finally come to a close , as it has in recent weeks become clear that neither the White House or the Senate Democratic leadership was willing to risk the heavy lift .
Now , it appears that they have concluded it does not have the necessary votes in Congress to pass .
The Washington Post Plum Line ’s Greg Sargent reported some news before Pelosi ’s statement that seemed to inject optimism for the provision .
ADVERTISEMENT
[ Sen. Dick ] Durbin [ ( D - IL ) ] has been taking a bunch of heat from the left since he said the other day that if a public option amendment is inserted in the reconciliation fix , Senate Dem leaders may be forced to urge Dems to vote against it in order to ensure passage of the overall bill .
But Durbin ’s spokesman , Joe Shoemaker , emails to clarify : “ Sen. Durbin and the rest of the Senate Leadership will be aggressively whipping FOR the public option if it is included in the reconciliation bill the House sends over . ”
The Huffington Post ‘s Ryan Grim reported on Thursday that over 50 Senate Democrats have spoken on the record in favor of the public plan during the last year , including over 30 who have signed an official letter calling for a reconciliation vote on the provision .
Grim wrote :
The public option faces its last stand .
With more than 40 senators publicly willing to vote for a health care reform reconciliation package that includes the option , the opportunity to reinsert it into the final bill has never been greater , though the battle is nearly over without having been fought .
ADVERTISEMENT
The process toward enactment now requires the House to pass the Senate bill before the Senate makes fixes to it with the use of reconciliation .
Once both chambers have passed the amended bill , President Obama can sign it into law .
This video is from C - SPAN , broadcast March 12 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
Lent is an annual search , which might explain the popularity of this post .
I continue to hear from writers — Christians and non-Christians alike — who are curious about the meaning and significance of Lent .
The season is all about the appeal of story ; the dramatic power of the Passion narrative .
We ’ve decided to re-publish this post with updated dates in hopes that it can be a literary companion for the next few weeks — and that it might demonstrate the diversity and range of ways that writers have imagined the season .
“ Lent , ” wrote Thomas Merton , “ is not just a time for squaring conscious accounts : but for realizing what we had perhaps not seen before . ”
Lent is the most literary season of the liturgical year .
The Lenten narrative is marked by violence , suffering , anticipation , and finally , joy .
Jesus Christ ’s 40 days of fasting in the desert are the spiritual and dramatic origin for the season that begins on Ash Wednesday and ends on Holy Saturday .
While Advent is a time of giving , Lent is a time of reflection , penance , and reconciliation , all revealed through prayer , fasting , and almsgiving .
Holy
Week is a solemn sequence of days leading to the grace of Easter .
It is a different form of joy than Christmas ; Easter joy is cathartic and transformational .
Lent , then , is a time of complex and contrasting emotions .
Highs and lows .
A time to be shaken and surprised .
Jamie Quatro , whose collection I Want To Show You More arrived like a literary revelation , says that reading is like “ the mystery of the Lord ’s Supper…a form of communion : author , text , and reader rapt in an intimate yet paradoxically isolated collusion of spirits . ”
Here is a literary reader for Lent : 40 stories , poems , essays , and books for the 40 days of this season .
( Sundays have never been part of the Lenten calendar ) .
Some pieces are inspired by feast days and Gospel readings , while others capture the discernment of the season .
Some works are written by believers , while others are crafted by writers who choose the literary word over any Word .
This reader is intended to be literary , not theological ; contemplative rather than devotional .
Bookmark this page and come back each day .
Save it for upcoming years .
The dates will change , but the sequence of readings and reflections will stay the same : a small offering of communion that might transcend our isolation .
Day 1 : Wednesday March 1
Reading : “ Ash Wednesday ” by T.S. Eliot
Lent begins with dust and darkness .
Black - crossed foreheads are the rare time when true ritual bleeds into public view .
As Lent is a time of change , it is appropriate to start with Eliot ’s famous conversion text .
Eliot said “ skepticism is the preface to conversion ; ” The Wasteland and “ The Hollow Men , ” however desolate , capture the impersonal sense of art Eliot would associate with his new faith .
“ Ash Wednesday ” is the start of a labor .
When he writes “ suffer us not to mock ourselves with falsehood , ” he knows belief is not easy .
Day 2 : Thursday March 2
Reading : Townie by Andre Dubus III
In Luke 9:22 - 25 , Jesus warns his disciples that following him will be a struggle .
Self - denial must be followed by a willingness to suffer “ daily . ”
The disciples act on the hope of salvation , much like children following a father .
In Townie , Andre Dubus III writes of his father , a man he both loved and hated .
Dubus père dies in the final chapters of the memoir , and Andre and his brother Jeb build their father ’s coffin , “ a simple pine box . ”
It was a promise , the final chapter of reconciliation to heal a broken family .
Day 3 : Friday March 3
Reading : “ The Habit of Perfection ” by Gerard Manley Hopkins
This Friday is the first real test of fasting for most ( Ash Wednesday services make for strength in numbers ) .
William G. Storey writes that fasting “ help [s ] the body share in the sufferings of Jesus and of the poor . ”
Hopkins , a 19th - century British Jesuit who has influenced as many secular poets as he has religious ones , dramatizes the ascetic life in his verse .
His poems press against the borders of his forms ; he wrings multiple meanings out of his language .
“ The Habit of Perfection ” is an acceptance of denial : “ Palate , the hutch of tasty lust , / Desire not to be rinsed with wine : / The can must be so sweet , the crust / So fresh that come in fasts divine ! ”
What others think sour , Hopkins turns sweet .
Day 4 : Saturday March 4
Reading : “ Why I ’m Still a Catholic ” by Nicole Soojung Callahan
If I could suggest one single essay that dramatizes the difficulty of faith , the struggle of this season , it would be Callahan ’s heartfelt essay .
She sometimes feels like a “ bad Catholic ” in the same way as her adoptive parents , who were “ lapsed old - school Cleveland Catholics brought back into the fold by a firecracker of a nun in Seattle . ”
Callahan notes that as “ a child , my faith was almost the only thing in my life that made me feel that I was part of something larger — – the only thing that constructed a kind of bridge between my own little island and the larger continents on which other families and clans and communities seemed to reside .
Letting it go would mean jettisoning a huge part of who I am , severing that long - cherished connection to a kind of universal family . ”
Like so many , Callahan is sometimes frustrated with the institution of the Church , and yet this Catholic identity formed by her youth — “ annual May crownings , years of lectoring and serving at Mass , First Communion and Confirmation parties , and that dusty bottle of holy water on our bookshelf that my mother never allowed to run dry .
I had a catalog of prayers I knew by heart ; ancient hymns paired with terrible folk - Mass songs written in the 1970s ; the familiar rhythm and beauty of the liturgical seasons ” — is something she will always be grateful for , and that she has passed on to her own children .
The final section of her essay is lyric , poetic , and worthy of being read aloud : as fine a credo of measured faith as I can imagine .
Day 5 : Monday March 6
Reading : “ The Tree ” by Dylan Thomas
The feast day of Saint Polycarp , who , according to John J. Delaney ’s Dictionary of Saints , “ was ordered burned to death at the stake … [ but ] when the flames failed to consume him , he was speared to death . ”
Polycarp ’s martyrdom is one of the oldest , and helps usher the peculiar Catholic genre of saint tales .
Polycarp ’s fantastical narrative is matched by “ The Tree , ” a story by Welsh poet Dylan Thomas .
Although a “ holy maker ” who became “ tipsy on salvation ’s bottle ” as a child , Thomas was no fan of Catholicism ( his friend William York Tindall said Thomas was “ essentially Protestant without being Christian ” ) .
“ The Tree ” is no devotional tale .
Surreal and imagistic , it is the story of an inquisitive but easily misguided boy who crucifies a transient to a tree on a hill in Wales .
Day 6 : Tuesday March 7
Reading : “ Disgraceland ” by Mary Karr
A week into Lent , one ’s patience might begin to wear thin with all of this suffering ( few human endeavors go awry as quickly as devotion ) .
Mary Karr is the antidote to complacency .
In “ Facing Altars : Poetry and Prayer , ” Karr outed herself as a Catholic convert , “ not victim but volunteer … after a lifetime of undiluted agnosticism . ”
“ Disgraceland , ” from her 2006 collection Sinners Welcome , begins with an account of her birth , whirled into this world to “ sulk around ” while “ Christ always stood / to one side with a glass of water . ”
She ends on a gorgeous note : “ You are loved , someone said .
Take that / and eat it . ”
Day 7 : Wednesday March 8
Reading : “ The Teaching of Literature ” by Flannery O’Connor
Today ’s reading from Luke 11:29 sounds rather harsh : “ This generation is an evil generation ; it seeks a sign , but no sign will be given it , except the sign of Jonah . ”
This sign will be revealed in the death and resurrection of Christ , which makes this indictment of a crowd feel particularly heavy .
While it might be heretical to wait seven days to introduce the work of Flannery O’Connor into a Lenten reader , this is the moment she becomes appropriate .
Her fiction will appear later in the reading list , but today is in the spirit of her essay , “ The Teaching of Literature , ” most often collected in Mystery and Manners .
O’Connor laments how fiction is taught to students , particularly when fiction is used as mere symbol : “ I have found that if you are astute and energetic , you can integrate English literature with geography , biology , home economics , basketball , or fire prevention — with anything at all that will put off a little longer the evil day when the story or novel must be examined simply as a story or novel . ”
Pity the generation that sparks O’Connor ’s ire .
Day 8 : Thursday March 9
Reading : Radical Reinvention by Kaya Oakes
Christ tells his disciples “ seek and you will find ; knock and the door will be opened to you . ”
Secular criticism of religion offers the refrain that faith — as practiced by those who claim to be religious — often sounds like certainty , and certainty leads to judgment .
( Most believers would benefit from conversations and friendships with atheists ) .
Kaya Oakes ’s memoir of rediscovery , Radical Reinvention , traces her search from skeptic to measured believer to reinvented believer .
Oakes is funny and thoughtful , and shares the wisdom of her spiritual directors , including a Father Mellow , who says “ The Church is both sinner and holy .
So are all of us . ”
She is still undergoing her search , but one thing she ’s discovered is that “ living a life of faith is not about following marching orders .
It ’s about finding God in other people , feeling the movement of the Spirit , living the compassion of Christ as best we can . ”
Day 9 : Friday March 10
Reading : Mariette in Ecstasy by Ron Hansen
Saint Gabriel of Our Lady of Sorrows died from tuberculosis at 24 .
Gabriel ’s popularity in America is marginal , based on his supposed patronage of handgun users ( an absurdly apocryphal tale where Gabriel shoots a lizard to scare off Giuseppe Garibaldi ’s soldiers ) .
A more likely tale is that his devotion to the Virgin Mary and the Passion were a correction to the extreme vanity of his youth .
Gabriel reflects the titular character of Ron Hansen ’s novel , Mariette in Ecstasy , a 17 - year - old novitiate at a convent in upstate New York .
She is first introduced in the novel while standing naked in front of a floor mirror , aware of her beauty , and thinks “ Even this I give You . ”
Hansen ’s novel is what would happen if James Salter ’s A Sport and a Pastime converted .
Now a deacon in a Cupertino , California parish , Hansen continues to write powerful fiction .
Day 10 : Saturday March 11
Reading : “ You Are Not Christ ” by Rickey Laurentiis
In today ’s Gospel selection from Matthew , Christ tells his disciples to “ love your enemies , and pray for those who persecute you . ”
He ends his exhortation with a call to be “ perfect , ” a sharp expectation , an impossible goal .
I often think of Laurentiis ’s title in relation to that call .
It arrives , first , as a phrase of forgiveness , but Laurentiis ’s verse is unforgiving : “ For the drowning , yes , there is always panic . / Or peace . ”
Only nine lines , the poem unfolds and exits like a deep breath , and , like much of Laurentiis ’s poetry , weds the sensual with the spiritual .
Lent is nothing if not the most physical of seasons .
Day 11 : Monday March 13
Reading : “ Idiot Psalms ” by Scott Cairns
March begins with a scene from Capernaum : Jesus drives an “ unclean spirit ” from a man .
Exorcisms are the perfect fodder for Hollywood — black - clad heroes chant Latin while they struggle with demons — but have a less theatrical role in Lent .
Unclean is not a permanent condition .
The narrator of “ Idiot Psalms ” “ find [s ] my face against the floor , and yet again / my plea escapes from unclean lips . ”
He seeks forgiveness , which is not as dramatic as Max Von Sydow and Jason Miller performing the Roman rite , but his desire “ to manage at least one late season sinlessly , / to bow before you yet one time without chagrin ” is palpable .
Day 12 : Tuesday March 14
Reading : “ The Didache ” by Paul Lisicky
Lisicky ’s short piece appears in his book Unbuilt Projects .
The title is a reference to an apocryphal , anonymous document of early Jewish - Christians , although Lisicky ’s narrative is focused on his relationship with his mother .
“ The Didache ” begins with a question : “ What were you like the last time I saw you whole ? ”
The piece follows with more questions and considerations , while noting “ It ’s funny how we end up where we do . ”
The language of the final sentences becomes comfortably Biblical : “ As the broken bread was scattered on the hillsides , and so was gathered and made one , so may the many of you be gathered and find favor with one another . ”
The lines are a lyrical refiguring of a Didache hymn , and lead toward the conclusion of Lisicky ’s piece : “ Take .
Eat , says the mother , given up and broken , and pushes the sandwich into the lunch bag , and sends me on my way . ”
A nice reminder that our present , prosaic world is capable of being legendary and graceful .
Day 13 : Wednesday March 15
Reading : The Grace That Keeps This World by Tom Bailey
Variations of faith sustain the characters of Bailey ’s novel in the face of despair .
The novel contains several first - person narratives , beginning with Susan Hazen , who says her parish priest “ plants the wafer that leavens hope in my palm . ”
Susan ’s faith is tested , along with that of her husband , Gary David ( an act of violence cleaves their family ) .
The book ends with Gary ’s narrative section : “ The pines have reawakened me to something that as a forester I ’ve long known by heart :
The work we live to do is work we ’ll never see completed .
The snow will continue to fall .
The geese will come back , just as they will continue to go .
I have my faith .
The strength of belief .
But this is the truth in our story the pines need to relate .
This , they whisper , this is the grace that keeps this world .
Honor it . ”
Day 14 : Thursday March 16
Reading : “ The Our Father ” by Franz Wright
“ The Our Father ” appears in Wheeling Motel , Wright ’s 10th collection of poems .
The poem ’s relative brevity is inversely related to its power .
To title a poem after such an iconic prayer is to locate the work as both ritual and rhythm .
The first stanza reads : “ I am holding cirrhosis / with one hand and AIDS / with the other , in a circle . ”
Wright ’s poetry is so pared , having the feeling of being wrung through the emotion of being and distilled into the truest possible language .
This first stanza establishes the sense of community : this is truly a collective father .
As is often true with those suffering from addition or disease , that which causes the pain overwhelms the self .
Wright ’s lines break from those diseases toward the shape , “ a circle , ” that leads to comfort and forgiveness ( Wright has written about how his own conversion has helped lift his life from addiction ) .
“ The Our Father ” moves forward from this first stanza to the actual prayer , which is “ simple ” and “ august , ” though Wright compares and connects the bareness of the phrasing to the profound nature of Christ ’s life : “ you briefly took on tortured / human form to teach / us here , below – ”
The poem ’s honesty continues , though , because the final lines speak to an awareness of the ephemera of existence : “ What final catastrophe sent / to wean me from this world . ”
Day 15 : Friday March 17
Reading : “ After Cornell ” by Joe Bonomo
Bonomo ’s essay , which appears in his collection This Must Be Where My Obsession with Infinity Began , reflects on the darkness and silence of the traditional confessional box : “ To intellectually comprehend moral and ethical transgressions — regardless of how domestically petty they might feel to the confessor ( last night I bit my little brother ) — the confessor must shed anatomy ’s garment and step in unencumbered .
The fragmented reminder that we are always flesh filtered through the shadowy screen between priest and penitent , and such a reminder could not have been allowed to distract . ”
Bonomo laments the shift to face - to - face confessions , though he has prepared himself for the change , and the previous box felt “ akin to stepping into the Old Age , of black , black , black . ”
Bonomo ’s words bring me back to the confessions of my past : I made the same shift from darkness to ( uncomfortable ) light .
Now my parish opts for the face - to - sheet - to - face confession in a lighted room , and we are given printed Acts of Contrition , columned in the center on a pink sheet .
I agree with Bonomo , that something has been lost , or at least transferred , in this coming to light .
Day 16 : Saturday March 18
Reading : “ Second Avenue ” by Frank O’Hara
Critic Micah Mattix writes that “ O’ Hara believed that poetry was a ‘ testament ’ of the self and that love was real .
Drawing from his Catholic schooling and James Joyce ’s aesthetics , in some poems he expressed the view that the artist was as a sort of Christ - figure who suffers to renew our experience of the world . ”
Mattix notes that O’Hara ’s long poem , “ Second Avenue , ” although a “ sprawling amalgam of absurd images , disconnected phrases and quotation , newspaper clippings , short dramatic scenes , anecdotes , gossip , and literary artistic references , ” also reinforces this idea of “ the image of the artist as God , ” and “ reverses … the biblical trope of God as light . ”
Mattix ’s reading has altered my perception of O’Hara ’s verse , which I have always thought as being more interested in play than profundities .
Lent truly is the season of change , as long as one ’s eyes are open .
Day 17 : Monday March 20
Reading : “ The Heart , Like a Bocce Ball ” by Luke Johnson
Johnson ’s poem begins with the characters “ dead drunk , ” “ cannonballing across the lawn , gouging / handful divots , each of us still nursing / a tumbler of scotch brought home from the wake . ”
Although temporarily wasted , these “ sons and brothers and cousins ” are n’t wasting away : they are players , certainly , in this simple game of bocce , but there ’s a real sense of connection here .
The poem ends with the lines “ The heart , like a bocce ball , is fist - sized / and firm ; ours clunk together , then divide . ”
If there were ever a poetic form made for brief devotions meant to stretch throughout a day , it would be the sonnet .
Day 18 : Tuesday March 21
Reading : “ Their Bodies , Their Selves ” by Andrew McNabb
Dray and Sarah Maguire “ had lived a clothed life , ” but “ An accident had changed that . ”
The center of McNabb ’s tight story unfolds in less than an hour , but stretches across the years of this elderly couple ’s relationship .
One Saturday afternoon , while using the bathroom , Dray falls , smacking his skull on the porcelain .
Sarah , “ scarred from shingles , melanoma , three ungrateful children and an undiagnosed depression , ” fears blood , but instead sees her husband nearly bare ( he ’d gotten used to taking off his pants when using the bathroom “ so he would n’t get caught up when he stood ” ) .
Sensing her husband ’s embarrassment , Sarah undresses herself .
Their bodies are in the open ; “ That is just you , and this is just me . ”
What starts as a moment of communion becomes a daily act , a presentation of bodies as a means of preservation .
Day 19 : Wednesday March 22
Reading : Love & Salt by Amy Andrews and Jessica Mesman Griffith
Andrews and Griffith met in a graduate school creative writing workshop , and their shared literary interest in God soon became personal searches .
Love &
Salt is their collected correspondence , as well as letters that remained , unsent , as notes .
Their epistles are layered and lyric , documents of friendship that are as intimate as they are inviting .
In Griffith ’s first letter , she longs to finally get Lent right , to live up to the words of Saint Ephraim ’s prayer : “ How many times have I promised , / Yet every time I failed to keep my word .
/ But disregard this according to Thy Grace . ”
The collection will make you long to find as worthy a correspondent as Andrews and Griffith ( each of their letters could serve as daily devotions , bringing to life the statement they share from Vivian Gornick : “ The letter , written in absorbed silence , is an act of faith . ” ) .
Day 20 : Thursday March 23
Reading : “ From a Window ” by Christian Wiman
Halfway through Lent , the heart can harden .
Reflection leads to regret .
Christian Wiman , the former editor of Poetry magazine , is the perfect poet for this time .
Wiman ’s verse has the uncanny ability to swiftly and believably transition from melancholy to joy .
His memoir , My Bright Abyss , documents his unlikely journey back to Christian belief after being diagnosed with incurable cancer .
Speaking about his return to belief , Wiman says “ I have no illusions about adding to sophisticated theological thinking .
But I think there are a ton of people out there who are what you might call unbelieving believers , people whose consciousness is completely modern and yet who have this strong spiritual hunger in them .
I would like to say something helpful to those people . ”
“ From a Window , ” written during an admitted time of despair , says something .
“ Incurable and unbelieving / in any truth but the truth of grieving , ” Wiman watches a flock of birds rise from a tree , “ as if the leaves had livelier ghosts . ”
He presses his face against the window and wonders if the birds were “ a single being undefined / or countless beings of one mind , ” and admits that their “ strange cohesion / [ is ] beyond the limits of my vision . ”
He pulls back , his skeptic ’s mind reassured that the tree he is watching with a shaken heart is no different now save for the observer , and yet that same independence of existence — the fact that this beautiful , simple moment did not need him to observe it , and that recognition “ is where the joy came in . ”
Day 21 : Friday March 24
Reading : “ I Was Never Able to Pray ” by Edward Hirsch
Gabriel , Hirsch ’s book - length poem about the life and death of his adopted son , contains an unbeliever ’s admonition : “ I will not forgive you / Indifferent God / Until you give me back my son . ”
“ I Was Never Able to Pray ” predates his loss , but presents a similar song .
Why would an unbeliever care about God ?
Designations of believer and atheist , pious and heretic are only useful as generalizations .
Hirsch ’s critical interests have always dealt with God-wounded writers ( including James Joyce and W.B. Yeats ) , so it is not surprising to see that language extend to his own narrators .
In this poem , the speaker wishes to be taken to the shore , where the “ moon tolls in the rafters ” and he can “ hear the wind paging through the trees . ”
His lines of unbelief arrive on the tongue of faith : “ I was never able to pray , / but let me inscribe my name / in the book of waves ” as he looks up to the “ sky that never ends . ”
Day 22 : Saturday March 25
Reading : “ The Widow of Naim ” by Thomas Merton
The non-fiction meditations of Thomas Merton could fill an entire Lenten reading schedule , but his poetic considerations of faith and Scripture are also worthy .
Merton studied poetry at Columbia , and was “ turned on like a pinball machine by Blake , Thomas Aquinas , Augustine , Meister Eckhart , Coomaraswamy , Traherne , Hopkins , Maritain , and the sacraments of the Catholic Church . ”
Yet like Hopkins , Merton lamented his more creative self , “ this shadow , this double , this writer who had followed me into the cloister . ”
Although less than half of Merton ’s verse was specifically religious , he did enjoy recasting Scripture into poetry ( in pieces like “ The Evening of the Visitation , ” “ An Argument : of the Passion of Christ , ” “ The Sponge Full of Vinegar , ” “ The House of Caiaphas , ” “ Aubade — The Annunciation , ” and “ Cana ” ) .
The Naim sequence only lasts seven verses , and is often lost between the Capernaum centurion and Christ ’s reflection on John the Baptist .
In Luke ’s version , Christ arrives at Naim along with his disciples at the same time a man “ who had died was being carried out . ”
Christ tells the mother of the man , the titular widow , to not weep .
He touches the bier , a support for the coffin , and the “ bearers stood still . ”
Christ tells the dead man to arise , and he does .
Merton ’s poetic recasting begins by moving the initial focus from the arrival of Christ to “ the gravediggers and the mourners of the town , who , ‘ White as the wall … follow / to the new tomb a widow ’s sorrow . ’”
The mourners meet a crowd of strangers who “ smell of harvests … [ and ] nets , ” and who question the mourners : “ Why go you down to graves , with eyes like winters / And your cold faces clean as cliffs ? /
See how we come , our brows are full of sun . ”
These strangers allude to the “ wonder ” of the miracle to come .
Yet Merton ’s twist arrives as an address to the reader that the “ widow ’s son , after the marvel of his miracle : / He did not rise for long , and sleeps forever . ”
The man was resuscitated , not resurrected ; his gift of life was an ephemeral one .
This allows Merton to place the miracle along a continuum , to place the weight of an ancient tale on the shoulder of modern humanity , the crowd .
Day 23 : Monday March 27
Reading : “ Girls ” by Andre Dubus
Dubus contemplates the altar girl at Mass , she being the “ only altar girl I have ever seen . ”
That observation opens to a short reflection about Mary , the “ first priest . ”
He catalogues her potential fears , which begin with her encounter with the angel Gabriel , continue with her need to find shelter to have the child , and then the knowledge “ she would lose Him because he was God . ”
He thinks about how he and this girl at Mass see the “ cross as a sign of love , ” but for Mary it was “ wood and a dying son and grief . ”
I ’ve written a few appreciations of Dubus , but in brief : pair “ Girls ” with his fiction , particularly “ A Father ’s Story , ” and you have a portrait of a writer , a father , for whom faith is essential .
Day 24 : Tuesday March 28
Reading : “ Back in Ireland ” by Thomas McGuane
St. Patrick would be proud of McGuane ’s prose , as close to an American Joyce as possible ( particularly his earlier , more sardonic novels like The Sporting Club ) .
His more recent content has moved out West , capturing the spirit of breeding and raising cutting horses in Montana , but his prose retains its Celtic rhythms .
“ Back in Ireland ” is the memory of a long - ago “ meandering trip ” to fish in southern Ireland : “ I was at that blissful stage in my life when my services were sought by no one .
I did n’t know how good I had it . ”
He is thankful for the guidance of a local angler , the type of person “ who could never recall when they began fishing , so undivided was it from the thread of their lives . ”
McGuane notices that the entire town blessed themselves nearly constantly , “ a rakish bit of muscle memory that I found myself imitating . ”
Church might have been a bit too much of a commitment , but the shadow of devotion “ seemed to help before a difficult presentation … [ of ] the listless slob of a brown trout , curd fattened at the outlet of a small creamery on the Loobagh River . ”
McGuane ’s sentences slather as heavy as fellow lapsed Irish - Catholic Joyce : “ Stately , plump Buck Mulligan came from the stairhead , bearing a bowl of lather on which a mirror and a razor lay crossed . ”
Day 25 : Wednesday March 29
Reading : “ Prophecy ” by Dana Gioia
Gioia ’s poetry , essays , and arts advocacy have long made him an essential writer .
His recent , spirited essay , “ The Catholic Writer Today , ” has reignited the debate about the role of writing of faith within secular literary culture .
Gioia ’s own poems never proselytize .
“ Prophecy ” contains a few direct questions , but is all wonder .
What does a child staring out of a window think about ?
“ For what is prophecy but the first inkling / of what we ourselves must call into being ? ”
The prophetic sense ca n’t be prayed or willed into existence , there is “ No voice in thunder . ”
The necessary “ gift is listening / and hearing what is only meant for you . ”
“ O Lord of indirection and ellipses , ” the speaker says , “ ignore our prayers .
Deliver us from distraction … And grant us only what we fear . ”
Day 26 : Thursday March 30
Reading : “ Life of Sundays ” by Rodney Jones
Years ago , Jones visited my first undergraduate poetry workshop , and was given a packet of student work .
My poem about fishing was in the bunch .
Jones read the poem aloud to the class , and then went on to praise my lines .
I do n’t think they were worthy of his good words , but he was n’t there to criticize .
I might think that he was merely playing a part , but Jones ’s poetry tends to be rather forgiving and observant .
“ Life of Sundays ” is no different .
Although the speaker does n’t go to church anymore , “ I want to at times , to hear the diction / And the tone . ”
What happens at the service “ is devotion , which would n’t change if I heard / The polished sermon , the upright ’s arpeggios of vacant notes . ”
He wonders : “ What else could unite widows , bankers , children , and ghosts ? ”
Although his belief has passed , he feels “ the abundance of calm ” from this ritual of Sundays , a day when the “ syntax of prayers is so often reversed , / Aimed toward the dead who clearly have not gone ahead . ”
“ And though I had no prayer , ” the speaker says , “ I wanted to offer something / Or ask for something , perhaps out of habit . ”
Day 27 : Friday March 31
Reading : “ First Day of Winter ” by Breece Pancake
It is difficult to not write about Breece Pancake in elegiac terms .
Even one of his closest mentors , the great James Alan McPherson , said “ there was a mystery about [ him ] that I will not claim to have penetrated . ”
His friend John Casey felt the same way , saying Pancake , who converted in his 20s , “ took faith with intensity , almost as if he had a different , deeper measure of time . ”
Pancake ’s fiction does arrive with an almost overwhelming sense of inevitability , from “ The Way It Has To Be ” to “ Time and Again . ” “ First Day of Winter ” is equally unsparing , although Pancake wrings a drop of hope from these characters .
“ Hollis sat by his window all night , staring at the ghost in glass , looking for some way out of the tomb Jake had built for him . ”
That tomb is his parents ’ farm .
His mother ’s “ mind half gone from blood too thick in her veins , ” his father blind .
Jake would not take in his parents at his own home .
Hollis wrestles with a car that wo n’t start , its “ grinding echoed through the hollows , across the hills . ”
His knuckles bloodied from the cold , he tells his father about Jake ’s rejection , but Jake is the prodigal son .
Hollis ’s plan is no better : he intends to take his parents to the state nursing home .
As often occurs in Pancake ’s stories , there seems no way out , particularly not for Hollis , whose jealousy of his brother is clear ( he has to watch his mother fawn over a photo of Jake and his family ) .
Hollis snaps and tells his mother of Jake ’s rejection , and that breaks his father ’s spirit .
They leave the room , and Hollis goes outside , where their “ land lay brittle , open , and dead . ”
Back inside , Hollis hears “ the cattle lowing to be fed , heard the soft rasp of his father ’s crying breath , heard his mother ’s humming of a hymn . ”
Like that , in the span of a sentence , Pancake breaths light , however faint , into this world : “ The sun was blackened with snow , and the valley closed in quietly with humming , quietly as an hour of prayer . ”
Day 28 : Saturday April 1
Reading : The Temptation of Saint Anthony by Gustave Flaubert
Echoing the language he used to describe his writing of Emma Bovary , Flaubert said “ I was in Saint Anthony as Saint Anthony himself . ”
Flaubert began the novel in 1848 but it was not published until 1874 .
An early audience of friends said he should burn the book and never speak of it .
Flaubert , undeterred , said “ It is my whole life ’s work . ”
That work is a novel in the form of a play , a dramatization of St. Anthony ’s tempestuous night in the desert .
Michel Foucault called Flaubert ’s phantasmagoric masterpiece “ the book of books . ”
Day 29 : Monday April 3
Reading : Resuscitation of a Hanged Man by Denis Johnson
Johnson was once asked how he would “ characterize the theological questions you ask about religion or to God in your work , ” and responded in turn : “ Ah , now — this is a question I ’ve learned to run from , and it ’s the chief reason I avoid giving interviews .
If I ’ve discussed these things in the past , I should n’t have .
I ’m not qualified .
I do n’t know who God is , or any of that .
People concerned with those questions turn up in my stories , but I ca n’t explain why they do .
Sometimes I wish they would n’t . ”
He owes the question to Resuscitation of a Hanged Man , a novel the main character of which fails at the action of the title , and then replaces despair with drugs and work as a radio DJ .
Leonard English “ did n’t kneel in prayer each night out of habit , but fell to his knees on rare occasions and in a darkness of dread , as if he were letting go of a branch .
To his mind , God was a rushing river , God was an alligator , God was to be chosen over self - murder and over nothing else . ”
He prays to sleep with a woman he likes , but he does n’t “ pray anymore for faith , because he ’d found that a growing certainty of the Presence was accompanied by a terrifying absence of any sign or feeling or manifestation of it .
He was afraid that what he prayed to was nothing , only this limitless absence .
I ’ll grow until I ’ve found you , and you wo n’t be there . ”
Day 30 : Tuesday April 4
Reading : “ The Lord ’s Day ” by J.F. Powers
Although Powers won the National Book Award in 1963 for his novel Morte D’Urban , critic Denis Donoghue writes “ I think Powers knew that his native breath was that of the short story . ”
Powers was the poet laureate of the Midwestern priesthood .
His “ priests are shown in the world , quarreling with their colleagues and pastors , grubbing for money , angling for promotion , playing golf , drinking beer , passing the time .
If they have an intense spiritual life , we are not shown it …[ and yet ] no matter how commonplace or compromised the priest there is still are relation between him and the Christian vision he has acknowledged . ”
The daily life of a priest is not a sequence of miraculous highs and ecstatic visions .
It is hard , slow work .
A priest is a counselor , writer , politician .
Powers capture this splendid service like no other writer .
“ The Lord ’s Day ” is the best introduction to his work , a slice of clerical domesticity .
An unnamed priest has been stung twice by bees attracted to a mulberry tree near the rectory porch .
Despite the pleading of a nun , he takes an axe to the tree .
His body , “ a fat vision in black , ” is a contrast to the 12 women of the house , “ the apostles ” ( “ It was the kind of joke they could appreciate , but not to be carried too far , for then one of them must be Judas , which was not funny . ” ) .
Their shared home is not quite the picture of joy .
The house is “ sagging ” and “ daily surpassed itself in gloominess and was only too clean and crowded not to seem haunted . ”
The sisters sit around a table to count the collection from Mass .
The parish has bills to pay .
One nun says “ Come on , you money - changers , dig in ! ”
Another : “ Money , money , money . ”
Powers smirks his way through his tales ( my own experience with nuns is that they are the most hilarious and pious people I have ever met , their Baltimore Catechism shadows long since replaced with light ) .
Not all the sisters find humor in this work ; some wish Sundays were days of rest .
It is a day of rest for the priest — he is off to a round of golf .
The lead sister , “ determined to make up for the afternoon , to show them that she knew , perhaps , what she was doing , ” creates a ruse to hold - up the priest .
She asks him to inspect the stove , which has been smoking .
Annoyed , he says the problem is not the stove , but the only remaining mulberry tree , the one he ’d spared .
“ If you want your stove to work properly , it ’ll have to come down . ”
Rather than end the story with grace , Powers leaves the reader with the nun ’s curt thanks .
Frustrated , she leaves the priest , “ only wanting to get upstairs and wash the money off her hands . ”
Day 31 : Wednesday April 5
Reading : “ Annunciation Overheard from the Kitchen ” by Mary Szybist
Szybist ’s Marian poems appear in Incarnadine , which won the National Book Award .
Szybist ’s epigraph for the collection is from Simone Weil : “ The mysteries of faith are degraded if they are made into an object of affirmation and negation , when in reality they should be an object of contemplation . ”
Szybist ’s entire book is concerned with the Annunciation .
As a young Catholic , Szybist “ reached a point where I found myself unable to pray .
I was devastated by it .
I missed being able to say words in my head that I believed could be heard by a being , a consciousness outside me .
That is when I turned to poetry . ”
In “ Annunciation Overheard from the Kitchen , ” the narrator is “ washing the pears in cool water , ” listening .
This might not be the annunciation , but it is an annunciation .
That leveling of experience is not meant to devalue the precedent —
Szybist might be lapsed , but she is certainly not spiteful — but to rather raise the contemporary moment .
The speaker more than simply listens , she is open to sound as “ Windows around me everywhere half - open– / My skin alive with the pitch . ”
Day 32 : Thursday April 6
Reading : “ Blessing the Animals ” by R.A. Villanueva
Villanueva crafts quite the scene to begin this poem from his debut , Reliquaria : “ In a parking lot beside the church , cleared / save for bales of hay and traffic horses , ” are goats , llamas , border collies , and terriers .
Someone “ will garland parakeets with rosaries . ”
Cats are held like children as the priest crosses himself “ beside the flagpole where I learned to pledge allegiance . ”
The narrator ’s daily ritual is to fold the flag into triangles and bring it to the headmaster .
Villanueva ’s poems contain two planes : the devoted , lyric representations of faith and tradition , and the mischievous human impulse to break free .
However responsible the narrator might be , he is still a young man who would dare a friend to “ throw a bottle of Wite - Out ” at the statue of Jesus in that same parking lot , who would taunt God one moment while kneeling to pray to him the next .
Day 33 : Friday April 7
Reading : “ Quid Pro Quo ” by Paul Mariani
Mariani ’s poem is set in an empty university classroom , where a colleague asks the narrator “ what I thought now / of God ’s ways toward man ” after his wife ’s miscarriage .
The colleague merely expects a downward gaze , a smirk .
Instead , the narrator raises his middle finger “ up to heaven , ” taunting God .
Later , the narrator and his wife have a successful birth ; it ’s no small feat , this miracle , and the narrator is aware , leading to his wonder : “ How does one bargain / with a God like this , who , quid pro quo , ups / the ante each time He answers one sign with another ? ”
Day 34 : Saturday April 8
Reading : “ The Road to Emmaus ” by Spencer Reece
Reece , an Episcopal priest , has found inspiration in the “ spiritual journey ” of T.S. Eliot , often feeling “ in conversation with him . ”
Although “ The Road to Emmaus ” alludes to a resurrection appearance of Christ , Reece ’s verse , like so much poetry in the spirit of Lent , brings the ancient world to our seemingly mundane present .
His first line , “ The chair from Goodwill smelled of mildew , ” sets the atmosphere for a conversation the narrator has with Sister Ann , a Franciscan nun .
“ Above her gray head , / a garish postcard of the Emmaus scene … askew in its golden drugstore frame . ”
Cleopas and an unnamed disciple , while speaking about the disappearance of Christ , are joined by the “ resurrected Christ masquerading as a stranger . ”
The narrator of the poem has lost a love , and Sister Ann comforts him as he reflects on the past , including an AA meeting in a Lutheran church basement , when they “ ate salads out of Tupperware , ” but felt “ like first - century Christians — / a strident , hidden throng , electrified by a message . ”
The poem moves in many directions , not least of all Sister Ann ’s grace when she tells him “ Listening … is a memorable form of love . ”
Day 35 : Monday April 10
Reading : “ Gilding the Lily ” by Lisa Ampleman
If we think of Lent as a season of re-naming , of reconsidering who we are and how we are , then Lisa Ampleman ’s prose poem , “ Gilding the Lily , ” is a perfect representation of the season .
“ To keep anxiety at bay , my friend called chemo dragonfly love . ”
Ampleman ’s poem is like a work of pastoral care ; her narrator shows how we may weather grief and suffering by transforming them .
Her friend “ called nausea erotica .
Just the same , we name our storms to lessen them — not a tropical cyclone , but Arabella , with ballet shoes and bun …
Not hair loss , but deep conditioning . ”
The poem ’s final line is terminal : “ At the funeral I learned she was born Passalacqua : to cross the river , to pass a glass of water . ”
Our contemporary idea of the religious sense is hampered by the criticism that religion or belief feels like a whitewashing , or worse , an opiate .
This is to misunderstand and neuter the power of faith .
Poems like “ Gilding the Lily ” remind us that poems , like prayers , can be small salves .
Sometimes they are enough .
Day 36 : Tuesday April 11
Reading : “ Saint Monica Wishes on the Wrong Star ” by Mary Biddinger
Biddinger ’s Saint Monica chapbook places St. Augustine ’s pious mother in a Midwestern present .
Young , modern Monica is imperfect .
She fails .
She even gives incorrect “ details / outside the psychic ’s booth at the fair . ”
Monica , like Walker Percy ’s Binx Bolling , is transfixed by film .
She has always wanted to be different , but “ Who could blame / her , though ?
They lived in Michigan , / where nothing ever changed . ”
While working at a local pub , Monica wonders what would happen if she breaks a pint glass while washing it : “ Would she have to wait for the flush / of blood , or would the transformation / be instantaneous ? ”
Biddinger ’s poetry makes any transfiguration seem possible .
Day 37 : Wednesday April 12
“ The River ” ( pdf ) by Flannery O’Connor
Although “ Greenleaf ” ( pdf ) has been considered her “ Lent ” story , O’Connor ’s entire canon is fodder for the season .
“ The River ” is the story of Harry Ashfield , a boy of “ four or five ” years , who spends the day with a sitter , Mrs. Connin .
She is the prototypical O’Connor character : stern , judgmental , witty , and closer to God that anybody else she knows .
She decides to take the boy to the river , where a preacher has been healing believers .
The boy smirks his way through the story , and takes on the name of the preacher — Bevel — before the sitter learns his real name .
She feels it is her Christian duty to right the wrongs of his upbringing .
O’Connor tells the story filtered through his voice , and his day with Mrs. Connin is illuminating : “ He had found out already this morning that he had been made by a carpenter named Jesus Christ .
Before he had thought it had been a doctor named Sladewall , a fat man with a yellow mustache who gave him shots and thought his name was Herbert . ”
Later , Mrs. Connin presents
Harry to the preacher for baptism in the river , and also says “ He wants you to pray for his mamma .
She ’s sick . ”
The preacher asks the boy for explanation , and it is simple : “ She has n’t got up yet …
She has a hangover . ”
O’Connor ’s next line —
“ The air was so quiet he could hear the broken pieces of the sun knocking the water ” — captures the atmosphere of her fiction .
O’Connor ’s Catholic sense was a skeptical sense .
Her skepticism can easily be misread as cynicism .
The boy is baptized , but , like so many of O’Connor ’s stories , “ The River ” ends on a solemn note .
Yet that is not why she is appropriate to Lent .
O’Connor belongs to this season because she offers no easy paths toward God .
In fact , those who think they know the route — who might even deny it from others in word or deed — are due the severest rebuke .
Day 38 : Thursday April 13
Reading : The Power and the Glory by Graham Greene
If there ever were a writer willing to dine with “ tax collectors and sinners , ” it was Greene .
If I ever get too sentimental about faith , reading Greene keeps me in check .
He was the first to admit he was no saint ( he would probably admit to being the antithesis ) , but novels like The Power and the Glory capture the tension between belief and sin .
Greene ’s novel plays it serious , but his essays and letters about his conversion are predictably wry .
He once received useful advice from a Father Trollope : “ See the danger of going too far .
Be very careful .
Keep well within your depth . ”
Greene ’s novel about an atheist lieutenant chasing a “ whiskey priest ” across Mexico is part thriller , part theological treatise , all Lenten document .
Take off work on Holy Thursday , get this book , and read it cover to cover .
Day 39 : Friday April 14
Reading : “ Today is Friday ” by Ernest Hemingway
Hemingway claimed to receive “ extreme unction ” from a priest while on an Italian battlefield in July 1918 .
A decade later , he would claim to be a “ very dumb Catholic , ” and planned to not speak about his Catholic conversion because he knew “ the importance of setting an example . ”
Matthew Nickel , one of the few critics to resurrect Hemingway ’s found faith , explains what while Hemingway was not publically “ comfortable being known as a Catholic writer , ” he was no nominal believer , having “ performed the rituals of Catholicism for forty years : attending Mass , eating fish on Fridays , having Masses said for friends and family , donating thousands of dollars to the churches in Key West and Idaho , celebrating saints days , and visiting and revisiting important pilgrimage sites and cathedrals . ”
The Old Man and the Sea , The Sun Also Rises , and “ Hills like White Elephants ” hit loud and soft religious notes , but “ Today is Friday ” has always unsettled me in a particularly Lenten fashion .
Only hours after Christ is crucified , three Romans soldiers are drinking at a bar with a “ Hebrew wine - seller ” named George .
Add Hemingway ’s oddly contemporary speech ( “ Lootenant ” ) , and “ Today is Friday ” is an odd play .
Two soldiers banter about the wine while one feels sick ; his pain is “ Jesus Christ . ”
The first soldier says “ He did n’t want to come down off the cross .
That ’s not his play . ”
The second soldier wonders “ What became of his gang ? ”
The first soldier , who “ slip[ed ] the old spear into him …because it “ was the least I could do , ” says Christ ’s disciples “ faded out .
Just the women stuck by him . ”
“ Today is Friday ” sounds like how Hemingway would have explained the Passion while seated at a bar .
The uncomfortably comedic play ends with a sting .
The soldiers leave the bar and the third , uneasy soldier speaks truth : “ I feel like hell tonight . ”
Day 40 : Saturday April 15
“ Christ ’s Elbows ” by Brian Doyle
Novelist , essayist , and poet Doyle is the literary antidote to cynicism .
I ’ve never seen a writer so good be so positive , and do so without lapsing into sentimentality .
Doyle ’s Mink River is a gem of a novel , but his shorter pieces make for effective reflection .
His essay “ Joyas Voladores ” is a personal favorite , and “ What do poems do ? ” shows how Doyle turns every narrative moment into an opportunity for revelation and epiphany .
The narrator visits a kindergarten , where children ask ridiculous questions before arriving at the eternal query of the poem ’s title .
Doyle delivers , starting with the observation that poems “ swirl / Leaves along sidewalks suddenly when there is no wind . ”
The next 10 lines are the best appreciation I ’ve ever seen of the power of poetry .
Doyle ’s poem should be required reading for all teachers .
“ Christ ’s Elbows , ” an essay from his collection Leaping : Revelations & Epiphanies , is the perfect end to a season of change .
Doyle asks us to think about the physicality of Christ , a man who died at his physical peak .
He admits that scriptural “ accounts of [ Christ ’s ] body in action are few and far between , ” so Doyle wants us to act on faith , imagining a young man serving as a carpenter ’s apprentice or running in fields .
Doyle wonders : “ Did his hand swallow the hand of the girl he raised from the dead ? ” Christ , an itinerant preacher , likely had a form much like a marathon runner .
Doyle considers the one moment — other than as he hung on the cross — when Christ ’s physicality was in full view : “ when he lets himself go and flings over the first moneychanger ’s table in the temple at Jerusalem . ”
Like a good priest , Doyle pauses his discussion , and says “ think of the man for a second , not the eternal Son of Light . ”
Think of a man charged and ready .
A man who , after the drama of the moment , “ would resume the life and work that rivet us to this day . ”
A life and work that “ upends our world , over and over . ”
The glory and the grace of tomorrow will come soon enough , but for now , Doyle suggests , “ Perhaps the chaos of our plans is the shadow of his smile . ”
Image Credit : Flickr / echiner1
Garland Favorito
Infowars.com
March 30 , 2010
On Friday , former Senator Nancy Schaefer and her husband were found dead in their home in Habersham County .
Even before a GBI investigation could be initiated , media outlets began pronouncing that their death was a “ murder - suicide ” and shut off most public comment posting on their web sites .
The “ murder suicide ” theory implies that Sen .
Schaefer ’s husband shot her and then killed himself ( or vice versa ) .
Both Habersham County and the Georgia Bureau of Investigation began investigating the case as a “ murder suicide ” rather than the more obvious “ murder made to look like suicide ” .
Like so many people , I have known former Sen.
Nancy Schaefer for 15 years and spoken to several people who know her better than I do .
They believe that the “ murder suicide ” theory is highly unlikely for any one of the following reasons :
1 . It is totally against Nancy Schaefer ’s consistently strong commitment to the sanctity of life principles that she has fought so valiantly to uphold ;
2. Nancy and her husband , Bruce , have five children and more than a dozen grandchildren who they would not choose to leave behind so abruptly ;
3 . Bruce ’s problem with cancer was corrected and under control so there was no reason to end his life as one senator tried to imply ;
4. Nancy or Bruce would not likely agree to commit such an act that violates the fundamental principles of their Christian faith ;
5 . Bruce was retired and the couple did not appear to be in any type of dire financial crisis that would lead them to commit such acts ;
6. Bruce and Nancy knew that her sister who had Alzheimer ’s disease needed her to help take care of her ;
7 . Friends who knew the couple best state that Bruce would simply not have the capability to kill his wife ;
8. Nancy was dedicated , as a national leader , to help needy people overcome abuse within Child Protective Services organizations ;
9 . Nancy was actively exposing corruption within the Department of Family & Child Services ( DFCS ) including actions by the DFCS director in the county where she lived .
10 .
Nancy knew that she was needed in the fight against child sex slave trafficking in Atlanta which has one of the highest activity rates in the country ;
11 . Bruce was highly supportive of Nancy ’s work for decades and would have little or no reason to suddenly try to kill her at such a critical juncture in her career .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
Specifically in Georgia , former Senator Nancy Schaefer had found during the last few years that :
– in Georgia housed children in a foster home with a known pedophile who molested the children .
– in Habersham County failed to remove six children from a home where they are being abused and tortured .
– in Georgia turned two girls over to a California father who had a pornographic video business .
A report that Nancy Schaefer produced on these remarkable cases can be found here :
http://fightcps.com/2008/02/29/report-of-georgia-senator-nancy-schaefer-on-cps-corruption/
Nancy Schaefer was also interviewed extensively by talk show host Alex Jones about corruption in Child Protection Services nationally .
A multi-part series of her interview and an Eagle Forum presentation can be found on You Tube here :
http://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=nancy+schaefer&search_type=&aq=f
In addition , Senator Schaefer led opposition to HB582 and SB304 , two bills introduced by fellow Republicans that would have likely resulted in increasing child sex slave trafficking .
These bills would have made it legal for teenagers to participate in certain illicit acts .
The bills effectively removed the legal authority that police now have to pick teenagers up and get them into protective custody so that they can no longer be pimped for those acts .
As President of Georgia Eagle Forum , Nancy Schaefer planned to be in Alabama this weekend for an Eagle Forum convention .
Instead she chose to stay in Georgia to develop new information that would have further exposed corruption in DFCS and beyond .
Many Eagle forum members who were close to Sen .
Schaefer were aware of her courageous efforts .
None of them believe that either she or her husband was involved in any type of suicide .
It is particularly ironic that the Atlanta Journal Constitution ( AJC ) chose to quote State Sen. Don Thomas in their March 26 article about Sen. Schaefer ’s death .
The AJC portrayed him as a friend of the couple even though he lives on the other side of the state from the Schaefer family and was diametrically opposed to many of their core beliefs .
Sen .
Thomas , the Chairman of the Health and Human Services Committee , immediately propagated and expanded the “ murder - suicide ” theory without any first - hand knowledge or evidence .
That is very disturbing considering it is his committee that should have been helping to clean up the corruption at DFCS .
Activists supporting Sen . Schaefer explained that he constantly advocated increased power and authority for DFCS in spite of the evidence showing the organization was misusing that authority .
With Nancy Schaefer no longer on the scene the question may be raised as to how best to continue her legacy .
I believe that she would want conservatives , progressives , libertarians , constitutionalists as well as grass roots Democrats and Republicans throughout Georgia to unite and work to rectify the corruption in DFCS and eliminate child sex slave trafficking in Georgia .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Greatest snowfall in recorded history at
Dulles International Airport
Shatters old record by almost 10 inches
7 Feb 10 - Email from reader Kenneth Lund :
I believe NOAA is nothing but a fraud anyway , and wonder why they fail to use words such as " greatest snowfall in recorded history " or " greatest all - time snowfall in history . "
I checked the weather service snow report at the Dulles International Airport this morning , and all they have to say is that the 32.4 inches at Dulles exceeds the previous two - day record of 23.2 inches in 1996 .
It also beats the old record by almost 10 inches .
How come that 's not mentioned ?
It does n't look like there are any other records of mention before the 23.2 inches for Dulles in 1996 .
Should n't this be called " the greatest snowfall in recorded history " at that location ? "
I agree , Ken .
Here 's their official report .
NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE BALTIMORE MD/ WASHINGTON DC
1030 PM EST SAT FEB 06 2010
PRELIMINARY SUMMARY OF TWO - DAY STORM TOTAL SNOWFALLS EXCEEDED IN THE BALTIMORE -WASHINGTON AREA ...
THE 32.4 INCH TWO - DAY STORM TOTAL SNOWFALL RECORDED TODAY AT DULLES INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT EXCEEDS THE PREVIOUS TWO - DAY STORM RECORD OF 23.2 INCHES ON 7 - 8 JANUARY 1996 .
http://www.erh.noaa.gov/lwx/feb_5_6_snow_pns.php
Thanks to Kenneth Lund for this link
Jugendschutz " Sieg der Bürokratie über die Parlamente "
Mit einer Filtersoftware , die Altersfreigaben von Web - Seiten ausliest , sollen Eltern ungeeignete Angebote für ihre Kinder sperren können .
Das sieht der neue Staatsvertrag zum Jugendschutz vor , klingt aber besser als es ist : Netzaktivisten warnen vor Restriktionen und Zwangskennzeichnung .
Researchers at MIT have demonstrated the first laser that uses the element germanium .
The laser , which operates at room temperature , could prove to be an important step toward computer chips that move data using light instead of electricity , say the researchers .
" This is a very important breakthrough , one I would say that has the highest possible significance in the field , " says Eli Yablonovitch , a professor in the electrical engineering and computer science department of the University of California , Berkeley who was not involved in the research told Wired.com .
" It will greatly reduce the cost of communications and make for faster chips . "
Even as processors become more powerful , they 're running into a communications barrier :
Just moving data between different parts of the chip takes too long .
Also , higher bandwidth connections are needed to send data to memory .
Traditional copper connections are becoming impractical because they consume too much power to transport data at the increasingly higher rates needed by next - generation chips .
Copper also generates excessive heat , and that imposes other design limits because engineers need to find ways of dissipating the heat .
Transmitting data with lasers , which can concentrate light into a narrow , powerful beam , could be a cheaper and more power efficient alternative .
The idea , known as photonic computing , has become one of the hottest areas of computer research .
" The laser is just totally new physics , " says Lionel Kimerling , an MIT professor whose Electronic Materials Research Group developed the germanium laser .
While lasers are attractive , the materials that are used in lasers currently – such as gallium arsenide – can be difficult to integrate into fabs .
That 's given birth to " external lasers , " says Yablonovitch .
Lasers have to be constructed separately and grafted on to the chips , instead of directly building them on the same silicon that holds the chips ' circuits .
This reduces the efficiency and increases the cost .
A germanium laser solves that problem , because it could in principle be built alongside the rest of the chip , using similar processes and in the same factory .
" It 's going to take a few years to learn how to integrate this type of laser into a standard silicon process , " says Yablonovitch .
" But once we know that , we can have silicon communication chips that have internal lasers . "
Eventually , MIT researchers believe germanium lasers could be used not just for communications , but for the logic elements of the chips too – helping to build computers that perform calculations using light instead of electricity .
But University of California , Berkeley 's Yablonovitch says it is unlikely that light will replace electricity entirely .
" I think we will be using light in conjunction with electronic logic circuits , " he says .
" Light allows internal communications much more efficiently , but the logic elements themselves are likely to remain driven by electricity . "
Graphic : Christine Daniloff / MIT
Elidor asks :
" What are my rights when I refuse to submit to a recorded electronic strip search at an airport ?
Do they have any right to detain me ?
Could they single me out for scanning a second time , or are they forced to stick to their alleged " random " sampling ?
I 'm not going to put up with this sort of harassment from the authorities , but as long as they 're still at the low - level random sampling stage of it , I 'm willing to attempt to fly knowing I 've got a 95 % - odd chance of making my flight .
I just want to know where I stand if I get unlucky on the day . "
The introduction of body scanners in the wake of the failed Christmas Day attack was clearly a rushed attempt to show that something was being done .
We at Liberty are far from convinced that this expensive and intrusive technology is necessary or that it will be deployed in a lawful , proportionate and sensitive manner .
But the first point to make is that their introduction ( so far only at Manchester and Heathrow airports , I believe ) did not come with any additional legal obligations on passengers ; like all other airport security measures , compliance is simply a condition of flying .
So Elidor can refuse to go through the scanner at the expense of missing the flight .
I am doubtful whether the idea of joining the back of the queue and trying a second time would work .
The interim code of practice issued by the Department for Transport does not limit the use of body scanners to any strict random method .
It simply says that passengers must not be selected on the basis of personal characteristics .
I do n't see anything unlawful ( or even objectionable ) in selecting a passenger for a security check on the grounds that they had refused to comply with one moments earlier .
Elidor is also free to leave the airport if he refuses to be scanned , subject to one caveat .
schedule 7 of the Terrorism Act 2000 gives the police additional powers at ports ( including airports ) to detain and question for up to nine hours anyone who they believe is using the port to travel , in order to determine whether that person is a terrorist – as in , is " concerned in the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism " .
An officer can question a person on whether or not there are any grounds for suspecting that the person is a terrorist , and can also search the person or anything he owns or is carrying , provided the object to be searched is on a ship or aircraft or the officer believes it has been or will be .
The officer can seize anything he finds during his searches for up to seven days , or for as long as he believes it will be needed as evidence in a criminal trial or a deportation decision – whichever is longer .
It is a criminal offence to refuse to comply with a search or questioning .
The detained person is entitled to telephone a solicitor , but cannot delay answering questions until a solicitor arrives .
These powers are incredibly broad and subject to very few safeguards .
The Home Office code of practice says that officers " must use the powers proportionately and should make every reasonable effort to minimise causing embarrassment or offence to a person who has no terrorist connections . "
It also says that the powers " should not be exercised in a way which unfairly discriminates against a person " on any of a number of grounds , including race or religion , and that the examining officer should bear in mind that the primary reason for using the powers is " to maximise disruption of terrorist movements into and out of the United Kingdom . "
The breadth of the power , however , means that it will be almost impossible to challenge its use in any individual case .
If Elidor were detained under schedule 7 immediately after refusing to be scanned , and it appeared that this was done as a sanction for failing to comply with security officers or as a deterrent to other passengers , then it could be argued that the detention was unlawful .
But since the power could also be used lawfully on someone in these circumstances ( indeed it would arguably be sensible to do so if a passenger appears nervous and runs away the moment he or she is selected ) , it will be very difficult to prove in an isolated case that the officer had an improper motive .
More broadly , it might be possible to argue that the power under schedule 7 is incompatible with article 5 of the European convention on human rights , which states that everyone has the right to liberty and security and that no one shall be deprived of his liberty except in certain limited circumstances .
Liberty made a similar argument in respect of stop and search powers under section 44 of the Terrorism Act in the case of Gillan v Metropolitan Police .
The House of Lords decided , however , that any deprivation of liberty involved in such a search would not violate article 5 because it would be " in order to secure the fulfilment of any obligation prescribed by law " – a type of detention permitted by article 5 ( 1 ) ( b ) .
Lord Bingham said that the relevant " obligation " was the obligation on all members of the public not to obstruct a constable exercising lawful powers under section 44 of the Terrorism Act .
This reasoning is supported by a 1981 European commission case ( McVeigh and others v UK ) which concerned a power to detain at ports very similar to the power under schedule 7 , but in my view it is circular and open to challenge .
The framers of the convention cannot have envisaged that " any obligation prescribed by law " under article 5 ( 1 ) ( b ) could include the simple obligation not to obstruct a constable ; otherwise , article 5 would permit any police power of detention however broad or unreasonable .
Further , although the European court did not rule on article 5 when it considered the Gillan case , it did decide that the sweeping powers created by section 44 violated article 8 ( the right to respect for private and family life ) .
Since one of the key factors in the court 's decision was the fact that there were inadequate safeguards against abuse – a charge that also applies to schedule 7 – it may now be worth seeking to challenge schedule 7 under both articles 5 and 8 .
I suspect , however , that the prospect of a legal challenge , which would probably need to be taken through all of the domestic courts and on to the European court in order to overturn the reasoning in Gillan and McVeigh , is not the type of reassurance that Elidor was after .
• Do you have a question for Liberty 's lawyers ?
Post it here .
ESPN Classic : Best of the decade
Need a break from relatives and kids and shopping malls and a 76th listening of " Jingle Bells " ?
Then turn on ESPN Classic from Dec. 26 through Jan. 2 for a special presentation of the best games of the decade -- eight days and 192 hours of comebacks , championships and clutch plays .
Here 's the complete schedule .
Set your DVR now .
Saturday , Dec. 26
Midnight - 2 a.m. : 2000 World Series , Game 5 , Yankees versus Mets .
Yankees win their third straight World Series title .
2 a.m. - 4 a.m. : 2000 NHL regular season , Maple Leafs versus Penguins .
After a 3 ½ - year absence from hockey , Mario Lemieux returns to the ice for Pittsburgh with one goal and two assists in 5 - 0 win .
4 a.m.-6 a.m. : 2000 Eastern Conference finals , Game 7 , Devils versus Flyers .
Devils come back from a 3 - 1 series deficit to win Game 7 , 2 - 1 .
6 a.m.-8 a.m. : 2001 NBA regular season , Wizards versus Knicks .
Michael Jordan returns to NBA with the Wizards in front of a sellout crowd at Madison Square Garden .
He finishes with 19 points but the Wizards lose 93-91 .
8 a.m.-11 a.m. : 2001 GMAC Bowl , Marshall versus East Carolina .
Byron Leftwich throws for 576 yards and leads Marshall to a tremendous comeback and a 64 - 61 double - overtime victory .
11 a.m.-1 p.m. : 2001 NHL Stanley Cup finals , Game 7 , Devils versus Avalanche .
Colorado wins the Stanley Cup and Ray Bourque finally lifts the Cup .
1 p.m.-3 p.m. : 2001 , Duke versus Maryland .
Duke makes up 10 - point deficit with under a minute left to tie the game and force overtime , where Shane Battier scores the last six points for a 98 - 96 win .
3 p.m.-5 p.m. : 2001 Wimbledon final , Goran Ivanisevic versus Patrick Rafter .
Ivanisevic finally prevails at Wimbledon , beating Rafter 6 - 3 , 3 - 6 , 6 - 3 , 2 - 6 , 9- 7 .
5 p.m.-7 p.m. : 2002 NBA Finals , Game 4 , Lakers versus Nets .
Lakers complete three - peat with sweep of the Nets .
7 p.m.-7:30 p.m. : 2001 , Lennox Lewis versus Hasim Rahman .
Rahman pulls off Ring Magazine 's Upset of the Year and Knockout of the Year as he knocks out Lennox Lewis in the fifth round .
7:30 p.m.-9:30 p.m. : 2001 World Series , Game 7 , Diamondbacks versus Yankees .
Luis Gonzalez 's broken - bat single off Mariano Rivera wins the series for Arizona .
9:30 p.m.- midnight : 2001 U.S. Open quarterfinal , Andre Agassi versus Pete Sampras .
Sampras outlasts Agassi 6 - 7 ( 7 - 9 ) , 7 - 6 ( 7 - 2 ) , 7 - 6 ( 7 - 2 ) , 7 - 6 ( 7 - 5 ) in this epic battle between the two rivals .
Sunday , Dec. 27
12:30 a.m.-2:30 a.m. : 2001 , Dodgers versus Giants .
Barry Bonds hits home run No. 73 to finish the season with a new single - season record .
2:30 a.m. - 3 a.m. : 2001 , Lennox Lewis versus Hasim Rahman .
Rahman pulls off Ring Magazine 's Upset of the Year and Knockout of the Year as he knocks out Lennox Lewis in the fifth round .
3 a.m. -4 a.m. : 2001 , Micky Ward versus Emanuel Burton .
Ward wins a 10 - round decision in the 2001 Ring Magazine Fight of Year .
4 a.m.-6 a.m. : 2002 Big East Tournament championship , Connecticut versus Pittsburgh .
The Huskies win a classic Big East title game in double overtime , 74 -65 .
6 a.m.-8 a.m. : 2002 NBA Eastern Conference finals , Game 3 , Nets versus Celtics .
The Celtics overcome a 21 - point deficit in the fourth quarter to win 94 - 90 in one of largest comebacks in playoff history .
8 a.m.-10 a.m. : 2002 Australian Open final , Jennifer Capriati versus Martina Hingis .
Capriati saves four match points in the second set and defeats Hingis .
10 a.m.-1 p.m. : 2002 Little League World Series semifinal .
Louisville defeats Fort Worth 2 - 1 in a game that features nine innings of no -hit ball and a record 49 strikeouts by five different pitchers .
1 p.m.-6 p.m. : 2003 Australian Open quarterfinal , Andy Roddick versus Younes El Aynaoui .
Roddick prevails 4 - 6 , 7 - 6 ( 5 ) , 4 - 6 , 6 - 4 , 21-19 in this classic marathon match that lasts four hours , 59 minutes .
6 p.m.-9 p.m. : 2003 Fiesta Bowl , Ohio State versus Miami .
In one of the greatest bowl games of all time , Ohio State upsets Miami 31 - 24 in two overtimes to become national champ .
9 p.m.-11 p.m. : 2003 ALCS , Game 7 , Red Sox versus Yankees .
Aaron Boone becomes an instant hero in New York as his 11th - inning home run off of Tim Wakefield sends the Yankees to the World Series .
11 p.m.-1 a.m. : 2003 Heritage Classic , Canadiens versus Oilers .
The first regular - season outdoor NHL game is played in Edmonton , with the Canadiens winning 4 - 3 thanks to two goals by Richard Zednik .
Monday , Dec. 28
1 a.m. -2 a.m. : 2003 Rocky Juarez versus Antonio Diaz .
Juarez beats Diaz in the 10th round in Ring Magazine 's Knockout of the Year for 2003 .
2 a.m. -4 a.m. : 2003 NCAA championship , Syracuse versus Kansas .
Hakim Warrick and freshman Carmelo Anthony lead Syracuse to an 81-78 win over Kansas .
4 a.m. -5 a.m. : 2003 World Series of Poker final table .
Chris Moneymaker wins the $ 2.5 million first prize .
5 a.m.-6 a.m. : 2003 PBA Earl Anthony Classic .
Norm Duke bowls a 300 game in the semifinals , the 15th televised perfect game in PBA history .
6 a.m.-7 a.m. : 2003 PBA Cambridge Credit Classic .
Mika Koivuniemi tosses the 16th televised 300 game in PBA history .
7 a.m.-9 a.m. : 2004 , Diamondbacks versus Braves .
Randy Johnson tosses a perfect game at age 40 .
9 a.m.-11 a.m. : 2004 women 's NCAA championship , Connecticut versus Tennessee .
The UConn women win 70 - 61 over rival Tennessee , giving the Huskies ' men and women national titles in the same year .
11 a.m.-1 p.m. : 2004 NCAA semifinal , Connecticut versus Duke .
Emeka Okafor helps the Huskies beat Duke 79 - 78 to advance to the national championship .
1 p.m.-3 p.m. : 2005 NCAA regional final , Arizona versus Illinois .
Illinois trails by 15 with four minutes to play , but Deron Williams leads the comeback and 90 - 89 overtime victory .
3 p.m.-5 p.m. : 2006 NCAA regional final , George Mason versus Connecticut .
No. 11 seed George Mason upsets Connecticut 86 - 84 .
5 p.m.-7 p.m. : 2004 ALCS , Game 4 , Yankees versus Red Sox .
Down 3 - 0 in the ALCS , the Red Sox avoid the sweep after Dave Roberts steals second and Bill Mueller singles off Mariano Rivera to tie the game in the bottom of the ninth .
In the 12th inning , David Ortiz cracks a two - run home run to allow the Sox to live another day .
7 p.m.-8 p.m. : 2005 PBA Banquet Open .
Liz Johnson becomes first woman to reach final of PBA event by beating Wes Malott 235-228 .
8 p.m.-9 p.m. : 2005 , Jose Luis Castillo versus Diego Corrales .
Named the 2005 ESPN.com and Ring Magazine Fight of Year ; Corrales rallies in the 10th round to score the TKO win and retain the WBO lightweight title .
9 p.m.- midnight : 2006 Rose Bowl , Texas versus USC .
Vince Young and Texas pull off the memorable 41 - 38 upset over USC to win the national title .
Tuesday , Dec. 29
Midnight - 3 a.m. : 2005 EA Sports Maui Invitational semifinal , Gonzaga versus Michigan State .
This three - overtime thriller features Gonzaga taking down Michigan State 109- 107 as Adam Morrison pours in 43 points .
3 a.m. -5 a.m. : 2005 NLDS , Game 4 , Braves versus Astros .
Rookie Chris
Burke hits a walk - off home run in the 18th inning to beat the Braves while 43 - year - old Roger Clemens pitches three innings in relief to get the win .
5 a.m.-10 a.m. : 2005 Australian Open semifinal , Roger Federer versus Marat Safin .
After 4 ½ hours , Safin emerges victorious over the seemingly invincible Federer , 5 - 7 , 6 - 4 , 5 - 7 , 7 - 6 ( 8 - 6 ) , 9 - 7 .
10 a.m.-1 p.m. : 2005 , USC versus Fresno State .
Reggie Bush runs for 294 yards and scores twice while leading the Trojans to a wild 50 - 42 win .
1 p.m.-3 p.m. : 2006 Orange Bowl , Penn State versus Florida State .
Joe Paterno and Bobby Bowden face off in a three - overtime thriller that Penn State wins 26 - 23 .
3 p.m.-5 p.m. : 2006 , Ohio State versus Michigan .
No. 1 versus No. 2 for the first time in the history of this rivalry .
Troy Smith leads Ohio State to a 42 -39 win .
5 p.m.-8 p.m. : 2007 Fiesta Bowl , Boise State versus Oklahoma .
Boise State wins 43 - 42 in overtime , helped by an earlier 50 - yard hook - and - ladder touchdown .
8 p.m.-9 p.m. : 2006 NCAA regional semifinal , Gonzaga versus UCLA .
Gonzaga blows a 17 - point lead as UCLA wins 73 - 71 .
9 p.m.-9:30 p.m. : 2007 , Vic Darchinyan versus Nonito Donaire .
Donaire rocks Darchinyan with a big left hook that Ring Magazine named the Knockout of Year .
9:30 p.m.-10 p.m. : 2008 , Edison Miranda versus David Banks .
The 2008 ESPN.com and Ring Magazine Knockout of the Year comes from the right hand of Miranda .
10 p.m.-11 p.m. : 2007 , Rafael Marquez versus Israel Vazquez I & II .
The first bout in this trilogy sees Marquez breaking Vazquez 's nose and capturing the WBC super bantamweight belt .
The second bout is the 2007 ESPN.com and Ring Magazine Fight of the Year , with Vazquez reclaiming the belt with a bloody sixth - round TKO .
11 p.m.- midnight : 2008 , Rafael Marquez versus Israel Vazquez III .
In the 2008 Ring Magazine Fight of the Year , Vazquez wins the brutal third match of the trilogy with a split decision .
Wednesday , Dec. 30
Walter Ray Williams tops Pete Weber to pass Earl Anthony for most PBA titles of all time .
1 a.m. -2 a.m. : 2006 PBA Motor City Classic .
Tony Reyes rolls a 300 .
2 a.m. -4 a.m. : 2007 National League wild - card playoff , Padres versus Rockies .
The Rockies won 14 of their final 15 games , including this come - from - behind , 13 - inning , 9 - 8 win over the Padres .
4 a.m.-6 a.m. : 2006 , Oregon versus Oklahoma .
Oregon scores 14 points in the final five minutes and then blocks a field goal on the final play of the game to seal the improbable 34 - 33 win .
6 a.m.-8 a.m. : 2007 , Appalachian State versus Michigan .
Appalachian State stuns No. 5 Michigan 34 - 32 in one of biggest upsets in college football history .
8 a.m.-9 a.m. : 2007 PBA Pepsi Championship .
Ryan Shafer bowls a 300 .
9 a.m.-11 a.m. : 2008 , Texas Tech versus Texas .
Graham Harrell finds Michael Crabtree in double coverage with the final seconds ticking down as Tech stuns No. 1 Texas 39 - 33 .
11 a.m.-1 p.m. : 2006 , Raptors versus Lakers .
Kobe Bryant scores 81 points in a 122-104 rout .
1 p.m.-4 p.m. : 2007 Eastern Conference finals , Game 5 , Cavaliers versus Pistons .
LeBron James scores 48 points in this double - overtime thriller that Cleveland wins 109-107 .
4 p.m.-6 p.m. : 2008 NBA Finals , Game 4 , Celtics versus Lakers .
The Celtics overcome a 24 - point deficit to take a commanding 3 - 1 series lead .
6 p.m.-9 p.m. : 2009 Eastern Conference first round , Game 4 , Celtics versus Bulls .
Ben Gordon scores 22 points , including a game - tying 3 - pointer late in the first overtime , as the Bulls beat the Celtics 121- 118 in double OT .
9 p.m.-11 p.m. : 2008 Winter Classic , Penguins versus Sabres .
Before the largest crowd in NHL history , the Penguins beat the Sabres 2 - 1 in a shootout at Ralph Wilson Stadium .
11 p.m.-1 a.m. : 2008 Firestone Indy Car 300 at Japan .
Danica Patrick becomes the first woman to win a major open - wheel race as she passes Helio Castroneves with three laps remaining .
Thursday , Dec. 31
1 a.m. -3 a.m. : 2008 women 's NCAA championship , Stanford versus Tennessee .
Pat Summitt wins her eighth national championship as the Lady Vols take down Stanford 64 - 48 .
3 a.m. -5 a.m. : 2008 , Texas A&M versus Texas Tech .
Bob Knight reaches 900 career victories with Texas Tech 's 68 - 53 rout .
5 a.m.-7 a.m. : 2008 , Tennessee versus Memphis .
No. 2 Tennessee knocks off No. 1 Memphis 66 - 62 , ending the Tigers ' 47 - game home winning streak .
7 a.m.-9 a.m. : 2008 , Texas versus Oklahoma .
Colt McCoy leads Texas over Sam Bradford and Oklahoma in this 45 - 35 Red River Rivalry shootout .
9 a.m.-11 a.m. : 2008 NCAA championship , Kansas versus Memphis .
Kansas overcomes a nine - point deficit in the final 2:12 to force overtime and win the national title .
11 a.m.-4 p.m. : 2008 Wimbledon final , Roger Federer versus Rafael Nadal .
In the match of the decade , Rafael Nadal ends Roger Federer 's five - year run at Wimbledon with an epic 6 - 4 , 6 - 4 , 6 - 7 , 6 - 7 , 9 - 7 win .
4 p.m.-6 p.m. : 2008 U.S. Open playoff , Rocco Mediate versus Tiger Woods , Part 1 .
The first nine holes of the 18 - hole playoff .
6 p.m.-8 p.m. : 2008 U.S. Open playoff , Part 2 .
It goes 19 holes as Tiger wins despite obvious pain from an ailing knee .
8 p.m.-10 p.m. : 2009 NHL Eastern Conference semifinals , Game 2 , Penguins versus Capitals .
Alex Ovechkin and Sidney Crosby trade hat tricks , but Ovechkin 's goals in the third period give the Caps the 4 - 3 win .
10 p.m.- midnight : 2009 NHL Stanley Cup final , Game 7 , Penguins versus Red Wings .
The Penguins upend the Red Wings on the road in a memorable 2 - 1 victory .
Friday , Jan. 1
Midnight - 3 a.m. : 2009 Frozen Four championship , Boston University versus Miami ( Ohio ) .
BU scores twice in the final minute to tie the game , then wins in overtime on fluke bounce .
3 a.m. -5 a.m. : 2009 women 's NCAA championship , Connecticut versus Louisville .
Led by Maya Moore , Renee Montgomery and Tina Charles , the Huskies complete a 39 - 0 season by beating Louisville 76 - 54 .
5 a.m.-7 a.m. : 2009 World Series of Poker final table .
At 21 , Joe Cada becomes the youngest world champion .
7 a.m.-10 a.m. : 2008 , Baylor versus Texas A&M .
This five - overtime contest ends with Baylor 's 116 - 110 victory .
10 a.m.-3 p.m. : 2009 Wimbledon final , Roger Federer versus Andy Roddick .
Roddick battles Federer to the bitter end , but Federer prevails in the epic match , 5 - 7 , 7 - 6 ( 6 ) , 7 - 6 ( 5 ) , 3 - 6 , 16 -14 .
3 p.m.-5 p.m. : 2008 NCAA tournament second round , Georgetown versus Davidson .
Stephen Curry scores 25 of his 30 points in the second half as the Wildcats upset No. 2 - seeded Georgetown 74-70 .
5 p.m.-9 p.m. : 2009 Big East tournament , Syracuse versus Connecticut .
Six overtimes later , Syracuse wins 127-117 .
9 p.m.- midnight : 2009 Ford 400 at Homestead Miami .
Denny Hamlin wins the race but Jimmie Johnson enters the NASCAR history books with his fourth consecutive Sprint Cup Championship .
Saturday , Jan. 2
The Indians mount the greatest comeback in 76 years , winning 15 - 14 in 11 innings after trailing by 12 runs .
2:30 a.m.-4:30 a.m. : 2001 World Series , Game 4 , Diamondbacks versus Yankees .
With two outs in the bottom of the ninth , Tino Martinez launches a two - run homer off Byung - Hyun Kim to tie the game and then Derek Jeter homers in the 10th to win it .
4:30 a.m.-6:30 a.m. : 2003 World Series , Game 6 , Marlins versus Yankees .
23 - year - old Josh Beckett , pitching on three days ' rest , throws a shutout to give the Marlins the title .
6:30 a.m.-8:30 a.m. : 2003 NLCS , Game 6 , Marlins versus Cubs .
With five outs to go for a trip to the World Series , the Cubs fall apart .
8:30 a.m.-10:30 a.m. : 2004 ALCS , Game 6 , Red Sox versus Yankees .
With Boston on the verge of elimination , Curt Schilling pitches with a torn tendon sheath in his right ankle in the " bloody sock " game .
10:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m. : 2004 ALCS , Game 7 , Red Sox versus Yankees .
Johnny Damon cracks a grand slam and a two - run homer to help Boston complete the historic comeback .
12:30 p.m.-2:30 p.m. : 2004 World Series , Game 4 , Red Sox versus Cardinals .
The Red Sox complete sweep of Cardinals with a 3 - 0 win for their first World Series title in 86 years .
2:30 p.m.-4:30 p.m. : 2005 World Series , Game 4 , White Sox versus Astros .
After 88 agonizing years , the White Sox sweep the Astros with a 1 - 0 victory .
4:30 p.m.-7 p.m. : 2006 , Padres versus Dodgers .
The Dodgers hit four consecutive home runs in the bottom of the ninth to tie the game and then Nomar Garciaparra hits a two - run homer in the 10th to give the Dodgers an improbable victory .
7 p.m.-9 p.m. : 2007 , Nationals versus Giants .
Barry Bonds hits home run No. 756 to pass Hank Aaron as the all - time home run king .
The historic blast comes off Nationals hurler Mike Bacsik .
9 p.m.- midnight : 2008 World Series , Game 5 , Rays versus Phillies .
The teams play the final three innings after the game was postponed two days earlier , and the Phillies pull out a 3 - 2 win for the city of Philadelphia 's first major title in 25 years .
In Europe , each Apple country orders products from the mothership according to their marketing experience and expectations .
According to a reliable source , Apple Germany had ordered only 75,000 iPads .
Against all their predictions , they got 250,000 orders .
Advertisement
While Apple is focused on the US launch at the moment , executives at Apple Germany are reportedly amazed by the market response there .
Apple Germany is their largest European unit after Britain .
Could this be a sign of the state of worldwide demand ?
If it is , we will probably learn about it in a press release next week .
The Korean Central News Agency ( KCNA ) , North Korea 's state - run ( and only ) news agency , sporadically releases photos of reclusive 69 - year - old leader Kim Jong - il as he makes " on - the - spot " guidance visits .
Kim Jong -il , continuing a practice begun by his father , Kim Il - sung , makes these visits to factories and facilities throughout the country , purportedly to offer his personal guidance .
Followed by army officers , security personnel and plant managers - most carrying pencils and notepads to record the guidance of " Dear Leader " - he examines , listens , gives a talk , poses , then moves on , entourage in tow .
When viewing the photos below , keep in mind that the KCNA is a state - run operation , most of the photos are undated , no photographers are credited , and independent verification of circumstances is nearly impossible .
Collected here are a few recent photos released by the KCNA of Kim Jong - il giving " on - the - spot " field guidance .
( 31 photos total
A lot of people have asked me what the recommended workflows for bundler are .
Turns out , they 're quite simple .
Let 's step through a few use - cases .
You Get a Repo for the First Time
You 've just checked out a git ( or other ) repository for an application that uses bundler .
Regardless of any other features of bundler in use , just run :
bundle install
This will resolve all dependencies and install the ones that are n't already installed in system gems or in your system 's bundler cache .
You Update a Repo Using Bundler
If you update a repository using bundler , and it has updated its dependencies in the Gemfile , regardless of any other features in use , just run :
bundle install
As above , this will resolve all dependencies and install any gems that are not already installed .
You have created a new Rails application
If you 've created a new Rails application , go inside it and run :
bundle install
This will make sure that Rails ' dependencies ( such as SQLite3 ) are available in system gems or your system 's bundler cache .
In most cases , this will not need to install anything .
To check whether your system already satisfied the application 's dependencies , run :
bundle check
As you work in the application , you may wish to add dependencies .
To do so , update the Gemfile , and run :
bundle install
You are ready to share your new Rails application
Now that you have a working Rails application , and wish to share , you might wish to ensure that your collaborators get the same versions of the gems as you have .
For instance , if webrat specified " nokogiri >= 1.4 " as a dependency , you might want to ensure that an update to nokogiri does not change the actual gems that bundle install will install .
To achieve this , run :
bundle lock
This will create a new file called Gemfile .
lock in your root directory that contains the dependencies that you specified , as well as the fully resolved dependency graph .
Check that file into source control .
When your collaborators receive the repository and run bundle install , bundler will use the resolved dependencies in Gemfile.lock .
You have a locked application , and wish to add a new dependency
If you add a new dependency to your Gemfile in a locked application , Bundler will give you an error if you try to perform any operations .
You will want to run bundle unlock to remove the lock , then bundle install to ensure that the new dependencies are installed on your system , and finally bundle lock again to relock your application to the new dependencies .
We will add a command in a near - future version to perform all these steps for you ( something like bundle install -- relock ) .
You want a self - contained application
In many cases , it is desirable to be able to have a self - contained application that you can share with others which contains all of the required gems .
In addition to a general desire to remove a dependency on Gemcutter , you might have dependencies on gems that are not on a publicly accessible gem repository .
To collect up all gems and place them into your app , run :
bundle pack
When running bundle install in the future , Bundler will use packed gems , if available , in preference to gems available in other sources .
Conclusion
I hope these workflows have clarified the intent of Bundler 0.9 ( and 1.0 ) .
During our work on earlier versions , the lack of these workflows came up again and again as a source of frustration .
This was the primary reason for the big changes in 0.9 , so I hope you find them useful .
The importance of DSHEA
What prompted DSSA ?
Registration requirements
Reporting requirements
FDA would decide which supplements are legal
About the author
( NewsTarget ) Senator John McCain ( R - Arizona ) has introduced a new bill called The Dietary Supplement Safety Act ( DSSA ) of 2010 ( S. 3002 ) , that , if enacted , would severely curtail free access to dietary supplements .
Cosponsored by Senator Byron Dorgan ( D - North Dakota ) , the bill would essentially give the FDA full control over the supplement industry .
Most of the industrialized world has incredibly restrictive laws governing supplements .
People worldwide often purchase supplements from the U.S. because they are freely available at low costs .
All of this could change , however , if DSSA passes .
DSSA would change key sections of the Federal Food , Drug , and Cosmetic Act ( FD&C ) , undoing protections in the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act ( DSHEA ) of 1994 , effectively eliminating free access to supplements .
The passage of DSHEA resulted from millions of Americans who worked hard to reinforce their freedom to buy and sell supplements .
At the time , the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) was alleging that nutrients like CoQ10 and selenium were dangerous and should be pulled from the market .
Though weak in some areas , DSHEA established a foundation upon which free access to dietary supplements would be protected from attacks by drug companies and the FDA .
McCain 's DSSA bill emerged in response to illegal steroid use among Major League Baseball players .
Likely instigated by pharmaceutical interests , the bill is being posited as necessary to prevent supplement adulteration .
The FDA already has the power to pull supplements from the market that are contaminated but it has not been doing its job .
DSSA is not only unnecessary , but it would actually reward the FDA for its failures .
DSSA would also strip DSHEA and give full control of the supplement industry to the FDA.
DSSA would mandate that all supplement companies register with the Secretary of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) , which oversees the FDA .
Any company that refuses to register and comply with HHS would be subject to hefty fines , the classification of its products as " adulterated " , and their removal from the market .
The new system would burden manufacturers with significant new costs that would cause supplement prices to increase .
A new taxpayer - funded bureaucracy would also be created to conduct inspections and oversee compliance .
DSSA would require all " non-serious adverse events " received by supplement companies to be reported to the government , regardless of whether or not the events are related to the supplements for which they are submitted .
Pharmaceutical companies would have access to these reports which they could use to petition the FDA to have supplements removed from the market .
The FDA could also arbitrarily pull supplements from the market if it believes it has " reasonable probability " that therebe a problem .
Perhaps the most chilling aspect of DSSA is that it would allow the HHS Secretary to establish a list of permitted supplements .
Reversing common law , which assumes all is legal unless restricted , DSSA would allow only what is permitted to be legal .
In a nutshell , DSSA would increase supplement costs for consumers , grant incredible new power over the supplement industry to the FDA , and drastically limit the availability of supplements .
Drug companies could also use the bill to remove supplements from the market , patent them , and sell them as drugs !
It is absolutely critical to contact your Congressmen and oppose this bill .
Please visit the Magazine Legislative Action Center and click on the " take action " button to express opposition .
The Alliance for Natural Health also has a convenient Contact Tool with which you can urge your Congressmen not to sponsor the bill .
Sources : Ethan
Huff is a freelance writer and health enthusiast who loves exploring the vast world of natural foods and health , digging deep to get to the truth .
He runs an online health publication of his own at http://wholesomeherald.blogspot.com
From Episode
Two of the film series “ The Century of the Self ” by Adam Curtis .
The nephew of Sigmund Freud , Edward Bernays started his business life as a publicist .
While still in his twenties , he was part of the propaganda effort that drove the United States into in World War I ( WW I . )
He personally advised several US presidents starting with Woodrow Wilson and counseled numerous corporations and business associations .
Hitler ’s propaganda chief and Nazi henchman Joseph Goebbels was a reader and fan of Bernay ’s writing in particular Bernay ’s book “ Crystalizing Public Opinion . ”
In this short excerpt from Curtis ’s film we see one example of Bernays at work .
Bernays was one of the engineers of the Cold War .
He perfected the technique of manufacturing a distant but ever - threatening enemy and then creating a constant state of fear by generating false news reports that endlessly re-stated and exagerated the threat .
The stated purpose of Bernay ’s methods was to give those in power greater control over what he called “ the mass mind . ”
It worked well in the 1950s and sadly , it appears to be working quite well today … but maybe not forever .
For more free films visit : http://www.BrasscheckTV.com
Full Length
Propaganda “ Bernays ’ honest and practical manual provides much insight into some of the most powerful and influential institutions of contemporary industrial state capitalist democracies . ” — Noam Chomsky
“ The conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society .
Those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our country . ” — Edward Bernays , Propaganda
A seminal and controversial figure in the history of political thought and public relations , Edward Bernays ( 1891 –1995 ) , pioneered the scientific technique of shaping and manipulating public opinion , which he famously dubbed “ engineering of consent . ”
During World War I , he was an integral part of the U.S. Committee on Public Information ( CPI ) , a powerful propaganda apparatus that was mobilized to package , advertise and sell the war to the American people as one that would “ Make the World Safe for Democracy . ”
The CPI would become the blueprint in which marketing strategies for future wars would be based upon .
Bernays applied the techniques he had learned in the CPI and , incorporating some of the ideas of Walter Lipmann , became an outspoken proponent of propaganda as a tool for democratic and corporate manipulation of the population .
His 1928 bombshell Propaganda lays out his eerily prescient vision for using propaganda to regiment the collective mind in a variety of areas , including government , politics , art , science and education .
To read this book today is to frightfully comprehend what our contemporary institutions of government and business have become in regards to organized manipulation of the masses .
This is the first reprint of Propaganda in over 30 years and features an introduction by Mark Crispin Miller , author of The Bush Dyslexicon : Observations on a National Disorder .
Ubisoft apologizes to Assassin ’s Creed 2 purchasers who found themselves unable to play due to attacks on the verification servers , offering free game downloads in exchange for their forgiveness .
Advertisement
I suppose you do n’t even need to forgive Ubisoft in order to take advantage of the special offer , sent via email to Kotakuite Igor , one of the many players affected by the server downtime that made it impossible to connect to Ubisoft as required by its ridiculous new digital rights management system .
Advertisement
For his trouble , Igor now gets to choose between four games - Prince of Persia , Heroes Over Europe , Endwar and H.A.W.X. , downloading them directly to his PC without having to bother with the draconian DRM scheme of Ubi ’s newer titles .
Is this enough of an apology for you folks ?
Update : Reader włodi received a similar email , only he was offered the downloadable content previously only available in the Special Edition of the game , including the Palazzo Medeci , Santa Maria Dei Frari , and Arsenal Shipyard .
It looks like special edition and normal edition purchasers might be getting two different apologies .
Couple who sent suicide letter to BBC killed themselves
Dennis and Flora Milner said they wanted to decide when to die
The Milners ' suicide letter
An elderly couple who sent a letter to the BBC criticising UK laws on assisted suicide killed themselves , a coroner has recorded .
Dennis and Flora Milner , aged 83 and 81 , were found dead in their home in Newbury , Berkshire , in November .
A letter and statement saying they had " chosen to peacefully end our lives " arrived at BBC South shortly after .
The inquest heard how they had spent a long time planning their deaths because they wanted to see a change in the law .
Their letter to the BBC said they had wanted to highlight the " human dilemma " stopping people legally ending their lives with their family and loved ones around them .
At Newbury Coroner 's Court , the couple 's son , Nigel , confirmed his parents had held very strong views on assisted suicide laws .
The inquest heard how the couple had no significant medical issues , although Mrs Milner had failing eyesight and both had hip problems .
' Living death '
But the pair did not want to reach a stage where they felt their quality of life would be diminished .
Nigel Milner and the couple 's daughter , Chrissy , said at the time of their parents ' deaths that they endorsed their actions .
The letter from Dennis and Flora Milner , delivered to BBC South two days after they were found dead , was accompanied by a statement that appeared to be signed by the couple .
In it Mr Milner talked about his campaign to change the law to give people the right to choose how and when to end their lives .
He described how to continue with life would be a " living death " , adding that arranging their deaths so they did not fail had been " very difficult and traumatic for us " .
" This need not and should not be the case , " he wrote .
At the time of their deaths , the ProLife Alliance blamed what they said were the couple 's unfounded fears about old age .
But pro-euthanasia group Dignity in Dying said the case highlighted some people 's deep concerns about suffering unnecessarily at the end of their lives , and the lack of a safeguarded choice .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Population Media Center is a content studio .
In the U.S. market , we develop , finance , and produce original content that addresses contemporary social issues , utilizing diverse formats and genres on traditional network , cable , streaming , and digital platforms .
Our narrative focus is in addressing the broad , complex , and infinitely interesting areas of women ’s empowerment , human rights , and environmental sustainability .
Of course , these issues are just part of the diverse spectrum of real - world situations and environments that Americans experience on a daily basis .
Life is not simple , so our stories are n’t either .
We have progressive sensibilities , a national perspective – and a laser focus on storytelling for social good .
We value great entertainment and building powerful narratives .
Our characters are authentic and multi-dimensional , based on in - depth research into a particular issue or area of interest .
But our journey to a great story always follows one guiding star : to empower people to live healthier and more prosperous lives .
By Nick Thorpe
BBC News , Ostrovany
Elzbieta and Viera , mother and daughter , stand in their garden looking down at the Roma ( Gypsy ) children tobogganing hilariously in the last of the winter snows .
All that separates them is a wall - a new , white concrete wall , 150 m ( 495 ft ) long , 2.2 m tall .
Beyond the wall stand the wattle - and - daub , mud-and - twig hovels where many Roma live here in Ostrovany , in eastern Slovakia .
" I do n't mind them really , " says Viera .
" We tolerate them pretty well actually , considering they 've built their homes on land which does n't belong to them .
" But I have one rule in our relations with them : do n't do to others what you would not like done to yourself . "
She is talking about the theft of fruit , vegetables and even the metal fence posts from their gardens , which she and others blame on the Roma .
It went on for years , she says , until the local council responded to their complaints and spent 13,000 euros ( £ 12,000 ) of public funds on the wall .
Muddy shacks
As a structure to keep a minority away from a majority , it has drawn parallels with an earlier wall between Roma and non-Roma in the Czech town of Usti nad Labem , and even with the Berlin Wall and Israel 's separation barrier .
Elzbieta and Viera say their goods were stolen for years
But what is new in Ostrovany is that the Roma now form the majority - exactly two - thirds of the population .
Up on the main road , a troupe of Roma children , accompanied by their teachers , walk back from school , laughing and joking .
Dobry den !
they call in chorus .
" Good day ! "
" The wall does not segregate the Roma , nor does it limit their access to main roads or services , " says Cyril Revak , Mayor of Ostrovany .
He has grown wary of the stream of journalists who have come knocking at his door this winter , but softens slightly as we speak .
" The only criticism I am willing to accept , is that public money was used to protect private property .
But public money is also used to help the Roma .
We help some people one day , others the next . "
Down in the Roma ghetto , Petr Kaleja 's shack is the closest to the wall .
" We just woke up one morning and saw them building it , " he grumbles .
" Why could n't they use the money to build us a decent home instead ? "
His shack looks from the outside like an exhibit from a rural history museum .
Sticks held together with clayey mud , without door or windows , and just a blanket over the entrance .
Inside he lives with his young wife and baby daughter .
Melting snow drips steadily into a filthy bucket , through a hole in the makeshift roof .
There is an ancient television - " it actually works ! " he grins - a dangling light bulb , and a battered wood - burning stove in the corner , throwing out some heat .
Loan sharks
When we first met Mr Kaleja , he was pulling a load of freshly cut wood on a sledge from a nearby privately owned forest .
There is no wall around that - yet .
Petr Kaleja 's home is little more than logs and mud
The family live on 170 euros a month , which Mr Kaleja 's wife gets in child benefit .
Mr Kaleja , 21 , is waiting for the weather to improve , before he goes back to the capital , Bratislava , to try to get work laying pipes .
" We blame communism for a lot of things , " says Mayor Revak , " but one thing that was good in those times , was the obligation to work .
" Instead of that , today people have grown dependent on the state .
All they need each month is two signatures - at the labour office , when they sign on , and at the post office , when they pick up their welfare payments . "
Then he talks about the loan sharks who afflict the Roma community - charging 100 % a month .
" Everyone knows it 's happening , but no one wants to testify , " says the mayor .
" And without victims , the police can't do anything . "
Back in the Roma ghetto , the children sledge down the hill next to the wall , on every bit of cardboard , wood or plastic they can find .
The grown - ups worry about the wall .
All the children worry about is the snow - melting away before that last , daredevil ride .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Photo : From left to right : Andrew Gomberg / European Pressphoto Agency ; Josh Haner / The New York Times ; John Shearer / Getty Images
related
As unemployment stubbornly sticks near 10 percent and any sort of economic recovery seems a long way off , think about this :
The one part of the economy that 's going gangbusters is government work .
Indeed , since the Great Recession started in December 2007 , over 8 million jobs have been lost in the private sector while the public sector has added at least 100,000 positions .
It 's time to recognize that public - sector employment is killing the economy for at least three reasons :
1 . They cost too much .
As USA Today recently noted , federal employees make on average almost $ 8,000 more than their private - sector counterparts .
When you add in benefits , the gap spreads to about $ 30,000 .
State and local government workers make around the same as private - sector counterparts , but their health and retirement packages mean they make significantly more in the end .
2 . We can't fire them .
The private sector has shed positions in response to slackening demand and the economic downturn .
That sort of adjustment is painful but necessary , as it allows the economy to adjust to changing circumstances and workers and employers to move into new activities .
Because it is guaranteed certain amounts of tax revenue and has a non-market mind - set , the public sector is largely insulated from such forces and keeps or even adds workers despite changed conditions .
The result ?
We keep paying for things that we do n't use , need , or want .
3 . They create a permanent lobby for expanded government and higher taxes .
Look at California , where teacher unions have spent over $ 211 million dollars on elections in the past decade .
One result is that 40 percent of California 's budget must be spent on education , regardless of the number and needs of students .
Over the last 10 years , taxpayer contributions to public - sector pension funds has increased by 2000 percent !
Such sort of tax - based gladhanding is just getting started .
For the first time in history , the number of public - sector union employees is greater than those in the private sector , so expect to see even more lobbying for the sorts of mandatory raises and permanent job security that most of us can only dream of .
Because the public sector gets its pay and benefits from tax dollars and public debt , every thing it gets means there 's less for the rest of us to save , invest , or pay workers with .
With the federal government and most states already neck - deep in red ink , it 's time to cut public - sector pay and payrolls and return more money to the private sector .
That will help spur the sort of investment and innovation that will get the economy moving and end the recession far faster than paying more and more money to government workers .
" 3 Reasons Public - Sector Employees Are Killing The Economy " is produced by Meredith Bragg and Nick Gillespie , who also hosts .
Approximately 3 minutes .
Go to Reason.tv for iPod , HD , and audio versions .
Subscribe to Reason.tv's
YouTube channel and receive automatic notifications when new material goes live .
For more on the discrepancy between public sector and private sector compensation , go here .
Cardinal Etchegaray , 87 , fractured his hip and will be operated on at Gemelli hospital in Rome , Father Lombardi said Friday , according to The Associated Press .
Image Pope Benedict XVI arriving to offer Mass at St. Peter 's Basilica at the Vatican on Thursday night .
The pope began the observance two hours earlier than on any Christmas Eve in recent memory .
Credit ... Max Rossi / Reuters
Father Lombardi identified the woman as Susanna Maiolo , 25 , a Swiss - Italian national with psychiatric problems , The Associated Press reported .
He said Ms. Maiolo , who was not armed , was taken to a clinic for necessary treatment .
She was the same woman involved in a similar incident at last year ’s Midnight Mass , Vatican officials said .
The incident in St. Peter ’s was the second high - profile security breach in Italy this month .
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi spent several days in the hospital after a man with mental problems struck him in the face with a statuette of the Milan cathedral , breaking his nose and two teeth , at a campaign rally in Milan .
During Christmas Eve Mass , the pope appeared tired at times but celebrated the ritual without further incident .
For the first time in recent memory , however , Christmas Eve Mass began at 10 p.m. instead of midnight , in what Father Lombardi said was an effort to help Benedict preserve his strength for his intense schedule over the Christmas season .
Overview ( 4 )
Born March 12 , 1946 in Denver , Colorado , USA Birth Name Franklin Wendell Welker Nickname Dr. Frankenwelker Height 5 ' 8 " ( 1.73 m )
Mini Bio ( 1 )
Frank Welker was born in Colorado .
He followed his dream to California , and started a voice acting career which has spanned over five decades and hundreds of credits .
Frank has worked with fellow voice actors Casey Kasem , Nicole Jaffe , Don Messick , Heather North , and Indira / Stefanianna Christopherson on Hanna - Barbera 's iconic Scooby Doo , wo bist du ? ( 1969 ) , voicing Fred Jones , among other Scooby credits over the years .
He worked with Kurt Russell in the 1970's , and with Peter Cullen in the 21st century adaptations of the Transformers series , both Michael Bay 's live action movies as well as in animation .
Frank enjoys life in the acting world and always leaves the audience captivated with his impressive set of voices .
- IMDb Mini Biography By : Athanatos173
Trade Mark ( 4 )
Often works in animated productions as the " voice " of various animal characters .
Often provides a deep raspy ominous voice for his characters , most notably Doctor Claw
The voice of Fred Jones .
He has performed as the character over 200 times .
The voice of Megatron , the nefarious leader of the Decepticons on Transformers ( 1984 ) .
Trivia ( 22 )
Referred to in Hollywood as a voice god .
Has provided voices for eight of the original 14 Decepticons on Transformers ( 1984 ) animated series : Megatron , Soundwave , Skywarp , Laserbeak , Rumble , Frenzy , Ravage and Buzzsaw .
He voiced two of the original Autobots as well : Trailbreaker and Mirage , as well as one of the Dinobots ( Sludge ) that also appeared in the first season .
Has done every voicing of Fred Jones for all of the Scooby - Doo animated series with the sole exception of A Pup Named Scooby - Doo ( 1988 ) .
Even in parodies and cameos on different television series , he has always done this voice .
Has done voices for both the Star Trek movie series and Star Trek : Raumschiff Voyager ( 1995 ) .
He also did the animal voice effects including Dumbo in Falsches Spiel mit Roger Rabbit ( 1988 ) .
In Tiny Toon Abenteuer ( 1990 ) , he voiced Furrball , Gogo Dodo , Calamity Coyote , Little Beeper , Byron Basset , Uncle Stinky Pig , Henry Bear and Ralph the Guard who later appeared in Animaniacs ( 1993 ) , where Frank not only voiced Ralph , but also voiced Thaddeus Plotz , Buttons , Runt , Flavio Hippo and Chicken Boo .
His broad spectrum of character voices , noises and other vocal effects that have appeared over the last 40 years in motion pictures , have vaulted him to number one on the " All Time Top 100 Stars at the Box office " list .
The revenue of films he has participated in have generated over 12 billion dollars worldwide .
His work in over 90 films has put him ahead of Eddie Murphy , Harrison Ford , Tom Hanks and Samuel L. Jackson .
Although he never met with the producers or the director Michael Bay , Bay felt his Welker 's G1 Megatron voice did not fit the film and Bay 's new interpretation .
Ironically , he recreated the G1 voice for Transformers : The Game ( 2007 ) based on the movie , and was once again reunited with his old nemesis Optimus Prime played by Peter Cullen
His " Doctor Claw " voice came about as a result of him trying to do an impression of singer - songwriter Barry White
Having been the voice of Spock 's screams , he is one of three Star Trek cast members who has also provided a voice for Star Wars .
The others include George Takei and Simon Pegg
Based the voice of the Cave of Wonders in Aladdin ( 1992 ) on Sir Sean Connery
Attended Santa Monica City College where he majored in Theatrical Arts .
Born on exactly the same date as Liza Minnelli .
Personal Quotes ( 19 )
I 've been doing voices as long as I can remember .
When I was little , I could pick up on sounds and then I discovered you could distort what you hear and make people laugh or disrupt a class .
I was voted by my high - school senior class as most likely to recede .
I like looking at the characters .
Seeing them always brings up some voice or attitude .
I am much more visual , and that works so much better than having someone tell me what the character is all about .
I have worked alone and with a cast and enjoy the process both ways .
There is more back - and - forth with a full cast , and you can feed off the other actors ' performance .
Normally , I play dads , good guys and little animals .
I have this peculiar ability to be able to anticipate mouth movements on screen and fill them with words or sound .
One thing that seems to surprise the studios is finding out later my willingness to audition .
Under the right circumstances , I actually enjoy it very much .
[ his views on education in children 's programming ]
Education has its place on television but kids , like adults should have entertainment .
Children should go to school all week , get their lessons from their parents , watch PBS and Big Bird and learn how to add and then turn over and watch Fall - Apart Rabbit 's head fall off .
[ his views on cartoon violence ]
I 'm not sure that children 's television is where we stop violence in America .
I think gratuitous violence in any form is unnecessary .
But when characters smack each other with pillow and powder puffs , I 'm just not really convinced that that is harmful .
But I make noises - I 'm not a psychologist .
[ on Transformers ]
I think for me , Megatron , for obvious reasons , is my favorite , followed closely by Soundwave .
Early in my life , I probably abused my voice more than I should have .
It is an instrument .
You need to take care of yourself .
If you have a session the next day , go to bed early , do vocal warm - ups on the way to the studio , that 's just about all you can do .
When you have a cast , you kind of play off each other .
You can build ... almost like a play , because obviously you read it as a play , so you have this nice interaction .
When we did the Transformers series , standing next to Peter Cullen was always a benefit because you really get into it .
You 're going hand - to - hand , but physically , you get the feeling of that person being there .
[ on Scooby - Doo ]
In our business to have a show that goes 50 years , let alone to be part of that in the entertainment business , is kind of unheard of .
So I feel lucky .
If you get any of the Transformers films on the Blu-ray version , which I just did ; I finished my house and made a little theater in there with all my sound equipment .
When you use the Blu-ray , Peter Cullen will actually take the dust off your wall and the paint begins to crack .
That 's the kind of voice this guy has .
The color and the sound , oh my gosh .
On the Scooby gang :
The audience sees what they want with the characters , and that 's always good .
You want your audience being involved !
But I think the simple formula and the clean characters tends to resonate the most .
I think we on the creative side tend to want to get a little rambunctious and make sure we keep their interest by doing new things and changing this or that .
But as long as the group is basically the same , each generation can relate to it .
About Fred Jones in the Scooby - Doo series : Fred was the only one who had a license , so I drove the Mystery Machine , right ?
As long as nobody took the van away from me , that gave me four - wheel power .
I 'm kind of a comedian goofball , so it was a little bit hard being restricted , but I was just happy to be a part of the gang .
And , of course , being the leader !
Joseph Barbera would tell me that Fred 's the leader of the gang , and I would say , ' I guess you 're right . ' "
Joseph Barbera said that Fred Jones ( in Scooby - Doo ) was the all - American hero type and that I should just do my own voice .
I was like , ' I never saw myself as the hero type , but OK ! ' "
Since reporting the questionable past of runaway Toyota Prius driver James Sikes there 's been a deluge of tips coming in about his character , including the following from a former business partner who alleges Sikes stole from their company .
Advertisement
William Sweet says he went into business with Sikes , together opening up a paralegal services company called " AAA California Aid " in 1997 .
Sweet operated the main office and Sikes ran one in Los Banos , California .
Sweet alleges numerous incidents of fraud and theft involving Sikes led him to dissolve their partnership , including an incident in which Sikes sent an employee to break into the main office to steal payment records .
Advertisement
" I had him on video where he would have one of his employees from the Los Banos office go through our files and he would pull out cases that have balances on them and he would go collect the money , " said Sweet , now sole owner of the company operating under a new name .
" He would take the money over in Los Banos . "
Disagreement over the business finances was n't the only issue Sweet had with Sikes as he echoed reports of mysterious thefts involving Sikes and claims his former partner stole office supplies .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
" We 'd buy paper for the office ten reams at a time , and within two weeks he'd be totally out .
According to the cameras he was hauling boxes out three - or - four at a time .
He was feeding his other two offices . "
Advertisement
Jim Sikes apparently was displeased with Sweet over the installation of a security system and security cameras , but since Sweet ran the office there was nothing Sikes could do .
Given his past with Sikes , Sweet was not surprised regarding the scrutiny over Sikes ' background .
He claims to have not had contact with his former partner since 1999 and was immediately skeptical when he saw Sikes on television .
Advertisement
" As soon as i heard the words " Jim Sikes " I immediately woke up out of a dead sleep and thought " uh oh what the hell is this guy up to now ? "
He 's trying to do a scam , and get in on that lawsuit for the Toyota thing , that 's immediately what i thought . "
We sought comment from Sikes ' representatives on his former relationship with Mr. Sweet but they have yet to return our calls amid growing scrutiny over the " technical details " of his claims .
Google Patent : Organic Results Ranked by User Profiling
Google has filed for an organic search patent , termed Personalization of placed content ordering in search results , to serve organic search results based on user profiles .
Google has also applied for a similar behavioral targeting patent for its advertising network , but this seems to be a first from Google with plans to integrate user profiling into natural search ranking .
Such profiles are created by Google and gathered from previous queries , web navigation behavior via tracked links and possibly sites visited which serve Google ads , computers with Google Applications installed such as Desktop Search , Google Wi-fi Connection or Sidebar , and personal information which Google identifies which may be “ implicitly or explicitly provided by the user . ”
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
This new ranking system , which is a spin off of PageRank and the current Google ranking algorithm , could be referred to as Profile Rank .
What is the difference between this new ranking system and Google Personalized Search ?
Personalized Search was beta tested by Google users who have opted in to Google profile building while the new Profile Rank is based upon user profiles built by tracking a users web habits in and outside of Google Search , even if the user has not opted in to be served personalized results or is a registered Google Account member : Wide Spread Personalization to all users .
In the patent application Google explains that when a search engine generates search results in response to a search query , a listed site which satisfies the query is assigned a query score , QueryScore , in accordance with the search query .
This query score is then modulated by the site ’s PageRank , to generate a generic score , GenericScore , that is expressed as : GenericScore=QueryScore*PageRank .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
However , Google states that the GenericScore system may not be relevant enough and proposes a more in depth Profile Rank ( PersonalizedScore ) :
This GenericScore may not appropriately reflect the site ’s importance to a particular user if the user ’s interests or preferences are dramatically different from that of the random surfer .
The relevance of a site to user can be accurately characterized by a set of profile ranks , based on the correlation between a sites content and the user ’s term - based profile , herein called the TermScore , the correlation between one or more categories associated with a site and user ’s category - based profile , herein called the CategoryScore , and the correlation between the URL and / or host of the site and user ’s link - based profile , herein called the LinkScore .
Therefore , the site may be assigned a personalized rank that is a function of both the document ’s generic score and the user profile scores .
This personalized score can be expressed as : PersonalizedScore=GenericScore*( TermScore+CategoryScore+LinkScore ) .
Google gives an example of a listing based upon user profiling mixed with information given by the user : a user may choose to offer personal information , including demographic and geographic information associated with the user , such as the user ’s age or age range , educational level or range , income level or range , language preferences , marital status , geographic location ( e.g. , the city , state and country in which the user resides , and possibly also including additional information such as street address , zip code , and telephone area code ) , cultural background or preferences , or any subset of these .
Compared with other types of personal information such as a user ’s favorite sports or movies that are often time varying , this personal information is more static and more difficult to infer from the user ’s search queries and search results , but may be crucial in correctly interpreting certain queries submitted by the user .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
For example , if a user submits a query containing “ Japanese restaurant ” , it is very likely that he may be searching for a local Japanese restaurant for dinner .
Without knowing the user ’s geographical location , it is hard to order the search results so as to bring to the top those items that are most relevant to the user ’s true intention .
In certain cases , however , it is possible to infer this information .
For example , users often select results associated with a specific region corresponding to where they live .
What about shared machines ?
If the one computer is shared by various users with different web behavior , how is Google to define Profile Rank in its organic search results ?
Google has thought this though :
Sometimes , multiple users may share a machine , e.g. , in a public library .
These users may have different interests and preferences .
In one embodiment , a user may explicitly login to the service so the system knows his identity .
Alternatively , different users can be automatically recognized based on the items they access or other characteristics of their access patterns .
For example , different users may move the mouse in different ways , type differently , and use different applications and features of those applications .
Based on a corpus of events on a client and / or server , it is possible to create a model for identifying users , and for then using that identification to select an appropriate “ user ” profile .
In such circumstances , the “ user ” may actually be a group of people having somewhat similar computer usage patterns , interests and the like .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
Users identified by the way they move a mouse or typing style ?
Amazing .
The patent , Personalization of placed content ordering in search results , is pretty detailed and deep .
I suggest running over it a couple of times , printing it out and breaking out the highlite marker from college because there is a lot to it and a handfull of clues as to the future of Google and its ranking system .
