( Fortune Magazine ) --
Free software is great , and corporate America loves it .
It 's often high - quality stuff that can be downloaded free off the Internet and then copied at will .
It 's versatile - it can be customized to perform almost any large - scale computing task - and it 's blessedly crash - resistant .
A broad community of developers , from individuals to large companies like IBM , is constantly working to improve it and introduce new features .
No wonder the business world has embraced it so enthusiastically :
More than half the companies in the Fortune 500 are thought to be using the free operating system Linux in their data centers .
But now there 's a shadow hanging over Linux and other free software , and it 's being cast by Microsoft ( Charts , Fortune 500 ) .
The Redmond behemoth asserts that one reason free software is of such high quality is that it violates more than 200 of Microsoft 's patents .
And as a mature company facing unfavorable market trends and fearsome competitors like Google ( Charts , Fortune 500 ) , Microsoft is pulling no punches :
It wants royalties .
If the company gets its way , free software wo n't be free anymore .
The conflict pits Microsoft and its dogged CEO , Steve Ballmer , against the " free world " - people who believe software is pure knowledge .
The leader of that faction is Richard Matthew Stallman , a computer visionary with the look and the intransigence of an Old Testament prophet .
Caught in the middle are big corporate Linux users like Wal - Mart , AIG , and Goldman Sachs .
Free - worlders say that if Microsoft prevails , the whole quirky ecosystem that produced Linux and other free and open - source software ( FOSS ) will be undermined .
Microsoft counters that it is a matter of principle .
" We live in a world where we honor , and support the honoring of , intellectual property , " says Ballmer in an interview .
FOSS patrons are going to have to " play by the same rules as the rest of the business , " he insists .
" What 's fair is fair . "
Microsoft General Counsel Brad Smith and licensing chief Horacio Gutierrez sat down with Fortune recently to map out their strategy for getting FOSS users to pay royalties .
Revealing the precise figure for the first time , they state that FOSS infringes on no fewer than 235 Microsoft patents .
It 's a breathtaking number .
( By comparison , for instance , Verizon 's ( Charts , Fortune 500 ) patent suit against Vonage ( Charts ) , which now threatens to bankrupt the latter , was based on just seven patents , of which only three were found to be infringing . )
" This is not a case of some accidental , unknowing infringement , " Gutierrez asserts .
" There is an overwhelming number of patents being infringed . "
The free world appears to be uncowed by Microsoft 's claims .
Its master legal strategist is Eben Moglen , longtime counsel to the Free Software Foundation and the head of the Software Freedom Law Center , which counsels FOSS projects on how to protect themselves from patent aggression .
( He 's also a professor on leave from Columbia Law School , where he teaches cyberlaw and the history of political economy . )
Moglen contends that software is a mathematical algorithm and , as such , not patentable .
( The Supreme Court has never expressly ruled on the question . )
In any case , the fact that Microsoft might possess many relevant patents does n't impress him .
" Numbers are n't where the action is , " he says .
" The action is in very tight qualitative analysis of individual situations . "
Patents can be invalidated in court on numerous grounds , he observes .
Others can easily be " invented around . "
Still others might be valid , yet not infringed under the particular circumstances .
Moglen 's hand got stronger just last month when the Supreme Court stated in a unanimous opinion that patents have been issued too readily for the past two decades , and lots are probably invalid .
For a variety of technical reasons , many dispassionate observers suspect that software patents are especially vulnerable to court challenge .
Furthermore , FOSS has powerful corporate patrons and allies .
In 2005 , six of them - IBM ( Charts , Fortune 500 ) , Sony , Philips , Novell , Red Hat ( Charts ) and NEC - set up the Open Invention Network to acquire a portfolio of patents that might pose problems for companies like Microsoft , which are known to pose a patent threat to Linux .
So if Microsoft ever sued Linux distributor Red Hat for patent infringement , for instance , OIN might sue Microsoft in retaliation , trying to enjoin distribution of Windows .
It 's a cold war , and what keeps the peace is the threat of mutually assured destruction : patent Armageddon - an unending series of suits and countersuits that would hobble the industry and its customers .
" It 's a tinderbox , " Moglen says .
" As the commercial confrontation between [ free software ] and software - that 's - a - product becomes more fierce , patent law 's going to be the terrain on which a big piece of the war 's going to be fought .
Waterloo is here somewhere . "
Party crasher
Brad Smith , 48 , became Microsoft 's senior vice president and general counsel in 2002 , the year the company settled most of its U.S. antitrust litigation .
A strawberry - blond Princeton graduate with a law degree from Columbia , Smith is a polished , thoughtful and credible advocate whom some have described as the face of the kinder , gentler , post - monopoly Microsoft .
But that 's not really an apt description of Smith ; he projects intensity , determination , a hint of Ivy League hauteur , and ambition .
We 're sitting at a circular table in Smith 's office in Building 34 on the Redmond campus , with a view of rolling green lawns splashed with pink - blossomed plum trees .
In the 1970s and 1980s , Smith recounts , software companies relied mainly on " trade secrets " doctrine and copyright law to protect their products .
Patents were n't a big factor , since most lawyers assumed that software was n't patentable .
But in the 1990s , all that changed .
Courts were interpreting copyright law to provide less protection to software than companies had hoped , while trade - secrets doctrine was becoming unworkable because the demands of a networked world required that " the secret " - the program 's source code - be revealed to ever more sets of eyes .
At the same time courts began signaling that software could be patented after all .
( A copyright is typically obtained on an entire computer program .
It prohibits exact duplication of the code but may not bar less literal copying .
Patents are obtained on innovative ways of doing things , and thus a single program might implicate hundreds of them . )
In response , companies began stocking up on software patents , with traditional hardware outfits like IBM leading the way , since they already had staffs of patent attorneys working at their engineers ' elbows .
Microsoft lagged far behind .
As with the Internet , though , Microsoft came late to the party , then crashed it with a vengeance .
In 2002 , the year Smith became general counsel , the company applied for 1,411 patents .
By 2004 it had more than doubled that number , submitting 3,780 .
In 2003 , Microsoft executives sat down to assess what the company should do with all those patents .
There were three choices .
First , it could do nothing , effectively donating them to the development community .
Obviously that " was n't very attractive in terms of our shareholders , " Smith says .
Alternatively , it could start suing other companies to stop them from using its patents .
That was a nonstarter too , Smith says : " It was going to get in the way of everything we were trying to accomplish in terms of [ improving ] our connections with other companies , the promotion of interoperability , the desires of customers . "
So Microsoft took the third choice , which was to begin licensing its patents to other companies in exchange for either royalties or access to their patents ( a " cross- licensing " deal ) .
In December 2003 , Microsoft 's new licensing unit opened for business , and soon the company had signed cross-licensing pacts with such tech firms as Sun , Toshiba , SAP and Siemens .
At the same time , Smith was having Microsoft 's lawyers figure out how many of its patents were being infringed by free and open - source software .
Gutierrez refuses to identify specific patents or explain how they 're being infringed , lest FOSS advocates start filing challenges to them .
But he does break down the total number allegedly violated - 235 - into categories .
He says that the Linux kernel - the deepest layer of the free operating system , which interacts most directly with the computer hardware - violates 42 Microsoft patents .
The Linux graphical user interfaces - essentially , the way design elements like menus and toolbars are set up - run afoul of another 65 , he claims .
The Open Office suite of programs , which is analogous to Microsoft Office , infringes 45 more .
E-mail programs infringe 15 , while other assorted FOSS programs allegedly transgress 68 .
Now that Microsoft had identified the infringements , it could try to seek royalties .
But from whom ?
FOSS is n't made by a company but by a loose - knit community of hundreds of individuals and companies .
One possibility was to approach the big commercial Linux distributors like Red Hat and Novell that give away the software but sell subscription support services .
However , distributors were prohibited from paying patent royalties by something whose very existence may surprise many readers : FOSS 's own licensing terms .
" 2007 is a very special year for the global hacker community .
Thanks to cooperation between the organizers of DefCon XV and the Chaos Communications Camp 2007 , the two largest gatherings of hackers from around the world happen only a few days apart !
This is where " Hackers on a Plane " comes in : The ...
President Bush is reportedly spending time resting in his room with a “ stomach ailment ” which White house spokesman Dan Bartlett defines as “ not serious ” .
Nicolas Sarkozy , the French President described him as “ slightly unwell ” .
Said Bartlett : “ We ’re not sure if it was something he ate last night or this morning . ”
Just a thought , but perhaps Bush ’s “ illness ” has something to do with the beer he ’s seen chugging in these photos .
And ….he ’s back .
ps – I did a quick check and the photo ’s recent .
It ’s the same jacket / tie combo he was wearing for his meetings with Sarkozy .
UPDATE : Some folks are saying that the beer in question may be of the non-alcoholic “ Buckler ” brew .
Also , as one of our commenters notes , there is no such thing as “ non-alcoholic ” beer .
Near beers are low alcohol and alcoholics are advised to stay away from them .
The huge printing presses of a major Chicago newspaper began malfunctioning on the Saturday before Christmas , putting all the revenue for advertising that was to appear in the Sunday paper in jeopardy .
None of the technicians could track down the problem .
Finally , a frantic call was made to the retired printer who had worked with these presses for over 40 years .
“ We ’ll pay anything ; just come in and fix them , ” he was told .
When he arrived , he walked around for a few minutes , surveying the presses ; then he approached one of the control panels and opened it .
He removed a dime from his pocket , turned a screw ¼ of a turn , and said , “ The presses will now work correctly . ”
After being profusely thanked , he was told to submit a bill for his work .
The bill arrived a few days later , for $ 10,000.00 !
Not wanting to pay such a huge amount for so little work , the printer was told to please itemize his charges , with the hope that he would reduce the amount once he had to identify his services .
The revised bill arrived : $ 1.00 for turning the screw ; $ 9,999.00 for knowing which screw to turn .
Commentary : most debugging problems are fixed easily ; identifying the location of the problem is hard .
By Jonathan Fildes
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
Setae allow geckos to scurry up walls and hang upside down
Unlike other adhesives inspired by the nimble reptiles , " geckel " can attach to both wet and dry surfaces , the team that developed the material says .
Its staying power comes from coating fibrous silicone , similar in structure to a gecko's foot , with a polymer that mimics the " glue " used by mussels .
Writing in Nature , the researchers say it could have medical applications .
" I envision that adhesive tapes made out of geckel could be used to replace sutures for wound closure , and may also be useful as a water - resistant adhesive for bandages and drug - delivery patches , " said Professor Phillip Messersmith from Northwestern University in Evanston , near Chicago , US .
" Such a bandage would remain firmly attached to the skin during bathing but would permit easy removal upon healing . "
Other research teams claim they have already produced a gecko - inspired material that works underwater .
Tiny forces
Geckos have an incredible ability to stick to surfaces .
Some studies suggest the over - engineered reptiles can hold hundreds of times their own body weight .
In 2000 , a University of California team showed that the adhesion was due to very weak intermolecular forces produced by the billions of hair - like structures , known as setae , on each gecko foot .
Geckos can support hundreds of times their own body weight
The cumulative attractive force of billions of setae allows geckos to scurry up walls and even hang upside down on polished glass .
The reptile 's grip is only released when it peels its foot off the surface .
The new geckel material exploits this ability but also combines it with the sticking power of mussels .
It consists of a base of densely packed silicone setae coated with a polymer that mimics amino acids found in the glues of mussels .
" I was reading a research paper about the drop of adhesion in geckos when [ they go ] under water , and it hit me : maybe we could apply what we know about mussels to make gecko adhesion work under water , " said Professor Messersmith
Tests showed that the material could be stuck and unstuck more than 1,000 times , even when used under water .
The researchers said that other materials had only demonstrated " a few contact cycles " .
Removing the polymer coating drastically reduced its efficiency .
Sticky tape
Creating a cheap , mass produced adhesive that mimics the sticking power of the cold - blooded gecko has long been a goal of scientists .
We have demonstrated a proof of concept
Phillip Messersmith
It was produced using electron - beam lithography , a process in which a beam of electrons etches patterns in a surface .
The same technique is used to make geckel but is expensive and difficult to scale - up for mass production .
For example , the pieces of geckel used in the latest experiments were just 60 nanometres ( billionths of a metre ) in diameter .
" We have demonstrated a proof of concept , " said Professor Messersmith .
" The challenge will be to scale up the technology and still have the geckel material exhibit adhesive behaviour . "
But last year , researchers at aerospace and defence firm BAE Systems raised hopes of mass production when they showed off centimetre length strips of a plastic , known as Synthetic Gecko .
Sticking plaster
Using a technique known as photo - lithography , common in the silicon industry , they have since been able to scale up production .
" We 've now got large pieces , " said Dr Sajad Haq , a research scientist at the company 's Advanced Technology Centre in Bristol , UK .
He was unable to reveal the exact size of the sheets as the company has applied for patents on the material .
Synthetic Gecko is composed of millions of mushroom - shaped hairs
" We 've now got the material working on rough surfaces and wet surfaces ; so it does work underwater for example . " he said .
Crucially , he said , his team had not had to tweak the design too much to make it work when wet .
" The material we use is still a simple system , " he said .
" We have n't had to do anything complex to ensure it works underwater . "
He also said that , like geckel , Synthetic Gecko could be re-used over and over again .
Once patented , the firm plans to use the material for a range of applications from repair patches for tanks , aircraft and submarines to crawler robots .
" It 's becoming more and more practical , " he said .
" It 's getting very close to a high maturity level . "
As the Synthetic Gecko research is commercially sensitive , specific details have not yet been published .
Yesterday I did a story on the heavy Evangelical penetration of the US military .
The concern was n't about Evangelicals but , rather , religious coercion in the military and troubling questions Weinstein has raised about possible compromises in the US military 's chain of command .
Reading this post , please bear in mind that belief , or the absence of belief , is extremely difficult to demonstrate although modern MRI brain imaging techniques can demonstrate activity , or the lack of that , in areas of the brain associated with religious belief .
But it is unlikely George W. Bush would submit to such scrutiny , and so we must consider proxy evidence .
If you 're concerned about possible war with Iran , Wes Clark is too - you can sign his petition and get a free button ]
" The classical pattern of apocalypse , comprising in its active form , an initial phase of savage destruction followed by a phase of messianic rebirth , can be recognized in individual psychosis and in the Nazi type of destruction , persecution and virtual suicide . "
- Mortimer Ostow , " The Psychodynamics of Apocalyptic : Discussion of Papers on Identification and the Nazi Phenomenon , " International Journal of Psycho - Analysis , 1986 " God wants me to be President . " - George W. Bush , 19 January 1999
[ UPDATE : Some critics of this post have objected that there are few , if any , apocalyptic Christian Zionists within the Bush Administration .
That point , even if correct , does not negate the impact of beliefs George W. Bush might hold .
Further , neoconservatives widely held to have had considerable influence , within the Bush administration and in propelling the US towards war with Iraq , talk in terms eerily similar to those of apocalyptic Christian Zionism .
Much neoconservative rhetoric is in fact indistinguishable from the rhetoric of apocalyptic Christian Zionists :
Neoconservatives For Maximal War " [ Richard ]
Perle told journalist John Pilger in 2002 that " if we just let our vision of the world go forth , and we embrace it entirely and we do n't try to piece together clever diplomacy , but just wage a total war ... our children will sing great songs about us years from now . "
" Israel is part of a global war , the war of radical Islam against civilization .
Right now Israel is doing the work of the rest of the civilized world by taking on the terrorists .
It is not only for Israel 's sake that we must get the facts out -- it is for ourselves , America , for every free country in the world , and for civilization itself . "
- David Horowitz
" One can only hope that we turn the region [ the Middle East ] into a cauldron [ of war ] , and faster , please .
If ever there were a region that richly deserved being cauldronized , it is the Middle East today . "
- Michael Ledeen
" I think an explosion is long overdue and turning the whole region into a cauldron [ of war ] is a necessary step toward reforming it . "
- Mark Steyn " Norm Podhoretz ranks among the most prominent American editors of the 20th century .
And he 's doing pretty well in the 21st .
( Laughter . )
Never a man to tailor his opinions to please others , Mr. Podhoretz has always written and spoken with directness and honesty .
Sometimes speaking the truth has carried a cost .
Yet , over the years , he has only gained in stature among his fellow writers and thinkers .
Today we pay tribute to this fierce intellectual man [ sic ] and his fine writing and his great love for our country . "
- George W. Bush , presenting the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Podhoretz in June of 2004 " God willing , Judgment Day is coming to the Middle East . "
- Michael Ledeen " Prof Ledeen is ... believed to have the ear of the White House 's current Chief of Staff Karl Rove , and has regular conversations with him .
... His view on the war on terror is clear , he said : ' Iraq is just one battle in a larger war , bringing down the regime in Iran is the central act ... ' "
- BBC News " Whether or not the White House listens , it seems that they ’ve listened to a lot of things about Iran , that I will say .
I mean , some of the language and some of the speech is very familiar to me , and really reflects the sort of thing that I ’ve been pushing for . "
- Ledeen , April 2003
" The regime must go . " - [ Richard ] Perle and [ David ] Frum , on Iran " All of Korea will be united in liberty . "
- Perle and Frum , on North Korea " We should force European governments to choose between Paris and Washington . " - Perle and Frum , on Europe
This post concerns the possibility that George W. Bush holds apocalyptic religious views and believes God has commanded him to attack Iran in order to bring on the Apocalypse .
" It was in his first campaign for governor that George W. began to preach the gospel according to Bush .
He literally gave sermons in Houston 's mega-churches , laying the blame for America 's " failed culture " on the excesses of his generation in the 60s .
" The culture of my generation , our generation , has clearly said , ‘ If it feels good , do it , and be sure to blame somebody else if you have a problem . ' " " - Gail Sheehey , Vanity Fair story on George W. Bush 's religious beliefs .
When I woke this morning and made a pot of coffee , the sun was already up , cresting the hill behind my house amidst a din of birds and a riotous explosion , sudden and exuberant , of Spring .
It was beautiful , and I think that 's why I chose to wrote this now ; so that , in the words of Richard Brautigan 's final book , ... The Wind Wo n't Blow It All Away .
***
About a month ago , a team of Japanese journalists visited Mikey Weinstein of the Military Religious Freedom Foundation , to do a story on Weinstein and his fight against religious coercion in the US military .
The journalists told Weinstein they saw a pattern , now in the US , of religious militarism very similar to that which had arisen in Japan prior to World war Two .
" ... a short video on faith and diplomacy made in the aftermath of September 11,2001 , by Christian Embassy , a behind - the - scenes ministry for government and military elites .
It almost seems to endorse deliberate negligence of duty , Dan Cooper , an undersecretary of veterans ' affairs , announces that his weekly prayer sessions are " more important than doing the job . "
Major General Jack Catton says that he sees his position as an adviser to the Joint Chiefs of Staff as a " wonderful opportunity " to evangelize men and women setting defense policy .
" My first priority is my faith , " he says .
" I think it 's a huge impact ....
You have many men and women who are seeking God 's counsel and wisdom as they advise the Chairman [ of the Joint Chiefs ] and the Secretary of Defense . "
Brigadier General Bob Caslen puts it in sensual terms : " We 're the aroma of Jesus Christ . "
There 's a joyous disregard for democracy in these sentiments , for its demands and its compromises , that in its darkest manifestation becomes the overlooked piety at the heart of the old logic of Vietnam , lately applied to Iraq :
In order to save the village , we must destroy it .
Weinstein , a former Air Force lawyer and Reagan White House counsel , saw not just some disturbing theology , but a potential violation of military regulations regarding separation of church and state . "
- Jeff Sharlet , Jeff Sharlet - Ten
Things I Learned from the Pentagon 's Prayer Team ( emphases mine )
War , especially religious war , is not a glorious affair .
Images in this story are of the outcomes of real war on real humans .
Please be advised .
Also , a few days ago , as you 've probably heard , US Senator John McCain sang " Bomb Iran , Bomb Bomb Bomb " to the tune of the Beach Boys ' hit " Barbara Ann " , before an audience of hundreds at a VFW hall .
Back in April 2006 , John McCain said , on " Meet The Press " , to Tim Russert , that war with Iran could lead to " Armageddon " .
Now , McCain 's singing about bombing that country as if it were some sort of joke .
GOP House Minority Whip Roy Blunt Jr. flew out to Texas , early in 2007 , to meet privately with John Hagee as well .
The Apocalypse seems to be a popular subject these days in the GOP .
To the right is a picture , by a survivor of the bombing , of victims of the Hiroshima nuclear blast .
***
( image , right : skulls of Hiroshima victims )
Over the course of the last few months , I 've been studying what George W. Bush may believe , and what people who are accorded as having been major religious influences on Bush say they believe .
Almost to a man , and they have all been men , those who are held to have shaped George W. Bush 's religious beliefs have been apocalyptic Christian Zionists .
George Bush speaks in the idiom of Christian apocalyptic premillenial dispensationalism , in common parlance the language of the end - times , of the coming Apocalypse , Rapture , and Armageddon .
" Madman " theory does not suffice , from all that I can tell , to explain George W. Bush 's numerous statements , that he speaks to God , is on a mission from God , that he is part of a divine plan .
By most evidence , George W. Bush appears to hold a personal , messianic belief that he , personally , must usher in the Apocalypse .
And , he might just be able , as the last gasp of his dying presidency , to pull it off .
In 2004 , David Domke and Kevin Coe did a study of presidential language and come to the troubling conclusion - George W. Bush 's language is very different from language used by past presidents :
( image - from archival footage of " The Rape Of Nanking " )
" The religious outlook of George W. Bush has been the focus of recent stories by several major news media .
In these pieces White House officials and allies consistently have made the case that Bush ’s faith and language are no different from past presidents .
In the words of the Rev. Richard Neuhaus in The Washington Post , " This is so conventionally Christian piety and Christian faith " that Bush ’s faith is " as American as apple pie . "
That simply is not so .
Bush ’s fusion of faith and politics is anything but conventional for the presidency .
The key difference is this : Presidents since Franklin Roosevelt have spoken as petitioners of God , seeking blessing and guidance ; this president positions himself as a prophet , issuing declarations of divine desires for the nation and world .
Most fundamentally , Bush ’s language suggests that he speaks not only of God and to God , but also for God .
Among modern presidents , only Ronald Reagan has spoken in a similar manner -- and he did so far less frequently than has Bush . "
- Published in The Revealer October 11 , 2004 .
( David Domke is an associate professor in the Department of Communication at the University of Washington .
He is the author of God Willing ?
Political Fundamentalism in the White House , the " War on Terror , " and the Echoing Press ( Pluto Press , 2004 ) .
Kevin Coe is a doctoral student in the Department of Speech Communication at the University of Illinois . )
George W. Bush , at a public appearance Thursday , laid it out for all to see and this should come as no surprise :
As the Republican National Committee reports on its website , President Bush has declared this April 19 , 2007 , that his " faith " and his family come first , while George W. Bush 's loyalty to the United States comes last .
( thanks to Universal Health for the tip )
I wish I was traveling here with Laura .
The best thing about my family is my wife .
( Applause . )
She is a great First Lady .
I know that sounds not very objective , but that 's how I feel .
And she 's also patient .
Putting up with me requires a lot of patience .
But she sends her best ; she 's in New Orleans today .
And I will tell you , one reason -- this may sound counterintuitive , but a good marriage is really good after serving together in Washington , D.C.
It 's been an amazing experience to be a husband and then a dad as President of the United States .
I emphasize , that is the priority for me as the President .
It 's my faith , my family , and my country "
Faith , Family , then Country ?
Bush 's declaration of presidential loyalty seems to run directly counter to the oath Bush , and all US presidents , have taken upon entering presidential office :
" I do solemnly swear ( or affirm ) that I will faithfully execute the office of President of the United States , and will to the best of my ability , preserve , protect and defend the Constitution of the United States . "
Am I making too much of this ?
Let 's look at a recent flap concerning US Representative Keith Ellison 's Islamic religious .
Critics claimed that Ellison could not be trusted to honor his oath of office because some Islamicists say things like this :
Secularists in the West will agree with this , then they will point out that under Islamic law , people are not all equal .
No non-Muslim , for example , could become the president .
Well , in response to that fact , in turn , secularism is no different .
No Muslim could become president in a secular regime , for in order to pledge loyalty to the constitution , a Muslim would have to abandon part of his belief and embrace the belief of secularism — which is practically another religion .
For Muslims , the word ' religion ' does not only refer to a collection of beliefs and rituals , it refers to a way of life which includes all values , behaviors , and details of living .
( Dr. Jaafar Sheikh Idris )
Indications are good that , for George W. Bush , religious belief trumps Bush 's responsibility to American people who hold religious and philosophical beliefs that differ from his .
Signs are strong that Bush wants Apocalypse and that , even though a large percent of American does not wish for Apocalypse , George W. Bush just does n't care .
If he has the power to bring it on , that 's that ; he 'll do it and damn us all to the hell on Earth he feels God wants him to set in motion .
Let me turn to Jeff Sharlet , to frame the backdrop to all of this :
John Hagee is likely one of religious leaders who helped shape Goerge W. Bush 's religious beliefs .
Until last Wednesday , John Hagee 's " Apocalypse Lobby " website featured an image , of Jerusalem 's Wailing wall and the Temple Mount , from which the 3rd Holiest Site in Islam had been airbrushed out .
As a result of my blogging , it seems , CUFI last Wednesday replaced its website logo image with another image in which the Haram el - Sharif was visible .
A number of observers considered the original , airbrushed CUFI logo image to be wildly provocative to the Islamic world .
In a recent Charisma Magazine issue John Hagee , in a piece entitled " The Coming Holy War " , wrote : " Israel and America must confront Iran 's nuclear ability and willingness to destroy Israel with nuclear weapons . "
On July 19 , 2006 , at a CUFI sponsored Washington DC event called " A Night to Honor Israel " , with GOP Party head Ken Mehlman and US GOP Senators Sam Brownback and Rick Santorum ( President George W. Bush sent recorded greetings to the event ) , Pastor John Hagee declared :
" The United States must join Israel in a pre-emptive military strike against Iran to fulfill God 's plan for both Israel and the West ... a biblically prophesied end - time confrontation with Iran , which will lead to the Rapture , Tribulation [...] and [ the ] Second Coming of Christ . "
Hagee 's beliefs are actually part of mainstream Christian Zionist thought , which tends to hold that , after Christians are " Raptured " bodily up to heaven , most Jews ( 2/3 to be precise ) will die in a subsequent terrible conflict centered around Israel .
Fundamentalism is here , and even provided we can squeak by the Apocalypse we 're going to have to learn to deal with it .
As Jeff Sharlet writes :
" We keep trying to explain away American fundamentalism .
Those of us not engaged personally or emotionally in the biggest political and cultural movement of our times — those on the sidelines of history — keep trying to come up with theories with which to discredit the evident allure of this punishing yet oddly comforting idea of a deity , this strange god .
His invisible hand is everywhere , say His citizen - theologians , caressing and fixing every outcome : Little League games , job searches , test scores , the spread of sexually transmitted diseases , the success or failure of terrorist attacks ( also known as " signs " ) , victory or defeat in battle , at the ballot box , in bed ....
A divine love that speaks through hurricanes .
Who would worship such a god ?
His followers must be dupes , or saps , or fools , their faith illiterate , insane , or misinformed , their strength fleeting , hollow , an aberration .
A burp in American history .
An unpleasant odor that will pass .
We do n’t like to consider the possibility that they are not newcomers to power but returnees , that the revivals that have been sweeping America with generational regularity since its inception are not flare - ups but the natural temperature of the nation ...
The Christian nation of which the movement dreams , a government of those chosen by God but democratically elected by a people who freely accept
His will as their own , is a far country .
The nation they seek does not , at the moment , exist ; perhaps it could in the future .
More important to fundamentalism is the belief that it did exist in the American past , not in the history we learn in public school and from PBS and in newsmagazine cover stories on the Founders but in another story , one more biblical , one more mythic and more true .
Secularism hides this story , killed the Christian nation , and tried to dispose of the body .
Fundamentalism wants to resurrect it , and doing so requires revision : fundamentalists , looking backward , see a different history , remade in the image of the seductive but strict logic of a prime mover that sets things in motion .
The cause behind every effect , says fundamentalist science , is God .
Even the inexorable facts of math are subject to His decree , as explained in homeschooling texts such as Mathematics : Is God Silent ?
Two plus two is four because God says so .
If He chose , it could just as easily be five .
( Jeff Sharlet , from Through a Glass Darkly , Harpers Magazine , December 2006 )
What does George W. Bush Believe ?
What does George W. Bush believe ?
And , given the embattled nature of the Bush Administration , does it even matter ?
Is n't Bush a lame duck president ?
Has n't the tide of political cronyism and religious zealotry that swept in as the presidency of George W. Bush crested at last ?
With the return of the Democrats in force to Congress , to control the House of Representatives and the Senate , have n't we witnessed , at long last , the crest of the wave , the high water mark of the Bush Administration 's proclivity for packing the federal bureaucacy with religious ideologues ?
" While it is well - known that George W. Bush presents himself as devoutly Christian , and he is widely considered beholden to the fundamentalists who are at least a third of the U.S. population and the GOP ’s core voting base , whether or not he is a dispensationalist has emerged as one the administration ’s most closely held secrets .
The White House even refuses to say if the president has read the Left Behind books .
Among evangelicals , though , there is a widespread conviction that Bush shares the End Times vision and has been divinely appointed to lead the nation .
( from Glenn Weiser 's What Does The President Believe ? )
( video clip : George W. Bush is known to have frequented , as Governor of Texas , John Hagee 's Cornerstone Baptist Church .
The video clip is set to a sermon , by Hagee , alleging a conspiracy of " international banking " interests to create a sinister , satanic " New World Order " through the United Nations )
Why have we seen , in the last year and in the face of rationality and amidst the failure of the Bush Administration 's Iraq gambit , to the ruin of that nation , the same sort of PR buildup , aimed apparently at building a case for war with Iran , we witnessed prior to the invasion of Iraq ?
The administration of George W. Bush may be unraveling , coming apart at the seams , or imploding .
But , Bush himself holds one trump card to overrule all trump cards ; war is its own logic , and US forces once committed to an attack on Iran will not be easily withdrawn .
Once that Pandora 's
Box gets opened , whatever demons shriek out at the world will not go away but will be with us for decades or , in human terms , forever .
( image : detail from painting depicting the " St. Bartholomew's Day Massacre " )
The overwhelming bulk of available evidence points towards the likelihood that George W. Bush is a Christian Zionist who believes , really believes , in the need for maximal , catastrophic war in the Mideast .
Over the past several months I have been conducting , by myself with the help of a few concerned friends , an exhaustive study of George W. Bush 's likely religious beliefs , or his lack thereof .
Gail Sheehey , at the onset of George W. Bush 's presidential tenure , covered Bush 's beliefs .
But no one , as far as I can tell , who is familiar with Christian apocalyptic dispensationalism and with the intersection of religion and politics has made concerted effort to gather all available data bits on George Bush 's religious belief .
Until now .
Evidence I have gleaned points in one troubling direction , and therefore towards a monumental bifurcation point in world history resting now in the hands , more than any human , of a man who appears to believe , in his heart , in the coming Apocalypse , in immanent , unavoidable Armageddon , in the " Rapture " of " Bible believing " Christians to heaven where they will , in safety , look down upon a world convulsing in hideous military conflict and the slaughter of hundreds of millions , billions of people even , by fire and sword , bullets and bombs , by nuclear incineration .
The Apocalypse , understood in either religious terms of merely viewed in secular terms , as catastrophic world war , would preclude meaningful action to address the penultimate world challenge of our time , Global Warming .
Apocalypse would preclude meaningful action on AIDS and poverty , on preserving biodiversity , forests and ocean ecosystems .
To significant action across a vast swath of imaginable world problems , even problems unrecognized as of yet , the Apocalypse would shut the door , perhaps forever .
At this moment in time , George W. Bush holds the keys to two radically different kingdoms ; two fates , one leading towards a constructive future and one leading towards catastrophe , towards terrible , destructive unraveling in the fabric of human and biological systems on Earth .
***
Has n't George W. Bush Been Defanged ?
But , has n't George W. Bush been rendered toothless and fangless ?
Has n't the charging Texas cowboy been knocked from his horse ?
That seems to be the common consensus :
Recently , I was discussing , with an editor at a national magazine who I 'll leave unnamed , a curious issue : the apparent airbrushing of the logo image for a new national Christian lobbying group that lobbies for the Apocalypse , for catastrophic war in the Mideast .
The 3rd Holiest site in Islamic had been wiped from the logo image and , intentional or not , the symbolism could have been wildly inflammatory to the Islamic world .
Talk of the logo led , of course , to Mideast , and the editor agreed with me that Bush probably wanted maximal Mideast conflict but believed that wiser heads would prevail ; there was fightback , in Republican ranks even , against the Bush Administration 's lust to expand the theater of Mideast conflict , to " fail forward " and attack Iran .
Wiser heads , he reassured me , would prevail .
I 'm not convinced though , and perhaps that 's an artifact of what I 've been studying lately ; the hot zone of religion and politics , especially when the religious beliefs in question are apocalyptic and the political realm in question concerns the loyalty , or lack thereof , of United States armed services members to religious pluralism , American Constitutional Democracy , and simply to not provoke catastrophic war , can be a troubling realm to pay attention to .
Once , at an national environmental activist conference , I happened to overhear the staff of the facility hosting the event quip , about the environmentalists present , " they 're worse than people with eating disorders " and I think the realm I gesturing at elicits a similar manic intensity ... but for good reason .
Sober heads , even advocates for a new Pax Americana such as " The Grand Chessboard " author Zbigniew Brzezinsky , have warned that a US attack on Iran could open a gateway to catastrophe .
As I covered yesterday , the US military has been penetrated to an unknown extent but , arguably , extensively by American Evangelicals with apocalyptic dispensationalist beliefs .
Wars are comparatively easy to provoke , and an influential faction in American politics , a coalition perhaps including George W Bush , many evangelicals in the US military , many in Bush 's core fundamentalist base , the lobbying blocks of CUFI and to some extent AIPAC , and busy cadres of writers , publicists , and PR specialists , are concertedly pushing for war with Iran .
Such a possibility would have seemed insane six or seven years ago at the onset of the Bush Administration , but here are and the most likely reason we have come to this grim possibility can be expressed in two words :
Christian Zionism .
" Bush addressed the CNP ( Council On National Policy ) in 1999 ( there is , of course , no public record of what he said ) and begins every day poring over Bible commentary .
Do he and Laura read themselves to sleep with LaHaye ?
That he is sympathetic to what LaHaye stands for , religiously and politically ( assuming they can be separated ) , is a legitimate conclusion .
In 1993 , Bush unguardedly divulged that only Christians can get to heaven .
He secured his base , at the beginning of his presidential campaign , by speaking at Bob Jones University - which he refused to criticise for its ban on interracial dating .
At his inauguration , he chose Franklin Graham to deliver the ceremonial prayer - the son of the venerable Billy ( the evangelist who saved Bush from the demon drink ) , who has become notorious for telling the world that Islam " is a very evil and wicked religion " .
" ( UK Guardian , June 12 , 2003 )
" Bush 's first real encounter with Jesus came about with the Evangelical Reverend Billy Graham .
No problem there .
Reverend Graham , though once a registered Democrat , has made a point of staying non-partisan .
Since then , Bush has kept the company of some odd pastors , such as James Robison , the anti-abortion fanatic who likes to quote both sides of his conversations with God.
Robison prayed with Bush in the Oval Office before the invasion of Iraq .
Another is one of Texas ' foremost fundamentalist preachers , the Reverend James [ sic ]
Hagee of the Cornerstone Church in San Antonio .
Hagee is part of a more off - center form of Christianity tracing back to an Anglian priest who abandoned his church in 1820 to form his own sect .
The beliefs Hagee brings from this , known as Dispensationalism , are too complicated to cover here , but basically revolve around Armegeddon and a literal reading of the Book of Revelation .
This " end- times " theology can be seen in Bush 's foreign policy .
In November of 2002 , Hagee addressed his congregation of four thousand people , outlining a foreign policy strangely similar to Bush 's policy set forth later .
With then - House Majority Leader Tom Delay at his side , Hagee preached about regime change in Syria as well as Iraq , and about destroying the regime of Yasir Arafat .
These were policies written six years earlier by Richard Perle , Douglas Feith , Charles Fairbanks , Jr. , and others who are now part of the Project for a New American Century ( PNAC ) .
Hagee stated , " Listen , Saddam , there 's a Texan in the White House , and he 's going to take you down . "
On more than one occasion , Bush has claimed he takes his orders from God ... literally .
Mahmoud Abbas , Palestinian Prime Minister , and Nabil Shaath , his Foreign Minister , describe their first meeting with President Bush in June 2003 .
Nabil Shaath relates the meeting : " President Bush said to all of us , ' I 'm driven with a mission from God .
God would tell me , " George , go and fight those terrorists in Afghanistan . "
And I did , and then God would tell me , " George , go and end the tyranny in Iraq ... "
And I did .
And now , again , I feel God 's words coming to me , " Go get the Palestinians their state and get the Israelis their security , and get peace in the Middle East . "
And by God I 'm gonna do it . ' "
Israel 's most reputable newspaper , Ha'aretz , related a similar story from the same time .
At the cease - fire negotiations between Abbas and faction leaders from the Hamas , Islamic Jihad and the Popular and Democratic Fronts , Bush said , " God told me to strike at al Qaida and I struck them , and then He instructed me to strike at Saddam , which I did , and now I am determined to solve the problem in the Middle East .
If you help me I will act , and if not , the elections will come and I will have to focus on them . "
" What [ Rev. Billy Graham ] said sparked a change in my heart .
We walked and talked at Walker 's Point , and I knew I was in the presence of a great man ...
Reverend Graham planted a mustard seed in my soul ...
He led me to the path , and I began walking .
It was the beginning of a change in my life . " - Bush , A Charge to Keep , 1999 " ... What are some of those signs we should be watching for ? "
" Political unrest ...
Although Russia no longer is a threat as a superpower , many other nations have access to nuclear weapons and instantly could plunge the world into chaos with the push of a button ... "
" Natural disasters ...
There have always been earthquakes , famines and other natural disasters in the world , but this century [ the 20th ] has witnessed more of them -- disasters with greater intensity . "
" Social unrest ...
Jesus also said there would be an increase of wickedness and the love of many would grow cold ( Matthew 24:12 ) .
Read the papers , we 're already there . "
" Religious apostasy ...
The ' faith which was once delivered unto the saints ' ( Jude 3 ) slowly has been eroded throughout this century to the point where the Word of God no longer has any authority in the minds of people . "
" Economic instability ...
Many areas of the globe are experiencing this ... "
" The rebirth of Israel .
... God has assimilated into one nation Jews of many cultures and languages and preserved them through five wars with their Arab neighbors .
The people have reclaimed and rebuilt the old wastes of ancient cities , towns , and villages .
All of this is a major miracle that points unmistakably to Israel 's strategic role in the Lord 's scenario for the last days . "
" Evangelistic permeation ...
Never in history has there been such a concentrated effort to fulfill the Great Commission as in the days leading up to the start of the new millennium . "
" The rise of the Antichrist ...
Antichrist is an apocalyptic figure that will rise to world power in the last days .
He will control the world 's economy and religion and will wage war against the church and Israel .
Many have sought to identify him through the years with some contemporary figure , as some undoubtedly have resembled his qualities to some degree .
Nevertheless , he may be alive right now and just waiting for the right moment to seize power . "
- Billy Graham , from Graham 's last book , " The Beginning Of The End " , 1999 " The Reverend Billy Graham taught Bush to live in anticipation of the Second Coming but it was his friendship with Dr. Tony Evans that shaped Bush 's political understanding of how to deport himself in an apocalyptic era .
Dr. Evans , the pastor of a large Dallas church and a founder of the Promise Keepers movement taught Bush about " how the world should be seen from a divine viewpoint , " according to Dr. Martin Hawkins , Evans assistant pastor .
S.R. Shearer of Antipas Ministries writes , " Most of the leaders of the Promise Keepers embrace a doctrine of ' end time ' ( eschatology ) , known as ' dominionim . '
Dominionism pictures the seizure of earthly ( temporal ) power by the ' people of God ' as the only means through which the world can be rescued ....
It is the eschatology that Bush has imbibed ; an eschatology through which he has gradually ( and easily ) come to see himself as an agent of God who has been called by him to ' restore the earth to God 's control ' , a ' chosen vessel ' , so to speak , to bring in the Restoration of All Thingss . "
Shearer calls this delusion , " Messianic leadership " -- that is to say usurping the role usually ascribed to the Messiah .
In Bush at War Bob Woodward writes , " Most presidents have high hopes .
Some have grandiose visions of what they will achieve , and he was firmly in that camp . "
To answer these attacks and rid the world of evil , " says Bush .
And again , " We will export death and violence to the four corners of the earth in defense of this great nation . "
Grandiose visions .
Woodward comments ,
" The president was casting his mission and that of the country in the grand vision of Gods Master Plan . "
" The lessons of the Bible were a reason for his decision to run for president .
He feels that God speaks to him . " - Texas megachurch preacher and personal friend to George W. Bush , Dr. Tony Evans " As Texan preacher Tony Evans , one of his spiritual advisors , recalls : " The lessons of the Bible were a reason for his decision to run for president .
He feels that God speaks to him . "
From then on , Bush defined his work as a mission : " I am convinced that we must fundamentally and permanently change our entire culture .
We need spiritual renewal in America . "
The occasional churchgoer had become a pious man , a man who continues to practice rigorous discipline in the White House and incorporates the appropriate passage from the Bible into his daily agenda .
The insecure drinker has become a president with whom mainstream Americans can identify , precisely because of his mediocrity , fallibility and devoutness . "
" Dr. Martin Hawkins , Evans ’ assistant pastor , Evans taught Bush " how the world should be seen from a divine viewpoint . "
And Bush says in his book , A Charge to Keep , that he has been " spellbound " listening to Evans ’ sermons '
" Bush learned from Evans a whole new approach — cultural rather than economic — to winning political adherents .
" On July 4 , 1998 , Governor Bush listened to Dr. Evans lay out a whole philosophy about how the world should be seen from a divine viewpoint and adjusted politically , " says Evans 's assistant pastor Dr. Martin Hawkins .
Evans , who is said to be a confidant of the man he helped to become governor — they have prayed over the phone together — was one of the builders of the new Christian men 's movement known as the Promise Keepers .
He has urged men to " take back " authority from their wives , and women to " let your man be a man . "
Bush did seem to find direction and develop discipline in his habits through his personal religious revival .
" For some people , when they discover a faith in their religion , in God . . . it is a prescription for self - respect , " says Lacey Neuhaus .
But religion is also an important political tool for him .
His evangelical Christianity gives him solid standing as a social conservative .
It is also useful in dismissing questions about his character .
All he has to say is that his life has changed dramatically since he accepted Christ .
He is a new person , and his earlier , irresponsible conduct is irrelevant .
In his political sermons he began calling religious people to become involved in politics , and described the Bible as " a pretty good political handbook . "
He championed religious groups as the best instrument to change social policy , in place of government or in partnership with it .
Not only was that music to the ears of the Christian right , it meant money in their coffers .
Here was a politician who would channel government money not into social programs such as welfare but into church partnerships with the state .
Dr. Hawkins says , " There is a strong possibility that we would be one of the faith - based organizations that partner with the federal government , under President Bush , to reach out in the community to take care of housing and jobs . "
Unabashedly fired up by the rhetoric of the Christian men's movement , Bush forgot that not everyone accepts Christ as his or her savior .
He told a reporter in 1994 that the New Testament teaches that only those who accept Jesus Christ will go to Heaven . "
Franklin Graham is more than a long - standing friend of Bush .
He is a significant theological mentor .
Bush has written in Christian magazines that Reverend Franklin and his father were pivotal in renewing his faith and religious committment as a Christian after his bout with alcoholism .
The American public choose to be blithley unaware of Graham ’s hatred of Islam .
After the 9 - 11 attacks , and around the same time Bush declared his war on Islamist terrorists a " crusade , " Franklin Graham made a highly publicized blanket condemnation of Islam on the Christian TV show 700 Club calling it " a very evil and wicked religion . "
He has often written that Islam and Christianity will fight each other before the second coming of Christ .
Franklin Graham , like his father , who has been the confessor of several American presidents , believes Christ ’s coming is imminent .
Given the indelicate words of this prominent Islamaphobe , one might expect the president to distance himself , but no .
Gumbel reports that the president invited Franklin Graham to preach at the Good Friday 2003 prayer service held in the Pentagon .
I would add that he participated in the Holy Service just as the American invasion of an Islamic country was at its peak .
WOLF BLITZER : So what 's your bottom line ?
Do you believe , based on the reporting you did for this article , that the president of the United States is now aggressively plotting military action , a pre-emptive strike against Iran ?
SEYMOUR HERSH :
The word I hear is " messianic . "
He thinks , as I wrote , that he 's the only one now who will have the courage to do it .
He 's politically free .
I do n't think he 's overwhelmingly concerned about the '06 elections , congressional elections .
I think he really thinks he has a chance , and this is going to be his mission .
" Again , the White House Web site records that on March 3 , Bush told a Los Angeles audience , " God loves you , and I love you .
And you can count on both of us as a powerful message that people who wonder about their future can hear . "
After mentioning himself in the same breath with God , Bush then topped himself when the Lancaster New Era reported on July 16 that in a private meeting with an Amish group in Lancaster County , he told them , " I trust God speaks through me .
Without that , I could n’t do my job . "
The White House has denied the statement . "
" Five months later , in August of 2003 , MSNBC reported claims by televangelist Jack van Impe that the White House had contacted him seeking an outline of apocalyptic events .
Van Impe wrote on his website , " I am not sure whether he ( Bush ) knows all of the prophecies and how deep of a student he has been in God 's Word , but I was contacted a few weeks ago by the Office of Public Liaison for the White House and by the National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice to make an outline .
And I ’ve spent hours preparing it .
.. it ’s in his ( Bush ’s ) hands .
He will know exactly what is going to happen in the Middle East and what part he will have under the leading of the Holy Spirit of God . " ...
The White House has denied having made this request . "
Mr Bush 's Christian fervour only confirms suspicions that the looming war with Iraq is indeed a " crusade " against Muslims , exactly as Osama bin Laden suggests .
For world - weary Europe the presidential language evokes mirth and queasiness in equal measure .
A European leader who spoke in such terms would be laughed off the stage .
An American one who speaks this way only increases the fear that simplicities of faith , and a habit of seeing a hideously complicated world in a black - and - white , good or evil fashion , are a recipe for disaster .
Chapter and Verse : Bush and the Bible " Our prayer tonight is that God will see us through and keep us worthy .
Hope still lights our way , and the light shines in the darkness and the darkness will not overcome it . "
Speech on the anniversary of the terrorist attacks , 11 September 2002 " We do not claim to know all the ways of Providence .
Yet we can trust in them , placing our confidence in the loving God behind all of life , and all of history .
May he guide us now . "
State of the Union address , 28 January 2003
" In the words of the prophet Isaiah , ' Lift your eyes and look to the heavens . ' "
Address to the nation after the shuttle ' Columbia ' disaster , 1 February 2003 " It is the greatest gift you can give anybody , to pray on their behalf . "
At National Prayer Breakfast , 7 February 2003 " I welcome faith to solve the nation 's deepest problems ...
We 're being challenged .
We 're meeting those challenges because of our faith ...
We carried our grief to the Lord Almighty in prayer . "
Speech to National Convention of Religious Broadcasters , 10 February 2003 , referring to the 11 September terrorist attacks " The Archive of Bush 's Evil I asked them the other day , would it be okay if I cut a 30 - minute tape , a piece of propaganda , no questions , just here -- here it is , here 's 30 minutes of me talking ; please run it , not only across your airwaves but run it internationally , if you do n't mind ; I 've got something to say about the conflict and our fight against evil .
President George W. Bush - 11/13
It is also a reminder of the great purpose of our great land , and that is to rid this world of evil and terror .
The evil ones have roused a might nation , a mighty land .
And for however long it takes , I am determined that we will prevail .
President George W. Bush - 11/12
Our nations share an urgent mission , which is to stop and defeat terrorism wherever it may exist .
That mission is not directed against those who practice Islam .
That mission is directed against evil people .
President George W. Bush - 11/10
The only thing I know certain about him is that he 's evil .
And I do n't know what to believe about him , except that he wants to hurt Americans .
President George W. Bush - 11/10
In a second world war , we learned there is no isolation from evil .
We affirmed that some crimes are so terrible they offend humanity , itself .
And we resolved that the aggressions and ambitions of the wicked must be opposed early , decisively , and collectively , before they threaten us all .
That evil has returned , and that cause is renewed .
President George W. Bush - 11/10
We 're confident , too , that history has an author who fills time and eternity with his purpose .
We know that evil is real , but good will prevail against it .
This is the teaching of many faiths , and in that assurance we gain strength for a long journey .
President George W. Bush - 11/10
I think there is one universal law , and that 's terrorism is evil , and all of us must work to reject evil .
Murder is evil , and we must reject murder .
President George W. Bush - 11/9 America faces an evil and a determined enemy .
President George W. Bush - 11/9
None of us would ever wish the evil that has been done to our country , yet we have learned that out of evil can come great good .
President George W. Bush - 11/8
We know that we 're fighting evil .
And the American people are patient .
They 've heard the call .
President George W. Bush - 11/8
This is an evil man that we 're dealing with .
And I would n't put it past him to develop evil weapons to try to harm civilization as we know it .
President George W. Bush - 11/6
Given the means , our enemies would be a threat to every nation and , eventually , to civilization itself .
So we 're determined to fight this evil , and fight until we 're rid of it .
We will not wait for the authors of mass murder to gain the weapons of mass destruction .
We act now , because we must lift this dark threat from our age and save generations to come .
President George W. Bush - 11/6
Our war that we now fight is against terror and evil ...
Our struggle is going to be long and difficult .
But we will prevail .
We will win .
Good will overcome evil . "
PARTIAL EXCERPT from archive of George W. Bush public statements on " evil "
*********
RESOURCES
Here are a number of stories on apocalyptic Christian Zionism
An Editorial Note :
That leading US politicians now happily appear at public events with , cheer on , and consent to share the stage with a man who advocates a fringe conspiracy theory some would call anti-Semitic and urges a " preemptive " use of nuclear weapons in order to cause widespread nuclear war indicates the extent to which US political and religious culture has lurched far right , towards what some call an " apocalyptic death cult " , over the past four decades since the era in which Lyndon Johnson 's 1964 presidential campaign devastated Barry Goldwater 's presidential hopes by airing just one time a 30 second TV commercial , the " Daisy " ad , that effectively tarred Goldwater as eager for nuclear war .
Now , for Republican politicians wooing a key bloc of evangelical GOP voters , public expressions of nuclear blood lust are no longer stigmatized or politically toxic ; they are an asset .
Friends Of Israel and AIPAC Envision " Israel 's Final Holocaust " and " Jew Toast "
TTA contributor Chip Berlet , Senior Analyst for Political Research Associates , provides some background on the recent history of " New World Order " conspiracism among John Hagee 's fellow Christian Zionists such as Tim LaHaye and Pat Robertson in The Age Old Conspiracy
Previous installments in an ongoing series , by Bruce Wilson , on John Hagee and Christian Zionism :
" Pro Israel " Christian Leader Blames Jews For The Holocaust
" Be Jewish In Five Easy Days " , The Twelve Tribes Of Hagee
AIPAC Event Helps Mainstream Allegations Of " Satanic Liberal Jewish Conspiracy "
Holocaust For Zion : CUFI 's Christian Zionism Made Simple
GOP House Minority Whip Roy Blunt To Help Nuclear War Advocate
What Secret " Other Matters " Did McCain Discuss With " Apocalypse Now " Hagee ?
Dick Armey Denies Bush Administration Trying To Provoke " End Times "
recent stories from other authors :
Frank Cocozzelli : Donohue Softpeddles Hagee's Catholic Bashing
Max Blumenthal : AIPAC Cheers an Anti-Semitic Holocaust Revisionist ( and Abe Foxman Approves )
Sarah Posner : The Goy Who Cried Wolf :
The Israel lobby gives America 's leading Christian right warmonger a warm welcome
Max Blumenthal : Israel , the US , and the Christian Right : The Menage a Trois From Hell
Bill Berkowitz : Holy Warriors Set Sights on Iran
Esther Kaplan : Christian Zionism all juiced up
Richard Bartholomew : Armey : Bush Believes in Tribulation , but not Trying to Make it Happen
Published online 8 August 2006 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news060807-4
News
Cooperative society gets stressed out when babies are involved .
Cute meerkats have a darker side .
© Andrew Young - University of Cambridge
Are meerkats friendly altruistic animals who look after each other 's young , or a back - stabbing selfish bunch ?
Research shows that although meerkat societies are generally cooperative , when it comes to pregnant females all bets are off .
If a meerkat gets pregnant , she will actively try to kill the pups of other females .
And now it seems that the most dominant female in the group has an extra strategy for ensuring her pups ' survival : she chases and persecutes her potential baby - making competitors until they become so stressed that their fertility collapses1 .
Meerkats are often held up as examples of a cooperative society .
The larger dominant female in a meerkat group usually succeeds in getting pregnant and has most of the babies .
When this happens , the other subordinate workers pitch in with the babysitting and pup- feeding .
“ When it comes to who should produce the babies , conflict is rife . ” Andrew Young
University of Cambridge , UK
The system is rather like that of the queen bee and worker bees in a hive .
Such a hierarchy is n't unusual : other species practicing similar cooperative living include marmoset monkeys , naked mole - rats and acorn woodpeckers .
A group of meerkats will run sentry duty for each other , and recent research suggests that they teach the young how to handle dangerous food2 .
But underneath this altruistic façade lies a seething reproductive conflict .
" When it comes to who should produce the babies , conflict is rife , " says research leader Andrew Young , from the University of Cambridge , UK .
Young 's study is part of the decade - old Kalahari Meerkat Project , run by co-author Tim Clutton - Brock ( also of Cambridge University ) , following 15 groups of meerkats in the Kalahari desert , South Africa .
Young and his colleagues have now shown just how hard the dominant meerkat female fights to win her reproductive success : she chases and attacks subordinate females when she becomes pregnant , driving them away for up to 3 weeks before her own pups are born .
" It 's a period of really chronic persecution , " says Young .
Breach of contract
The team also found that this has a profound effect on the pursued females .
Their glucocorticoid hormones - a sign of stress - shoot up when under attack , reducing their chance of getting pregnant .
" The subordinate females ' reproductive function collapses , " says Young .
The team reports the results in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
This confers multiple advantages on the dominant female .
Her pups get all the subsequent baby care to themselves .
And it reduces the chance that a jealous subordinate female , pregnant with her own pups , will come after her children with murderous intentions .
Pregnant females killing one another 's offspring is not unheard of in the animal world — not even in cooperative societies where subordinate females should kowtow to dominant ones , says Wendy Saltzman of the University of California , Davis .
But , she says , it is unusual that the dominant mother should have to fight for her position by causing stress in the subordinate females .
" There 's normally a well - respected social contract in cooperative breeders : subordinate females are tolerated , but do n't breed .
They seem to have self - restraint , " Saltzman says .
" This study is the first good evidence that a cooperatively breeding species uses aggression - induced stress to actively stop subordinate females from breeding . "
The kat walks alone
ADVERTISEMENT
What it all amounts to , says Young , is an interesting clash between selfishness and cooperation .
There is a vicious power struggle between dominants and subordinates to see who manages to breed — which the dominant female usually wins .
But after that , the cooperative behaviour kicks in and everyone helps to rear the young .
" In the long run , it 's all genetically selfish , " Young comments .
" The subordinates attempt to reproduce ; if they can't , they try to ensure the survival of the group — on which their own survival depends — and rear their close relatives , who share their genes . "
So , like politicians , meerkats work for the good of the party , but are vicious back - stabbers when they get the chance .
Visit our meerkatsactually_vicious.html " > newsblog to read and post comments about this story .
University of Cambridge , UK
There have been worries about overseas speculation on the baht
Moves had been announced to deter overseas speculators from flooding the market and prevent further rises in the value of the baht .
The rising currency had threatened the country 's export industries .
But as foreign investors sold stock the finance minister said equity investment would not be included in the new move .
If you get a major stock market sell - off in one day based on a policy measure , I think the market will question the [ bank ] leadership
ABN Amro
The Bank of Thailand had said late on Monday that 30 % of non-trade related foreign exchange sold for the local baht currency must be deposited interest free with the central bank for a year .
The measures also included a rule that required all new foreign investments over $ 20,000 to stay in the country for at least a year .
However , after the stock market slide Finance Minister Pridiyathorn Devakula said on television that from Wednesday foreigners would be able to trade equities free of the restrictions on short - term fund inflows .
The restrictions still apply to overseas investments in bonds .
Money flowing in
The SET stock market index ended trading at 622.14 points - after its biggest one - day fall since Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait in August 1990 - with the banking , energy and telecommunications sectors all hit .
The reverberation throughout the region was the most dramatic since the 1997 Asian financial crisis .
In 1997 , dramatic outflows of foreign funds - initially in Thailand - led to the Asian financial meltdown .
Monday 's move by the central bank was its third recent attempt to stop currency speculation .
The authorities have felt vulnerable at so much overseas money circulating in the economy as investors have looked to speculate on the markets or baht .
Central bank figures showed that up to $ 950 m of foreign capital came into Thailand in the first week of December , up from an average of $ 300 m a week in November .
Analysts were left wondering why the bank would make such a " draconian " move .
" Frankly , if you get a major stock market sell - off in one day based on a policy measure , I think the market will question the leadership .
It 's as simple as that , " Shahab Jalinoos , a strategist at ABN Amro Bank in Singapore , said .
The baht had hit a nine - year high of 35.09 against the US dollar on Monday .
The baht , and Thai economy , had been under pressure following September 's military coup in the country , but the authorities had moved to reassure markets and investors .
Progress comes at a high price for China and India , but there are grounds for hope
In the most polluted city on earth , the smog is so thick that it seems to consume its source .
Iron foundries , smelting plants and cement factories loom out of the haze then disappear once more as you drive along Linfen 's roads .
The outlines of smoke stacks blur in the filthy mist .
No sooner are the plumes of carbon and sulphur belched out than the chimneys are swallowed up again .
" We only see the sun for a few days each year , " said Zhou Huocun , a doctor in the outlying village of Liucunzhen .
" The colour of our village is black .
It is so dirty that nobody airs their quilts outside any more so we are getting more parasites .
I have seen a steady increase in respiratory diseases as the air quality gets worse and worse . "
Outside Dr Zhou 's hospital , shoes leave marks in the black dust .
But it is a different type of carbon footprint that is drawing international attention to this part of the world .
Linfen is the frontline of the battle against global warming .
For the past five years , the city of 3.5 million people has been the most polluted place on the planet , bottom of the World Bank 's air quality rankings , and a symbol of the worst side - effects of China 's breakneck economic growth .
Enveloped by a spectral haze , the city lies at the heart of a 12 - mile industrial belt , fed by the 50 m tonnes of coal mined each year in the nearby hills of Shanxi province .
The New York - based Blacksmith Institute puts it alongside Chernobyl on a list of the planet 's 10 most contaminated places .
What Linfen symbolises is the cost of development in China and the other most populous country : India .
Both economies are growing explosively , leading to a rapid expansion of their middle classes .
This in turn has seen a growing appetite for power - one sated by the building of dirty , inefficient coal - fired plants that are slowly cooking the world 's atmosphere .
The effects have been dramatic .
By 2009 China is predicted to overtake the United States as the world 's biggest emitter of greenhouse gases .
India has recently become the fourth biggest polluter , but its steeply rising emissions will see it in third place within a few years .
China 's three decades of industrial blitzkrieg has extracted a heavy price .
Seventy percent of its rivers are contaminated .
In the southern Himalayas , ancient glaciers are melting .
Further north , encroaching deserts threaten the livelihoods of 400 million people .
India , which is only half as rich as China , has also suffered .
The frequency of catastrophic weather events such as flash flooding , say Indian meteorologists , is increasing .
Clouds of brown soot cover the skies above the Indian Ocean for months each year .
Agricultural scientists in the subcontinent note rising temperatures caused wheat yields to drop by a 10th last year .
The new consumption culture has brought western - style affluence that largely rural India can barely cope with .
Car sales are growing at 20 % a year , but there are not enough roads for anyone to drive on .
India - unlike China , Europe and America - does not set any fuel economy standards .
The result is that in the backstreets of a city such as Kanpur on the banks of the Ganges sit lines of cars , their engines idling in the sun .
Kanpur , with 3 million people , is the world 's seventh most polluted place , according to the World Bank study .
A thick brown haze of exhaust fumes is visible at street level .
Last year the Guardian found hundreds of people queuing outside the government hospital , their mouths covered with dirty rags .
" About 40 % of the patients coming with respiratory diseases are affected by the atmospheric pollution , " said Dr R P Singh , who describes the air as a " killer " .
The environmental problems in India and China , which between them have 2.4 billion people , have become an excuse for inaction elsewhere .
Many Britons argue that whatever positive steps they take will be insignificant compared with the negative impact of economic growth in Asia .
As Tony Blair puts it : " Close down all of Britain 's emissions and in less than two years just the growth in China 's emissions would wipe out the difference . "
British officials on a visit to Delhi this year told the Guardian that they were sceptical that India and China would sacrifice growth for green measures .
" They are talking about climate change but doing very little in reality , " said a source .
But for those seeking good news , it can be found even in China .
Linfen is trying to clean up .
By the end of this year , the city aims to close 160 of 196 iron foundries , and 57 of 153 coking plants .
By replacing small , dirty and dangerous plants with large , cleaner and more carefully regulated facilities , the local government in Linfen plans to drastically reduce emissions .
Central heating will be provided by gas instead of coal .
The changes are being driven by business ( nobody wants to invest in such a polluted place ) , bureaucratic self - interest ( local officials find it difficult to be promoted ) and shifting political priorities .
" We have more power than before , " said Yang Zhaofen , director of Linfen 's environmental bureau .
" The mayor says we can sacrifice economic growth in order to improve air quality .
That used to be unthinkable . "
There are already small signs of change .
Last year , Linfen 's residents breathed 163 days of unhealthy air , 15 days fewer than in 2005 .
Many factories have already been closed - not a wisp of smoke emerges from their chimneys .
Thanks partly to such measures , Linfen lost its bottom spot in China 's latest pollution rankings to the far - flung western city of Urumqi .
Blame
Both Beijing and New Delhi argue that they must use more energy to lift their populations from poverty , and that emissions per person are a fraction of those in rich states .
Manmohan Singh , the Indian prime minister , told a conference this month : " The principal polluters are the United States and countries of western Europe .
Per capita emissions are far ahead [ of India and China ] .
You cannot preserve energy by perpetuating poverty in the poor nations . "
The figures bear out his words .
India emits 1.1 tonnes of carbon dioxide per person .
China puts out 3.5 tonnes .
Both are less than the global average of 4.2 tonnes .
The comparable figures for the UK and America are 9.6 and 20.2 tonnes respectively .
Last year the Indian president , Abdul Kalam , a former scientist , called for 25 % of power generation to come from renewable sources by 2030 .
The figure is now just 6 % .
The country , which started its renewables ministry a decade ago , is building the world 's biggest wind farm site , with 500 turbines outside Mumbai .
The farm will have a capacity of 1,000MW .
" We are helping to make India one of only four countries in the world that can manufacture and export such technologies , " said Tulsi Tanti , founder and managing director of Suzlon , which is building the wind farm .
" Global warming created a great awareness for us .
We have the support of the government and with the economy growing by 8 - 10 % there will be a power deficit which we can fill with clean wind power . "
In China there 's also a growing appreciation of the unsustainable nature of red - hot economic growth , which has led to new green policies .
In an address to the National People 's Congress this month , the Chinese prime minister , Wen Jiabao , promised that " backward " factories would be shut down and energy efficiency improved to " bring pollution under control and protect the environment " .
Previous leaders have failed to keep similar pledges .
Mr Wen acknowledged that China had fallen short of its environmental targets last year .
According to the latest five - year plan , China should use 20 % less energy per unit of economic output by 2010 .
Last year , however , it managed to improve energy efficiency by only 1 % .
Yang Ailun , climate campaigner for Greenpeace in China , said the country was slowly waking up to environmental problems , but not necessarily in terms of greenhouse gas emissions .
" They are worried about the immediate causes of pollution - like river contamination - rather than global warming .
Climate change seems far away , " she said .
" If the government is really serious about environmental protection , then we need to change our economic structure and reduce our dependency on coal . "
The timing is critical .
The Kyoto protocol , which required developed countries to reduce their emissions by 5 % from 1990 levels , expires in 2012 .
China and India were not given targets under the Kyoto protocol while America refused to ratify it .
The upshot is that none of these three giants have any binding commitment to cut emissions .
But for an effective replacement for the protocol , these three will have to take part in negotiations by 2010 .
Much depends on the US , which is responsible for about a quarter of all emissions .
Without willing American engagement , the chances of a new agreement are small .
Unequivocal
Rajendra Pachauri , chairman of the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , which last month reported that global warming was " unequivocal " and caused by human activity , said the only reasonable solution was to cut emissions of greenhouse gases gradually , while attempting to find new , low - carbon , energy sources , such as wind , solar , water and nuclear power .
" But we can not ask developing countries like India and China to bear all of this burden .
Both have a point when they say that all the carbon dioxide was emitted in the process of the west becoming industrialised especially by the United States , " Dr Pachauri said .
" India and China will argue that this is not a problem created by themselves . "
" Instead we will find that people in the west will have to change their behaviour and conserve energy , use less power , perhaps wear warmer clothes in cold winters rather than turning up the central heating .
It also means countries like India will need help building railways so that their public transport systems can cope with the growth . "
When negotiations start this December for a deal to replace the Kyoto protocol , China and India will resist binding targets to reduce emissions .
New Delhi will probably seek technology to reduce carbon emissions from its power plants .
At most , Beijing might agree to goals on energy efficiency and greater use of alternatives to coal and oil .
Shame could prove the great motivator .
" The whole world will soon say to China , ' You are the number one emitter .
You have got to do something , ' " said Jeffrey Sachs , head of the Earth Institute at Columbia University .
Speaking at a recent lecture in Beijing , Professor Sachs said China needed to move quickly towards clean coal and carbon capture technology .
" The safe use of fossil fuels is the single most important source of hope in China and India . "
CANBERRA ( Reuters ) - Military exercises planned by Australia and the United States next month off the Australian coast could result in large - scale whale deaths or injuries , the International Whaling Commission said .
A humpback whale " breaches " the surface by propelling most of its body from the sea in Hervey Bay off the east coast of Australia August 7 , 2006 .
Military exercises planned by Australia and the United States next month off the Australian coast could result in large - scale whale deaths or injuries , the International Whaling Commission said .
REUTERS / Russell Boyce
Powerful warship sonars could also cause widespread whale beachings , the commission ’s Scientific Committee said in a report released at this week ’s IWC meeting in Alaska .
The report , released as Japan leads a push to overturn a global moratorium on whaling , urged both Australian and U.S. military chiefs to take action to prevent the exercises causing “ injurious or lethal effects ” among whales .
More than 120 military aircraft , tanks and 30 warships , including nuclear - powered aircraft carriers and submarines will take part in the Talisman Sabre exercise .
Held every two years , the exercise will involve about 7,500 Australian soldiers and 20,000 U.S. marines and sailors in Queensland state .
Both countries should have a “ response team ” readied in case of mass whale beachings during the amphibious exercise , the committee report said .
Past studies have shown high intensity sonar can severely injure whales , causing internal bleeding and tissue damage .
When exposed to powerful sound pulses , some whales appear to swim to the nearest beach and become stranded , eventually dying unless saved through human intervention .
An Australian military spokesman said marine mammals , currently migrating north from the Antarctic to warmer Australian waters to breed , would need to be clear of the exercise area before ships would be allowed to operate sonar .
“ Marine mammal management procedures require ships to check for marine mammals in their vicinity , with safe - to - operate zones set dependent upon the type of equipment being used or activity being undertaken , ” he said .
“ Lookouts and warfare officers are trained to detect and report marine mammals at long visual ranges . ”
But environmental activists say the powerful undersea sonar pulses can travel many kilometers in the right conditions .
Defense officials earlier this month confirmed that submarines would enter the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park during the exercise , but promised the environment was in no danger .
“ It gives us an opportunity for both the Australian and U.S. military forces to practice what our profession is , ” Australian Defence Force Warfare Centre commander Brigadier David McKaskill told local newspapers .
Environmental and peace activists are planning demonstrations during the June 18 - 24 exercises with a “ Peace Convergence ” on the training area .
Situation vacant : town shooer required for small southern Californian harbour community .
Must be prepared to work all hours .
Should not be afraid of water or 800 - pound pinnipeds .
Newport harbour , just south of Los Angeles , has a problem .
A large problem .
A large , blubbery problem , with fetid breath , bad manners and a propensity to bark deep into the night .
Oh , and it likes to sink boats too .
Two weeks ago the Razzle Dazzle , a recently restored 1910 sailing boat , sank in Newport Harbour .
It had been boarded by 18 of the sea lions who have adopted the harbour as their home .
Unfortunately for Razzle Dazzle 's owner , Jerry Dunlap , their combined weight was too much for the antique boat .
" I was kind of dumbfounded , " said Dunlap .
" This is a major setback .
I 'm 63 , I do n't know if I feel like working another two years to get a boat to work . "
The sea lion invasion continues southern California 's recent spate of encounters with the wonderful world of nature .
The silly season , at least here , shows no sign of abating .
The Monster of Machado Lake - or Reggie the caiman , to give him his official name - is still at large in Harbor Park .
Alligator wrangler Jay Young - the man brought in from Colorado to catch the overgrown house - pet - told news agencies at the weekend that he had successfully wrangled Reggie and had carted him off to the LA zoo .
" He put up a good fight , " said Young , his alligator - tooth necklace glinting in the evening sun .
Except , he had n't .
In fact , Young was n't even in California at the time .
" To the best of my knowledge and all the reports I have received this morning , it was a hoax , " said Ron Berkowitz , of the LA parks department .
" There was no capture . "
Fortunately for Berkowitz , Young and , indeed , Reggie , California 's attention had been diverted a few miles south to the more visible threat posed by the marauding sea lions at Newport Harbor .
The sea lions appeared in May , and began doing all those cute sea lion things tourists love to see : basking in the sun , croaking in a general way at anything and nothing , and looking for food .
Unfortunately for the boat owners and residents , their chosen basking spot went from a flat spot near an anglers club to the decks of boats .
Swim stairs , rather than being a deterrent , have merely enabled the sea lions to board the boats .
Boat owners have placed chairs and other barriers on their decks to deter the beasts , but to little avail .
Two days before it was pushed to the bottom of the sea , Harbor Patrol deputies chased a sea lion from the Razzle Dazzle 's cabin .
" We 've done what we can , " said the Harbor Patrol 's Erin Giudice .
" Hopefully , we can educate people that these are not nice animals that look cute . "
It was time for drastic action .
Unfortunately , Newport Harbor authorities are limited in what they can do .
Following the near disappearance of sea lions from the Californian coast , Congress passed the 1972 Marine Mammal Protection Act , which forbade the killing or even the harassment of sea lions .
The measure was so successful that there are now an estimated 400,000 of them lolling off the west coast of the US .
Fortunately , other communities have faced the be-whiskered threat before and have come up with an array of interesting if ineffective measures to deter the interlopers .
Seattle introduced " Fake Willy " , a plastic whale plopped into Puget Sound to deter sea lions nine years ago .
But the sea lions were n't fooled .
Others have tried underwater fireworks and piped predator sounds , to little avail .
At a Harbor Commission meeting on Wednesday , one resident told how she scared the sea lions off by squirting them with a garden hose .
" These animals hate to get wet , " said Monica DeAngelis of the National Marine Fisheries Service .
" It 's kind of funny . "
The Commission voted to ask the city council to pass a law banning the feeding of sea lions .
" The more you feed wild animals , the more they want to hang around , " said Chris Miller , harbour resources supervisor .
And the idea of recruiting a sea lion shooer , to walk around banging a stick on the dock to disturb the beasts ?
It has been tried with some success in other places , but Newport 's residents decided it would be too costly and , like the sea lions themselves , too noisy .
Quines ( self - replicating programs )
Table of contents
What is a quine ?
What is this page ?
A “ quine ” ( or “ selfrep ” ) is a computer program which prints its own listing .
This may sound either impossible , or trivial , or completely uninteresting , depending on your temper and your knowledge of computer science .
Actually , it is possible , and there are some interesting ideas involved ( in particular , writing a quine is not a hack that only works because the programming language has certain nice properties — it is a consequence of the general so - called “ fixed - point ” theorem , itself an instance of Cantor 's ubiquitous diagonal argument ) .
Quines are so named after the American mathematician and logician Willard van Orman Quine ( 1908/06/25–2000/12/25 ) who introduced the concept .
This page is dedicated to his memory .
I also dedicate this page to Douglas R. Hofstadter , who coined the name ( in his justly famous book Gödel , Escher , Bach ) and who so clearly explained quines ' importance and their relation with Gödel 's incompleteness theorem .
Introduction
A quine is a program which prints its own listing .
This means that when the program is run , it must print out precisely those instructions which the programmer wrote as part of the program ( including , of course , the instructions that do the printing , and the data used in the printing ) .
The easiest way to do that , of course , is to seek the source file on the disk , open it , and print its contents .
That may be done , but it is considered cheating ; besides , the program might not know where the source file is , it may have access to only the compiled data , or the programming language may simply forbid that sort of operations .
The interesting thing is that writing a quine does not depend on any kind of hack such as being able to read a source file , or even being able to represent quotes in several different ways .
Any programming language which is Turing complete , and which is able to output any string ( by a computable function of the string as program — this is a technical condition that is satisfied in every programming language in existence ) has a quine program ( and , in fact , infinitely many quine programs , and many similar curiosities ) as follows by the fixed - point theorem .
Moreover , the fixed - point theorem is constructive , so the construction of the quine is merely a matter of patience , not guesswork ( or intelligence as some prefer to call it ;-) .
This is not to imply , of course , that actually writing a short or interesting quine may not demand a lot of cleverness .
Still , it says that there is nothing “ magical ” behind quines ; and also nothing says that they have to be obfuscated , difficult to read , or devoid of comments , as they often are .
A first attempt and example
We try writing a quine in C .
We choose C because it is widely known , and also because the printf ( ) function has features which will make writing a quine considerably easier ( this is a mixed blessing : it is a gain because it makes the quine smaller , but it also makes it sensibly more obscure and “ hackish ” ) .
We will want the quine to be correct C code , so it will probably have to begin something like this :
#include < stdio.h > int main ( void ) {
The first thing we want to do is print all what precedes .
Naïvely , we could write :
printf ( " #include < stdio.h >
int
main ( void )
{
" ) ;
Then we need to print this line itself :
printf ( " printf ( \ " #include < stdio .h > \
\
int \
main ( void ) \
{\
\ " ) ;
" ) ;
And so on .
It should be obvious that this is not going to work ( except if we intend to produce a quine of infinite length , which we do not ) .
This is the sort of reasoning which makes some people believe that quines do n't exist .
The problem is that we need to print something , so we use a character string ( say s ) to print it , and then we need to print s itself , so we use another character string , and so on …
But wait !
If we intend to print s , we do n't need another string : we can use s itself .
So let 's give it another try :
char * s= " #include < stdio .h >
int
main ( void )
{
" ; printf (s ) ; printf ( " char * s=\ " %s\ " ;
" , s ) ;
Well , it still does n't work .
But we have introduced one of the central ideas in quine - writing lore : whereas it is probably necessary to use some data to represent the code to be printed , on the other hand it is possible to reuse these data to print the data themselves .
Here we 're still a bit naïve : we 're using s “ as it stands ” , but that wo n't work because it contains some backslashes ; these would need to be further backslashified .
So we have two paths before us : the King 's way is to proceed with backslashification , which will work because this is a computable process .
However , since we are writing in C , we choose a shortcut which uses the nice properties of the printf function :
char * s1= " #include < stdio.h > % c%cint % cmain ( void ) % c{%c " ; char * s2 = " char * s1= % c%s % c ; %c char * s2= % c %s % c ; %c " ; char n= '
' , q= ' " ' ; printf ( s1 , n , n , n , n , n ) ; printf ( s2 , q, s1 , q , n , q, s2, q , n ) ;
This is a partial quine : it prints the beginning of its own listing ( something in no way remarkable , since any program which does n't print anything is a “ partial quine ” ) .
Here we have passed the “ catching up point ” , by this I mean that the program data printed includes the data representation itself .
It is then generally trivial to complete the quine ( here , things are still a bit tricky because we 've been doing things in a more or less ad hoc manner , and some of the data are actually hidden in the printf ( ) statements .
Nevertheless , it is not very difficult to finish :
#include < stdio.h > int main ( void ) { char * s1 = " #include < stdio.h > % c%cint % cmain ( void ) % c{%c " ; char * s2 = " char * s % c= % c%s %c ; %c char * s % c= % c%s % c ; %c " ; char * s3 = " char n= ' %cn ' , q= ' %c ' , b= ' % c % c ' ; %c " ; char * sp= " printf ( " ; char * s4= " % ss1, n , n , n , n, n ) ; %c " ; char * s5= " %ss2, '1 ' , q, s1 , q , n , '2 ' , q, s2, q , n ) ; %ss2, '3 ' , q, s3 , q , n , 'p ' , q , sp , q , n ) ; %c " ; char * s6= " %ss2, '4 ' , q, s4 , q , n , '5 ' , q,s5 , q , n ) ; %ss2, '6 ' , q, s6 , q , n , '7 ' , q, s7 , q , n ) ; %c " ; char * s7= " %ss2, '8 ' , q,s8 , q , n , '9 ' , q, s9 , q , n ) ; %ss2 , '0 ' , q, s0 , q , n , 'x ' , q , sx , q , n ) ; %c " ; char * s8= " %ss3, b , q , b , b, n ) ; %ss4, sp , n ) ; %ss5, sp, sp , n ) ; %c " ; char * s9= " %ss6,sp, sp, n ) ; %ss7, sp, sp, n ) ; %ss8, sp , sp, sp , n ) ; %c " ; char * s0 = " % ss9 , sp , sp , sp , n ) ; %ss0 , sp , sp , n , n , n ) ; %c return 0 ; % c}%c " ; char * sx = " ---
This is an intron .
--- " ; char n= '
' , q= ' " ' , b='\\ ' ; printf ( s1 , n , n , n , n , n ) ; printf ( s2, '1 ' , q, s1 , q , n , '2 ' , q, s2 , q , n ) ; printf ( s2, '3 ' , q, s3 , q , n , 'p ' , q , sp , q , n ) ; printf ( s2, '4 ' , q, s4 , q , n , '5 ' , q, s5 , q , n ) ; printf ( s2, '6 ' , q, s6 , q , n , '7 ' , q, s7 , q , n ) ; printf ( s2, '8 ' , q,s8 , q , n , '9 ' , q, s9 , q , n ) ; printf ( s2 , '0 ' , q, s0 , q , n , 'x ' , q , sx , q , n ) ; printf ( s3 , b , q , b , b , n ) ; printf ( s4, sp , n ) ; printf ( s5 , sp , sp , n ) ; printf ( s6 , sp , sp , n ) ; printf ( s7 , sp , sp , n ) ; printf ( s8 , sp , sp , sp , n ) ; printf ( s9 , sp , sp , sp , n ) ; printf ( s0 , sp , sp , n , n , n ) ; return 0 ; }
Here we have a real quine ( if you find it obscure , do not worry , much clearer examples will be given further below ) .
Note the use of the s2 string to print several lines modeled on the same pattern .
Also note how the backslash required no special treatment .
And note the sx string which goes to show that the classical belief that everything in a quine must be doubled , is false ( the meaning of the term “ intron ” , which comes from molecular biology , will be made clearer below ) .
This quine is intermediate in elegance : on the one hand it does not assume that the computer is using an ASCII character set ( you see a lot of C quines which use the fact that double quotes have ASCII code 34 and that line feed has code 10 ) , it is valid ANSI C ( with a warning , however , to the fact that I should have written “ const char * ” rather than just “ char * ” ; this is much better than many quines which omit the return 0 at the end or similar things ) , and the longest lines are just 80 characters ( often quines have terribly long lines ) .
On the other hand , the formatting is inelegant : do n't conclude from the above example that quines need be so badly presented .
Also , nothing says you can't have comments within quines .
We will give much more elegant examples later .
Principles for writing a quine
The basic idea is this :
It is impossible ( in most programming languages ) for a program to manipulate itself ( i.e. its textual representation — or a representation from which its textual representation can be easily derived ) directly .
So to make this possible anyway , we write the build the program from two parts , one which call the code and one which we call the data .
The data represents ( the textual form of ) the code , and it is derived in an algorithmic way from it ( mostly , by putting quotation marks around it , but sometimes in a slightly more complicated way ) .
The code uses the data to print the code ( which is easy because the data represents the code ) ; then it uses the data to print the data ( which is possible because the data is obtained by an algorithmic transformation from the code ) .
This idea is summarized by the sentence “ quine ‘ quine ’ ” .
Here , the verb to quine ( invented by Douglas R. Hofstadter ) means “ to write ( a sentence fragment ) a first time , and then to write it a second time , but with quotation marks around it ” ( for example , if we quine “ say ” , we get “ say ‘ say ’ ” ) .
Thus , if we quine “ quine ” , we get “ quine ‘ quine ’ ” , so that the sentence “ quine ‘ quine ’ ” is a quine …
In this linguistic analogy , the verb “ to quine ” , plays the role of the code , and “ quine ” in quotation marks plays the role of the data .
We will henceforth use the words “ code ” and “ data ” a lot , to designate the code and data parts of the quine as just explained .
If we are to take an analogy with cellular biology ( thanks to Douglas Hofstadter again ) , what I have called the “ code ” would be the cell , and the “ data ” would be the cell 's DNA : the cell is able to create a new cell using the DNA , and this involves , among other things , replicating the DNA itself .
So the DNA ( the data ) contains all the necessary information for the replication , but without the cell ( the code ) , or at least some other code to make the data live , it is a useless , inert , piece of data .
Note how the data may contain ( depending on how it 's interpreted ) bits that are n't used to write the code , but are still copied when the data is written on the output .
Such bits are called introns , in analogy with the parts of the genome which are n't used to produce proteins .
The example we gave above had an intro ( the string sx ) , clearly marked as such .
Quite obviously an intron can be modified with great ease ; it is a kind of subliminal information that is reproduced with the quine , although it is not necessary to the quine .
The possible existence of introns will be the key feature making multi-quines ( something we will talk about later ) possible .
One word of warning : this code / data distinction in quines is pleasant and often helpful .
It is not , however , completely valid in all circumstances .
Sometimes the code and the data are not well distinguised , sometimes part of the code plays a data role , or vice versa .
Some quines are far beyond my own modest understanding — and beyond my feeble attempts at classification and order .
As in all things , caveat emptor .
See this remark later in the text , however .
A second example : added clarity
We now use the principles outlined above to construct anoter quine , one which will be more elegant in its formating ( but a bit less portable because we will assume an ASCII coding of characters ) .
This time , we gather all the data in one place , one array containing the ASCII values of the characters making up the code , and we place this array at the beginning of the program .
The code will use the array to first print the array ( by printing it as a list of hexadecimal integers with a proper formatting ) and then print the code ( by converting the ASCII values to characters ) .
This is completely straightforward , and while this quine is far from the shortest , I think it is the clearest I have ever seen :
/* See comments below */ const unsigned char data [ ] = { /* 000000 */ 0x2f , 0x2a , 0x20 , 0x54 , 0x68 , 0x69 , 0x73 , 0x20 , /* 0x0008 */ 0x69 , 0x73 , 0x20 , 0x61 , 0x20 , 0x73 , 0x65 , 0x6c , /* 0x0010 */ 0x66 , 0x72 , 0x65 , 0x70 , 0x20 , 0x28 , 0x71 , 0x75 , /* 0x0018 */ 0x69 , 0x6e , 0x65 , 0x29 , 0x20 , 0x70 , 0x72 , 0x6f , /* Several lines snipped .
See the original file for a complete listing .
*/ /* 0x02c0 */ 0x20 , 0x28 , 0x64 , 0x61 , 0x74 , 0x61 , 0x5b , 0x69 , /* 0x02c8 */ 0x5d , 0x29 , 0x3b , 0x0a , 0x20 , 0x20 , 0x72 , 0x65 , /* 0x02d0 */ 0x74 , 0x75 , 0x72 , 0x6e , 0x20 , 0x30 , 0x3b , 0x0a , /* 0x02d8 */ 0x7d , 0x0a , } ; /*
This is a selfrep ( quine ) program .
It uses the above data ( which * is no other than the ASCII representation of everything starting * from this comment ) to print its own listing .
*/ #include < stdio.h > int main ( void ) /*
The main program .
We output the data in the format used at * the top of this file , and then we use it to generate the rest * of this file .
*/ { unsigned int i ; printf ( " /*
See comments below */
" ) ; printf ( " const unsigned char data [ ] = { " ) ; for ( i=0 ; i< sizeof ( data ) ; i++ ) { if ( i%8 == 0 ) printf ( "
/* %0#6 x */ " , i ) ; printf ( " % 0 # 4 x , " , data [ i ] ) ; } printf ( "
} ;
" ) ; for ( i=0 ; i< sizeof ( data ) ; i++ ) putchar ( data [ i ] ) ; return 0 ; }
This should make it obvious that there is nothing difficult at all in writing quines .
In fact this is the sort of quines we obtain by directly applying the fixed - point theorem .
As mentioned , the code contains two parts : that which copies the data ( the nine lines following the blank one in the main ( ) function ) and that which uses the data to copy the code ( the next two lines ) .
Naturally , the coding of the data might be much more complex than a straightforward ASCII encoding .
We will return to that subject .
Also note that here there are no introns , because ASCII does not permit this ( there are no comments or any such things ) .
However , we could trivially add an intron : create a new array , const unsigned char intron [ ] , say , put whatever data we want in it , and use the same printing routines for intron [ ] as we did for data [ ] ( of course , we need to modify the code , hence the data also , to do this , but once it is done , we can put anything in the intron without modifying anything ) .
Another point is to be noted : in what precedes I have omitted a great many lines from the data .
Had I not given a pointer to the original file , could you have reconstructed the data ?
Evidently , yes , and without much difficulty : just take the code , take the ASCII value of each character , and tabulate them .
This violates the so - called Central Dogma , stating that the data must be used ( by the code ) to deduce ( i.e. to print ) the code , but not the converse .
In practice , though , there is nothing wrong with violating the Central Dogma , in fact , you can guess that I wrote the program by first writing the quote and then calculating the data ; however , introns cannot be reconstructed in that way ( since the very point about introns is that all possible data will work ) .
What if a part of the code had been missing ?
Then things are much better off .
For example , if the comments had been gobbled , running the program itself would have restored them ( from their value encoded in the data ) .
Even without any code at all , you would probably have guessed that the data was the ASCII representation of something and been able to restore the something in question .
But see the section on bootstrapping for more about this .
The fixed - point theorem
I have mentioned the fixed - point theorem and stated that it is at the heart of the existence of quines .
I will now explain what this theorem states .
( Note that this is just one of very many fixed - point theorems abounding in mathematics .
This has nothing to do , for example , with Brouwer 's fixed - point theorem .
I do n't know that any specific name is attached to this one , but I suspect it would be something like Kleene 's fixed - point theorem . )
I assume no familiarity with the theory of computability .
However , it will help : if you are not familiar with it , what I am going to say may sound a bit vague ( but read it anyway , because you probably will grasp the idea even if the details are obscure ) .
Before I can state ( and prove ) the fixed - point theorem , I will recall some basic notions :
A computable ( or “ general recursive ” ) function ( of several integer variables , and with integer values ) is one which is calculated by some program ( i.e. some Turing machine operating on the variables as input , i.e. some algorithm , by whatever definition you want to take of the word “ algorithm ” since by the Church - Turing thesis they 're all equivalent ) .
By a partial function we mean one which is not necessarily defined on all possible values of the input variables .
By a total function we mean one which is .
( or “ general recursive ” ) function ( of several integer variables , and with integer values ) is one which is calculated by some program ( i.e. some Turing machine operating on the variables as input , i.e. some algorithm , by whatever definition you want to take of the word “ algorithm ” since by the Church - Turing thesis they 're all equivalent ) .
By a partial function we mean one which is not necessarily defined on all possible values of the input variables .
By a total function we mean one which is .
We need a standard numbering of programs .
This also depends on the model of computability chosen , but imagine , say , associating with a program the value obtained by considering the program as the binary representation of some integer .
We write φ n ( … ) for the result of the n - th program when fed the input represented by the ellipsis .
In particular , any computable function is equal to φ n for some n .
We will not distinguish a program from its associated number .
(… ) for the result of the - th program when fed the input represented by the ellipsis .
In particular , any computable function is equal to φ for some .
We will not distinguish a program from its associated number .
The universality theorem states that the ( partial ) function φ n , considered as a function of n plus its other values , is itself computable .
In other words , there is a u ( a universal Turing machine if you want , or , in simpler terms , an interpreter ) such that φ u ( n … ) =φ n ( … ) .
So , effectively , this means that you can construct a program u that will take a program n and some arguments , and return the value of n applied to the arguments in question .
This means that u is an interpreter , which takes a program and interprets it , so the universality theorem merely states the existence of an interpreter ( of the programming language considered , written in the programming language considered ) .
The universality theorem is a consequence of the Church - Turing thesis , i.e. our belief that we have grasped all notions of computability .
states that the ( partial ) function φ , considered as a function of plus its other values , is itself computable .
In other words , there is a ( a universal Turing machine if you want , or , in simpler terms , an interpreter ) such that φ ( … ) =φ ( … ) .
So , effectively , this means that you can construct a program that will take a program and some arguments , and return the value of applied to the arguments in question .
This means that is an interpreter , which takes a program and interprets it , so the universality theorem merely states the existence of an interpreter ( of the programming language considered , written in the programming language considered ) .
The universality theorem is a consequence of the Church - Turing thesis , i.e. our belief that we have grasped all notions of computability .
The s-m -n theorem is essentially the converse of the universality theorem .
It states that if g ( … ) =φ n ( … ) is computable then for any x the function g ( x … ) =φ n ( x … ) ( obtained by fixing the value of one of the input parameters and letting the remaining vary ) is computable and is obtained in a computable way from n .
That is , there exists a ( computable , total , and in fact primitive recursive ) function s such that φ s( n , x ) ( … ) =φ n ( x … ) .
This is really a triviality if the numbering is done right ( in fact , it is almost a definition of the fact that the numbering is done right ) : it states that if you have a program n taking some input , you can ( for every x ) construct a program s( n , x ) that will act as n except that it takes x as input ; moreover , this other program is derived algorithmically from the first .
So , in effect , you can substitute a value for an input in a program .
Using the s-m-n theorem and the universality theorem we can prove the fixed - point theorem .
This states that for any computable total function h there exists an index ( a program ) n such that φ n ( … ) =φ h ( n ) ( … ) .
In plain English , this means that if you have any algorithmic transformation h on programs then there exists a program n such that the program n does the same thing as the program n resulting of the transformation .
We will explain this with further examples in a second , but first we prove the statement .
For a given program t , we consider the program s( t , t ) ( given by the s - m - n theorem ) .
Essentially , s( t , t ) performs what t does when it is fed itself as input .
We further consider the program h ( s ( t , t ) ) which results from the tranformation h applied to s( t , t ) .
Now by the universality theorem , there exists an index m such that φ m ( t … ) =φ h ( s ( t , t ) ) ( … ) .
In other words , there is a program m which takes a program t as input , and performs what the program h ( s ( t , t ) ) does .
Then I claim that the program n =s ( m , m ) is the desired fixed point .
Indeed , φ n ( … ) =φ s( m , m ) ( … ) .
But by definition of s , this is φ m ( m… ) , which in turn , by definition of m , is φ h ( s( m , m ) ) ( … ) =φ h( n ) ( … ) , quod erat demonstrandum .
To summarize the proof , we have taken the program m which , given a program t , interprets the program resulting of applying the given transformation h to t acting on itself , and we have applied that program to itself .
How does the fixed - point theorem prove the existence of quines ?
This is very simple : for a given program t , consider the program h ( t ) that prints the listing of t .
Obviously this h is computable .
Now the fixed - point theorem tells us that there is a program n such that h ( n ) and n do the same thing , i.e. printing the listing of n .
So n prints the listing of n .
In practice , how do we construct n ?
Well , the proof of the fixed - point theorem answers this question as well .
Since the proof used the universality theorem , it may seem like we need to construct an interpreter to apply the theorem .
In fact , we need not : indeed , if you look closely at the proof , you will see that we used the universality theorem only for programs of the form h ( … ) , so that we need only construct an interpreter for those programs ; for our particular choice of h , this is trivial .
So consider a program t , taking an argument .
We will assume that this argument is given as a variable data to be linked with the program .
Then s( t , t ) is the program obtained by setting this variable data to the textual value of the program ( as a string , say , or as whatever coding we have chosen ) .
Our program m takes an argument t ( in the form of the data variable ) and performs what h ( s ( t , t ) ) does , i.e. it prints the listing of s( t , t ) , which is none other than the listing of t with a definition of the variable data to be the text of t .
And finally for our program n we take s( m , m ) , that is , we take this program m and link the variable data to be the text of the program .
Quite evidently , this is precisely what we have been doing .
The fixed - point theorem has other amusing applications .
Essentially , its intuitive ( and effective ) content is that a program may use its own source as a variable , i.e. adding to a programming language the ability for a program to manipulate itself ( its source code ) does not add to its expressive power .
So there exists a program that compresses its own listing ; there exists one which prints its own MD5 checksum ( this is much easier than finding a program — indeed any file — that contains its MD5 checksum ; still , someone I know thought it was impossible except by brute force — how rude — so I wrote such a program and won a bet like that ) ; there exists a program that prints a second , different , program , that prints the first one again ( here , h ( t ) would merely be a program that prints a lot of print calls for the various lines of t 's listing ) ; and so on .
( A passing note , which you may find a bit difficult to understand if you 're not used to computability theory . )
A different , perhaps more satisfactory , way of stating the fixed - point theorem would be to eliminate the universality theorem from it , and to say : for every computable function k there exists a n such that φ n ( … ) = k ( n… ) .
This corresponds more precisely to the intuitive content we have described .
It is proved without the use of the universality theorem , using only the s-m -n theorem ( for the actual proof , take the proof we have just given , and replace φ h ( x ) ( … ) by k ( x … ) everywhere ) .
The advantage of formulating things like this is we see that it also works for primitive recursive functions ( which satisfy s- m -n but not universality ) , so in effect a primitive recursive function can also make use of its own number .
By applying the universality theorem ( the function φ h ( x ) ( … ) is computable , so we can call it k ( x … ) ) we recover the fixed - point theorem as we have stated it .
The examples we have given of the fixed - point theorem actually use the more restrictive ( non-universal ) we have just stated .
The following examples will use universality ( and do n't work for primitive recursive functions , which is clear because primitive recursive functions always terminate ) .
There also exists a program that interprets its own listing : we will return to this .
Also , if we take for h the function which to a program x associates the program which calculates what x does , and , at the end ( provided x terminates , of course ) adds 1 , we would have a program x which does the same thing as running x and adding 1 to the result , and that is only possible if x does not terminate , so that the fixed - point theorem also proves the existence of an endless loop .
Exercice : Louis Reasoner believes that the fixed - point theorem proves the existence of polyglot programs ( i.e. programs that are valid and do the same thing in several different programming languages ) .
His argument is this : for a given program t ( in a first programming language ) consider a translation of t in a second programming language , and interpret this program literally in the first language , giving h ( t ) .
By the fixed - point theorem , there exists n such that h ( n ) and n have the same effect , i.e. the text of the program h ( n ) has the same effect in the first language ( that is h ( n ) ) and in the second ( that is n ) .
What do you think of this argument ?
Answer to the exercice ( in rot13 ) : Ybhvf vf rffragvnyyl pbeerpg , ohg gurer vf abguvat cebsbhaq urer .
Gurer vf n uvqqra nffhzcgvba , anzryl gung gur frpbaq ynathntr vf noyr gb vagrecerg nal cebtenz gung vg vf srq : gurer vf ab jnl gb erfgevpg gb inyvq cebtenzf ( naq pregnvayl vs gur svefg ynathntr npprcgf bayl cebtenzf ortvaavat jvgu na N naq gur frpbaq ynathntr bayl cebtenzf ortvaavat jvgu n O , jr jbhyq unir n uneq gvzr svaqvat n cbyltybg ) .
Abgvpr gung gur frpbaq ynathntr qbrfa'g rira unir gb or Ghevat - pbzcyrgr .
Fhowrpg gb gur vagrecergngvba tvira nobir bs gur svkrq - cbvag gurberz , jung Ybhvf ' nethzrag nzbhagf gb vf guvf : gur cebtenz ( jevggra va gur svefg ynathntr ) jvyy eha na vagrecergre bs gur frpbaq ynathntr ba vgf bja fbhepr pbqr ( fbzrguvat jr pna qb gunaxf gb gur svkrq - cbvag gurberz ) ; abj rivqragyl fhpu n cebtenz qbrf gur fnzr guvat va obgu ynathntrf , anzryl vagrecerg gur fbhepr pbqr va gur frpbaq ynathntr .
Guvf vf abg irel hfrshy sbe pbafgehpgvat n P / Crey cbyltybg sbe rknzcyr !
The fixed - point theorem gives a different point of view on quines from the one we have given so far .
The ideas we have already expressed , notably the code / data dichotomy , are perhaps not very clearly apparent .
Still , they are present : we should consider the s function from the s-m -n theorem as a mean of adding data to a program ( which would otherwise receive this data as an input ) , so the expression s( m , m ) which we have seen says , in effect , add to the program m ( the code ) a representation of the program m itself ( the data ) .
Introns can exist because the function s is free to add extra data to the data required of it , if it wants .
Multi-quines : making use of introns
We start by saying what a bi-quine ( or more generally a multi- quine ) is .
To begin , here is what it is not : a bi-quine is not a program which prints a second program , which in turn prints the first again ( actually , it is that , but things are a bit more subtle ) .
This is too easy to do ( we have proved the existence of such using the fixed - point theorem ) : one program is almost a quine , and the other is merely a sequence of calls to print the code of the other one .
A multi-quine is also not a polyglot quine ( a quine that can be read , and is a quine , in several different languages ) .
True , polyglot quines actually are multi-quines if you think well about it ( the converse is not true ) , but polyglot quines do n't exist for every combination of programming languages ( although it is true that some people have been incredibly smart at constructing them ) whereas multi-quines do — polyglot quines are a hack whereas multi-quines are a general phenomenon .
A bi-quine is a very interesting kind of program : when run normally , it is a quine .
But if it called with a particular command line argument , it will print a different program , its “ brother ” .
Its brother is also a quine , but in a different programming language , so its brother prints its own listing when run normally .
But when run with a particular command line argument , the brother prints the listing of the original program .
So in effect , a bi-quine is a set of two programs each of which is able to print either of the two .
More generally , a multi-quine is a set of r different programs ( in r different languages — without this condition we could take them all equal to a single quine ) , each of which is able to print any of the r programs ( including itself ) according to the command line argument it is passed .
( Note that cheating is not allowed : the command line arguments must not be too long — passing the full text of a program is considered cheating ;-) .
There are several ways to prove the existence of multi-quines using fixed - point theorems .
Here is one ( we leave it to the reader to fill in the missing details ) .
We just consider the case of a bi-quine , i.e. r = 2 .
We consider , in language 1 , a program of two parameters that will normally print the first , but that will print the second if a special argument is passed to it .
By the fixed - point theorem , we can assume that the first text is its own listing , so that we get a program of one parameter that will print its own listing except that it will print the parameter if called with a special argument .
Do the same for language 2 .
We now have two programs .
Substitute one in the other : there is a program , of one parameter , in language 1 , that will print its own listing , except when it is called with a special argument , in which case it will print a program , in language 2 , which prints its own listing except when it is called with a special argument , in which case it will print the initial parameter ( passed to the first program ) .
Finally , apply the fixed - point theorem to that .
Voilà , we have the bi-quine .
So , to create multi-quines , we make use of introns ( following , essentially , the proof given just above ) .
We have r programs , so r code sets ( one in each language ) ; besides , each of the r programs has , in addition to its code set , r data sets , one representing each of the r code sets ( so r - 1 of the data sets are introns as far as the quine structure goes ) in a given coding ( in principle it would be possible for each of the r 2 data sets to use a different coding , but there is no reason to use a different coding for various data sets in the same program , and even between programs it is reasonable to use more or less similar codings , at least insofar as the programming languages allow this ) .
When program i ( running code set i in language i ) is asked to produce the listing of program j , it will use its j - th data set to produce the j - th code set , and then it will use all of its r data sets to produce the r data sets of program j ( coded in the same or in a similar way ) .
In practice , we write a quine program similar , say , to the second example we have given on this page , to which we add an intron .
Using this intron , the quine is able , when passed a particular parameter , to produce a representation ( valid in the second programming language ) of the two data sets ( the actual data of the quine and the intron ) followed by some data specified by the intron .
Then we do the same in the other programming language , with the data representation we have elected to produce ( and the second program , when passed the special argument , must produce data representation as we have used in the first program ) .
Finally , we synchronize the introns : we use the intron of the first program to represent the code of the second program and the intron of the second to represent the code of the first .
( Remember , the nice thing about introns is that we can change them after the quine has been written , without removing its quinishness . )
If you would feel more comfortable with an example , I have written a C / Perl bi-quine .
( For fun , I only give out the C version : if you want the Perl version you will have to run the program with the magic word as argument . )
In the C version , c_data is the main data set and perl_data is an intron ; in the Perl version , of course , things are reversed .
( The coding is not quite the same , also , although both are hexadecimal . )
Bootstrapping : recovering the code from the data
As we have already explained and illustrated , a quine is basically a bunch of data , plus an active part , the code , which reads the data twice : once to reproduce the data , and once to reproduce the code ; the data represents the code , and the code interprets that representation and recovers the code .
There are two parts in the code : that which uses the data to copy the data and that which uses the data to copy the code .
Now what if we are given only the data part of the quine ?
In the analogy I have given with cellular biology , this is the equivalent of having the DNA ( the genome is what I have been calling the “ data ” … ugh ) and wanting to reconstruct a cell .
Well , it is a matter of how difficult the coding ( another word to beware ) is .
If I give you the following quine fragment ( the data part ) :
const char data [ ] = " #include < stdio .h >
int
main ( void )
{
unsigned int i ;
p " " rintf ( \" const char data [ ] =\ " ) ;
for ( i=0 ; data [ i ] ; i+ + " " )
{
if ( i%60 == 0 )
\tprintf ( \ " \
\\\ " \ " ) ;
switc " " h ( data [ i ] )
\t {
\tcase ' \\\\ ' :
\tcase '\ " ' :
\t printf ( \" \\\\ %c\ " , d " " ata [ i ] ) ;
\t break ;
\tcase '\
':
\t printf ( \ " \\ \
\ " ) ;
\t break ;
" " \tcase ' \\t ' :
\t printf ( \" \\\\t\ " ) ;
\t break ;
\tdefault :
\t printf " " ( \ " %c\ " , data [ i ] ) ;
\t}
if ( i%60 == 59 || !data [ i+1 ] )
\t " " printf ( \ " \\\ " \ " ) ;
}
printf ( \ " ; \
\
\ " ) ;
for ( i=0 ; data [ " " i ] ; i++ )
putchar ( data [ i ] ) ;
return 0 ;
}
" ;
you probably wo n't have much trouble recovering the complete quine .
This is because the representation chosen here is completely trivial .
We can proceed as follows : just run the tiny instruction printf ( " %s " , data ) ; on the above data and you get the code ; put the code and the data together , and you get a first program which is almost the quine ( it may differ in inessential factors , for example if you put the data after the code rather than before ) ; but this program will produce the original quine when run .
This process is called bootstrapping , and it is similar to the process of bootstrapping , say , a C compiler ( you start with an initial C compiler , which may be much simpler , much less featureful , or much less efficient , than the C compiler you want to build , and you run it on the sources of the desired C compiler , giving a first binary C compiler , which you use a second time to recompile its own sources ) .
The possibility of bootstrapping means that to some extent quines are self - healing : if the code is damaged but still able to use the data to recover the original code , bootstrapping can be performed .
However , nothing says a quine must use a simple coding like ASCII .
I have written a quine that stores , in its data , a compressed ( gzipped ) representation of the code .
This means that whereas the code that uses the data to produce the data is trivial ( it is the same as that used in our previous example ) , on the other hand the code that uses the data to produce the code is much more involved , because it must actually uncompress the data .
( The gzip format is very strange and very unpleasant to uncompress .
I have written a set of routines to decode it , which are included in the quine of course , and which I put in the public domain if they can be useful to anyone . )
Here , the gzip program ( plus a bit of interpreting the data as binary ) could serve to bootstrap .
Similarly , if I give you the following piece of data :
const char data [ ] = " #vapyhqr < fgqvb.u >
vag
znva ( ibvq )
{
hafvtarq vag v ;
c " " evags ( \" pbafg pune qngn [ ] =\ " ) ;
sbe ( v=0 ; qngn[ v ] ; v++ " " )
{
vs ( v%60 == 0 )
\tcevags ( \" \\a\\\ " \ " ) ;
fjvgp " " u ( qngn[v ] )
\t {
\tpnfr ' \\\\ ' :
\tpnfr '\ " ' :
\t cevags ( \" \\\\ % p\ " , q " " ngn[ v ] ) ;
\t oernx ;
\tpnfr ' \\a ' :
\t cevags ( \" \\\\a\ " ) ;
\t oernx ;
" " \tpnfr ' \\g ' :
\t cevags ( \" \\\\g\ " ) ;
\t oernx ;
\tqrsnhyg :
\t cevags " " ( \ " % p\ " , qngn [ v ] ) ;
\t}
vs ( v%60 == 59 || ! qngn [ v+1 ] )
\t " " cevags ( \ " \\\ " \ " ) ;
}
cevags ( \ " ; \\a\\a\ " ) ;
sbe ( v=0 ; qngn [ " " v ] ; v++ )
{
vs ( ( qngn[ v ] >= ' N ' && qngn [ v ] < ' A " " ' )
\t || ( qngn[ v ] >= ' n ' && qngn [ v ] < ' a ' ) )
\tchgpune ( q " " ngn [ v ] + 13 ) ;
ryfr vs ( ( qngn[ v ] >= ' A ' && qngn[v ] < = " " ' M ' )
\ t\t|| ( qngn[ v ] >= ' a ' && qngn[ v ] <= 'm ' ) )
\tchgpune " " ( qngn[ v ] - 13 ) ;
ryfr
\tchgpune ( qngn[v ] ) ;
}
erghe " " a 0 ;
}
" ;
you will have no trouble recovering the original program if you have a little bit of geek culture , but you probably get my point anyway .
In fact , let us take an extreme example : I have written a quine that stores its code enciphered with the blowfish cryptographic algorithm ( by Bruce Schneier ) in its data .
Of course , the key is part of the code ( without the key , the data is useless ) .
Moreover , I have added an intron to the program , which is encrypted with the same key .
When the program is run with the magic word as argument , it deciphers ( and prints ) the intron rather than printing its own listing .
This has an amusing consequence : if the key is removed from the listing , then practically nothing is missing from the code , and yet it is impossible to bootstrap ; even though we have most of the plain code , the complete ciphered data and secret , we can't do much with it because all is locked by a key ( and blowfish is not known to be vulnerable to a known - plaintext attack ) .
In fact , the situation is even more ironic than that since the key is present in the crypted data : we are , essentially , in the situation of someone locked outside his home with the key inside .
( Note that in writing this quine I have implemented the blowfish encryption and decryption algorithm — in fact , the quine contains the full functions , far more than are necessary for what it does .
I put these functions in the public domain : you can find them here without the quine part .
Be careful : although I am using this just for fun , this is nevertheless strong crypto .
So be careful about your local crypto laws . )
A point might be made here about the distinction between code and data : here I claim that the key is part of the code and not the data .
The difference is not so much in how the key is used as in how it is stored .
In fact , if the key is in the code ( as in my quine ) the program 's skeleton is basically this :
/* See comments below */ const unsigned char data [ ] = { /*
Lots of encrypted data corresponding to everything starting * from the next comment .
*/ } ; /* Code starts here */ /*
Decryption routines omitted . */ const char key [ ] = " Foobar " ; int main ( void ) { printf ( " /* See comments below */
" ) ; printf ( " const unsigned char data [ ] = {
" ) ; pretty_hexadecimal_printout ( data ) ; printf ( " } ;
" ) ; decipher ( key , data ) ; return 0 ; }
and as explained , if the key is removed , it is “ locked inside the house ” .
However , if we had some magical way of deciphering blowfish , we could recover the key ( even if our magical method did not let us do this a priori ) because it is part of the code , so it is stored among the encrypted data .
On the other hand , if the key is data , the program looks like this :
/* See comments below */ const char key [ ] = " Foobar " ; const unsigned char data [ ] = { /*
Lots of encrypted data corresponding to everything starting * from the next comment .
*/ } ; /* Code starts here */ /*
Decryption routines omitted .
*/ int main ( void ) { printf ( " /* See comments below */
" ) ; printf ( " const char key [ ] = \ " %s\ " ;
" , key ) ; printf ( " const unsigned char data [ ] = {
" ) ; pretty_hexadecimal_printout ( data ) ; printf ( " } ;
" ) ; decipher ( key , data ) ; return 0 ; }
This may not appear very different , but it is .
This time , there is n't a copy of the key “ inside the house ” .
The key is part of the data , it is the only part of the data that is stored in clear .
I think there is something to this idea of distinguishing the “ code ” and “ data ” parts of a quine not by what they are used for but how they are printed .
While it is true that some parts of the code can be recovered by a bootstrapping process , on the other hand , the data can never be recovered in that way .
Any part of a quine which , if it is modified , does not change the program output ( meaning that the program output is still the original quine ) , is not data , it is code .
( This applies , for example , to the comments inside the data section of the program . )
( Well , all right , I guess there is room for discussion . )
However , the data contains parts of a different nature : when they are modified , the output produced by the program is modified , but it remains a quine .
Those are the introns we have already much talked about .
In a way , introns represent the exact opposite of the principle of bootstrapping : in the case of bootstrapping , we hope that after a certain number of iterations we will hit the original program again ; but if we modify an intron , the program remains a quine , so it will not “ heal ” itself , it will just remain in its modified form .
Recapitulation
I have been introducing a great many names and concepts .
I will summarize them here .
A quine ( or selfrep ) is a program that prints its own listing .
( or ) is a program that prints its own listing .
A multi-quine is a collection of several quines , each one of which is able to print either its own listing or any of the other ones .
is a collection of several quines , each one of which is able to print either its own listing or any of the other ones .
The code section of a quine is that which uses the data to print the program ; it is printed by interpreting the data section ( which may imply unlocking it with a key or some complicated operation of the sort ) .
section of a quine is that which uses the data to print the program ; it is printed by interpreting the data section ( which may imply unlocking it with a key or some complicated operation of the sort ) .
The data section of a quine is that which represents the code section .
It is derived from the textual form of the code , and the code 's role is to perform this operation backward ; the data is printed by reading the data and representing it in a more or less trivial fashion ( for example , tabulating it in hexadecimal ) .
section of a quine is that which represents the code section .
It is derived from the textual form of the code , and the code 's role is to perform this operation backward ; the data is printed by reading the data and representing it in a more or less trivial fashion ( for example , tabulating it in hexadecimal ) .
An intron is a part of the data section of a quine which can be modified in such a way that the program remain a quine ( in other words : it is modified and the output produced by the program changes so as to follow the data modification ) .
is a part of the data section of a quine which can be modified in such a way that the program remain a quine ( in other words : it is modified and the output produced by the program changes so as to follow the data modification ) .
Irrelevant code is a part of the quine 's code section which can be modified ( or removed ) so that the program still produces the same output ( ergo the original quine ) .
In other words , bootstrapping the quine will heal the irrelevant code .
is a part of the quine 's code section which can be modified ( or removed ) so that the program still produces the same output ( the original quine ) .
In other words , bootstrapping the quine will heal the irrelevant code .
Key code is a part of the quine 's code section which cannot be modified at all ( if it is modified , the program either is not correct , or does not function , or produces gibberish ; this is in contrast with an intron which if modified does not make the quine any less quinish , or irrelevant code which if modified still produces the same program ) .
is a part of the quine 's code section which cannot be modified at all ( if it is modified , the program either is not correct , or does not function , or produces gibberish ; this is in contrast with an intron which if modified does not make the quine any less quinish , or irrelevant code which if modified still produces the same program ) .
Bootstrapping is the operation of running one or more times a modified version of a quine to recover the original quine .
For example , a quine can be boostrapped from the knowledge of its data section and of some code that will perform the function of the key code .
This is a “ healing ” process that will recover the irrelevant code .
There are analogies with compilers ( or interpreters ) of course .
An intron within a compiler would be something that cannot be bootstrapped , essentially because the compiler ( or interpreter ) merely copies the behavior of the underlying system ( compiler ) to itself .
This is what Ken Thompson explains ( he gives the example of \v in C ) in his Turing Award speech quoted in the links section below .
Irrelevant code differences are differences between two compilers which perform the same task ( i.e. output the same binaries ) but in a different way ( their binaries are different ) , for example the same compiler compiled with two different compilers ; then we can do a bootstrapping , i.e. recompile the compiler and obtain the “ fixed - point ” version .
Self - interpretation : using data as code
In this section I must give my examples in Scheme rather than in C because Scheme permits the manipulation of programs ( meta - expressions ) as data ( symbolic expressions ) .
Consider the two following elegant Scheme quine programs .
First this one :
( define ( line - write x ) ( write x ) ( newline ) ) ( define ( d l ) ( map line - write l ) ) ( define ( mid ) ( display " ( do ' ( " ) ( newline ) ) ( define ( end ) ( display " ) ) " ) ( newline ) ) ( define ( do l ) ( d l ) ( mid ) ( d l ) ( end ) ) ( do '( ( define ( line - write x ) ( write x ) ( newline ) ) ( define ( d l ) ( map line - write l ) ) ( define ( mid ) ( display " ( do ' ( " ) ( newline ) ) ( define ( end ) ( display " ) ) " ) ( newline ) ) ( define ( do l ) ( d l ) ( mid ) ( d l ) ( end ) ) ) )
and second this one
( define x '( ( display " ( define x '( " ) ( newline ) ( map ( lambda ( s ) ( write s ) ( newline ) ) x ) ( display " ) ) " ) ( newline ) ( display " ( map eval x ) " ) ( newline ) ) ) ( map eval x )
The first one is easy enough to understand , and follows the usual pattern well : the five lines ending with the second - to - last are the “ data ” ( as well as the two character strings , I suppose ) , and the rest is the “ code ” .
The code ( the do function essentially ) uses the data ( the l variable essentially ) to print the code ( the first ( d l ) ) and then print the data ( the second ( d l ) ) .
But the second example is a bit strange : evidently the x variable ( the lines from the second to the eight ) is data .
The code , essentially , is limited to the single instruction ( map eval x ) .
If you are unfamiliar with Scheme , this means : “ consider x as a list of Scheme instructions and execute them ” .
So what we are doing here is using the data , in effect , as code .
This is curious because the whole point of a quine , really is to use code as data and here we are using data as code .
But in a way it makes sense : if you consider x to be written in a programming language which is just like Scheme except that the code can be accessed as data … through the variable x !
Then x 's rôle is to print x itself plus the “ interpreter ” ( ( map eval x ) ) .
I have also written a quine in Bourne shell along the same principles .
It is rather subtle to understand , but I think it is worth the trouble .
If you prefer the “ dc ” programming languages , the compare this quine ( along the lines of the first Scheme program above , i.e. the “ normal ” lines ) and that one ( which also uses the data - as - code principle and it is shorter ) .
I 'm not entirely sure whether this way of writing quines is actually qualitatively different from the “ normal ” way .
( For example , do they correspond to a different proof of the fixed - point theorem , perhaps one that uses one more time the universality theorem — I can manufacture such a proof but it is not really convincing . )
It is true that if we compare the two Scheme programs , or the two dc programs , given above , there seems to be an important difference ( namely , that there is much more redundancy in the first shan in the second ) .
But maybe that is just a naïve way of thinking .
Still , I can't help but think there is some relation with the two ways of writing the Curry Y ( fixed - point ) combinator : as λf . ( ( λx . ( f( xx ) ) ) ( λx . ( f( xx ) ) ) ) or as λf . ( ( λx . ( xx ) ) ( λx . ( f( xx ) ) ) ) .
But maybe I 'm gone totally off my rocker there .
To conclude this section , I 'd like to mention one program I wrote that I 'm particularly fond of .
It is not a quine and it is in no way so impressive ; but in fact it was considerably more difficult to write than a quine .
It consists of a ( rather minimal ) Scheme interpreter , written in Scheme .
And that interpreter is applied to itself acting upon itself .
So it is a Scheme interpreter trying to interpret a Scheme interpreter interpreting a Scheme interpreter interpreting … well , you get the picture .
As each interpreter prints some debugging information about the program it is interpreting , this leads to a lot of output data ( with curious properties ; for example , search for the string “ Now starting evaluation … ” without quotes around it , and see how it becomes logarithmically rarer and rarer ) .
If you have read the cryptic comment I have made a while back on the use of the universality theorem in the fixed - point theorem , this is a case were we need the universality theorem , and indeed , it is the central part of our program ( writing an interpreter ) .
You should also note the analogy with Gödel 's theorem , because this self - interpreting program is much closer to Gödel 's theorem than ordinary quines .
Naturally , if we allow the use of the eval function ( but that 's cheating ) , we can rewrite my program in a much simpler way :
( ( lambda ( expr ) ( eval `( , expr , expr ) ) ) '( lambda ( expr ) ( eval `( , expr , expr ) ) ) )
( a cute endless loop ) .
Conclusion
Well , I 've written much more than I intended to .
I wanted to make this a small page on The Art Of Quine Programming , and it turned out to be quine ( oh , what a strange slip !
I meant “ quite ” of course ) a monument .
I have n't given enormously many examples , but I hope the examples I 've given were clear enough so that , if you did n't know how to write quines initially , now you do ( even if you did n't understand all that 's on this page ) .
If you want more examples , have a look at my personal quines collection ( all written by yours truly ) , which you can also access by FTP , or download as a single tarball .
Also look at some of the links below , where a great number of more quines can be found .
Yow !
I 've just lost the SOURCE CODE for all my QUINE PROGRAMS !
What will I DO NOW with just the BINARIES ?
Wanted to post recent progress on promotion and events that are upcoming , especially as these should really ramp up again once the next trailers are out .
There ’s been a gap in blog posts while technical stuff has encroached on the process — so more on the creative stuff again !
The next event I ’ve been asked to attend is b.TWEEN at the Museum of Science & Industry , Manchester , 18 - 20 June .
I ’ll be speaking on digital communities and giving some one - on - ones .
The event is a radically interesting mix of topics , and promises to include some amazing locative art and media projects .
Where interactive ideas are seeded , shared & sold .
A unique gathering using radical formats , bringing conferences kicking and screaming into the 21st Century .
b.TWEEN brings together big players and talented indies .
Peter Greenaway is launching the conference , and it will be great to see him again .
I first met him in 1996 and his unwavering experimental approach and engagement with digital technology for innovating in the moving image was a huge inspiration to me while I was preparing to launch onedotzero many years ago .
Read the rest of this entry »
Share This
Tags : amsterdam , event , festival , manchester , podcasts , publicity
( Guest blogged by Logan Murphy )
Constitutional law expert Jonathan Turley appeared on " The Factor " last night to discuss Gonzalesgate and as the picture shows , BillO ends up losing it ... again .
Although this was actually a fairly civilized segment compared to some , as BillO realizes he 's brought a knife to a gunfight , he does what he always does when he 's wrong : he drowns out his guest .
Download Download
The real comedy gold begins when the topic turns to Alberto Gonzales ' counsel and White House liaison Monica Goodling .
Bill goes nuts trying to convince Turley that Goodling 's decision to plead the fifth is a good idea .
Bill completely misrepresents the facts in the Libby case as he attempts to use it to make his point , but as Jonathan points out :
Turley : " Well , see that 's a bad thing to choose cause he 's a convicted felon .
A jury found him guilty of lying . "
SilentPatriot : IMO , the best part of the entire interview comes when Bill tells his producers to " knock the music off . "
He should have cut his losses right there .
If you want a lesson in responsible journalism , compare this segment with O'Reilly to this segment with Olbermann on the same topic .
Granted it 's a few weeks old , but you 'll get the point .
Josh Marshall of TPMmuckracker , who has really led the charge on this entire scandal , tackles ( and shatters ) the " Lam was dismissed for not proescuting immigration cases " spin .
I 'll take a TPM factual analysis over a " Factor " one any day .
BillO thinks the WH offer includes testimony under oath , for crying out loud !
Today , at lunch time , I was browsing the net looking for news to post to [ Geeks Are Sexy ] , when I stumbled upon a brand new web tracking engine especially made for bloggers .
Let me tell you something guys , Performancing metrics is the Cadillac ( Or the Ferrari , your choice ) of stats engines .
Apart from being free , it also provides you with all the stats you can dream of :
visitor stats by : geography , languages , browsers , platforms and screen resolutions
Activity by : Post views , comments summary , comments by post , categories
Marketing : Adsense click ( very useful ) , referrers , search engines ( with keywords ) , outbound links
And much , MUCH more .
What are you waiting for ?
Go and try it right now !
It 's free , and you can have it up and running under 2 minutes .
This thing is A LOT better then SiteMeter , which I 'm keeping only for the web counter .
The Australian Broadcasting Company's " Media Watch " has blown apart the story which made big news , including a New York Times front page picture on February 3 , about polar bears being stranded on glacial ice which had broken off , and which liberal alarmists then attributed to their current - favorite world - ending disaster , global warming .
The Media Watch video report giving the truth about the photo can be found here : http://www.abc.net.au/mediawatch/watch/default.htm?program=mediawatch&pres=20070402_2120&story=3
NewsBusters also has covered this story for some time , with a long piece on March 20th about the picture being mislabeled and misattributed .
The young woman who took the photo was none too pleased about its distribution and misuse .
They also ran a piece on April 6th about the Media Watch broadcast .
The comments following the article are worth a read .
What I find more amazing than the fact that this is a hoax ( in the sense that the photo was taken in August , the bears are not in danger , and this in no way has any relevance to " global warming " ) is that it has taken so long for the issue to get into the broader media .
The New York Times , one of the many high - profile willing victims here , published a " correction " on March 3rd , a month after the photo appeared on their front page , and two months before Media Watch covered it .
As I write this , I am wondering to myself ... what are the chances that the Times published the correction on Saturday , the day which I assume is the paper is least widely read .
So I just checked what day of the week March 3rd was , and indeed it was a Saturday .
I do n't know whether to laugh or scream .
I suppose I 'm not amazed that it took so long , given the mainstream media 's position on " global warming " , for the " correction " ( for the wider use of the photo , not just the NY Times ) to become more widely known .
They have drunk the kool aid ; they love an issue which is anti-industry , anti-capitalism , anti-developed world , and pro-Al Gore .
I just hope more of these outrageous abuses of the public trust are uncovered so that the NY Times and other major liberal media outlets become even less credible on the issue of climate change than they already are .
In the meantime , thanks to a commenter on NewsBusters named " Dontab " who gave us this bit of perfection :
The most important background for any " electrosensitivity " story is the issue of the " provocation studies " .
These are simple .
Sufferers explain that they can tell when they are exposed to , say , a mast , a computer monitor , or a phone , because their symptoms get worse .
So in a provocation study , an electrosensitive person sits in a room with the source of electromagnetic waves hidden from view : they do n't know whether it is switched on or not .
There have been 36 such studies published to date .
This is very active work .
This field has not been neglected .
Thirty - three have shown that the subjects were unable to tell if the signal was present or absent , and the other three were flawed , as I have previously explained ( references at badscience .net ) .
Could the Independent and Panorama have deliberately ignored these , in the name of propagating their scare , and selling themselves ?
But the reality is clear .
The symptoms of electrosensitivity are real , and deserve our compassion , but they seem not to be caused by electromagnetic signals .
Instead of this useful information ( were the researchers wasting their time ? ) the Independent article was filled with ludicrous false information and claims .
Since giving up her cordless phone , she has become " less radioactive " .
Britain is full of masts because 95 % of the population own a phone ( including infants and pensioners ? ) .
" You are never more than 10 feet away from a rat in London ; you may find yourself even closer to a phone mast . "
Not with 35,000 masts in a country of almost 100,000 square miles .
Masts are " disguised in trees " .
How cruel .
I could go on .
But with the treatment options it really kicks off .
First , she recommends the Q - link pendant from two weeks ago ( the pseudo - electronic medical device flogged by vitamin pill entrepreneur Patrick Holford ) .
Then she talks about claimed remedies to " reduce the amount of radiation stored in the body " .
Excellent news .
And they 're described as " detox " remedies , so presumably the " radiation " stored over the years in your body is suddenly expelled in one big dollop .
Duck !
And lastly there is her " electro - magnetic field protection unit " , created by engineer and homeopath Gary Johnson .
" The heart of the unit is a programmed microprocessor unit that produces a holograph [ sic ] field that is amplified through an internal aerial system ...
He claims the unit offers unlimited protection from any negative electromagnetic emissions in a 700 square metre [ sic ] radius . "
If Gary really has found a way to cancel out any electromagnetic signal with a special beam then the military will be keen to talk to him , but since a " holograph " is a document written entirely in the handwriting of the person whose signature it bears , and a sphere cannot have a radius measured in " square metres " , I 'm not too sure Julia knows her arse from his elbow .
It 's also hard to see how being emotionally positive or negative can be a property of a wave , and how his device could identify this .
Perhaps the answer is to be found in an episode of He-man and the Masters of the Universe called The Revenge of Evil from 1986 : " Something is wrong with the powers of Grayskull : there are strange negative energies that surround it and it looks as if it is burning !
...
He - Man uses his sword and sucks the power back into himself , even transforming the negative energy into positive .
The balance is restored , and the evil clone fades away . "
People who believe their symptoms are related to exposure to electromagnetic fields are almost certainly mistaken - I would now say misled - about the cause , but they are very right about their symptoms .
Symptoms are real , they are subjective , some people experience them very severely , and this is real distress that deserves our compassion .
Alternatively , you could cynically exploit them - and mislead them , and frighten them - to sell your quack products , your newspaper , your TV show , and your freelance articles .
I 'm not judging .
I 'm simply laying out the alternatives .
· Please send your bad science to bad.science@theguardian.com
ABC News : iTunes : One Billion Served Crank up the old PR and spin machine .
Apple today announced their one billionth iTunes download today .
The song ?
Speed of Sound by Coldplay .
“ Over one billion songs have now been legally purchased and downloaded around the globe , representing a major force against music piracy and the future of music distribution as we move from CDs to the Internet , ” said Apple CEO Steve Jobs .
Personally I ’ve never bought an iTune and I do n’t own an iPod .
I think Apple ’s DRM is awful and represents a major step back for us all .
I think those that are investing in iTune digital libraries are suckers .
You are basically betting that Apple ’s proprietary DRM laced format will be the standard for the rest of your life .
You are paying too much for your music and tying yourself to only Apple products going forward .
More innovative ways to play your music may indeed come in the future but unless they are marketed by Apple you will not likely be able to use these devices with your iTunes files due to Apple ’s tight proprietary control .
Personally I want nothing to do with it .
I still collect my digital music the old fashioned way , I rip it straight from CDs to crystal clear high bit rate DRM free mp3s .
These files of course can be played on any device and represent better value in my opinion for today ’s consumer .
What happens when the killer phone is finally here ?
You know the one , built in terabyte of storage , lightening fast file transfer speeds , full satellite radio , a breathalyzer , your car and house key , a tiny little thing the size of credit card with a 12 mega pixel camera on it ( hey it ’s the future right , we can dream ) .
What happens when this phone is out and you really want it and unfortunately Apple did n’t make it ?
That ’s right , you ’re a sucker then are n’t you .
I thought so .
You paid all that good money for your iTunes and now you ca n’t put them on your new phone because your new phone threatens Apple ’s dominance .
So who owns the music anyway ?
You or them ?
They do .
You bought nothing .
You bought the right to play their song on their product .
It might work today .
But I ’m not about to bet that this will be the format du jour 10 years from now .
Of course the record labels wo n’t care about you being screwed because they ’ll be happy to just have you buy your same music all over again .
Just like you did when you bought it on LP , then cassette , then CD then from iTunes .
Why charge you once when they can keep charging you over and over and over again ?
And if you think Apple will be opening up their proprietary format anytime soon , think again .
Apple makes virtually nothing on their iTunes downloads , after paying the labels , marketing costs , bandwidth costs , etc. they make peanuts .
They make a * ton* of money on the other hand on selling iPods .
This was the genius deal between Steve Jobs and the hacks over at the record labels who are just as big of suckers as you are and basically have done nothing but cannibalize existing more lucrative CD sales .
They were short sighted and never thought to try to get a piece of the hardware sale and now they are yammering on about raising iTunes prices on you because they are bitter dogs over the screwing that Jobs gave them .
Jobs of course is quick to turn around and call them greedy hacks , but can anyone here say “ pot ” “ black ” .
They will do everything they can to protect this market including screwing over you the customer who mistakenly thought you bought a song from them .
Above and beyond all though this has done absolutely zero to stop online digital music piracy despite Jobs ’ central point in Apple ’s spin release this morning .
Just look at the latest P2P numbers from BigChampagne , and I ’m not even going to get into BitTorrent which makes the numbers BigChampagne tracks look tiny .
And this does not even begin to scratch all of the other ways that music is being traded .
Let me ask you a question .
Can you rip your friends CD on your PC ?
Yeah I guess you can .
Can you rip your brother ’s CD on your PC ?
Yep this works too .
Can you copy your entire digital music library of 100,000 mp3s and give a copy to your brother on Seagate 500 gig drive ?
Theoretically it ’s possible right ?
What about sneakernet ?
Again , theoretically .
Would it be possible to send that same hard drive via the U.S. mail to your new friend that you met last month on your My Space account ?
And would it be considered sharing if he sent it back to you in the mail full of his own 70 or 80 thousand favorite tunes .
Welcome to the darknet ladies and gentlemen .
And what if you are just dying to get the latest CD from that hot new band .
Again , theoretically , would it be possible to go down to Amoeba records , buy it for $ 14 , take it home and rip it , then return it within 7 days to get 75 % credit back ?
What ’s that like $ 3.50 for the new CD ?
And with 12 songs that ’s like what 29 cents a track ?
Hmmm … would I rather have a crystal clear high bit rate mp3 track for 29 cents or a sure to be antiquated DRM bloated track from iTunes for 99 cents ?
Now do n’t get me wrong .
I ’m not advocating piracy here , per se .
But the way I see it , if Apple is going to go to war with me the consumer to lock up my music and keep it off my innovative new devices of the future , then this does n’t really represent a valid step forward away from piracy at all .
It will also be interesting to hear what Xeni Jardin has to say about the billionth download later tonight .
I ca n’t tell if she was on World News Tonight Last night or will be on next Thursday .
I ’ll try to find out .
Also for more on the iTunes saga be sure and check out downhill battle ’s great site on the subject .
And ….. let the Appleheaded fan boys flame comments begin … .. 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 … now .
Tags :
Report : Cheney backs off on claim that he is ' fourth branch of government '
Michael Roston
Published : Wednesday June 27 , 2007 Print This Email This
With a vote looming in Congress on Thursday to defund the Office of the Vice President in the White House 's annual appropriation , a report at The Politico claims that the White House will no longer advance the argument that the Vice President 's office is not a part of the executive branch .
" The White House has no plans to reassert the argument there is any vice presidential distinction from the executive branch , " according to Bush administration officials who spoke with reporter Mike Allen .
" Two senior Republican officials , speaking on condition of anonymity , said that the rationale had been the view of the vice presidents lawyers , not Cheney himself . "
However , Cheney 's change of tack does not mean that Rep. Rahm Emanuel ( D - IL ) , Chairman of the Democratic Caucus , will end his drive to defund the Vice President 's $ 4 million - plus appropriation for the next fiscal year .
" Emanuel said the vote is still planned , and said the new position means the vice president needs to comply with National Archives requirements , " Allen added .
The veteran reporter suggested that a letter written by the Vice President 's chief of staff , David Addington , to Senator John Kerry ( D - MA ) amounted to a capitulation as it no longer held that Cheney 's office was outside of the executive branch .
RAW STORY reported Tuesday on the letter .
However , Addington made clear that he still did not believe that the Vice President 's office , or the President 's for that matter , was bound by the rules for the security of certain classified information laid out in Executive Order 12958 .
He wrote that the order " makes clear that the Vice President is treated like the President and distinguishes the two of them from ' agencies . ' "
In a response at The Gavel , the blog of Democratic House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , staff member Jesse Lee noted the original complaint to the Attorney General filed by the National Archives and Records Administration rebutted Addington 's claim .
" OVP staff , when they are supporting the Vice President in the performance of executive duties , are an entity within the executive branch that comes into possession of classified information and are thus , for the purposes of the Order , an agency , " NARA wrote to Alberto Gonzales .
One legal scholar , Marty Lederman , offered a substantive critique of Addington 's claim to Kerry .
" Such an interpretation would be belied by the fact that until 2003 , the OVP did comply with the ISOO directive , and , even more so , by the fact that entities within the Executive Office of the President , such as the National Security Council , are reported to continue to comply to this very day , " he observed in a lengthy post at Balkinization .
Online payday loan platforms in Brazil , this is already possible in several credit companies on the Brazilian web .
There was a time when to borrow payday loans in Brazil , people had to get around to a loan store with all their personal documents and vouchers , checkbooks , witnesses , and in some cases they would have to file up to a guarantor .
Also clear of all the bank agencies that offered their payday loans by phone and even by direct mail .
He realized , anyone looking for borrowed money would have to cancel a lot to find a suitable interest .
Loan platforms
Crash leg was part of the process of applying for payday loans , not to mention that at the time of formalizing the request , the client had to fill out questionnaires , forms and sign some 30 pages of the contract for only then , after a day or two the money fell in the bank account .
All this marathon besides making a whole day of work , could still take hours and hours of patience and anguish inside the store …
And all this done , some financiers did not give the immediate answer , many times the answer was negative after having had all this work .
But time passes and fashion changes the scenario , fortunately technology has come to benefit and streamline processes .
Payday loan platforms
Today anyone with Internet access can apply for their payday loan when and where they want , only need this online with the financial system , the bank , credit union or credit institution that everything is resolved in minutes .
No one asking questions , no bureaucracies or constraints .
Payday loan 100 % online
That ’s right , everything done quickly , simply and safely .
No extra charges , delay , everything for your computer , laptop , tablet or smartphone .
payday loans 100 % online wherever you are , in Brazil or any size in the world .
It sounds like fiction , does not it !
All this online structure is now available and with a few clicks your payday loan online is now free .
On the web we find several websites , and to get the simulations , simply access the website of the bank or correspondent of your choice , fill in the entries , choose the type of loan and deadlines , the answer comes in minutes .
If your loans are approved in the analysis , after going through the sieve of the evaluation criteria , you jump to the conclusion signing the contract and waiting for the money to fall into the account .
Where to apply for an online loan
In Brazil there are some payday loan stores online that are acting with simple platforms and without bureaucracies .
The sites are intuitive and do not require advanced knowledge to make the request .
Know each one below :
Suer loans :
The loan releases are between R $ 5 thousand to R $ 25 thousand .
Its slogan is : “ a smart way to make loans : simple , fast , secure , transparent and economical . ”
The proposal is to offer the lowest rates practiced in the market , but the flexibility in approval leaves something to be desired .
Dumlao : payday loan without bureaucracy –
They offer online loans between $ 500 to $ 2,500 .
The release is usually quick and flexible in approval , the payday loan can be approved even if it is negative * , the chosen deadlines are in 3 , 6 , 9 or 12 installments .
Interest rates are between 13 % and 14.5 % .
Good for Credit :
They claim to be the largest credit mall in Brazil , offer numerous types of loans , various banks and rates according to the type and profile of the customer .
Interest on the payday loan : 1.19 % to 22.01 % per month .
Payroll loans : 1.5 % to 6.02 % per month .
Consigned INSS : 1.68 % to 2.28 % per month .
Real estate guarantee : 0.68 % to 2.16 % per month .
Financing of real estate : from 0.65 % to 0.91 % per month and Vehicle financing : from 0.94 % to 3.94 % per month .
Creditom :
At Creditom ’s website many banks and financial partners are presented , the credit company offers : loan with property under guarantee , loan with vehicle under guarantee , payday loan , loans for companies , vehicle financing , real estate financing .
They also have : Cards and Insurance .
Servico : Servico has a web structure to do simulation with rates that are low and personalized , according to your proposals .
The simulation takes only 3 minutes .
After approval of the loan , simply send your documents through the site and wait for the credit in the account .
They offer credits from R $ 2,500 to R $ 35,000 .
Deba : Deba Financial Services – Loan for small business owners financed by people , this solution is known peer - to - peer lending .
The operation is ideal for those who are on the overdraft or on the rotary of the card since interest is usually lower ( between 1.5 % and 4.0 % per month ) .
Trigg Online Loan :
Trigg is a credit platform created to make payday loan online , fast , easy and hassle - free .
With Trigg the loan simulation is done without moving from your home .
These are just a few of the dozens of lending companies that have payday loan schemes online , but there are many others that we will be mentioning here at Billy Bunter .
That ’s right , now you can do your loan simulation with just a few clicks .
Good luck !
The first thing to realize about the Common Lisp Object System ( and LISP ) is that many things that are very much behind the scenes in other languages are availab le as user - accessible data objects in CLOS .
For example , in C++ , only the compiler has any data structures that correspond to user - defined classes .
In CLOS , user - defined classes are represented by objects -- class objects -- that can be examined and manipulated by user programs .
This property is sometimes called " introspection . "
When you create a class you get a class object back :
( defclass rectangle ( ) ( ( height : initform 0.0 : initarg : height ) ( width :initform 0.0 : initarg : width ) ) ) #< Standard - Class F00 >
The exact contents of the class object depend on the implementation of CLOS .
CLOS was designed in layers .
The outermost layer ( the one that programmers will typically use ) contains the syntax of CLOS , defined by macros and functions such as defclass and defmethod .
This layer is called the " user interface layer " , but it is n't a user interface in the keyboard , mouse , window , graphics sense ; it 's a use interface to the operational part of the CLOS language .
This user interface corresponds to language definition in other programming languages .
The next lower layer is the connection layer , and it is implemented by functions .
The user interface macros expand to calls to function s in this layer ; in addition , this layer contains functions that map names to metaobjects .
For example , find - class is a function in this layer .
The deepest layer is the metaobject layer .
Metaobjects are first - class LISP objects that provide the behavior of classes , instances , slot access , generic functions , inheritance , and method combination .
One way to understand this layering is by analogy to cars .
You can think of cars as having three layers just like CLOS .
The outermost layer is almost like a user interface .
This layer is basically all the controls ( gas pedal , steering wheel , brakes ) .
The driver interact s with these controls to make his car do things .
The next layer connects the controls to the things controlled .
The gas pedal is connected by rods , levers , and springs to the carburetor .
The function of this layer is to connect a device designed for easy human use to a device designed to accomplish its function readily .
This is like the connection layer .
The deepest layer is the set of devices that make a car perform its function .
For example , the carburetor controls the speed of the car by controlling the amount and rate of fuel burned .
This is like the metaobject layer .
Changing the way a driver interacts with the car can simply involve the user interface layer ; for example , if you want to change the sha pe of the gas pedal or slightly change its placement .
For a larger change ( such as implementing the gas pedal as a roller on the steering wheel ) , the interface and connection layer must be changed ; that is , a new linkage must be designed and built as well as changing the gas pedal itself .
Finally , the nature of the car itself can be changed by changing the lowest layer .
The engine can be replaced with a much more powerful one for amateur racing or trailer pulling .
The suspension can be altered to make a road racing car .
The back seats and rear sections can be altered to form a pickup truck .
The body and undermachinery can be enclosed in a waterproof shell and a propeller added to create an amphibious vehicle .
Some of these alterations require changing or a dding things to the connection and user interface layers , but the fundamental nature of the car cannot be changed without changing the deepest layer .
Some changes are just not possible unless the car is thrown away and a new design produced .
An Indy car cannot be made from a stock model , no matter how much customization you do .
Neither can you create an airplane from a car .
Apple TV is n't designed to play DVDs , but users have expressed enormous interest using it for that purpose , simply because DVDs are the most obvious and common source for movies , and many people already have a library of titles .
Here 's a rather intense look at the complications involved in moving DVDs to the Apple TV , why QuickTime does not play DVDs itself , and the pros and cons related to four different options to getting DVDs on Apple TV .
Remember MiniDisc ?
Imagine a hypothetical world where our audio CDs were all replaced by Sony 's MiniDisc format .
That would be awful : the audio data on MiniDisc is already compressed , so further compression of music for use as MP3s would result in lower sound quality .
Prerecorded MiniDiscs were also protected by DRM , making it difficult to get the audio off in the first place .
Further , the Serial Copy Management System it used prevented users from making more than one generation of a digital copy from the original .
Those restrictions helped to kill the MiniDisc format , which was intended to replace cassette tape .
Despite offering much higher audio quality and other compelling features , it simply could n't do what consumers expected of it .
Something Worse than MiniDisc
MiniDisc 's problems pale in comparison to the boondoggle that is DVD .
Like MiniDisc , the audio and video content on DVD is already compressed , rather than being raw data like a CD .
Also like MiniDisc , DVDs use DRM that complicates -- but does not stop -- content from being ripped from the disc media for other uses .
Unlike MiniDisc however , the DVD format offers no mechanism at all for making even a single digital copy .
DVD not only uses the Content Scrambling System to create a technical barrier to getting content off the disc , but the industry has also employed the DMCA to create a legal barrier that prevents third parties in the US from offering tools that defeat CSS encryption .
Europe has the EUCD , and other countries similarly enforce the WIPO Treaty .
In addition , DVD 's compression and other technical specifications are protected by patents .
Anyone licensing the DVD patent portfolio also has to agree to enforce rules related to region coding , encryption protection , and delivery .
Some of these are truly draconian and outrageous :
• UOP , or user operating permissions , hijack users ’ ability to operate their own DVD player , forcing them to sit through commercials and copyright warnings .
• Beyond UOPs , DVD menus force users to navigate often an poorly designed interface to play their content .
• Software DVD players must prevent any mechanism for grabbing screen shots from a playing movie .
• Region encoding creates territorial markets by preventing DVDs from playing in units sold in another zone .
Beyond DVD : An Ugly Vista
Despite the problems inherent in DVD , the vast improvement in quality over older VHS tapes helped make the DVD format popular .
After establishing DVD , content producers hoped to migrate CDs toward the same style of overpriced user abuse that tramples fair use with the DVD - Audio format .
Fortunately , that effort failed ; it died with SACD , as Did iTunes Kill the Record Store ? described .
Microsoft worked to offer a similar system for ultra protected content with Windows Media and Janus DRM , essentially delivering all the DRM “ features ” of DVD , but tying the protected content to a digital lock on a PC instead of locking it to a physical disc .
For the next generation of HD discs , two rival camps are offering greater capacity and video quality on new discs that lock down content even tighter : Blu - Ray and HD - DVD .
These formats add new restrictions that not only prevent digital copying , but also force playback systems to shut down or degrade the signal if any part of the playback chain is determined to be insecure or is n't recognized .
Complaints about this new , heavy handed HD DRM have been a associated with Windows Vista , when it primarily relates to HD discs ; Microsoft is just accommodating the entertainment industry in the same way it has ever since it discovered the vast sums of money it could make by tying all DRM content as tightly as possible to Windows .
Cracking DVD
People who really want to get things done are n't commonly flummoxed by technical or legal barriers though .
When movies shifted to DVD , it induced hackers to figure out how to disable CSS to allow playback on Linux .
While credited to Jon Lech Johansen , aka DVD - Jon , the first effort to bypass CSS was developed in secret by at least five other unknown people ; it appears to have involved commercial developers familiar with how DVD security works , who remained anonymous because claiming credit would have resulted in their being sued .
Despite the romantic portrayal of cracking and hacking common in the media , the encryption itself is rarely ever cracked ; instead , users simply find ways around the otherwise onerous math that can be virtually impossible to defeat .
In the case of CSS , crackers were initially able to disassemble code from a software DVD player to obtain its player key .
DVD - Jon simply reused the GPL code library others had written to publish the tool as a Windows app .
His popularization of the DeCSS code used to remove DVD encryption enabled others to determine how to bypass the CSS encryption without requiring a stolen key , resulting in a new project called libdvdcss , the basis for nearly every modern system that reads DVDs without the blessing of the DVD Forum :
• MPlayer , VLC and any other DVD players that work on Linux
• MactheRipper , HandBrake and any other DVD rippers
Playing DVD
Peeling the data off of a DVD disc is only the first step however .
After defeating CSS , the video on a DVD is still in an MPEG - 2 Part 2 video stream , usually multiplexed with a compressed AC3 audio stream , and packaged inside of the MPEG - 2 VOB container .
More on what that all means in a moment .
Licensed and legal DVD players contain a player key to unlock discs , along with an MPEG - 2 decoder to play the video and an AC3 decoder to play the audio .
Every licensed , commercial player , from the cheapest hardware units to the software DVD Player app included with Mac OS X , includes these components and must follow the rules established by the DVD Forum .
If they do not , their manufacturer will lose its license to play DVDs and incur the swift legal wrath of the DVD Forum .
Playing DVDs Without Permission
Since there is no way for the open source community to license DVD technology and collectively agree to follow its rules and keep its secrets , there is also no legal way to play DVDs under Linux in most countries ; the libdvdcss code has to be used to scandalously strip the CSS DRM simply to play DVDs on an open platform .
In addition to being illegal in most countries , it also exposes distributors to patent lawsuits .
For this reason , most mainstream Linux distros including Ubuntu , Debian and SuSE do not distribute libdvdcss .
Apple obviously can't distribute this code in Mac OS X either .
Even many rippers and open DVD player software projects require the user to obtain and install the code themselves from servers located in countries where it cannot be legally challenged .
This also helps to explain why QuickTime does not natively play DVDs ; nothing can play DVDs without permission and licensing , or without venturing into problematic legal territory .
The open source has no choice , but it also has limited accountability .
The DVD Forum ca n’t sue unknown individuals working in other countries .
However , Apple is neither anonymous nor can it run to hide in foreign countries .
If Apple added full DVD playback features to QuickTime , it would either have to determine ways to disable and thwart user rights within QuickTime to the satisfaction of the DVD Forum , or risk getting sued or barred from being able to play DVDs at all .
Instead , Apple delivers DVD playback through an entirely separate application , DVD Player app , which sandboxes those demands -- including the inability to take screen captures during playback -- within a limited environment .
Apple pays the MPEG - LA for a license to distribute code that plays MPEG - 2 data from DVDs exclusively within the DVD Player app .
Apple also offers a $ 20 Playback Component for QuickTime , which acts as a plugin to allow QuickTime to read MPEG - 2 video for transcoding it into other formats .
It does not have the ability to demux and decode AC3 or DTS sound however , nor can it handle CSS DRM , so it does not turn QuickTime into a full software DVD player .
Compressing DVDs
Once stripped of CSS using an application like MactheRipper , DVD files can be copied to a hard drive for playback via Mac OS X’s DVD Player , but those files consume an enormous amount of space : between 4 - 8 GB per disc .
Just as with CDs , we need to further compress them in order to use DVDs conveniently without the disc .
MPEG - 2 is a suite of specifications , split into different parts .
There are three critical parts used in DVDs :
• Part 1 relates to Systems or container formats .
MPEG - 2 offers two different container formats :
• MPEG -TS or transport stream relates to digital TV broadcasts requiring error correction .
• MPEG -PS or program stream relates to video contained in files .
It is the VOB container used on DVD .
• Part 2 is the Video codec .
Also called H.262 ; it carries ahead and improves upon MPEG - 1 / H.261 video
• Part 3 is the Audio codec .
This includes MP3 audio ; it carries ahead and improves upon MPEG - 1 audio
Both MPEG - 2
Part 2 and 3 were designed to be backward compatible with the existing MPEG - 1 standards , so that newer players could play back older content designed for MPEG - 1 .
As technology progressed , backwards compatibility became less important than advancing the state of the art in compression .
MPEG - 4 : Small is the New Big
In 2003 , MPEG - 4 introduced two new advanced codecs that dramatically improved upon the technology available when MPEG - 1 and 2 were originally designed .
Neither of the two earlier standards were optimized for low bitrate applications , making them poorly suited for Internet downloads and mobile devices that do n't have a large disc to read from .
The improvements in MPEG - 4 also enable DVD video to be shrunken down to a more manageable size .
The Two MPEG - 4s
However , the MPEG - 4 suite also carried forward video compression that built upon the existing MPEG - 2 Part 2 used by DVD , with more marginal improvements and retaining backward compatibility .
This results in MPEG - 4 delivering two very different sets of video codec technologies :
• 1998 MPEG 4 Part 2 Video built incrementally upon MPEG - 2 ; it is also called MPEG - 4 ASP or H.263
• 2003 MPEG 4 Part 10 Advanced Video Codec is a major jump over MPEG - 2 ; it is also called AVC or H.264
The Two AACs
Just as MPEG - 4’s H.264 leapfrogs MPEG - 2 video , a new audio codec also leapfrogs MP3 audio , breaking backward compatibility with MPEG - 1 and 2 to provide much better compression :
• MPEG 4 Part 3 Advanced Audio Codec is simply called AAC .
AAC is also a major jump over the AC3 Dolby Digital commonly used in DVD movies , and was designed by the same audio engineers at Dolby and other MPEG contributors .
AAC is such a large leap over the MPEG - 1 audio included in MPEG - 2 , that MPEG also added it to MPEG - 2 portfolio :
• MPEG 2 Part 7 Advanced Audio Codec is the same AAC standard specified in MPEG - 4 Part 3 .
ISO Picks QuickTime
A third major change is the new MPEG - 4 container format .
MPEG - 4 replaces the MPEG - 2 VOB / MPEG - PS container with a new container based upon QuickTime 's MOV movie container .
• MPEG 4 Part 14 MP4
Container is functionally identical to MOV .
Microsoft's Plot to Kill QuickTime noted that the ISO chose Apple ’s container format over Microsoft's ASF .
Part of the reason for this was that QuickTime was proven , having existed since 1991 .
ASF has just been scrambled together as part of Microsoft ’s ploy to edge out Apple using Avid : How Microsoft Pushed QuickTime 's Final Cut .
QuickTime was n’t just old , it was continuously supported ; content from 1991 still plays back in 2007 .
Microsoft has repeatedly changed its promises and goals as it identified more lucrative markets .
Content created for Video For Windows will not necessarily play back in Windows Media Player , because Microsoft keeps changing its codec support and drops technologies as soon as they stop enriching the company .
Microsoft has fooled a lot of consumers with its marketing of technology , but the E in MPEG stands for experts .
As Microsoft enraptured columnists like to point out , the industry does n't like companies than ca n’t offer a plausible roadmap for the future .
That ’s why the entire industry aligned with Apple and against Microsoft .
Standard Alphabet Soup : MPEG , MPEG Good
The Motion Pictures Experts Group is itself a part of the ISO ; MPEG is n't the only group working on video standards .
The ITU , a telephony standards organization , has its own Video Coding Experts Group .
Rather that working at cross purposes , these groups have worked to share the same text in many of the standards they designate .
Apple likely refers to the latest standard as " H.264 " to distinguish it from the multiple video codecs within MPEG - 4 , and because the ITU 's numbering system makes more sense than rattling off " MPEG - 4 part 10 " or the even longer ISO number .
Incidentally , the upcoming H.265 is planned for delivery around 2010 .
The name others use for equivalent standards depends a lot upon who is using them and for what .
CD - ROMs , DVDs and digital satellite broadcasts were all associated with the MPEG names , while ITU numbers were associated with the telephony industry ; H.263 is most commonly associated with video conferencing .
Your Peanut Butter is In My Chocolate
In 1997 , just as Apple began new efforts to reinvigorate development on QuickTime after years of little progress , things fell into place between Apple and MPEG that would mix two families of motion video technology together .
The MPEG group represents video broadcast experts .
Apple , despite its 1994 - 1997 brush with death , still maintained the state of the art in time - based computer graphics development with QuickTime .
However , QuickTime lacked some technology used by MPEG to deliver broadcast video , and MPEG lacked technology Apple had developed for interactivity and multimedia compositing .
As technology advancements enabled video and computing to converge , mixing those expert pools resulted in something better on both ends .
Your Peanut Butter : MPEG adopted Apple 's QuickTime container format , which allows for a variety of data to be layered together in tracks : audio , video , text , images , VR , and wired interaction .
New tracks can be defined and added as needed .
MPEG ’s resulting MP4 container is nearly identical to Apple 's MOV container , and QuickTime was updated to work with either one .
QuickTime Streaming Server does n’t even notice the difference .
All of the content Apple sells in the iTunes store is in the new MP4 format ; file extensions hint at what ’s inside :
• mp4 is video and audio • m4a is just audio ; aka standard AAC • m4b is an audiobook ; AAC with bookmarks • m4p is protected audio ; AAC with FairPlay DRM
My Chocolate : QuickTime also adopted support for bidirectional video frames commonly used in digital video broadcasting .
Prior to QuickTime 7 , Apple 's video technology only used :
• I - frames or intraframes , which present an entire picture and act as keyframes • P - frames or predictive frames , which only present what has changed since the last I - frame
In a digital realm , the “ film strip ” does n’t contain successive full frames ; an I - frame is sent , followed by P - frames that only update what has changed .
The original I - Frame is used to draw in the missing parts .
Advanced video codecs like MPEG - 2 were also using B - frames , or bidirectional predictive frames .
These present part of a picture like a P - frame , but reference changes relative to a future frame .
In other words , B - frames come in advance of an I or P - frame that fills in the missing details .
To accommodate B - frames , the video decoder has to receive a series of frames , called a GOP or Group of Pictures , before it can begin drawing them .
Using too many P or B - frames provides compression at the expense of failing to update the display properly , particularly in video with a lot of action .
B - frames add a sophisticated way to add compression , but it assumes that the video is only being played back .
QuickTime was designed for editing , where video runs in both directions , not just in a straight line .
The concept of video frames arriving out of order required a significant reworking of how QuickTime decodes frames , in order to present this type of advanced compression in a filmstrip interface .
It was a major new feature in QuickTime 7 , although it was difficult to boil down into a marketing bullet point .
Adding these technologies together also melded the computing world of QuickTime with the broadcasting world of MPEG , making MPEG - 4 uniquely suited to a new range of converged applications adapted for mobile devices , interactive TV , and Internet downloads while retaining sophisticated video compression techniques .
The DVD Bugaboo
Meanwhile , existing DVD movies are still in MPEG - 2 formats .
While QuickTime 7 was adapted to support MPEG video compression technologies , it still has the legal and technical barriers to playing DVDs as described earlier .
Prior to the advance of MPEG - 4 AVC / H.264 , hackers took Microsoft ’s video codec , based largely upon MPEG - 4 Part 2 ASP / H.263 , and created their own version using the basic AVI container from Video for Windows .
The result was DivX .
Since then , DivX ( and a fork called XviD ) has delivered newer versions fully compliant with MPEG - 4 ASP , but all of those codecs are still based upon the minor advancements made to the old MPEG - 2 video , and all still use the archaic AVI container format , which inefficiently wastes a lot of disk overhead .
That means the majority of video is either in MPEG - 2 H.262 VOBs locked onto DVDs using CSS , or in some version of DivX MPEG - 4 ASP H.263 in AVIs .
How does one get video to play back on modern devices using H.264 MP4s , such as the Apple TV ?
Option 1 : Just DVD Me
The easiest way to put DVD playback on the Apple TV would be to put DVD Player on it .
DVDs could be ripped to disk and streamed in all of their huge glory to the Apple TV , filling its 40 GB disc with as few as five movies .
Pros :
• Compatible with AC3 , DTS audio ; DVD
Player simply hands it off to the optical jack for external processing
Cons :
• Files are big , downloads are slow • Requires rather drastic user intervention to install the app • Does n't integrate nicely with the Apple TV 's interface •
It is unknown if Apple can put its DVD Player app on the unit , due to licensing terms or cost • Requires users to rip the CSS off DVDs , which is legally a grey area and takes about a half hour
Option 2 : DivX the Apple TV
Since many people already have DVDs ripped to DivX , another solution would be to copy the DivX codecs to the Apple TV .
This gives QuickTime the ability to play DivX rips of DVDs ; another third party plugin allows QuickTime to decode AC3 audio .
Reencoding DVDs to DivX requires some expertise because the optimal settings required depend upon the source material used .
The broad range of options and performance tweaks available in the variety of DivX versions or in the various MPEG - 4 ASP / H.263 codec implementations results in a wide variety in the quality of DivX rips .
That makes DivX akin to the state of pirate music in the MP3 world , the difference being that MP3s were mostly ripped from high quality , raw CD audio , where DivX movies are ripped from already compressed DVDs .
Another problem with trying to turn the Apple TV into a DivX player is that DivX rips are n’t optimized for QuickTime ; most people use DivX with open source tools .
Those libraries support features missing in QuickTime , and may not support features unique to QuickTime .
Conversely , QuickTime is being optimized for the next generation H.264 , not for the many odd flavors of H.263 .
Also , most DivX rips simply retain the original DVD 's AC3 soundtrack , which DivX players typically just pass without processing .
QuickTime wants to decode AC3 audio , and does not simply pass it out the optical audio port for external processing ; even with our AC3 decoder plugin , QuickTime does n't turn into a DivX - DVD player .
Pros :
• Allows a lot of existing content to be played • Known to work , files are smaller .
Cons :
• Not compatible with the AC3 surround audio typical in DivX rips • Requires rather drastic user intervention to install the app • Does n't integrate nicely with the Apple TV 's interface • DivX is not an optimal format for QuickTime playback and also uses the non-optimal AVI container • Requires users to rip CSS off DVDs and then reencode them , which is legally a grey area and can take hours
Option 3 : Install Linux or VLC on the Apple TV
Since QuickTime and DivX are n't the happiest couple , another option is to install VLC on the Apple TV , or alternatively wipe it entirely and turn it into a Linux box .
VLC ( or another similar equivalent ) delivers the useful libraries from open source without needing to jump to Linux , allowing playback and decoding with far more options exposed to the user compared to QuickTime .
VLC can demux about anything and play it , including AC3 audio directly ripped from DVDs .
Unlike QuickTime , VLC will also pass AC3 audio directly to the optical outputs just as DVD Player does .
However , while it is n't too difficult to get other applications installed on the Apple TV , doing so complicates the device and its interface .
A lot of the value of the unit comes from its simplicity .
Further , the box is designed to be a low cost appliance , and it lacks the general purpose processing and RAM required to run a lot of applications .
VLC is a general purpose software player , and ca n’t take special advantage of the Apple TV ’s graphics card the way QuickTime does for a specific set of optimized , H.264 encoded content .
That means Apple TV ’s limited CPU would throttle the performance VLC could deliver .
Pros :
• Fairly easy , known to work , files are small •
All sorts of customization possible
Cons :
• All sorts of customization required • Requires rather drastic user intervention to install the app • Does n't integrate nicely with the Apple TV 's interface and complicates the user experience •
Not integrated with existing software and can't be by Apple • Requires users to rip CSS off DVDs and then reencode them , which is legally a grey area and can take hours
Option 4 : Rip DVDs to H.264
Ideally , most Apple TV users want something that just works , or they 'd already have hacked together a box on their own .
The most ideal scenario for playing DVDs on the Apple TV is to rip them to H.264 files with AAC 5.1 audio , just like Apple uses on some of its HD movie trailers .
Purchased movie downloads on iTunes use 4 channel Dolby Surround .
In either case , Apple TV outputs a signal that Pro Logic receivers can present in surround when using 5.1 speakers , or non-surround systems can play in normal stereo .
While Apple TV does provide multichannel sound for content mastered using Dolby Surround Pro Logic , most user - friendly ripping software does not yet support reencoding the AC3 5.1 on DVDs to either ACC 5.1 or to Dolby Surround , since there has never been a real demand for that before .
Apple 's default settings for video output from QuickTime “ to Apple TV ” only support stereo , as Apple apparently thinks most users wo n't be converting movies from sources QuickTime does not normally play .
That setting is intended to convert home movies and other simple QuickTime content to an Apple TV friendly format .
In order to push DVDs with surround soundtracks to Apple TV while retaining the surround sound , the audio has to be transcoded from AC3 to AAC or Dolby Surround .
Handbrake has been working for several months to add support for re-encoding AC3 as either multichannel AAC or Dolby Surround , and VLC already does .
Using the AC3 decoder , QuickTime should also be able to do this .
Pros :
• Just works , files are small .
Cons :
• Requires users to rip CSS off DVDs and then reencode them , which is legally a grey area and can take hours .
• AC3 from DVDs does not playback in 5.1 ; must be converted to multichannel AAC or Dolby Surround first .
i Pod vs Apple TV
Video capable iPods play H.264 content using dedicated video chips ; the Apple TV plays back H.264 using QuickTime software , just like any other Mac .
That means its slow general purpose CPU manages the job , but it appears designed to use Mac OS X's acceleration framework to delegate most of the work to the video processor .
That means that the iPod may be able to play some H.264 encoded video that the Apple TV can't .
QuickTime 's ' Output to Apple TV ' setting should solve that problem , however .
The Legality of DVD Ripping
Will Apple ever be able to offer DVD ripping from iTunes ?
Most of the technical challenges appear to be handled , leaving only the legal questions remaining .
Reader Michael Long sent in a link to Eric Bangeman ’s report on Ars Technica that Kaleidescape , a home server developer sued by the DVD Forum for building a system that rips user ’s DVDs for playback , won the court case .
Kaleidescape ’s system stores a single copy of a user ’s DVD in a copy - protected form for personal use .
That appears to open the door for Apple to offer DVD ripping in iTunes , creating a FairPlay - protected H.264 version of users ’
DVDs that they can watch via Apple TV .
This idea of a personal ripping server was included in my October 2005 Leopard Wishlist , so I ’d be happy to see it delivered .
Other Content Sources
Reader Karl Lehensbauer writes , “ Using PodTube or one of many other Applescripts floating around , you can snag YouTube videos , convert them to Quicktime and import them into iTunes in one step , either automatically syncing to Apple TV or streaming them from your Mac .
It 's the best way yet to show your favorite YouTube videos to your friends . ”
Give the relationship between Apple and Google , we should see support for YouTube ’s FLV and Google Video ’s GVI formats added directly to QuickTime , along with either a browser in Apple TV , or way to download video content from Google and other sites directly in iTunes as an RSS feed , just like podcasts .
Incidentally , Adobe ’s FLV Flash Video uses a proprietary VP6 codec , while Google ’s GVI is just DivX in an AVI .
Apple TV is available on Amazon .
Like reading Roughly Drafted ?
Share articles with your friends , link from your blog , and subscribe to my podcast !
Did I miss any details ?
Next Articles :
This Series
Imajinasi merupakan suatu gambaran ( citra ) yang dihasilkan oleh otak .
Istilah ini secara teknis digunakan dalam psikologi sebagai proses membangun kembali persepsi dari suatu obyek yang pertama kali diberikan persepsi akal . [… ]
The Youngstown , Ohio Vindicator on Sunday , 17 June 2007 , published a series of four articles concerning the upcoming polygraph examination of former youth pastor Darryl Adams , who stands accused of raping a minor .
( See previous Vindicator report here . )
In a devil ’s bargain that revives in modern disguise the medieval trial by ordeal , Mahoning County assistant prosecutor Dawn Krueger has agreed to drop charges if Adams passes the polygraph , and Adams has agreed to plead guilty to a single rape count if he fails .
The Vindicator introduces the topic with an article titled , “ [ C] ould You Pass a Polygraph Test When Your Freedom Depends on It ? ” :
ould [ sic ] you pass a polygraph test when your freedom depends on it ?
Sunday , June 17 , 2007 OULD YOU PASS A POLYGRAPH TEST when your freedom depends on it ?
There are stories about how people convicted of espionage have passed them for years .
One local attorney thinks a schizophrenic defendant could take a polygraph in another state of mind — and pass it because he would n’t be thinking about the lie that he ’s telling .
Psychotic people , who one attorney said are the worst criminals , can pass it because they believe themselves .
On Thursday , can Darryl Adams of Boardman pass a polygraph test ?
He thinks enough of his innocence that he ’s throwing his freedom to the much maligned lie - detector test .
Adams is accused of rape .
He was arrested at his Boardman home in 2005 for incidents that purportedly happened at his residence between 2002 and 2004 .
The victim was allegedly a Youngstown boy — someone Adams knew through his role as a church youth pastor .
The victim , now 19 , is not thrilled that a lie - detector test will decide Adams ’ guilt or innocence .
“ If a person believes his lie , then how is the polygraph going to tell ? ” he said .
He was eager to testify at trial , but is now resigned to the test this week .
And he ’s just eager to move on with his life .
Dennis DiMartino is eager as well for the test .
He is Adams ’ court - appointed lawyer who said the unique step of putting Adams ’ freedom in the hands of the test avoids putting Adams through a trial .
Adams , he said , suffers from depression .
It will also prove what he says he knows .
“ I ’m convinced he ’s absolutely innocent of these charges , ” DiMartino said .
On Pages A3 and A4 of today ’s paper , reporter Pete Milliken explores this unique Thursday event .
In “ Accuser Says He ’s Skeptical About Test , ” Vindicator staff writer Peter H. Milliken reports :
Accuser says he ’s skeptical about test
Sunday , June 17 , 2007
He says he wants the case to conclude .
By PETER H. MILLIKEN VINDICATOR STAFF WRITER YOUNGSTOWN —
The young man who alleges Darryl Adams sexually abused him says he is n’t confident that justice will be served by the lie - detector test Adams will take Thursday .
“ It ’s easy to pass one of those , ” the 19 - year - old accuser said in an interview .
“ Those polygraph things are n’t accurate because , if a person believes his lie , then how is the polygraph going to tell ?
If that person is really in self - denial about that lie , how is that polygraph going to pick it up ? ” the young man said .
Adams , 44 , former youth pastor at the church the boy attended , is charged with three counts of rape in alleged encounters with the young man between 2002 and 2004 .
Each count carries a penalty of three to 10 years in prison .
“ I would n’t know how to feel ” if Adams passes the polygraph and the charges against him are dropped under terms of the agreement between the prosecution and defense , the teen said .
“ I just want it to be over , ” he said of the case .
The 19 - year - old said he learned about the polygraph arrangement for Adams by reading a Vindicator article and that he believes Dawn Krueger , the assistant county prosecutor assigned to the Adams case , should have consulted him about the polygraph agreement .
But she did n’t , he said .
“ I ’ve consulted with him about a lot of things .
We talked about a lot of options , ” Krueger said , adding she believes she discussed with the accuser the possibility of Adams ’ taking a polygraph .
“ There was talk about [ Adams ] doing a polygraph for a long time , so we ’ve just been in negotiations and trying to get everyone on the same schedule , ” Krueger said .
Long ordeal
The teenager said the case has been a long ordeal for him , and he has been frustrated by the delays in the investigation and court proceedings in the case .
“ It should have been over .
This happened three years ago , ” he said .
The young man said he would willingly testify at a trial .
A journal entry in the case by Judge James C. Evans , of common pleas court , after an Oct. 16 , 2006 , pretrial hearing said the parties will enter into a polygraph agreement and that the judge granted a joint motion to postpone the trial for 60 days .
Court records show five other postponements in the case for various reasons .
The accuser said he wants to devote attention to his newborn daughter and is considering entering a trade school to begin his studies for a career in construction and demolition .
When asked how the Adams case has affected his life , the 19 - year - old said , “ I really do n’t want to talk about that because it ’s just crazy . ”
The un-named accuser is right to be skeptical about the polygraph .
Polygraph “ testing ” has no scientific basis , and while it ’s inherently biased against the innocent , the guilty need not “ be in denial ” or be self - deluded in order to fool the polygraph : one can pass through the use of simple countermeasures that polygraph operators have no demonstrated ability to detect .
In a second article titled , “ Who ’s Telling the Truth ?
Officials Debate Use , Value of Polygraphs ” Milliken writes :
Who ’s telling the truth ?
Officials debate use , value of polygraphs
Sunday , June 17 , 2007
Too many fudge factors make it a tool you ca n’t completely bank on , some say .
By PETER H. MILLIKEN VINDICATOR STAFF WRITER YOUNGSTOWN —
Polygraph examinations have been used for lie detection for more than 80 years .
Despite this history , the polygraph will likely never enjoy the legal assuredness of the fingerprint or the DNA test .
Yet it continues to play a large role in our legal process .
That role evokes plenty of opinions from people in all walks of our legal system .
“ I think polygraph has earned its credentials at this stage because it ’s been critiqued and re-critiqued , ad nauseam , which is good , ” said Williams D. Evans II , an Akron - based lawyer and polygraph examiner , who often visits the Youngstown area to conduct exams .
Similar to experts on fingerprints , DNA or ballistics , a polygraph examiner is subject to cross-examination concerning methods and credentials .
Because of this , Evans believes a judge should be able to determine a polygraph ’s admissibility in a particular case regardless of prosecution and defense opinions .
Skeptics
One disbeliever is Timothy Franken , chief trial lawyer in the Mahoning County prosecutor ’s office .
“ This is not that good of science , so the courts do n’t like it , ” Franken said .
“ I believe it ’s a crutch , and I do n’t believe it ’s that accurate . ”
Polygraphs attempt to insert the judgment of a machine and the examiner ’s interpretation in place of judgment that should be made by lawyers and jurors , he said .
Franken ’s colleague , Robert Bush , chief of the criminal division of the county prosecutor ’s office , said polygraphs , because of their subjectivity , will never reach the level of certainty of fingerprints or DNA , but they have a useful investigative role .
“ I would be reluctant to use just the results of a polygraph , one way or the other , to move me on a particular case .
But it can be used to clear up some areas and to give you some direction , ” Bush said .
“ It ’s not the end - all , be -all .
It should never be used as a primary investigative tool or a front - line investigative tool , ” Evans said .
The American Civil Liberties Union opposes the use of the polygraph in criminal cases “ because it can be manipulated , ” said Lloyd Snyder , general counsel for the Cleveland - based ACLU of Ohio .
“ It depends very much on the objectivity and competence of a polygraph operator , ” he said .
“ There have been over 200 cases [ nationwide ] in which people convicted of capital offenses have been shown to be innocent , mostly by DNA evidence , and , in many of those cases , the defendant confessed , ” he said .
“ That ’s one of the problems with polygraph .
It can be used as part of the process to induce those confessions . ”
With the exception of New Mexico courts , polygraph results are generally inadmissible as evidence in trials in state and federal courts , said Charles W. Daniels , an Albuquerque , N.M. , lawyer and University of New Mexico law professor , who writes on this topic in national legal journals .
A supporter Defense lawyer Dennis DiMartino , however , thinks the polygraph is a great tool , provided the person administering the test is fair .
DiMartino said a polygraph can be useful in evaluating and preparing for defense of a client .
He also said some prosecutors have agreed to drop charges in cases where his clients have passed a polygraph and where there is a lack of witnesses and evidence .
“ We do n’t work for anybody in particular .
We work for the truth , ” regardless of who is paying for the exam , Evans said of himself and the examiners he knows in the law enforcement field .
It ’s not unusual for the prosecution and defense to agree to a court - admissible polygraph because , pass or fail , the outcome is desirable , Evans said .
If the suspect passes , charges are dropped and no trial is needed , he noted .
If the suspect fails , he ’ll usually plead guilty or be convicted in a trial because the polygraph supports the prosecution ’s case , he added .
Experts agree that the outcome of a polygraph can be affected by a host of factors : the way the questions are worded ; the experience and training of the examiner ; any bias the examiner has ; the calibration of the equipment ; and stress of the examinee .
Sheriff Randall Wellington , who gave polygraph exams in his private business for 15 years , said it ’s difficult to fool an experienced examiner .
Wellington cited studies showing polygraphs have between 82 and 98 percent reliability .
Franken said , however , “ That ’s reasonable doubt , so what good are they ? ”
If a jury finds reasonable doubt , it must acquit a defendant in a criminal case , he added .
“ I think today , the accuracy of the polygraph test is probably well into the 90 percentile range , ” said Atty .
John J. Dixon of Youngstown , who devotes most of his practice to criminal defense .
Eyewitnesses , who some believe offer the best evidence in criminal cases , “ might be right 65 to 70 percent of the time , ” he said .
“ The unfortunate moniker of voodoo science with the polygraph test has hurt ” the admissibility of the polygraph , he added .
The moniker “ voodoo science ” fits polygraphy quite well , and attorney John J. Dixon ’s deluded belief that it has an accuracy rate “ well into the 90 percentile range ” is a hazard to any clients who might accept legal advice predicated on this false notion .
The Vindicator also ran an article based on an interview with polygraph operator William D. Evans II , the outcome of whose “ test ” of Darryl Adams on Thursday , 21 June will determine the latter ’s fate :
Taking the test :
What to expect
Sunday , June 17 , 2007
Those showing deception often confess after the test , an examiner says .
AKRON — The Truth & Law Center is a free - standing , one - story office building featuring a blend of technology , law , psychology and physiology .
What happens inside , where the examinee is interviewed and attached to the polygraph equipment , could be a life - changing event .
Examinees put their fate in the hands of William D. Evans II , a lawyer and former Summit County Sheriff ’s Department detective , who has been administering polygraph exams for 30 years .
“ We like to try to relax the person coming in as much as we can , ” Evans said .
Soft rock music is piped into the waiting room , but not into the exam room , where distractions must be minimized .
To break the ice , several framed drawings of the Disney figure Pinocchio adorn an exam - room wall .
Lawyers , police and other authorized people may watch exams on a closed - circuit TV in a conference room near the exam room .
A pretest interview covers the biographical history and case facts relevant to the exam and ascertains physical or psychological issues that may require adjustments in the exam , Evans said .
The exam compares the body ’s reactions to control questions , such as : “ Is today Friday ? ” and questions relevant to the investigation .
The polygraph is best suited to questions that take a “ yes ” or “ no ” answer , Evans said .
What ’s measured On Evans ’ computer screen , the green line shows the examinee ’s respiration patterns , including oxygen intake , breathing rate , duration and volume and heart beat as measured by tubes wrapped around the examinee ’s upper and lower chest .
The red line shows upper and lower blood pressure as measured by a blood pressure cuff .
The yellow line records the opening and closing of sweat glands as measured by plates attached to the examinee ’s fingers .
Evans said questions in a murder investigation polygraph might be :
Do you know for sure who murdered Jane Lyons ?
Did you murder Jane Lyons ?
Did you help murder Jane Lyons ?
Can you take me to the Jane Lyons murder weapon ?
In the post - test interview , the examiner asks the examinee why he or she reacted in a certain way .
An examinee “ may very well confess ” to a crime when asked why he or she showed deception in response to a question relevant to the crime , Evans said .
A typical pre-employment exam for an applicant for a security - sensitive job takes 11 / 2 to two hours , including the pre- and post - test interviews , and Evans said he typically charges $ 200 to $ 350 for that .
A criminal case exam could take two to four hours , depending on the case complexity , and the bill could run $ 650 to $ 1,200 , Evans said .
Evans conducts exams in his office and on the road , visiting the Mahoning Valley frequently to test for local police and prosecutor ’s offices .
The Vindicator did readers a disservice by failing to accurately report how truth versus deception is actually determined in a polygraph “ test . ”
Conspicuously absent is any mention of the so - called “ control ” questions .
For a quick overview of the trickery on which the “ test ” relies , see the AntiPolygraph.org home page , and for a fuller exposition , see Chapter 3 of The Lie Behind the Lie Detector .
From Brian Ross at ABC News :
Rudolph Giuliani and his consulting company , Giuliani Partners , have served as key advisors for the last five years to the pharmaceutical company that pled guilty today to charges it misled doctors and patients about the addiction risks of the powerful narcotic painkiller OxyContin .
Federal officials say the company , Purdue Frederick , helped to trigger a nationwide epidemic of addiction to the time - release painkiller by failing to give early warnings that it could be abused .
Prosecutors say “ in the process scores died . ”
Drug Enforcement Administration officials tell the Blotter on ABCNews.com Giuliani personally met with the head of the DEA when the DEA ’s drug diversion office began a criminal investigation into the company .
According to the book “ Painkiller , ” by New York Times reporter Barry Meier , both Giuliani and his then - partner Bernard Kerik “ were in direct contact with Asa Hutchinson , the administrator of DEA . ”
Hutchinson told the Blotter on ABCNews.com today that Giuliani asked for a meeting , “ and we gave him a meeting . ”
Hutchinson says he was aware the company was under investigation at the time , and “ any time a company is under investigation I like to give them a chance to make their case . ”
Kerik told New York Magazine at the time that Giuliani had raised $ 15,000 in donations for a “ traveling museum operated by the DEA . ”
Some officials told ABC
News there were questions inside the agency of whether the donations were an attempt to influence the DEA .
The first pre-release of the reference implementation of ECMAScript Edition 4 ( a.k.a. JavaScript 2 ) is now available .
We 've created a new web site for information about the ECMAScript specification and reference implementation .
You can download source and binary forms of the reference implementation .
As we 've discussed before here on LtU , the reference implementation of ECMAScript is being written in Standard ML .
This choice should have many benefits , including :
to make the specification more precise than previous pseudocode conventions
to give implementors an executable framework to test against
to provide an opportunity to find bugs in the spec early
to spark interest and spur feedback from the research and user communities
to provide fodder for interesting program analyses to prove properties of the language ( like various notions of type soundness )
to use as a test - bed for interesting extensions to the language
This pre-release is just our first milestone , i.e. , the first of many " early and often " releases .
Neither the specification nor the reference implementation is complete , and this early implementation has plenty of bugs .
We encourage anyone interested to browse the bug database and report additional bugs .
We 're happy to hear your feedback , whether it 's bug reports or comments here on LtU or on the es4 - discuss mailing list .
Sodomy attracts tough punishments in conservative Pakistan
Witnesses said a 42 - year - old Afghan refugee held a marriage ceremony with a local tribesman of 16 in the remote Khyber region bordering Afghanistan .
Gay marriage is not legal in conservative Muslim Pakistan .
On hearing of the wedding , a tribal council told the pair to leave the area or be killed for breaking religious and tribal " values and ethics " .
' Pomp and show '
A local Urdu- language newspaper said the elder man , named as Liaquat Ali , had taken a local boy called Markeen as " his male bride " .
The paper said the boy 's impoverished parents accepted 40,000 rupees ( £ 380 ) for their son's hand in marriage .
" The marriage was held amid usual pomp and show associated with a tribal wedding , " it said .
Malik Waris Khan , a prominent local politician and former federal minister , confirmed to AFP that the marriage had taken place .
" I checked the report with people in Tirah Valley and they confirmed it , " he said .
Although it remains a taboo subject , homosexuality is relatively common in Pakistan , says the BBC 's correspondent Aamer Ahmed Khan in Islamabad .
Increasingly , gay couples are living together in some of the big cities such as Karachi and Islamabad , but gay marriages remain unheard of , he says .
Pakistani law punishes sodomy with imprisonment ranging from two years to life .
Some Islamic provisions prescribe 100 lashes for the act or even death by stoning .
A gay couple caught having sex were lashed publicly in the Khyber region in May .
🤖🏕🌞 Hi , I'm Dan .
I 'm an Android programmer at Basecamp and Hello Weather .
Here 's some of my writing .
DIGG THIS
While the Duke Non-Rape , Non-Kidnapping , and Non-Sexual Assault Case has resulted in the ouster of the miscreant Michael B. Nifong from his prosecutorial office in Durham , North Carolina , on the other side of the country it seems that the spirit of Nifongism lives on .
Furthermore , if justice truly is going to be served — and this Nifong case has placed prosecutors on notice — then either a prosecutor or his wife is going to have to share a cell with the recently - jailed Paris Hilton .
Now , even with The Nifong Show playing at full tilt in North Carolina , nothing has captured the public ’s attention more than the Paris Hilton affair in Los Angeles .
Yes , please spare me the " she broke the law and must pay the consequences " nonsense .
I suspect that had her name been Paris Jones , she would have spent almost no time in jail , and perhaps none at all .
However , since she was driving with a revoked license , perhaps Ms. Hilton might want to change her name to Michelle Delgadillo , the wife of the prosecutor who went after Hilton , Rocky Delgadillo .
It seems that Ms. Delgadillo has a similar driving record to the errant Paris , and I can say with certainty that I would not want to be a passenger in an automobile that either of them are driving — if I value my life .
In a recent news account , we have learned the following :
City Attorney Rocky Delgadillo got Paris Hilton jailed for violating probation for driving with a suspended license , then condemned her early release .
Now , he says he ’s embarrassed about the outstanding bench warrant for his wife , Michelle , the Los Angeles Times reported Wednesday .
Rocky Delgadillo said he did n’t know about it until this week and has urged his wife to remedy the situation .
“ My wife is embarrassed about this , and I am embarrassed as well , ” he said .
The couple also has been chronically late in paying fines for at least five parking tickets in the last three years , the newspaper reported .
One violation for parking in a red zone in December 2006 was not paid until the newspaper inquired about the tickets last month , by which time the $ 70 infraction had become a $ 174 fine with penalties .
However , as they say on late - night TV , " Wait , there ’s more ! "
On Monday , Delgadillo apologized for keeping quiet about a 2004 accident in which his wife crashed his city - issued vehicle while driving on a suspended license .
Delgadillo said he was reimbursing the city for the $ 1,222 repair .
The prosecutor has said Michelle Delgadillo ’s offenses are not comparable to those of Hilton , who is serving a 45 - day sentence for violating her probation in an alcohol - related reckless driving case .
In the latest disclosure , Michelle Delgadillo said she was “ very embarrassed ” and was working to resolve the arrest warrant issue as soon as possible .
“ I will do whatever the court instructs me to do .
I apologize for any embarrassment this has caused my husband and family , ” she said in a statement to the newspaper .
One can be sure that Ms. Delgadillo is not going to have to worry about spending several weeks in a cell or having to be humiliated in front of a judge .
After all , she is not Paris Hilton , and in this land of Two Americas , anyone who might have been born with a silver or even gold spoon by definition is an Enemy of the People .
Thus , even though it is clear that Hilton ’s blue Bentley was targeted by police and that she was treated much more harshly than is the situation with most people , anything less than having her hanged , drawn , and quartered for driving without a driver ’s license is not good enough .
Yes , Paris Hilton no doubt is not someone I would want one of my sons to marry , nor do I admire people who make porn videos of themselves having graphic sex .
But that is beside the point here .
Paris Hilton does not operate in my universe , nor is she someone who generally is going to occupy space in my head .
The issue , however , is not Paris Hilton nor her sex life , nor even her driving record .
The issue is this :
Her case proves to me that mob justice rules in the United States of America .
Furthermore , it also demonstrates to me that prosecutors generally get a free pass when it comes to breaking the law .
Yes , that is a bold statement to make after spending a week watching Michael Nifong making very public trips to the woodshed and being disbarred and unceremoniously kicked out of his office .
However , Nifong is just one prosecutor , and it took millions of dollars ( tax dollars , I must add ) and a Herculean effort on behalf of a number of people just to deal with his obvious lawbreaking .
Furthermore , Nifong only has lost his law license and his job .
He has not lost his freedom , despite lying to judges , withholding evidence , committing perjury , suborning perjury , engaging in obstruction of justice , and the like .
In fact , there currently are no criminal investigations that are going on , despite the fact that he was an in - your - face lawbreaker , and someone whose crimes did not involve peacefully driving a luxury car , but rather attempting to subvert the system of justice and knowingly send three innocent people to prison for 30 years .
Compare the troubles of Paris Hilton to those of Nifong and ask yourself who is the greater lawbreaker .
For that matter , compare Paris Hilton to Michelle Delgadillo and ask yourself who has been more flagrant in breaking the law .
Yet , Nifong collects a state pension , Delgadillo makes excuses , and Hilton sits in jail .
Of course , there was the public outcry when she first was let out of jail after four days and given house arrest .
Never mind that there were good reasons for doing so .
( It seems that Ms. Hilton realized that because any guard — male or female — could look into her cell through a window , a guard also could take pictures of her sitting on the toilet and then sell the pictures to the tabloids for thousands of dollars .
Now , I doubt anyone would want to take pictures of me on the john — or even Nifong , for that matter — but someone like Hilton is a different story . )
Thus , it is time to allude to my title .
Yes , there are Two Americas , but not the two of which the pathetic John Edwards speaks .
( He lives in a $ 5 million house — while criticizing others who are wealthy , so that is all we need to know about him . )
No , there truly are Two Americas , the one of government employees and politicians who are protected even while engaging in the worst kind of lawbreaking , and the other being the America in which the rest of us live .
Now , I really could not care less if Paris Hilton is driving her blue Bentley around Beverly Hills when the government says she cannot do so .
However , I do care when prosecutors ’ wives are permitted to flaunt the law and receive a free pass , and when prosecutors themselves can commit felony after felony and be treated as though they are " protecting " the people .
The state of affairs to which Edwards points is imaginary , in my opinion .
The Best of William L. Anderson
Yes , we 're aware CCFL displays eventually wear down and lose their brightness , but either there really is a huge difference in CCFL and LED , or the 8 - month old MBP we tested against in the photos had really worn down .
Our suspicion is that it 's a bit of both .
Standing in front of the white - LED backlight on the new MBP , it 's immediately apparent how crisp the whites are -- it 's very noticeable after staring into CCFL LCDs all day long .
But even though the whites were whiter , the screen did n't necessarily seem a lot brighter , which is probably where some amount of CCFL dimming on our test MBP came into play in creating the dramatic difference we saw .
Viewing angles were very similar on both machines , but as you 'll notice , at half brightness it 's the LED backlit MBP that 's dimmer , and the CCFL display that 's actually brighter .
Interesting stuff .
Note : People , seriously , the commentary about the desktop contents on the CCFL test laptop is irrelevant .
We borrowed the 2nd gen CCFL MacBook Pro it to do the test , ok ?
( Ours is a 1st gen MBP , which was a little older and would have surely skewed the results of the screen test . )
Just so you can rest easy that we 're not evil bad men pirating MPAA movies you can compare the serial numbers from our MBP with the MBPs tested in this post :
The bottom one is ours , and it's clear to see that it's the first gen ( MacBookPro1,1 ) and not the second gen ( MacBook Pro2, 2 ) or third gen ( MacBookPro3, 1 ) .
Sheesh , feel better now ?
Quantitative System Performance
Computer System Analysis Using Queueing Network Models
This text was published by Prentice - Hall , Inc. , in 1984 .
It remains the definitive work on analytic modelling of computer systems .
The publisher has returned the copyright to the authors , who make the material available here for viewing or downloading , in Adobe Acrobat PDF format ( free Acrobat reader available here ) .
START HERE --
The easiest way to access the book online is through the hyperlinked Table of Contents available through this link .
Want to download the entire text to your PC ?
21 MB zip file may be ftp'd here .
Russian translation of this page courtesy of StarMoz .
Belarussian translation of this page courtesy of Patricia Motosan .
Slovak translation of this page courtesy of Paula Nuculescu
Lovers of Roman - era art and archaeology can thank the Vatican 's parking problem for the discovery of one of the ancient world 's best preserved necropolises - right inside the tiny city - state 's walls .
The necropolis was opened three years after it was unearthed by workers who were breaking ground for a new garage to ease the Vatican 's dearth of parking space .
" We found the kind of things that have usually been lost in past excavations in Rome , " said Giandomenico Spinola , director of the excavation and restoration works .
Well whaddaya know :
It ’s only been three months since I wrote and posted the first chapter of the happy at work book and now the whole book is done ( minus one chapter which is almost done ) .
I ’m having trouble believing it myself :
Not only did I write a book in three months , I ’ve also taken a holiday in that time , worked on other projects and done a serious amount of blogging .
This means I actually wrote the book in twenty writing days , writing only before lunch .
So how’d I do it ?
Well the answer is obvious is n’t it ?
Clear goals , hard work , perseverance , sticking to it , eliminating distractions and writing no matter what , right ?
Wrong .
Wrong , wrong , wrong .
I tried that .
Did n’t work .
So I tried the exact opposite and that worked .
Here are my top 10 tips for fun , creative and productive writing , which can be applied to blogging , writing a book , an article , a report at work , a thesis , a term paper or any other major writing project .
1 : Go out and write
On writing days ( ie. days where I feel like writing and have nothing else to do before lunch ) I get up whenever I wake up ( typically around 7:30 or 8 ) then make my way down to a local café with free wifi .
I set up my laptop , order coffee and breakfast and start writing .
My desk at MJ Coffee
2 : Leave the laptop charger at home
Getting out of the house means I ’m not distracted by all of the other stuff I could / should do at home ( from washing the dishes to finally fixing that loose door handle ) .
Also the café has noise , music , people coming in and out and while this may not work for everyone , it ’s a nice level of distraction for me , and actually allows me to concentrate better than I do in a quiet office .
This may be the most important tip .
This way the battery life of my computer sets an upper limit to how long I can write .
I ca n’t sit there all day – I have 3 1/2 hours at the most .
This means I spend zero time surfing the web , checking up on news , etc …
Also , I could never write for a whole day .
I have about 2 - 3 good writing hours in me per day before the creativity , productivity and qualityof my writing starts to plummet .
3 : Decide on the structure first
I start by lining up all the chapters , so I know what sections the book has and which order they will come in .
I do n’t write the chapters in that order , and I also change this outline as I write .
But I do know where each chapter will fit , and approximately what it will contain .
This saves me from moving a lot of text around and it also makes it easier to write the chapters without always having to refer to something that ’s coming later in the book , something I find sloppy and indicative of a messy structure .
4 : Write what you want to write
Every morning , I work on the chapter that interests me the most that day .
Because I have the overall structure in mind , I do n’t need to tackle the chapters in sequence .
If I feel like writing about why happiness at work is important to you and me I do that .
If the question what is happiness at work is on my mind , I write about that .
This helps make the writing process fun and less of a chore .
There ’s a corollary :
If you do n’t want to write , do n’t .
Writing is rarely fun , productive or good when you ’re not in the mood .
Instead of forcing yourself to write , consider if there ’s something you can do to change that ( like going out to write ) or if maybe it ’s just time for a day off from writing .
5 : Work on it in your head before writing
One reason the writing can go so fast is that I know what I want to say .
I have spent a lot of time thinking , taking notes , talking to people and gathering stories and business cases about happiness at work .
Writing while at the same time finding out what to say takes a lot more time .
So find out what to write first .
Talk it over with other people .
Then write it .
6 : Work on two chapters in parallel
I always write on two chapters at the same time .
Well not at the exact same time , but on the same day .
One of these is almost finished and just needs a rewrite and some polish .
The other one I ’m just starting on , and this is where most of the actual writing happens .
The good thing about this approach is that I do n’t aim to finish a chapter the same day I start it – I can fill out most of it , but leave open questions or difficult sections to another day .
This also means that each writing session contains both “ original ” writing and re-writes , so the process is more varied .
Spending a whole morning just re-writing chapters is way too boring .
And finally this eliminates the practice of writing the whole thing and then doing reviews and rewrites – which only serves to make reviewing intensely unpleasant .
7 : Write alone
Even if you ’re working on a project together with someone else , do the actual writing alone .
Two ( or more ) people sitting at a computer arguing over each sentence is not a good use of people ’s time .
If you ’re collaborating with others then :
Decide on a structure for the whole project Decide who does what Do the actual writing alone
Then get together and compare notes
Never , ever do the actual writing together :o )
8 : Get feedback as you go
Because I post chapters straight to the blog , people are reading what I write right away , not in some distant future where the book may have been published and people may have bought it .
This gives the process an immediate pay - off that motivates me .
Also I get great feedback in the comments .
I have already gone back to previous chapters and updated them , based on the comments people leave .
Also , I get encouragement .
I ’m a sucker for praise , and the fact that people leave encouraging comments motivates me a lot .
9 : No deadlines or goals
I have had no specific targets or goals .
I did not set out to write half the book in 8 mornings – that would ’ve been serious hubris .
I have no deadline , no goal to write so many words per day .
I could never write to a specific deadline , because writing is a creative process .
I can do it when I ’m in the mood .
Trying to write when I ’m not , is a frustrating exercise in futility .
But having no deadlines does not mean I ’m slacking – I ’m actually looking forward to getting up in the morning to write .
This attitude is the basis for good writing .
To me , good writing can never be a chore .
To quote The Laziest Man in North America : “ If it feels like work , you ’re not doing it right . ”
The sci - fi author Lois McMaster Bujold tried this approach and to her great surprise found that she wrote more than twice as fast as when she was writing to a deadline .
She also had a lot more fun .
10 : Make it fast
While I have no fixed deadline I did decide to write the book quickly .
I could ’ve given myself half a year to write , but I prefer to immerse myself in the project for a short period of time as opposed to having it on the backburner for monhts on end .
This keeps the structure , content , tone and feel of the book consistent in my mind and makes the process easier and ultimately more efficient .
The result
The thing is , I ’ve started on a book before but had to stop again because I just could n’t focus on the writing or because I lost steam somehwere along the way .
But this time I ’ve found a process that works very well for me and this has made writing :
Fun – I just ca n’t wait to write , it ’s that much fun
– I just ca n’t wait to write , it ’s that much fun Productive – I mean a book in 20 days …
– I mean a book in 20 days …
Creative – I ’m taking some chances and trying a lot of things I have n’t tried before
– I ’m taking some chances and trying a lot of things I have n’t tried before Good – I like what I ’m writing , and it ’s really high quality for what is essentially a first draft
And the very best thing is coming out of the café with the really , really great feeling that “ MAN , this is fun and MAN I ’m proud of my work ” .
That is what writing should feel like !
I do n’t know if these tips could work for you .
They ’re very different from traditional writing tips , which focus mostly on setting goals , concentrating , eliminating distractions and generally sticking to it no matter how unpleasant it gets .
Unsurprisingly , I focus more on trying to make the process natural and fun – after all , the book I ’m writing is about being happy at work – writing it has to be fun or it just wo n’t work .
Try some of these tips out on your next writing assignment or project .
Be sure to experiment and find out what works for you .
Done right , it transforms writing from a chore to something you actively enjoy and look forward to .
And that is guaranteed to result in better writing .
If you liked this post I ’m pretty sure you ’ll also enjoy these :
Thanks for visiting my blog .
If you 're new here , you should check out this list of my 10 most popular articles .
And if you want more great tips and ideas you should check out our newsletter about happiness at work .
It 's great and it 's free :-)
Welcome back to the blog .
Want to learn more about happiness at work ?
Sign up for our intensive in - depth 3 - day Woohoo Academy training .
And if you want more great tips and ideas you should check out our newsletter about happiness at work .
It 's great and it 's free :-)
Share this : LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pinterest
The materials here are superceded by the in- progress book Certified Programming with Dependent Types .
Interactive Computer Theorem Proving
( CS294 -9 Fall 2006 )
Instructors : Adam Chlipala and George Necula .
When : Thursday 2:00 - 3:30
Where : Soda 310
Code Library
To make projects easier , we are developing a Coq library containing common data structures and other useful tidbits .
Project Information
Each group will have a 25 - minute slot ( including questions ) to present its class project in one of the last two classes , which are Tuesday , December 5 , and Thursday , December 7 .
Written project reports ( which should be about 5 pages long ) are due on the Monday after classes end , December 11 .
More details will follow .
Resources :
Schedule
OpenOffice.orgはサービスの1つとして実行できることをご存じだろうか。この機能に関しては、ちょっとした利用法がある。それは、OpenOffice.orgをドキュメントのファイルフォーマットの変換エンジンとして立ち上げておき、Webベース型インタフェースやコマンドライン系ツールを介して操作するという使い方である。ただしこうした形でOpenOffice.orgのファイル変換機能を利用するには
JODConverter の助けを借りなければならない。
ここで解説するファイル変換エンジンとして使用する場合、OpenOffice.orgはサービスの1つとして起動しておく必要がある。これはつまり、GUIを省いた形でOpenOffice.orgを実行させ、特定ポートへの接続を監視させるということである。Linux環境の場合、下記のコマンド指定でOpenOffice.orgを起動させることでそうした処理が行える。
soffice - headless - accept= " socket , port=8100 ;urp ; "
Windows環境の場合は、下記のコマンドを実行すればいい。
" C: \Program Files\OpenOffice.org 2.2\program\soffice " - accept= " socket , port=8100 ;urp ; "
次はJODConverterの準備である。これはJavaベースのツールであり、その使用に際してはJava Runtime Environmentのバージョン1.4以上をインストールしておかなければならない。そして最新バージョンのjodconverter-tomcat-x.x.x.zipパッケージをダウンロードして、各自のホームディレクトリに展開しておく。後はbinディレクトリのstart.shスクリプト（Windowsの場合はstart.bat）を用いてJODConverterを実行させればいい。
sh jodconverter - tomcat-2.1.1/bin/startup.sh
な おUbuntuの場合は、JAVA_HOME変数が未設定である旨のエラーメッセージを出されることがある。この問題に関しては「 locate / rt.jar 」コマンドによ りJava Runtime Environmentの格納位置を確認してから、下記のように変数設定を施せばいい（ディレクトリはlocateコマンドで確認したものとする）。
export JAVA_HOME=/usr/lib/jvm/java-1.5.0-sun-1.5.0.11
上記のコマンドを各自の/home/ユーザ/.bashrcファイルに登録しておくと、JODConverterを起動するごとに先の操作を手作業で実行しなくて済むようになる。あるいは/etc/bash.bashrcファイルに登録しておくと、全ユーザが適用対象となる。
次にWebブラウザを起動し てhttp://localhost:8080/converterというアドレスにアクセスすると、Webインタフェース形式による簡易的な操作画面が表示されるはずである。実際の操作としては、この画面から変換対象のファイルおよび変換後のフォーマットを選択して、Convert!ボタンをクリックすればいい。
ここまでの解説では、OpenOffice.orgとJODConverterを同一のマシン上で実行していることを前提にしている。実際には、他のマシン上でサービスとして実行されているOpenOffice.orgに接続させるよう、JODConverterを設定することも可能である。具体的な手順については「 Art of Solving 」 のWebサイトに詳しく解説されているので、そちらを参照して頂きたい。
ドキュメントの変換はコマンドラインからも実行することができ、その手順も簡単である。まずは最新版のjodconverter-x.x.x.zipパッケージをダウンロードしておき、各自のホームディレクトリに展開しておく。次にOpenOffice.orgをサービスの1つとして起動しておけば、「 java - jar lib/ jodconverter -2.1.1.jar 」というコマンドを用いてドキュメントの変換が行えるようになる。実際の使用法としては下記のように変換元ファイルと出力先ファイルを指定すればいい。
java - jar jodconverter-2.1.1/lib/jodconverter-2.1.1.jar loremipsum.odt loremipsum.pdf
必要な操作はこれだけである。OpenOffice.org以外の形式で作成されたファイルを変換し直すケースが多い場合、この機能は理想的なドキュメント変換ツールとして使えるはずである。
Dmitri Popovは、フリーランスのライターとして、ロシア、イギリス、アメリカ、ドイツ、デンマークのコンピュータ雑誌に寄稿している。
NewsForge.com 原文
We all watched the Mark Green / Fernando Ferrer Democratic primary with gusto , expecting September 11th to be the day a new Mayor of New York was selected .
None of us knew , obviously , that day would have far bigger consequences for the future of the city , our country and our world .
But the horrors struck our nation in New York , Pennsylvania and Washington DC and things changed .
Obviously , one of the major changes was that the primary for New York City Mayor was scuttled and had to be postponed .
Rudy Giuliani rose to the occasion that day .
Even those of us who think he was a bully and lousy administrator admit that .
Even those who think he is a terrible person for the way he has treated his family admit that .
He was central casting hero standing in front of the cameras telling us that while we 'd lived through a horror , we had lived and we would get our revenge .
But in the following days we got to see the real Giuliani .
It 's easier to be heroic in front of cameras while people are afraid .
Strongmen for all time have been able to do that , gathering the fears of the people together into a small place and whipping them up into a frenzy of passion that lifts the strongman to greater power .
Giuliani knew that , and tried to benefit .
On September 26 , 2001 – two weeks after the worst attack on our mainland since the Civil War – Giuliani proposed that he be able to hold on to his office for three more months .
How to extend his term -- something the mayor and his advisers insist is needed to ensure a more rapid recovery for the city -- has been very much on the mayor 's mind for at least part of the week .
Mr. Giuliani and his aides have contacted lawmakers and business leaders to see if there is support for a challenge to the term - limits laws adopted twice by voters , and to see if legislators would accept an emergency extension of his term .
Some argue that either move would require state legislation ; lawmakers have responded coolly to altering the term - limits law .
There was no law that supported such an extension , no tradition that offered it , no constitutional power that allowed it .
Giuliani simply thought that the law of his city , state and nation should be aborted for his own personal glory .
Let me say that again : Rudy Giuliani used the most horrific moment of the last fifty years to try to maintain power for himself ..
For some reason , this attempted and rebuffed coup d'etat is a matter of non-history .
It never happened , and has been conveniently forgotten by the bulk of not only American people but also the media and the political intelligentsia .
But it is a big freaking deal .
In a time when we could be hit by terrorists at any moment Rudy Giuliani is seeking to be our leader .
He wants to be the guy with the most power in our country , not only over the proverbial button but also able to suspend habeas corpus and arrest people and torture them without court review .
And when his city was touched , horribly , by terrorism he spent two weeks of considering his options .
Even after democracy continued and the primary had been revoted in the face of a terrorist attack , Rudy Giuliani still thought the best thing to do was suspend the law of the land and give him the power for " just a little longer " until the crisis was averted .
That 's bad enough in itself .
But it was the courage of Democrat Fernando Ferrer to tell Rudy to stuff it that stopped this usurpation of democratic control of our country .
Ferrer was the only primary candidate who opposed this plan .
Democrat Mark Green said it was OK as long as he still got four years after Giuliani was done .
Bloomberg was fine with it .
Republicans Governor George Pataki and Senate Majority Leader Joseph L. Bruno were willing to let Giuliani do whatever he wanted .
But Ferrer stood in the way .
A Democrat , one of those people Giuliani recently decried as unable to respond to terrorism , said that we should allow the democratic process to proceed in the face of terrorism .
In essence , he said we cannot allow our ideals and our democratic way of life to be changed because some assholes attacked us .
That was a tough stand to take , and it hurt his political career while helping our country .
Ferrer was right , and Giuliani was wrong .
And we know that because the normal American election happened on the first Tuesday after the first Monday of November .
As a result of his courageous stand Ferrer lost the runoff to Mark Green , and as a result of Giuliani 's fear mongering Mark Green lost the general election to Mike Bloomberg .
And on January 1 , 2002 , as scheduled and as determined by the rule of law , Mike Bloomberg took office as the Mayor of the City of New York , the state of New York , the United States of America .
In the face of terrorism , in the face of fear , in the face of the greatest national moment since Pearl Harbor the normal election process continued and the people peaceably and freely elected a new leader .
And the transition went smoothly , and nothing was the worse for wear .
Fernando Ferrer was right , the American Way of democracy and the rule of law was proven right .
Rudy Giuliani and the impulse to trash the rule of law was proven dead wrong .
Now he wants to be President , with even more power .
If the country were to face another major attack on our soil , Giuliani is likely to once again seek a power grab that would make President Bush 's look like nothing .
He has already tried it once , but he did n't have the power to make it stick .
And he would do it again if he had the chance .
« Cognitive Seduction and the " peekaboo " law | Main |
What our readers want you to read ! »
How to Build a User Community , Part 1
Most user communities take a typical path -- the newbies ask questions , and a select group of more advanced users answer them .
But that 's a slow path to building the community , and it leaves a huge gaping hole in the middle where most users drop out .
If we want to keep beginning and intermediate users more engaged ( and increase the pool of question answerers ) , we need them to shift from asker to answerer much earlier in their learning curve .
But that leaves two big questions ...
1 ) How do we motivate them ?
2 ) How do we keep them from giving lame answers ?
Actually , this is n't the biggest problem with most user communities .
The real deal - killer is when a new or beginning user asks a " dumb " question .
Most supportive , thriving user communities have a culture that encourages users to ask questions , usually through brute - force moderation with a low - to - no - tolerance policy on ridiculing a question .
In other words , by forcing participants to " be reasonably nice to newbies " , beginners feel safe posing questions without having to start each one with , " I know this is probably a dumb question , but ... "
It was precisely that idea that led to the original javaranch ... in 1997 , the comp.lang .
java newsgroup was just too nasty a place to ask questions .
Even if you were brave enough to ask an obviously stupid one , the slamming you got was enough to make it your last .
And without users asking questions , the community evaporates .
But most user communities -- especially the new ones -- are n't hurting for people asking for help , they 're in desperate need of people willing to help the newbies .
And one of the quickest ways to keep a user community from emerging is when questions go unanswered .
So the real problem is getting people to answer questions .
Encouraging a " There Are No Dumb Questions " culture is only part of the solution .
What we really need is a " There are No Dumb Answers " policy .
The best way to grow a user community is to get even the beginners to start answering questions .
The more they become involved , the more likely they are to stick with it through the rough spots in their own learning curve , and we all know that having to teach or explain something to another person accelerates our own understanding and memory of the topic .
The problem , of course , is that the beginners are ... beginners .
So , here are a few tips used by javaranch , one of the most successful user communities on the planet ( 3/4 million unique visitors each MONTH ) :
1 ) Encourage newer users -- especially those who 've been active askers -- to start trying to answer questions
One way to help is by making sure that the moderators are not always the Ones Who Know All .
Sometimes you have to hold back the experts to give others a chance to step in and give it a try .
2 ) Give tips on how to answer questions
Post articles and tips on how to answer questions , which also helps people learn to communicate better .
You can include tips on how to write articles , teach a tough topic , etc .
3 ) Tell them it 's OK to guess a little , as long as they ADMIT they 're guessing
4 ) Adopt a near - zero - tolerance " Be Nice " policy when people answer questions
Do n't allow other participants ( especially the more advanced users ) to slam anyone 's answer .
A lot of technical forums especially are extremely harsh , and have a culture where the regulars say things like , " If you think that , you have no business answering a question .
In fact , you have no business even DREAMING about being a programmer .
Better keep your paper hat day job , loser . "
5 ) Teach and encourage the more advanced users ( including moderators ) how to correct a wrong answer while maintaining the original answerer 's dignity .
And again , zero - tolerance for a ** holes .
All it takes is one jerk to stop someone from ever trying it again .
6 ) Re-examine your reward / levels strategy for your community
Is there a clear way for new users to move up the ranks ?
Are there achievable , meaningful " levels " ?
I 'd love to hear some examples of other user communities you think are doing a good job at this .
Javaranch is n't perfect , but it's one of the best I 've seen ( again , all the best stuff there happened after I turned it over to Paul Wheaton , so I can't really take credit ) .
Also , before you point out counter - examples of successful communities like slashdot ... remember , I 'm talking about user communities -- people using a particular product or service -- and not just any community .
I 'm sure there are tons of , say , political forums where a " be nice " policy is not only unneccessary , but most likely impossible .
Your ideas ?
Posted by Kathy on December 3 , 2006 | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451b44369e200d83462008169e2
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference How to Build a User Community , Part 1 :
» Nurturing a User Community from Content Blog
Communities die down soon if there are no lively discussions happening there and lively discussions are always triggered by contentious debates .
... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 4 , 2006 6:11:27 AM
» Kathy Sierra on Building User Communities ... from SVSD Classroom Technology
Kathy Sierra of Creating Passionate Users fame has hit a home run with her post on Building a User ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 4 , 2006 10:12:21 AM
» How to Build a User Community ( on sites like Indianpad ) , Part 1 from IndianPad
How to Build a User Community ( on sites like Indianpad ) , Part 1 posted at IndianPad.com [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 4 , 2006 10:39:17 AM
» There are no dumb answers from SmartTechWriting
I was reading this today and it dawned on me how our local user communities ( I belong to a PDA user group and a Macintosh user group ) seem to have a very low tolerance to dumb answers .
Part of creating ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 4 , 2006 11:34:05 AM
» On Building a User Community from IT : Instructional Technology
Kathy Sierra , one of the Head First authors , has an extremely useful and well thoughtful post on Building a User Community .
This is a post from someone who gets community , and idea of sharing with , rather than feeding from , a ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 4 , 2006 8:59:21 PM
» Useful Diagrams from Confluence : Susanne Dickel
How can people cocreate information environments ?
! cocreation.png thumbnail !
Credentials : Gene Smith ( atomiq.org ) Types of Engagement !typesofengagement.png thumbnail !
Credentials : Wiredset link to article [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 6 , 2006 3:16:09 AM
» Interesting Finds : December 6 , 2006 from Jason Haley
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 6 , 2006 8:13:02 AM
» http://www.fullcirc.com/weblog/2006/12/if-you-facilitate-user-community-read.htm from Full Circle Online Interaction Blog
Do you facilitate , lead , support , design or mess with an online community focused on users of a product or service ?
Go to How to Build a User Community , Part 1 , read and then watch for part 2 . ... In looking at that diagram , there is one nit I would pi ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 6 , 2006 10:12:05 AM
» Useful Diagrams from Confluence : Susanne Dickel
How can people cocreate information environments ?
! cocreation.png thumbnail !
Credentials : Gene Smith ( atomiq.org ) Types of Engagement !typesofengagement.png thumbnail !
Credentials : Wiredset link to article [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 7 , 2006 2:52:51 AM
» A New Day from Daniel Crenna's Blog
On Tuesday , I attended the Vista launch in Toronto .
Is it a coincidence that I stepped off the road to the grass of self - employment the day before the event ?
Actually , yes .
But here I am anyway .
Michael Treacy reminded me that [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 7 , 2006 8:29:08 PM
» Foster your communities of practice by getting members to answer questions from Anecdote
Kathy Sierra had made an astute observation about user communities : they thrive if more people , from novice to expert , ask and answer questions .
In fact , Kathy focuses on how to get more people answering questions and in particular how to ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 20 , 2006 2:22:19 PM
» samenwerken from elke's
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 30 , 2006 7:44:10 AM
» Useful Diagrams from Confluence : Susanne Dickel
How can people cocreate information environments ?
! cocreation.png thumbnail !
Credentials : Gene Smith ( atomiq.org ) Types of Engagement !typesofengagement.png thumbnail !
Credentials : Wiredset link to article [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 11 , 2007 2:54:44 AM
» Neuroscience , Newspapers , Community Building AndCoffee from My Errant Mind
Its raining out and good weather to just relax and have some coffee , though the squirrels in the back - yard dont seem to mind .
But , bad weather is moving in , however The presence of a defective TrkB molecule ( or the absence altogeth ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 14 , 2007 6:48:51 PM
» Useful Diagrams from Confluence : Susanne Dickel
How can people cocreate information environments ?
! cocreation.png thumbnail !
Credentials : Gene Smith ( atomiq.org ) Types of Engagement !typesofengagement.png thumbnail !
Credentials : Wiredset link to article [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 13 , 2007 7:35:24 AM
» Useful Diagrams from Confluence : Susanne Dickel
How can people cocreate information environments ?
! cocreation.png thumbnail !
Credentials : Gene Smith ( atomiq.org ) Types of Engagement !typesofengagement.png thumbnail !
Credentials : Wiredset link to article [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 27 , 2007 3:35:48 AM
» Building a UserCommunity from -- was einer so denkt --
Ein Artikel über User Communities , wie man den Leuten zum Fragen brengt , und wie man sie zum Antworten bringt .
Inspirierend .
Über folgendes Problem : Das ist einer von vielen interressanten Artikeln im Blog von Kathy Sierra ( und Dan Russell ) .
... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 28 , 2007 1:42:29 PM
Comments
The Game Programming Wiki ( http://gpwiki.org) has a fairly good community in terms of people answering questions and friendliness .
Also , the main site is a wiki , so that 's gotta count for bonus points !
Posted by : Ryan Fox | Dec 3 , 2006 6:39:46 PM
The Harley - Davidson Sportster Forum ( www.xlforum.net) does a pretty good job at most of these things , but I think that some of these things just happened organically , without an explicit explanation to the community of why it needs to be like this .
The things that make it good are things you 've listed that just seem to happen without any push from the top .
I am going to share your list with the moderators there .
Maybe they have a list like this already , I 'm not sure .
One thing I am sure of though is that Harley - Davidson riders are a pretty passionate group already , so we just need to channel their energy into making the XL Forum THE BEST instead of one of the best .
Posted by : Chris Hajer | Dec 3 , 2006 7:45:09 PM
Hi Kathy , great post ... The best community in action that I have seen is the SAP Developer Network ( https://www.sdn.sap.com/).
The last time I heard , there were over 1 million registered users with over 500K unique visitors per month .
They do use a points system for recognition where the person who asks the question gives out points according to how helpful the answer was .
The average time to get an answer to a question now is something ridiculous like 15 minutes .
You could n't get that kind of service if you called the SAP help desk directly !
SAP also gives out shirts , conference admissions , and other prizes for top contributors .
However I think the best recognition is the reputation ( a.k.a. geek cred ) that one can build for themselves in the community .
-ewH
Posted by : ewherrmann | Dec 3 , 2006 8:22:50 PM
I do n't know if I agree with intermediates giving answers .
They can relate experiences as you say .
This usually works well when others have similar experiences and can share ideas .
However , you must realise that the bell curve is in action here .
Intermediates will give as many good answers as bad answers .
Bad answers tend to have a life of their own and are difficult to kill off .
Leader must lead .
Asking others to do that job is recipe for disaster because it gets people to become overconfident ( eventually with wrong answers ) before they 've been around long enough to be humbled .
Posted by : Vorlath | Dec 3 , 2006 8:23:31 PM
Great post .
I 'm a regular poster on a SAS help forum at Tek - tips which is extremely small ( SAS being kind of a niche market I guess ) but very helpful and friendly .
A while back I joined a group on Google Groups , which was a link into the SAS - L group , which I dropped out of really quickly , which was due to an example I think you touched on in one of your points .
I'm a programmer with 8 years experience and one thing I know is that there are always multiple ways to do the same job , and some are better than others in various different scenarios , but there 's rarely a " The Best " .
After answering a particular users question , and receiving a brutal , and completely inaccurate savaging from another programmer , I bowed out and have n't been back since .
And this , in alot of communities , seems to be a major issue .
You get experts , people who genuinely do know alot about the subject , who get far too emotionally involved in their way of doing things , and this will put people off every time .
I go on the Tek - Tips forum , not just to help people out , but also to stretch my mind , solve puzzles I would n't otherwise see , and learn alternative ways of solving them from the other posters , no to get into an argument over which technology is better than the other .
Tek - Tips incidentally employs a points system where people can vote for useful tips , and MVPs get listed on the side of each technology 's forum ( I 'm pleased to say I 've been there for a while now as ChrisW75 :-) and that 's a great incentive to be nice and helpful .
http://www.tek-tips.com/threadminder.cfm?pid=376
One other thing that counted against the Google SAS Group was the size .
So many posts that I could n't keep up , so questions get dropped out too quickly ( obviously I was n't the only one answering though ) , possibly without an answer .
Getting too successful could well be a major stumbling block in building a community feel , the difference between living in a small village where you know everyone , and living in central London or New York for instance .
Posted by : CodeMonkey | Dec 3 , 2006 11:03:56 PM
There is one thing that seems to differ between helpful , supportive communities and the other type .
And that is the motivation of the members of that community .
I have n't been there in a while now , but one of the most helpful and supportive communities that I 've seen was the development arm of the linuxchix site .
The one thing that seemed to be consistent amongst all of the participants seemed to be the motivation to " be helpful " .
( another example of a fantastically supportive community that someone told me about was a group of motorbike enthusiasts .
Questions about how to tune / build / reconstruct bikes would be met with descriptive answers , photos and more than one case where another member of the group deliberately went and dismantled part of their own bike to be able to better write their answer )
Contrast that to another linux mailing list that I was on at about the same time , which was more akin to a daily bloodbath .
And , correspondingly , it felt like the motivation of the people there was not to be helpful , but to show how much smarter and more knowledgable they were than everyone else ... and if they could do that by stamping their feet and beating their chests , all the better .
Kathy mentioned slashdot as an example of a successful community - whilst it 's successful in terms of longevity and numbers of particpants , it seems to have more than it 's fair share of bloodsport as well .
Assuming that this motivation observation has anything to do with it ( btw , is there such a thing as a stupid observation ? ;-) ) the thought that springs to mind is whether there is any way to shape the motivation of the participants - or is dissuading those who do n't fit in with the rest community the best that you can hope for ?
eg .
The points system that CodeMonkey mentioned ( and has been mentioned in other articles here ) is only going to work if everyone accepts that the way to " get to the next level " is by accumulating points .
So does that mean that only individuals who are attracted by that system stay ?
Or does it mean that everyone will modify their behaviour to conform ?
Posted by : omni | Dec 3 , 2006 11:32:36 PM
We Learn …
10 % …of What We Read
20 % …of What We Hear
30 % …of What We See
50 % …of What We See and Hear
70 % …of What We Discuss With Others
80 % …of What We Experience Personally
95 % …of What We Teach Others
– William Glasser
Posted by : peterd | Dec 4 , 2006 2:07:57 AM
www.linuxquestions.org is a community I recently joined and it seems to be treating newbies really well .
The thing about Slashdot is , yeah it is full of people who are really smart and generally screw a noob .
But that is what makes it so powerfull .
For a fantastic discussion of any news , there is no substitute for Slashdot .
Sure you could use digg to find news before slashdot , but you need Slashdot to make sense of it .
Posted by : duryodhan | Dec 4 , 2006 2:47:26 AM
You have to imagine a community where intermediate users provide answers mainly because the experienced ones prefers to earn money rather to lose time answering the same questions .
Like " how do I send an email from php ? " or " how do I submit a form ? " .
Posted by : xandr | Dec 4 , 2006 3:36:23 AM
I have to wonder about the motivation of the less helpful users that you describe - what is the purpose of their membership of a forum ?
As a complete geek outsider , I can only assume it falls into the category of circle jerking or virtual dick - waving !
The problem therefore lies not in the intermediates but the high - end jerks raining down on all " beneath " them .
From a personal level , my experience of asking for technical advice ranging , I would guess , from the simple to the intermediate across issues such as blogging , html and hardware purchase , I have only had good responses but I wonder if this is a function of choosing the right people to ask ?
To replicate this within a forum would ( it seems naively to me ) be simple to achieve .
Since you already intuitively categorise users in a hierarchy of expertise , instigate some sort of mechanism by which learners questions are only directed to the intermediates , thus avoiding the apparently heinous crime of offending the sensibilities of the ubergeeks !
This would encourage the intermediates to participate because the questions would largely be answerable by them and be received from questioners at an experience level that was still within the intermediate 's own recent memory so that an empathy would exist .
If a question falls outside the average then , of course , the system should be flexible enough to allow referral to the advanced users , but the inherent filtering process should minimise the RTFM response quotient .
I assume critically that the nature of fora would allow such an infoprmation flow to occur far less bureaucratically than is the case with the type of hideous management reporting system that it might appear to resemble .
Posted by : John Dodds | Dec 4 , 2006 4:35:49 AM
I have been considering setting up or getting organisationally involved in an online discussion forum / community for quite a while , for exactly the reasons you describe Kathy ( also for several reasons that have come up in comments here ) .
I have been programming since I was 10 years old ( in a small way - never quite at a " production " level - I have done mostly personal tools , games and freelance bits and pieces that still run ok ) and over the last 20 years the biggest stumbling block for me has been knowledge acquisition .
I am an autodidact and can learn anything from a book and some practice but I do n't like going out and buying a book off the shelf with no ' a priori ' knowledge and no idea whether the book is any good or not .
The internet has been wonderful for me in that it is full of helpful people who are happy to pass on their knowledge ; it is also full of helpful people who are happy to pass on knowledge and actually know what they are talking about ; it is also full of people who really know very little but like to think they are gurus and people who just like to stir trouble ...
Which makes it pretty full of " data " !
Without knowledge - this data can be hard to sift for " information " .
As has been amply discussed above - many communities are hard to get along in , especially for a " trial and error " , " lots of guesswork " kind of bloke like me .
I can come across as a complete newbie when asking a question because - while I may have read around the subject for ages and fiddled a lot - I have never tried anything practical before .
I get really irked when pounded / slammed / flamed as a " stupid " newbie ; I have a degree , I have done my homework and I have been doing this kind of thing for two thirds of my life and ten years as a professional .
I have always gone out of my way to help anyone who asked me and I get quite annoyed when other people do n't have the same idea of ethical capital / karma / whatever your flavour .
If I ever get round to setting up an online community ( or get involved with one with a view of making " change " )
I 'll drop you a link and see what you think ( advice is always good ) .
On an aside : I agree entirely with the other commenters , as a biker , I have never found Motorcycle enthusiasts to be elitist in the way IT " experts " are .
A bike enthusiast will be just as keen to help a newbie as they would a bloke who can build an engine from the ground up but can't change the brake fluid on his new BMW cruiser .
They are very big on exchange of knowledge and in my experience seldom expect anything in return .
Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance is aptly named * grin *
Posted by : Salubri | Dec 4 , 2006 6:59:26 AM
A gazillion eons ago ( in internet years ) I used to answer questions in usenet newsgroups ; I concur heartily that ANSWERING questions is the best way to learn a subject .
In fact back in those days I would make it a personal quest to answer at least one question that had n't been answered every day , even if I did n't know the answer to start out .
The result : I learned things I never would have run across within my own work , and got a good rep for answering questions .
Plus it was fun and I learned a lot .
But from that experience I learned one other thing , and that is that the real problem for newbies is NOT that they do n't know things , it 's that they do n't know enough to know WHERE to ask questions .
And that peeved the old timers and the " experts " mightily .
But something I personally found particularly annoying : the " experts " did n't confine their peeved - edness to just blasting the newbies for asking bad questions , they also severely blasted any of us who were foolish enough to answer those " misplaced " questions .
Not that it made me stop , but I noticed that it did stop lots of other people from trying to help .
So I 'd like to make one other suggestion ... in addition to encouraging a climate of " there are no stupid questions " , you have to also avoid the culture that says " we 'll only answer your question if you know enough to tell what category it goes in .
But if you 're too dumb to know that your question about flooghoffs is really a mergle - gump issue , then nobody around here is going to talk to you . "
Posted by : kmm | Dec 4 , 2006 9:27:40 AM
WhatsOnMyBookshelf.com has an interesting way of rewarding experienced users by issuing a community investment point system .
The more invested you are in the community the more privileges you have while new users are limited to the amount of trades they can perform .
Posted by : Stevv22 | Dec 4 , 2006 12:17:38 PM
We are a neighbourhood community - mostly seniors , and we find that we have a hard enough time getting our members or their adult children to even visit our website .
So we do n't have a forum , but some of your ideas ( reward levels ) do resonate with us ...
Posted by : Sheppard West Neighbourhood Association | Dec 4 , 2006 1:12:20 PM
I remember googling for something a few days ago and getting 8 results , each a distinct forum .
Each one had someone who asked the question I had , and the reply everytime was " google it " .
Sometimes I wonder if people in forums just get used to using " google it " or " RTFM " , and if so , why are they still in the community ?
Meanwhile , these " answerers " get an extra post added to their stats for being insulting and utterly unuseful .
Posted by : Michel Parisien | Dec 4 , 2006 1:19:00 PM
This is good advice , and the reason that most of my own blog posts contain answers in the middle and questions at the end !
If I did things in the standard order , questions followed by answers , there would be less room for participation .
Posted by : Martial Development | Dec 4 , 2006 1:46:13 PM
Hey , part of my job is doing most of the answering on a mailing list about my company 's software development kits .
Many of the people using the list are students who can't stick around for more than a year or two ; and many of the questions are real simple for me ( who knows the SDK in detail ) and very hard or completely uninteresting to everyone else , so I do almost all of the answering .
I try to encourange a bit of dialog by prompting other list members with questions like " Does anyone else have another way to do this ? " or " Has anyone else tried something like this ? " especially when I can't really solve the asker 's problem .
It almost never works , but occasionally does and it 's exciting when it does .
So ,
Does anyone have any suggestions for web forum software that supports useful things for question - answer type communication ?
Specifically :
* Reputation points
* Flag posts with no responses and move them to the top
* Easy linking to / from another part of the website like existing online docs , wiki , knowlege base
* Flexible login requirements ( e.g. does n't require a login for all visitors )
* Excellent searching of past answers .
Thanks !
Reed
Posted by : Reed | Dec 4 , 2006 2:43:54 PM
One of the best examples I 've ever seen of a community that get 's it right is the forums for SBI subscribers .
SBI , from sitesell.com , is an internet marketing education bundled with a hosting package and all the tools you need to effectively build ( organic ) traffic .
I 'm a forum moderator and a very satisfied customer .
Given the breadth and depth of the material to be covered , the forums are an invaluable resource for subscribers who need help figuring things out , or just some feedback in the form of a review .
The credo there is " Help and be helped " and " pass it on " thereby explicitly informing all participants that they are expected to contribute , to not only be helped , but to help - to pass it on .
Bullies are not tolerated .
Moderators efficiently move misdirected posts to the correct section , curb thread drift by splitting threads , and enforce rules against self promotion , bad language , and bad behavior .
I think they manage to accomplish everything you recommend in this post .
( not me !
I moderate very low traffic sections and can't take credit for more than 0.05 % of the result )
Posted by : Pauli | Dec 4 , 2006 3:36:05 PM
I have a community of car wash operators , yeah I know , laugh it up .
Well I need a way to encourage posters , I have tried giving away prizes and that really did n't work .
I am looking for help !
My members are afraid to post on the thought that people would think their business methods are unprofessional or even dumb .
Posted by : allan branch | Dec 4 , 2006 3:47:45 PM
What a useful set of comments y'all have added here .
I leave my computer for a while and come back to find a ton of great information ... too much for me to comment on individually , but here are a few thoughts :
kmm :
Thank you so much for bringing that one in -- you 're right , that attitude of " it 's not a dumb question , but you 're too dumb to ask it in the right place ... " is just as bad .
I know how hard tough it can be to stay on top of this one as well as the one Michel mentioned :
Michel : Ahhh ... this is heavily discouraged at javaranch because it falls in the category of " that 's a dumb question " ( AND a genuinely dumb answer ) .
The moderators do their best to stop people from saying :
" Google it "
" Read the archives , this has been discussed to death already . "
" RTFM "
etc .
Giving rewards or levels based solely on the * quantity * of posts is not the best way to bring up the quality , BUT if the culture encourages quality ( or at least quality * attempts ) and discourages the kinds of answers you 're talking about , then quantity can still work .
If the totally - useless ( or worse , rude ) answers are tolerated , then you end up with a bad signal - to - noise .
Good comment , thanks for bringing this up !
Stev22 : I 'm going to check this out .
I like the idea of gaining privileges as you go , not just a " label " .
Makes it more like a video game level .
John :
The intermediates are n't the problem -- they 're the ones we need to recruit .
But you 're right -- there 's a HUGE issue with some of the experts either trying to keep the newbies out ( which is why I mentioned in the " jargon " post that you often need a separate space so the advanced folks can " geek out " without being annoyed by -- or annoying -- the newbies ) , or with giving bad answers .
Often , the bad answers are just because they have forgotten what it was like to be clueless on this topic ...
If you get people to answer questions or help other users who they ( the answerers ) are only just a step or two above , takes care of a lot of the ego -- instead of eye - rolling , you get an " I feel your pain ...
I was just there myself ... " attitude , and these are also the people who tend to remember all those important steps they were confused about , that advanced users have collapsed into one big chunk .
ewherrmann : I think the SAP dev network is doing SO many things well in the ' passionate users ' realm .
We could all take some notes on what you guys are doing , if only someone there would give us some more tips .
Hint .
Hint .
Chris :
Thanks for the Harley comment -- it really IS about culture , and you 're right -- it 's quite possible that the most supportive and useful one emerged organically , but left to their own devices , I 've seen the majority of * tech * communities become pretty hostile places .
Then if you feel mistreated there , you 're simply told that if you do n't have a thick enough skin , you do n't deserve to be there anyway .
Kind of a , " If you ca n't stand the heat , stay out of the kitchen " thing .
Perhaps in a community of users that 's more hobby / passion - based than , say , profession - based , people tend to be more supportive .
After all , they 're more likely to want to evangelize and encourage others to join in , rather than the other way 'round .
Posted by : kathy Sierra | Dec 4 , 2006 4:15:38 PM
Wow , thanks to the above poster for the whatsonmybookshelf link - I 've been searching everywhere for a book community like that for recommendations , reviews , etc .
Posted by : Bob King Neverland III | Dec 4 , 2006 5:39:06 PM
Kathy , your comment " Often , the bad answers are just because they have forgotten what it was like to be clueless on this topic ... " is spot on .
It 's not a typical user community , but for our office Java Learning Groups , we look to the " intermediates " to lead the way for the newer folks .
We welcome all the help we can get from the experts , but there 's something to be said for having just recently gone through the same experience .
Posted by : Bill Mietelski | Dec 4 , 2006 7:09:19 PM
Kathy ,
The hobbiest sites are just as bad .
I loved the Compuserve cooking forums , and grudgingly accepted rec.food .
cooking when we gave up our Compuserve account for the Internet , but , whew , the first thing I learned about newsreaders was KILLFILE .
There were too many answers of " do n't bother ... " " the only way ... " " the right way ... " " you never need ... " " you ca n't do it properly without ... " from the same people .
I think it's that they equated other opinions with challenges to their expertise .
forums.teamestrogen.com is a FANTASTIC forum for women bikers , er cyclists .
The " google it " answers are replaced by " I googled it , and this is what I found ... " or " I searched the forum archives , here 's the thread ... "
The forums are more than just Q&A ; storytelling is encouraged .
This encourages everyone .
Women post their goals and progress in getting there .
Everyone is civil and is expected to be civil .
The best example is a thread I can no longer find , wherein a dog - owner finally understands why her occasionally escaping dog really IS a menace to the cyclists whose tires he bites .
In any other forum there would have been flaming without understanding ; the posters at TE made the dog owner understand why this was n't accepted , even if she gave the cyclist a lift home and replaced the tire and tube .
Posted by : SusieJ | Dec 4 , 2006 8:37:01 PM
Once again you are right on cue , Kathy !
I 'm trying to put together effective communications for our entire team - developers and users - through blog forums and other documentation .
I was n't sure what to do to get us on the ' collaboration track . '
I 'm hoping our users are comfortable enough to ask the " dumb " questions and not feel bad , and I 'm hoping other users will feel like they can contribute to answers and say , " What worked for me was ... "
I 've been on the receiving end of a brutal flaming while answering a forum question .
Since I 'm entirely self - taught , I must not have used the proper terminology or something .
The solution I posted worked on my end , but a " pro " came on and basically told me I did n't know where my butt was located .
He then proceeded to give his own answer in much more complicated terms that I could n't follow .
After that I rarely post anywhere ( except here , of course ! ) :-) )
Thanks for the inspiration !
~ LanaB
Posted by : Lana | Dec 4 , 2006 8:56:54 PM
When I started programming , I had lots of great experiences on the microsoft c++ newsgroups .
Getting answers , and having the ability to answer early .
I have n't been doing ms or c++ for years now , so I do n't know about the atmosphere now .
I agree , though , that getting the people to answer soon is a big challenge .
I 'm using one products uses forum quite often now , and in fact it 's 75 % the companies developers answering question there .
This , too , is great , as they answer with a disclaimer .
' The company is not liable ' .
At user support you do n't get much answers , because of liability issues , but in the forum you get your answers , from the developer , in clear speech .
Cheers ,
Johan Steunenberg
Posted by : Johan Steunenberg | Dec 5 , 2006 1:28:06 AM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Here 's a roundup of some of the how - to articles that appeared on Torrent Freak over the past few months .
Might be useful to some of the new readers .
1 . How to optimize your BitTorrent download speed
BitTorrent can be fun , as long as you get decent speeds .
Not satisfied with your current speeds ?
These suggestions might help to optimize your download pleasure
2 . How to encrypt BitTorrent traffic
More and more ISP ’s are limiting throttling BitTorrent traffic on their networks .
By throttling BitTorrent traffic the speed of BitTorrent downloads decrease , and high speed downloads are out of the question .
3 . How to create a torrent
Torrents are great , they are the best way to share large files with your friends , or even with people you do n’t know at all .
But surprisingly enough , not many people create torrents when they need to share something .
4 . How to make a custom TV - torrent feed
All your favorite TV - torrents in one feed .
Let ’s create a feed for the latest 24 , Lost and Prison Break HDTV episodes .
5 . How to Organize your Torrents with uTorrent
Being a TorrentFreak is great of course , but all those downloaded torrents have the habit to make a mess out of your harddrive .
Do you still have all your downloaded stuff in a single folder ?
Take action , organize your torrents .
6 . How to Use Gmail to search torrents
Gmail is more than a useful email service .
In just a few steps you can turn it into your personal torrent search engine .
And by using labels and filters you can keep your inbox clean .
7. How to Speed up Bitcomet and uTorrent
I recently discovered that 90 % off all people use the default settings on their client , and that ’s a problem .
8 . How to talk like a BitTorrent expert
Because I sometimes implicitly assume that everybody is completely familiar with the BitTorrent jargon .
I decided to make a little BitTorrent dictionary to explain some of the nerdy stuff .
I hope this hope this is useful to some of you .
9 . How to find torrents
So Here it is , Torrent Freak ’s one and only top torrent sites + firefox search plugins , June 2006 .
No Login required .
Enjoy
July 29 , 2007  -- Crime - fighting beats privacy in public places : Americans , by nearly a 3 - to - 1 margin , support the increased use of surveillance cameras — a measure decried by some civil libertarians , but credited in London with helping to catch a variety of perpetrators since the early 1990s .
Given the chief arguments , pro and con — a way to help solve crimes vs. too much of a government intrusion on privacy — it is n't close : 71 percent of Americans favor the increased use of surveillance cameras , while 25 percent oppose it .
London 's surveillance network , known as the " Ring of Steel , " is said to have aided in the capture of suspects , including those accused of a pair of attempted car bombings in June .
A similar system is coming to New York City , which plans 100 new surveillance cameras in downtown Manhattan by year 's end and 3,000 — public and private — by 2010 .
Chicago and Baltimore plan expanded surveillance systems as well .
Critics , such as the American Civil Liberties Union , have opposed such systems , arguing that they invade privacy , and could be used to track innocent people .
Nonetheless , majority support for surveillance cameras crosses political , ideological and population groups , albeit with differences in degree .
Seniors are most apt to support the increased use of these cameras , with under -30s , least so ; Republicans more than Democrats ; women more than men ; higher educated people more than the less educated ; and whites more than African - Americans .
Through a political lens , support for increased use of surveillance systems is lowest , 62 percent , among Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents who support Barack Obama for president — and highest of all , 86 percent , among Republicans who support Rudy Giuliani , who made his name as New York City 's crime - fighting mayor .
METHODOLOGY — This ABC News / Washington
Post poll was conducted by telephone July 18 - 21 , 2007 , among a random national sample of 1,125 adults .
Additional interviews were conducted with an oversample of randomly selected African - Americans for a total of 210 black respondents .
The results have a three - point error margin .
Sampling , data collection and tabulation by TNS of Horsham , Pa .
In two decisions today the Supreme Court severely limited the ability of public school systems to use race as a factor in assigning students to schools :
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court on Thursday rejected integration plans in two major public school districts but left the door open for the limited use of race to achieve diversity in schools .
The decision in cases affecting how students are assigned to schools in Louisville , Ky. , and Seattle could imperil similar plans in hundreds of districts nationwide , and it further restricted how public school systems may attain racial diversity .
The court split , 5 - 4 , with Chief Justice John Roberts announcing the court ’s judgment .
The court ’s four liberal justices dissented .
“ The way to stop discrimination on the basis of race is to stop discriminating on the basis of race , ” Roberts said .
Yet Justice Anthony Kennedy would not go as far as the other four conservative justices , saying in a concurring opinion that race may be a component of school plans designed to achieve diversity .
To the extent that Roberts ’ opinion could be interpreted to foreclose the use of race in any circumstance , Kennedy said , “ I disagree with that reasoning . ”
“ A district may consider it a compelling interest to achieve a diverse student population , ” Kennedy said .
“ Race may be one component of that diversity . ”
He agreed with Roberts that the plans in Louisville and Seattle violated constitutional guarantees of equal protection
Because of Kennedy ’s unwillingness to sign on to Roberts ’ opinions , of course , the decisions do not go as far as they might have , but it is certainly a substantial step toward ending the idea that it is ever permissible for the government to discriminate on the basis of race .
Of course , not everyone on the Court felt the same way as Roberts , which led to an interesting little exchange between Justice Breyer and Justice Scalia on the legacy of the Court ’s decision in Brown v. Board of Education :
Justice Stephen Breyer , in a dissent joined by the other liberals on the court , said Roberts ’ opinion undermined the promise of integrated schools that the court laid out 53 years ago in its landmark decision in Brown v. Board of Education .
“ To invalidate the plans under review is to threaten the promise of Brown , ” Breyer said .
While Roberts said the court was being faithful to the Brown decision , Justice John Paul Stevens in a separate dissent called the chief justice ’s reliance on Brown to rule against integration “ a cruel irony . ”
Justice Clarence Thomas , the court ’s only black member , wrote a separate opinion endorsing the ruling and taking issue with the dissenters ’ view of the Brown case .
“ What was wrong in 1954 can not be right today , ” Thomas said .
“ The plans before us base school assignment decisions on students ’ race .
Because ‘ our Constitution is colorblind , and neither knows nor tolerates classes among citizens , ’ such race - based decisionmaking is unconstitutional . ”
I think Thomas clearly has the better argument here .
The reason that the Court ’s decision in Brown was correct is because it was wrong from the Topeka Board of Education to discriminate against students based on their race .
A plain reading of the 14th Amendment should have made that clear .
Unfortunately , the Court ’s opinion , along with decades of previous 14th Amendment case law , muddied the waters as much as it cleared them up because it relied more on social science studies of the detrimental impact of segregated schools on black children than it did on the plain fact of the matter that the 14th Amendment was clearly intended to make the Constitution colorblind .
Â
We ’ve been paying for the Court ’s mistaken reasoning in that case ever since .
WASHINGTON , June 28  With competing blocs of justices claiming the mantle of Brown v. Board of Education , a bitterly divided Supreme Court declared today that public school systems cannot seek to achieve or maintain integration through measures that take explicit account of a student ’s race .
Voting 5 to 4 , the court , in an opinion by Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. , invalidated programs in Seattle and metropolitan Louisville , Ky. , that sought to maintain school - by - school diversity by limiting transfers on the basis of race or using race as a “ tiebreaker ” for admission to particular schools .
Both programs had been upheld by lower federal courts and were similar to plans in place in hundreds of school districts around the country .
Chief Justice Roberts said such programs were “ directed only to racial balance , pure and simple , ” a goal he said was forbidden by the Constitution ’s guarantee of equal protection .
“ The way to stop discrimination on the basis of race is to stop discriminating on the basis of race , ” he said .
His side of the debate , the chief justice said , was “ more faithful to the heritage of Brown , ” the landmark 1954 decision that declared school segregation unconstitutional .
“ When it comes to using race to assign children to schools , history will be heard , ” he said .
THE FACTS
Many people rely on the microwave oven to make their food safe to eat .
But it may not always do the trick .
Contrary to conventional wisdom , microwaves heat food from the outside in , not from the inside out .
That can result in those all too familiar cold spots , which act as small pockets where bacteria can thrive .
A number of studies have linked this phenomenon to small outbreaks of food poisoning .
Image Credit ... Leif Parsons
One study , by researchers at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , was published in The American Journal of Epidemiology .
It looked at a salmonella outbreak after a picnic where dozens of people ate reheated roast pork .
Of 30 people studied , all 10 who used a microwave oven became sick , compared with none of the 20 who used a conventional oven or skillet .
Antivirus software is critical for every PC .
Without it , you risk losing your personal information , your files , and even the cash from your bank account .
We 've tested more than 40 utilities to help you pick the best antivirus protection for your computers .
1 hour , 11 minutes
C++、Java、Python、PHP、Rubyのコードを生成
巨大SNSを支える多言語混在RPC開発フレームワーク“ Thrift ”
全米で第6位のトラフィックを稼ぐ人気SNSサイト「Facebook」のコアモジュール「 Thrift」がオープンソースとして公開された（公式ブログ）。ライセンスは独自の「 Thrift Software License」（改変や再配布を許容している点はGPL同様のようだ）。Facebookは学生向けSNSとして2004年にスタートし、その後、学生以外にも会員を拡大。2007年2月現在の会員数は1700万人。アップロードされている写真点数は10億枚以上で、1日600万枚の画像がアップロードされるなど、画像共有サイトとして見てもFlickrよりも大きい。そんな急成長した巨大サイトを支えたのは、独自に作り上げた開発フレームワークだったようだ。
多数の言語で開発したモジュールをシームレスに統合
Facebookが、開発フレームワークとして自ら作成したのがThriftだ。“ thrift ” は「倹約」という意味で、開発コスト（労力）を最小限に抑える、というほどの意味が込められているようだ。その心は、プログラミング言語には、それぞれ向き不向きがあるので、それぞれの課題によって言語を使い分けよう、というものだ。
マーク・スリー氏はブログの中で、「 RSSをC++でパースする？
退屈だね。インメモリのサーチインデックスをPHPで構築する？ 理解を超える！」と書き、「ある言語を使うと、他の開発言語よりも速く、簡単に、エレガントに書けるものというのがある」と指摘する。利用可能なライブラリの種類や機能、性能にも言語ごとに違いがある。それぞれの言語やライブラリが持つ機能的な制限や、使いづらさにイライラするよりも、その課題に適したツールを使いたい――、それがThriftを開発した動機だという。急激なサイトの成長はシンプルなLAMPのアプローチでは対応できなかった、とホワイトペーパーで述べている。
Thriftは、シンプルで汎用的な記述言語を使って、型宣言とRPCのインターフェイス定義を行う。例えば、こんな風に：
service StringCache { void set ( 1:i32 key , 2:string value ) , string get ( 1:i32 key ) throws ( 1:KeyNotFound knf ) , void delete ( 1:i32 key ) }
この記述か らThriftは、C++、Java、Python、PHP、Rubyといった言語のコードを生成する。それぞれの課題をこなすモジュールは、言語の違いを超えて、RPCで互いにシームレスに協調動作する。
Facebookのコアメンバーは上記のホワイトペーパーの中で、こうしたアプローチが可能な既存の方法は、制限が多いか、型宣言の自由度が低いか、あるいはパフォーマンスが十分でなかったという。
（ ＠IT 西村賢） 情報をお寄せください ：
「 ごめんなさーいー 」
どうしても仕事は遅れてしまうもの。あっちが立てればこっちが立たず。仕事を受けたときのやる気はどこへ行ったのか。とりあえず謝っておいてから次の策を考えることにしませんか。
約10ヶ月ぶりのジェネレーターは「納期にまにあいませんでした。ごめんなさい」メールのジェネレーターです。相変わらず後ろ向きだ。
このツールを送ってなにかトラブルが起きてもニフティ株式会社、デイリーポータルＺ編集部は一切責任を持ちません。（林 雄司）
Yaron Brook ’s speech u2018 Why We Are Losing the War ' at GA Tech , March 17 , 2005
Last week I had the opportunity to see Yaron Brook speak .
Dr. Brook recently became president of the Ayn Rand Institute , succeeding Leonard Peikoff as head of the u2018orthodox ' Objectivist organization .
I had previously seen Yaron on a December 2004 O'Reilly Factor appearance , which was frankly quite disturbing .
He called for increased brutality in Iraq and u2018 [ turning ]
Fallujah into dust ' ; almost unbelievably Bill O'Reilly ended up coming across as the voice of reason .
I could not comprehend how someone advocating actions so at odds with Objectivist ethics could now be at the helm of the most definitive Objectivist organization .
Still , to see him speak seemed a good chance for this Objectivist to see 1 ) is Yaron really as crazy about war as he seems ?
2 ) is he at least solid elsewhere , and 3 ) could new ARI leadership mean more tolerance of other schismed Objectivist groups or libertarians ?
Armed with expectations set very low , I decided to attend his speech , on why America is losing the war on terror .
Speech starting on a high note
Though initially primed to hear a pro-war spiel that would make Rumsfeld blush , I was somewhat taken aback by Yaron 's introduction and first points .
He began with the clarification that u2018 War on Terror ' or even u2018 War on Terrorism ' misrepresent the struggle and that a war must be on people , not tactics .
Though this idea is not original , it was encouraging to see Dr. Brook starting out going somewhere on the right foot .
He then claimed the conflict was crippled by not naming the enemy — Islamic fanaticism ( and to Yaron 's credit , he never wielded the buzzword u2018 Islamofascism ' ) .
He explained the obvious relation between fanatical Islam and large terrorist acts of the past few decades , as well as the dangers of a fundamentalist religious philosophy which celebrates sacrifice , and spurns reason and individualism .
By not naming the enemy , foreign policy would be misdirected ; his assessment viewed Iran , Saudi Arabia , Hezbollah and remnants of al Qaeda and Taliban as the real enemies .
Also domestic policies such as increased airport security measures would not only be invasive but worthless if profiling was forbidden , treating a grandmother as equal a threat as a 20 - year - old male Muslim .
Yaron also proclaimed moral relativism being widely taught prevents Americans from feeling they are more moral than the terrorists .
Though the conclusion seems extreme when concerning Americans in general instead of just a small ivory - tower subset , he kept emphasizing how losing the war of ideas in universities was a key problem , and addressing it definitely a focus of his and the ARI .
Objectivists should emphasize spreading the ethical justification for life , liberty and pursuit of happiness to counter the evil influences prevalent in modern academia .
His example of Ward Churchill is legitimate in saying that at least one person regards average Americans as no better than terrorists .
There probably are a few others in the same camp as Churchill , but I daresay he is hardly representative of Americans at large , or that even the average college student after four years of a liberal - biased liberal - arts education would think of the WTC victims as u2018 little Eichmanns ' .
Some exaggeration aside , Yaron 's point that formal education works to create a moral vacuum and poses a real threat to reason and laissez - faire still strikes as valid .
Root ( singular ) of Islamic terrorism
Up to this point , the new ARI president was pleasantly surprising — no promotion of violence , and he had actually presented several valid points .
An oversimplified view of why terrorists attacked the US , however , began a slide downhill .
Per Yaron , the fanatics attacked in Tanzania , WTC'93 , 9/11 , etc. because the US represents the antithesis of Islamic fundamentalism — it was founded in the Enlightenment and emphasized individualism , reason , life , liberty , property and the pursuit of happiness .
While this did not impress me as a very probing investigation into the cause of the attacks , it was somehow refreshing compared to the simple refrain heard all too often — u2018 they attacked us because we 're free ' .
Dr. Brook gave his synopsis of Islamic terrorism , beginning about fifty years ago ( though not considering why that timeframe may have been significant ) .
He gave examples of ham - handed or counterproductive US responses to terrorism , setting himself clearly apart from neoconservatives by criticizing Reagan at least as harshly as Carter or Clinton .
However , he only recognized terrorist acts and immediate responses .
Any other US involvement in the Middle East for the past half century such as sponsorship of Israel , the Shah , aiding Hussein , shooting down a 290 - passenger jetliner , or a long - lasting embargo on Iraq are absent from Yaron 's u2018 why would terrorists attack us ? ' equation .
Likewise , motives explicitly stated by the murderers themselves such as Yusef or Bin Laden were ignored .
Yaron made it clear he did not want such ideas to be considered either .
If I pickpocket you , and you retaliate by beating my child to a pulp , there 's obviously a world of difference between saying my unjust action motivated yours versus my unjust action justified yours .
Pro-war pundits often are either unaware of  or actively evade  this difference , preferring instead to consider any inquiry into whether US foreign policy motivates terrorism as intrinsically justifying and legitimizing the terrorists .
To anyone who grasps this simple difference , however , it 's clear that there exists no contradiction in both questioning some actions the US should not have done anyway and which may have triggered a Muslim terrorist response , and also condemning the immoral , treacherous and completely unjustifiable actions taken by the terrorists .
Unfortunately , Yaron Brook seems to take the common nationalist route here , regarding any concern about unjust US foreign policy actions as being an attempt to put Americans on par with or below the terrorists , Ward Churchill style .
I do not doubt that many Islamic fundamentalists do hate the positive principals on which the USA was founded and even hate modern Americans they see as embodying those ideals .
It just hardly seems intellectually thorough to stop there , claiming that that alone must suffice to explain why 19 murderers were so eager to harm us that they were willing to train for years and kill themselves to do so .
Yaron Brook 's prescription for the Middle East
Dr. Brook baited the audience to ask about his exit strategy from Iraq , which obligingly someone asked as the first question of the Q&A .
I added , only half - jokingly , u2018 East or south ? '
Here we heard the overview of his military plan for the Middle East , beginning with Iraq where the majority of troops are :
Choose one Iraqi city other than Fallujah .
Level it with all civilians inside to serve as an example to those who had killed occupation troops .
Troops leave Iraq to the east — i.e. , invading Iran .
Destroy Tehran — choice of conventional or nuclear means to be determined by whichever is deemed preferable by military tacticians .
Destroy any infrastructure — power grids , water supplies , communications , roads — in the remainder of Iran .
Yaron actually referred to this as a u2018 Sherman 's march ' — nothing like a William Tecumseh Sherman reference to help bring things home to your Atlanta audience .
Ironically , he described this as not killing civilians — though presumably he 'd advocate killing any who resisted , happened to be on the roads at the time , etc. and obviously is attempting to blank - out the widespread death from famine and pestilence that would result .
Put in power a pro-American leader from within Iran , or from outside if no local is deemed appropriate .
Leave troops in Iran only to occupy the oil fields .
Enter Afghanistan , conducting a serious hunt - and - kill search for Osama and other remnants of al Qaeda .
If Osama or other key al Qaeda leaders are not found , continue number 6 in Pakistan .
Saudi Arabia and anyone else currently in bed with Islamic fanatics will be so intimidated by the examples made of Iraq and Iran that they 'll cease tolerance of terrorism and purge themselves of any fanatics .
There were a couple good ideas in there , starting only at Afghanistan which is what action arguably made sense three and a half years ago and which does not involve targeting civilians .
However , the Iraq and Iran steps unfortunately clearly answered my first question about attending the speech — yes , Yaron Brook advocates intentionally killing civilians .
An audience member actually asked him to clarify concerning leveling an Iraqi city — did he really mean to justify killing all the inhabitants ?
Yaron replied that this would be moral since the entire population was collectively guilty for not stopping the insurgency .
He did add as an afterthought that small children would not be guilty , so you may feel sad about killing them , but even that was no reason not to do so .
With his statements , Dr. Brook had clarified his departure from Objectivist ethics .
Those familiar with Objectivism know that the philosophy embraces individualism , and abhors u2018 collectivism ' , which refers not only to systems of wealth redistribution , but to any invalid treatment of a collective as primary , ignoring or subjugating the traits of individuals — e.g. , as Ayn Rand condemned racism as a form of collectivism .
Further , Objectivist ethics recognizes the initiation of force as always an immoral action , but the retaliatory use of force as just ; these concepts of course pertain to individuals , and become meaningless or contradictory to attempt to apply to collectives .
Yaron 's plan condoned both collective guilt and the vast initiation of force against individuals .
It was very disappointing to confirm the head of the flagship Objectivist organization holds such radical and deadly departures from Objectivist ethics .
Yaron and Objectivism outside war
As long as he stayed on topics other than waging war upon civilians , Dr. Brook proved very solid in presenting positive Objectivist ideas .
He reaffirmed the idea held dear by anyone who values one 's right to their own life that a draft was not only unnecessary , but unjustifiable .
He argued against economic sanctions , and spent significant time speaking of the example of China .
China 's relative improvements — u2018 Hong Kong conquering China instead of the other way around ' — were praised , with cautious optimism that they 'll continue on the path to more personal and economic freedom ; Yaron even mused about when he'd have to move ARI to Beijing if China and USA each continue their respective trends .
He pointed out that embargoes or other sanctions on China would almost certainly reverse their march toward freedom , and cause more reversion to totalitarianism .
The focus of the ARI seems to also be in line with its president 's message concerning destructive ideas pervading the universities .
They have long promoted involvement in education such as the Fountainhead essay contest .
The emphasis seems to be growing , though , with significant work on getting Rand books to elementary and high schools , and now seeding universities with Objectivist professors .
These methods — ironically key methods also employed by the von Mises Institute — do seem to be definitely a logical approach in making inroads on an educational system generally hostile to reality , reason and liberty .
Yaron stated dramatic success in the program of getting professorships , going from 0 five years ago , to over a half - dozen positions now , even in some notably liberal environments ( e.g. , one in UNC Chapel Hill ) .
He did n't mince words about the idea of changing the existing professors ; reminiscent of the frustration of early quantum mechanics physicists with the established classical ones , he considers current professors beyond reason , and that they must be replaced by new blood .
Dr. Brook lightheartedly referred to himself as an u2018optimistic Objectivist ' in that he thinks their education related programs will have significant impact in only u2018a couple generations ' .
Another beacon of hope came between the lines of what Yaron said concerning some of his views .
He openly referred several times to points where he disagreed with other Objectivists , even on presidential candidate endorsement or particular interventionist policies .
It surprised me to hear someone from the ARI willing to say that someone disagreeing with them is still an Objectivist .
I had not bothered arguing with Dr. Brook about war ; his Iraq and Iran decimation policies had prompted me to put him in the special category normally reserved for people who think the world is 6000 years old and fossils were put there to test our faith — i.e. , beyond the reach of reason .
However , the apparent tolerance of Objectivist difference in views prompted me to compliment him on this , and inquire if it reflected a new ARI policy of recognizing the fact that Objectivists can in fact have rational disagreements .
I did not realize that would be a sore topic ; Yaron became very defensive , and apparently took it as an attack on ARI and Rand .
He made some snide remarks likely directly at the IOS ( David Kelley 's group ) , and eagerly clarified that the ARI would readily still schism over anything it considered philosophical .
I suspect that even the differences Brook admitted would have been somehow defined as philosophical ones and caused rifts in times past , so despite his haste in defending schisms , I 'm somewhat optimistic that the group is now somewhat more accepting of reasonable differences in views .
Surprises
Dr. Brook referred repeatedly to himself as an isolationist , which I found more than a little ironic given the march from the Fertile Crescent to Pakistan which he had outlined .
He did clarify several specific scenarios , though , which at least again built the distance between himself and neoconservatives .
He'd be happy to leave the entire Middle East u2018to rot ' once he was done .
Though he applauds foreign countries overthrowing dictators he said no American should be sent to die to make any foreigner free .
He stated if South Korea or others cannot defend themselves against aggressive neighbors , they too can rot .
Yaron opposes nation - building , spreading democracy , and regards fear of a u2018 power vacuum ' as misguided ; demolished and leaderless nations should be abandoned immediately by US troops ( with apparent exceptions for oil fields ) .
Though appalled by his collectivist and pro-initiation - of - force notions in Iraq and Iran , I was generally impressed by his being isolationist at least when set beside a Wilsonian .
The most memorable example — since it was also by far the most significant surprise of the evening — was Yaron revealing that he even opposed invading Iraq .
Though he was glad Saddam Hussein was deposed , he regarded it as truly the wrong war , and for the wrong reasons .
He referred to even the name u2018 Operation Iraqi Freedom ' as belying a misguided altruistic nature .
He even said the Iraq invasion / occupation / nation - building may be counterproductive since he viewed the January elections as benefiting the Muslim fanatics .
I did n't think till later about how this revelation made the first step of his Middle East march even more nonsensical — the annihilation of a city in Iraq before pulling out could not even be whitewashed as somehow a military target , but only a final act of spite .
However , his opposing invading Iraq to begin with took any of us familiar with his former writings or TV appearances off guard , and almost certainly diminished any Iraq - centered audience opposition to the ARI leader 's views .
Before outlining his plan with all its aggression , Yaron had briefly suggested the ethically valid tactic of assassinating specifically murderous dictators and terrorist leaders .
I 'd been encouraged upon hearing this that he might really be on the right track , but unfortunately this sensible view was lost as noise among his later arguments for a broad swath of civilian annihilation across Mesopotamia and Persia .
Brook also addressed , in his own novel way , another problem facing any Objectivist war advocate — how it could not also be an initiation of force against American citizens due to coercive funding .
His point was that a $ 200B occupation of Iraq may indeed be expensive ( presumably too much to be voluntarily funded ) , but he never supported that .
He argued that he would have attacked Iran rather than Iraq , and continued with the intriguing , plausibly true — and ethically disturbing — concept that voluntary funding of his plan would be much more likely since obliterating a nation is far , far cheaper than occupying it .
This was another case where a surprising statement took the audience , certainly including myself , off guard and probably staved off some sensible questioning .
Again it did n't occur to me until hours later to wonder if Yaron thought even the massive US standing military — paying over 1,000,000 personnel , maintaining over 10,000 nuclear warheads and 10 carrier task forces , consuming 4 % of GDP — could be voluntarily supported at all .
Other surprises came out .
Bound to raise the ire of typical pro-war conservatives , Yaron was a Kerry voter .
Given his venom towards libertarians outside the Objectivist circle , it 's no surprise Badnarik did n't get Brook 's vote ; likewise I 'd expect him to shun the other u2018 major ' 3rd party candidates such as Nader or Peroutka who were also isolationists for various reasons .
Between Kerry and Bush , he condemned the Texas Republican 's pandering to the religious right .
However , his unexpected endorsement of Kerry largely appeared to be from frustration over Bush staying the course in Iraq — hoping perhaps Kerry would have directed his interventionist impulses elsewhere .
Another completely unforeseen aspect of the speech is that Yaron Brook really is a very capable speaker .
He spoke to his audience instead of down to them , already far outshining Peikoff or some other Objectivist speakers .
He could emote rather than voicing a dead monotone , and appeared comfortable and at times animated when speaking .
Yaron came across as approachable and fielded two hours of questions after a one - hour presentation .
Most surprisingly , a few times he even used something all - too - rare among some Galt idolizers — humor .
A few Objectivists may consider this blasphemy , but I think the ARI now has as its president someone with more speaking charisma than had its namesake .
Hierarchy of ideologies
Throughout the speech and especially the Q&A , several intriguing points were made about the relative merit of various ideologies .
According to Dr. Brook :
Islamic fundamentalists accept a philosophy of self - sacrifice and death , not living for this world .
Communists are better than Islamic fundamentalists because their atheism meant they lived for this life rather than an afterworld , hence force could intimidate them .
A communist may shoot at you if he had no fear of reprisal , but no communist would fly himself into a tower .
Moral relativists such as many liberal professors are beyond reach — the established professors cannot be reasoned with , only replaced .
Christians ( who in strict Objectivist terms also accept a philosophy of self - sacrifice and death , not living for this world ) are well worth talking to and have significant hope of coming to more Objectivist views , since Christians also recognize that morality requires right and wrong .
Non-Objectivist libertarians — most of whom subscribe to either a Christian absolute morality including non-aggression principle , or secular natural - rights based ethics — are the most dangerous , opposed to Objectivism , worse than liberal democrats , communists , or even nihilists .
I would not say Yaron necessarily has outright contradictory views as perhaps some of these could be cleared up , but I certainly found it amusing how his assessment of ideologies seemed to contain some non-transitive relationships .
The condemnation of libertarianism outside Objectivism was particularly telling .
I knew it would be naïve to think with new leadership that the ARI would outright embrace other libertarian groups .
However , he clearly answered my question on whether they at least gave up the peculiar inverted criticism — i.e. , condemning other libertarians as worse than communists precisely because libertarians were closer in belief to Objectivists .
From this point in this writing I will use u2018libertarian ' in Dr. Brook 's sense of only referring to non-Objectivist libertarians ; this is despite the fact that — much to some Objectivists ' chagrin — the philosophy 's laissez - faire capitalism squarely meets the defining libertarian characteristics of recognizing property rights and the non-aggression principal .
Yaron 's vitriol against libertarians was no less than from any ARI representative past .
He regarded them the enemy , worse than liberal democrats , Christians or nihilists .
He attacked two unfortunately true cases of poor Libertarian Party political candidates — the 2002 CA gubernatorial candidate who spat on an interviewer ( and had LP endorsement dropped ) and the MT senate candidate who managed to tint his skin blue — and held these outliers to discredit anyone libertarian .
He also knocked down one strawman — u2018 communist libertarians ' — an oxymoron which I had never heard of before .
It would not surprise me if someone abuses the term u2018 libertarian ' in such a way , but they no more define libertarianism than a self - proclaimed Objectivist Wiccan I knew in college — who thought that trees have feelings and she could see auras — defines Objectivism .
On more philosophical grounds , Dr. Brook claimed that agreement on ethics and politics are far less important than agreement on underlying metaphysics and epistemology ( with metaphysics as the most fundamental level , then epistemology , ethics , politics ) , so the high - level - only agreements with libertarians are superficial .
I would tend to lend this argument some credence ; however Yaron himself contradicts it in other statements .
He considers moral relativist professors ( i.e. , a significant disagreement in ethics versus Objectivism ) beyond reach of rational argumentation .
However , he considers Christians ( who have significant metaphysical and epistemological disagreements with Objectivism ) well worth talking to because Christians have an absolute morality — a degree of agreement in ethics .
I actually consider his view on Christians sound , hence reject his poor conflicting reasoning concerning libertarians .
Finally , the ARI head made much hay of the fact that libertarianism includes market anarchists .
I regard the ancap / minarchy debate as one of the most overblown and needlessly divisive in Objectivist and other libertarian circles .
If two people agreeing on rationality , non-initiation of force and laissez - faire capitalism argue about a voluntarily funded night - watchman state versus anarchocapitalism , it can only be recognized as mental masturbation .
The real challenge should be could either of them tell us how to get from here to there !
Yaron again went against his previous point about lower branches of philosophy being fundamentally more important , by saying that disagreement on solely this point of politics means he could have u2018 nothing in common ' with anarchocapitalists .
He named no individuals ' names when lambasting libertarians , but the Ludwig von Mises Institute was singled out for attack — as an enemy organization regarding Americans as worse than terrorists , and completely opposed to Objectivism .
The institute 's founder is Christian and anti-war , hence I might expect it to garner some animosity from Dr. Brook ; however , I wanted to double - check its content , the articles the Institute has published , to see if they supported what Yaron claimed of them .
Searching www.mises.org articles for u2018terrorism ' or u2018 Iraq ' yielded a few articles , such as addressing the broken - window fallacy applied to rebuilding after terrorist attacks , and that the US should leave Iraq rather than reconstructing it and further meddling in its economy — certainly nothing an isolationist like Brook should take offense at .
The Mises Institute 's articles focus on economic matters , from an Austrian school free - market approach .
Looking at the site this week , I find articles such as critiquing the proposal of introducing a consumption tax , how the ADA harms the disabled as well as the able , how Bush 's u2018 budget cuts ' are a myth , and celebrating the early rapid expansion of telegraphs due to private industry .
It would be interesting indeed to hear from Dr. Brook how exactly these are completely opposed to Objectivism .
Conclusion
It is clear the ARI now has a more dynamic leader , one who can hold an audience 's interest and deliver ideas .
The growing school and university approach to spreading Objectivism seems definitely on the right path .
Despite the discouraging ongoing intolerance of other libertarians , there seems to be a glimmer of hope for fewer formal rifts in Objectivism itself .
Yaron 's speaking ability and eagerness to speak at live presentations and talk shows seems likely to give it more exposure as well .
The ARI president 's charisma indeed will be a double - edged sword .
So disarming were his rhetoric and the speech 's surprises that I found myself having an overall good impression of Yaron and thinking he agreed with me — and had to remind myself that this same man had , in fact , also just advocated a first - strike devastation of a city of twelve million .
Polishing a good presentation around on his few — but colossal — bad ideas that diverge from Objectivist ethics could be very damaging indeed .
Yet applied to many other areas , he could be a boon to spreading the philosophy 's vital positive ideas .
Despite his glaring issues , I remain cautiously optimistic .
As time passes and war fervor subsides , the new ARI president 's speaking should quickly turn instead to those areas where he is solidly an Objectivist ; if so I think he can still be a beneficial force in promoting what really is a philosophy of life , reality , reason and freedom .
March 30 , 2005
The Best of Aaron Bilger
" It requires some effort to achieve a happy outlook on life , and most people do n't make it . "
— Author and researcher Gregg Easterbrook
Psychologists have recently handed the keys to happiness to the public , but many people cling to gloomy ways out of habit , experts say .
Polls show Americans are no happier today than they were 50 years ago despite significant increases in prosperity , decreases in crime , cleaner air , larger living quarters and a better overall quality of life . [ 10 Scientific Tips For Raising Happy Kids ]
So what gives ?
Happiness is 50 percent genetic , says University of Minnesota researcher David Lykken .
What you do with the other half of the challenge depends largely on determination , psychologists agree .
As Abraham Lincoln once said , " Most people are as happy as they make up their minds to be . "
What works , and what does n't
Happiness does not come via prescription drugs , although 10 percent of women 18 and older and 4 percent of men take antidepressants , according to the Department of Health and Human Services .
Anti-depressants benefit those with mental illness but are no happiness guarantee , researchers say .
Nor will money or prosperity buy happiness for many of us .
Money that lifts people out of poverty increases happiness , but after that , the better paychecks stop paying off sense - of - well - being dividends , research shows .
One route to more happiness is called " flow , " an engrossing state that comes during creative or playful activity , psychologist Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi has found .
Athletes , musicians , writers , gamers , and religious adherents know the feeling .
It comes less from what you 're doing than from how you do it .
Sonja Lyubomirsky of the University of California at Riverside has discovered that the road toward a more satisfying and meaningful life involves a recipe repeated in schools , churches and synagogues .
Make lists of things for which you 're grateful in your life , practice random acts of kindness , forgive your enemies , notice life 's small pleasures , take care of your health , practice positive thinking , and invest time and energy into friendships and family .
The happiest people have strong friendships , says Ed Diener , a psychologist University of Illinois .
Interestingly his research finds that most people are slightly to moderately happy , not unhappy . [ 7 Ways Friendships Are Great for Your Health ]
On your own
Some Americans are reluctant to make these changes and remain unmotivated even though our freedom to pursue happiness is written into the preamble of the Declaration of Independence .
Do n't count on the government , for now , Easterbrook says .
Our economy lacks the robustness to sustain policy changes that would bring about more happiness , like reorienting cities to minimize commute times .
The onus is on us .
" There are selfish reasons to behave in altruistic ways , " says Gregg Easterbrook , author of " The Progress Paradox : How Life Gets Better While People Feel Worse " ( Random House , 2004 ) .
" Research shows that people who are grateful , optimistic and forgiving have better experiences with their lives , more happiness , fewer strokes , and higher incomes , " according to Easterbrook .
" If it makes world a better place at same time , this is a real bonus . "
Diener has collected specific details on this .
People who positively evaluate their well - being on average have stronger immune systems , are better citizens at work , earn more income , have better marriages , are more sociable , and cope better with difficulties .
Unhappy by default
Lethargy holds many people back from doing the things that lead to happiness .
Easterbrook , also a Visiting Fellow at the Brookings Institute , goes back to Freud , who theorized that unhappiness is a default condition because it takes less effort to be unhappy than to be happy .
" If you are looking for something to complain about , you are absolutely certain to find it , " Easterbrook told LiveScience .
" It requires some effort to achieve a happy outlook on life , and most people do n't make it .
Most people take the path of least resistance .
Far too many people today do n't make the steps to make their life more fulfilling one . "
Original article on Live Science .
Be Happy
University of Pennsylvania ’s Martin Seligman offers questionnaires for assessing your happiness , beating depression and developing insights into how to be happier on his web site .
Correction Appended
WASHINGTON , Oct. 15 — Senior Republican leaders have concluded that Senator Mike DeWine of Ohio , a pivotal state in this year ’s fierce midterm election battles , is likely to be heading for defeat and are moving to reduce financial support for his race and divert party money to other embattled Republican senators , party officials said .
The decision to effectively write off Mr. DeWine ’s seat , after a series of internal Republican polls showed him falling behind his Democratic challenger , is part of a fluid series of choices by top leaders in both parties as they set the strategic framework of the campaign ’s final three weeks , signaling , by where they are spending television money and other resources , the Senate and House races where they believe they have the best chances of success .
Republicans are now pinning their hopes of holding the Senate on three states — Missouri , Tennessee and , with Ohio off the table , probably Virginia — while trying to hold on to the House by pouring money into districts where Republicans have a strong historical or registration advantage , party officials said Sunday .
Republicans also said they would run advertisements in New Jersey this week to test the vulnerability of Senator Robert Menendez , one of the few Democrats who appear endangered .
Senior national Republican strategists who had been briefed on decisions made during the party ’s internal deliberations discussed the overall strategic thrusts but declined to provide specific dollar figures , saying that would give too much information to the Democrats .
Review
All the Devils Are Here
In Louise Penny 's All the Devils Are Here , the 16th book in the Chief Inspector Armand Gamache series , readers find Gamache and his wife , Reine - Marie , in Paris for the imminent birth of their fourth grandchild .
Celebrating with them are their two adult children and their spouses ( all of whom are now ...
Update # 1 : What I first posted will take out your < key by mistake ( it 's available via C- q < ) , it has since been revised to Do The Right Thing .
Update # 2 : Thanks to an anonymouse [ sic ] commenter this code is a little cleaner .
Update # 3 : I should read the Emacs manual sometime , especially since I have it in dead - tree form .
Check out skeleton pairs in the Emacs manual .
Despite my current infatuation with Emacs there are many reasons I started using TextMate , especially little time - savers that are very addictive .
I 'll talk about one of those features tonight .
When you have text selected in TextMate and you hit say the ' ( single quote ) then TextMate will surround the selected text with single quotes .
The same goes for double quotes , parentheses , brackets , and braces .
This little trick is one of my favourites so I had to come up with something similar in Emacs .
It was easy since a mailing list post has a solution for surrounding the current region with tags , which served as a great starting point .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7
( defun surround - region - with - tag ( tag - name beg end ) ( interactive " sTag name :
r " ) ( save - excursion ( goto - char beg ) ( insert " < " tag - name " > " ) ( goto - char (+ end 2 ( length tag - name ) ) ) ( insert " < / " tag-name " > " ) ) )
With a little modification I now have the following in my ~/.emacs file :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47
; ; help out a TextMate junkie ( defun wrap - region ( left right beg end ) " Wrap the region in arbitrary text , LEFT goes to the left and RIGHT goes to the right . " ( interactive ) ( save - excursion ( goto - char beg ) ( insert left ) ( goto - char (+ end ( length left ) ) ) ( insert right ) ) ) ( defmacro wrap - region - with - function ( left right ) " Returns a function which , when called , will interactively `wrap - region - or - insert ' using LEFT and RIGHT . " `( lambda ( ) ( interactive ) ( wrap - region - or - insert , left , right ) ) ) ( defun wrap - region - with - tag - or - insert ( ) ( interactive ) ( if ( and mark - active transient - mark - mode ) ( call - interactively ' wrap - region - with - tag ) ( insert " < " ) ) ) ( defun wrap - region - with - tag ( tag beg end ) " Wrap the region in the given HTML / XML tag using `wrap - region ' .
If any attributes are specified then they are only included in the opening tag . " ( interactive " * sTag ( including attributes ) :
r " ) ( let * ( ( elems ( split - string tag " " ) ) ( tag - name ( car elems ) ) ( right ( concat " < / " tag - name " > " ) ) ) ( if (= 1 ( length elems ) ) ( wrap - region ( concat " < " tag - name " > " ) right beg end ) ( wrap - region ( concat " < " tag " > " ) right beg end ) ) ) ) ( defun wrap - region - or - insert ( left right ) " Wrap the region with `wrap - region ' if an active region is marked , otherwise insert LEFT at point . " ( interactive ) ( if ( and mark - active transient - mark - mode ) ( wrap - region left right ( region - beginning ) ( region - end ) ) ( insert left ) ) ) ( global - set - key " ' " ( wrap - region - with - function " ' " " ' " ) ) ( global - set - key " \ " " ( wrap - region - with - function " \ " " " \ " " ) ) ( global - set - key " ` " ( wrap - region - with - function " ` " " ` " ) ) ( global - set - key " ( " ( wrap - region - with - function " ( " " ) " ) ) ( global - set - key " [ " ( wrap - region - with - function " [ " " ] " ) ) ( global - set - key " { " ( wrap - region - with - function " { " " } " ) ) ( global - set - key " < " ' wrap- region - with- tag- or - insert ) ;; I opted not to have a wrap - with - angle - brackets
↓ Download wrap -region.el
That more or less sums up why I like Emacs so much .
I wanted that functionality so I implemented it ( barely !
It was basically done for me ) , debugged it by immediately evaluating sexps and then trying it out , and then once it worked I reloaded my config and used the wanted feature .
That 's just awesome , and shows one strength of open source .
Former Reagan Advisor angry Bush ' bankrupted America ' RAW STORY
Published : Wednesday April 18 , 2007 Print This Email This Conservative economist Bruce Bartlett accused President Bush of " bankrupting " America and betraying the Reagan legacy in an interview on PBS 's Tavis Smiley Show on Tuesday .
A domestic policy adviser to President Ronald Reagan and a treasury official under President George H.W. Bush , Bartlett assailed Bush 's " big government conservatism " and said he was surprised at Bush 's policies , despite his campaign pledge to be a " compassionate conservative . "
" In 2000 I thought that was election year rhetoric , " said Bartlett .
" I did n't think it meant anything .
I learned the hard way as a lot of us did what he really meant it when he talked about compassionate conservatism . "
When asked how the current President Bush compared to his father , Bartlett responded , " If I did n't know with a certainty they were related , I would n't think that they were . "
Bartlett also argued that current conservative fiscal rhetoric regarding supply - side economics is outdated .
" We have a completely different economic situation , completely different fiscal and tax situation and I think people are still using rhetoric that was appropriate at one time for a situation that in which it is no longer appropriate . "
Bartlett was also not optimistic about the remainer of Bush 's term .
" I think we are on automatic pilot , " said Bartlett .
" Very few administrations do much of anything the last year and a half in office .
I think the best thing we can hope for is a new president who will take America in a different direction . "
RUSH TRANSCRIPT TAVIS SMILEY : Bruce Bartlett is a columnist who served as economic policy advisor to Ronald Reagan and later Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Treasury Department under the first President Bush .
The most recent book is " Imposter : How George W. Bush bankrupted America and Betrayed the Reagan Legacy . "
Nice to have you on .
BRUCE BARTLETT : Happy to be here .
TAVIS SMILEY : Did George W. Bush do all of that ?
BRUCE BARTLETT : Bankrupt America ?
Yes , I think that we have had something like a $ 20 trillion increase in the national debt under this president 's watch and I think that one of these days , I do n't know when , but one of these days , the chickens are going to come home to roost .
TAVIS SMILEY :
When he ran for office the first time around , persons like you and other conservatives rallied around this guy as the guy you wanted in the White House now you call him , six years later , an impostor ?
BRUCE BARTLETT : Well I think you are entitled to judge candidates on the basis of what they say they are going to do and then judge them later on the basis of what they do .
I do n't think there were very many people that anticipated that he would turn out to be the kind of president that he is .
TAVIS SMILEY : Tell me what you think happened .
Where economic policies concerned , since you thought you were backing the right horse , what happened ?
BRUCE BARTLETT : Well , obviously 9/11 changed a lot of things .
But I think that the main thing is that it appears in retrospect this president did n't really have any clear economic plan .
A lot of things were done in an ad hoc basis or based solely on political considerations without much thought as to how all the pieces fit together .
And I think that led to a lot of mistakes .
TAVIS SMILEY : With all due respect to the president you slid past 9/11 and I would be the last person on earth defending George W. Bush and his economic policies but to his credit you can't just slide past 9/11 .
I wonder whether you are being a little bit too harsh on the president given your perspective on these matters , any president would have had a difficult time trying to keep the country on track when something like 9/11 happened out of the blue .
BRUCE BARTLETT : Obviously that 's the case .
But one wonders about the linkage to the Iraq war and other things of that sort .
We still do n't really know whether there was any connection between Iraq and 9/11 and when I said 9/11 I meant that as shorthand for all of the terror - related issues we have had to deal with the last seven years .
TAVIS SMILEY : Give me some concrete examples of what the president , two or three examples of what the president has done on fiscal policy or not done as it were that has fiscal conservatives like yourself so upset with him .
BRUCE BARTLETT : The first thing that bothered me a lot and the reason I wrote the book was because of the Medicare drug benefit , which I thought was a really bad policy because we could n't afford it .
The Medicare system was already broken and to add an enormous new entitlement on top of it without any way of funding it , I thought , was irresponsible .
Secondly , I think a lot of the tax cuts were not well designed to help with economic growth and were really just the tax equivalent of pork barrel spending , just special deals for special groups .
And as a consequence I do n't think we have really gotten the economic benefits of the tax cuts the way we would have if they had been more targeted , made permanent in the first place instead of expiring and things of that sort .
TAVIS SMILEY : Talk to me more specifically , educate me about your point of view and view of others where these tax cuts are concerned .
Because I ask that against the backdrop that I suspect most Americans , certainly those on the left , are a bit taken aback when they hear a conservative complaining about a tax cut .
I can hear clearly Democrats and liberal complaining about a tax cut but why are conservatives complaining about tax cuts ?
BRUCE BARTLETT : For one thing they are all expiring .
TAVIS SMILEY : Now , that makes sense to me .
I get that part .
BRUCE BARTLETT : As an economist , you look at tax cuts , different kinds of tax cuts they have different effects on the economy .
Some have very positive effects , some have virtually no effect at all .
Some might have negative effects .
If you look at the whole menu of all the different kinds of tax cuts that this president enacted , only some of them were really very helpful to economic growth and a lot of the others were not .
They were just revenue that was lost to no purpose of any kind whatsoever .
That 's what I was getting at when I say there was not really a logic or plan in place at the beginning to tell us exactly what we should have been doing .
We could have completely reformed the tax system if we had wanted to , have had a flat rate tax or any number of other things that were opportunities lost .
TAVIS SMILEY : Tell me more specifically how you think he betrayed the Reagan legacy on these matters .
BRUCE BARTLETT :
The main thing is that he himself , he calls himself a big government conservative and I think that is just a contradiction in terms .
Ronald Reagan was a small government conservative .
I think that virtually all conservatives are small government conservatives and I think that in many ways this president is one of the biggest government presidents we have had in a long time .
TAVIS SMILEY : But again back to six years ago when he ran and you all embraced him he told you he was a different kind of conservative , he coined the phrase " compassionate conservative . "
What did you take that to mean ?
BRUCE BARTLETT : In 2000 I thought that was election year rhetoric .
I did n't think it meant anything .
I learned the hard way as a lot of us did what he really meant it when he talked about compassionate conservatism .
But at the time I thought it was just throw - away rhetoric that all candidates use on the campaign trail to win votes .
TAVIS SMILEY : That sounds , respectfully , a bit naive to me .
If a guy is telling you upfront I 'm a different kind of conservative , I have a certain level of compassion , I believe there is a role that government ought to play , government can't do everything , government ought to play a role in our lives , may it 's not that he 's an impostor .
Maybe you just misread the entire situation .
BRUCE BARTLETT : Well , that 's quite possible .
I plead guilty .
But an awful lot of other people were just as taken down the wrong path .
I mean , I did n't know that much about George Bush except that he was the son of the former president and had been middlingly successful Governor of Texas .
We have learned a great deal about this man that we know today that we did n't know in 2000 .
TAVIS SMILEY : You have drawn clear distinctions between George W. Bush and Ronald Reagan .
Since you worked for his father , how does he compare and contrast with his father on these policies ?
BRUCE BARTLETT : If I did n't know with a certainty they were related , I would n't think that they were .
I mean the father , as we recall , what got the father in trouble politically was that he had a big budget deal in 1990 that he raised taxes and what a lot of budget experts think that was one of the most important budget deals in American history .
This president does n't care one whit about the fiscal situation , does n't worry at all about deficits or debt .
His father did and his father paid a heavy political price for it .
So I really think there 's almost nothing -- there 's nothing between the two of them in terms of fiscal policy .
TAVIS SMILEY : Finally and respectfully , you are the expert , not me , but it was n't the supply side economics of the Reagan area in retrospect a bit overrated anyway ?
TAVIS SMILEY : No , I do n't think so .
I think the problem is that you had a good idea that was appropriate for a certain time and place and a certain set of circumstances , and it has been carried too far .
It is now -- we have a completely different economic situation , completely different fiscal and tax situation and I think people are still using rhetoric that was appropriate at one time for a situation that in which it is no longer appropriate .
TAVIS SMILEY : About 20 seconds , anything the president can do over the next two years to make Bruce Bartlett happy ?
BRUCE BARTLETT : No , I do n't really think so .
I think we are on automatic pilot .
Very few administrations do much of anything the last year and a half in office .
I think the best thing we can hope for is a new president who will take America in a different direction .
TAVIS SMILEY :
The new book by or latest book by Bruce Bartlett " Impostor : How George W. Bush Bankrupted America and Betrayed the Reagan Legacy . "
Nice to have you on program .
BRUCE BARTLETT : Thank you .
Once upon a time , how - to guides were all about numbered lists and badly - drawn diagrams .
Now those guides have gone multimedia , with a slew of new sites offering video how - tos from the users themselves .
Here are 10 of the best .
1. VideoJug : VideoJug mixes user generated clips with professionally made content .
Videos are accompanied by a text version , and you can download clips to your iPod or PSP .
This UK - based site is receiving a lot of hype from the British press .
2. Sclipo carries a remix of the YouTube tagline : “ Broadcast your skills ” .
The European startup provides how - to guides in English and Spanish .
3. Sutree : Sutree is a video aggregator that pulls in videos from sites like YouTube and Metacafe .
Clips are picked by users and approved by moderators .
There are no user profiles or playlists , making it a fairly lightweight offering .
4. 5 min : 5 min is a " videopedia " with a large amount of content .
What we like : it offers unique features like slow - motion and zooming , especially useful for learning new skills .
5. Expert Village : Expert Village is trying to win on volume , with thousands of videos posted by experts .
Currently , the site counts more than 1,700 experts and some 17,000 videos .
6. ViewDo : similar to VideoJug , ViewDo provides tagging , comments , video embeds , and RSS feeds for each expert .
The contributors are ranked based on their expertise .
7. Helpful Video :
With its minimalist interface , Helpful video is one of the few sites where you actually have to pay for some clips .
The concept is interesting , but we doubt anyone will pay for your beginner 's guide to karate : there are just too many free alternatives .
8. TeacherTube : TeacherTube is YouTube for education , with courses for maths , data processing and literature .
The site is organized by “ channels ” and “ groups ” ( college , university , sciences , technology , Maths … ) .
Features include blog embeds , favorites , tagging and commenting .
9. Vidipedia : Vidipedia wants to be the Wikipedia of the videos .
It provides info on personalities , historical events and other content you 'd expect to find in an encyclopedia .
You can leave comments , download or embed videos elsewhere .
10 . YouTube : Do n't forget YouTube itself : the YouTube category “ How To and DIY provides a massive number of how - to videos and inspiration for projects .
In fact , it could crush the others simply because of YouTube 's massive userbase .
—
Originally posted in French on Mashable France .
A note from Matt Murray , Dear All : I ’m delighted to share the news that Brent Jones , a leader who has had a transformative effect on training and culture at The Wall Street Journal in the last two years , is taking on a new and expanded newsroom role as Editor of Culture , Training and Outreach .
He will join the masthead of The Wall Street Journal and report to me starting Monday .
Brent is well positioned to work closely with me , the rest of the senior team and the entire newsroom as we rethink diversity on staff and in coverage , develop further training and other outreach initiatives and help develop the business journalists of the future .
Importantly , he also will work closely with colleagues across Dow Jones and especially the People Team , which is driving efforts across the entire company on diversity , inclusion and Dow Jones culture .
A tough and experienced journalist who has worked his way up through newsroom editing ranks , Brent is both realistic and optimistic about the work to be done at the Journal and in our industry .
He is also a thoughtful , insightful leader who is passionate about improving newsroom culture , diversity and inclusion , talent development , training — and the social value and importance of fair , high - quality news and information .
His voice and experience , which have been especially helpful to me as I focus more of my time on diversity and outreach , will enliven and advance our continuing efforts .
Brent joined the Journal in February 2018 as Assistant Managing Editor for Training & Outreach , reporting to Managing Editor Karen Pensiero .
He will continue to work especially closely with Karen and Assistant Managing Editor for Talent Sarah Rabil , who runs all newsroom recruitment efforts .
With a remit to design and implement robust , engaging training and outreach programming , Brent connected across Journal news teams to identify strategic pillars of learning ; anchored weekly training sessions ; helped to coordinate and elevate the newsroom ’s presence at online news , investigative and diversity journalism conferences ; reinvented our orientation ; and successfully initiated and launched in February 2019 The Wall Street Journal – Morgan State University Business Journalism Exchange Program , our groundbreaking training collaboration with Morgan State University in Baltimore .
In describing that partnership , the dean of the School of Global Journalism and Communication , DeWayne Wickham , wrote : “ As a founding member and former president of the National Association of Black Journalists , I have a deep appreciation for the need to move beyond talk , to action , when it comes to newsroom diversity .
In initiating a partnership with Morgan ’s School of Global Journalism and Communication , The Wall Street Journal speaks with a voice that rises above the din of those media companies whose talk about diversity does n’t match their action . ”
A second newsroom outreach training initiative , WSJ & Lehman Journo - Tech Program , was announced with CUNY ’s Lehman College ( Bronx , N.Y. ) in February 2020 and is slated to launch remotely this fall .
Lehman ’s student body is majority Latino .
Before coming to the Journal , Brent served as head of standards and ethics for USA Today , a role that eventually expanded to support more than 100 local newsrooms across Gannett .
As standards editor for USA Today , he created , produced and hosted the publication ’s first media ethics podcast , Off the Record , a monthly program that focused on ethical considerations related to news coverage .
His design and management of USA Today ’s year - round internship program served as a template for Gannett ’s enterprise student programming strategy for its business units and local newsrooms .
He also has held a number of editing roles at USA Today and local papers .
Brent serves on the advisory boards of the Freedom Forum Institute ’s Power Shift Project and the Center for Journalism Ethics for the School of Journalism and Mass Communication at the University of Wisconsin - Madison .
He also has advised The Robert C. Maynard Institute for Journalism Education and Online News Association as part of special outside - committee projects looking at the strategic direction and future of those organizations .
Brent has been integral to recent advances we have made in our newsroom , and in this new role will have an expanded remit and support to help the world ’s leading business publication go further and faster .
I ’m grateful to him for taking this important role on , and ask all of you to join me in congratulating him .
Matt
Congress promises to probe voter ID effects on turnout Michael Roston
Published : Thursday February 22 , 2007 Print
This Email
This Following the preliminary release of a study recently showing that identification requirements for voters were reducing turnout at the polls , including for minority voters , RAW STORY has learned that the chairperson of a Congressional subcommittee with oversight on elections for House seats has promised to study the problem .
Rep. Zoe Lofgren ( D - CA ) said to RAW STORY in a statement on Thursday that the subcommittee she heads within the Committee on House Administration will take up the issue .
" Through my work as Chair of the House Administration Subcommittee on Elections , I plan to explore proposed reforms to ensure that these increasingly restrictive voter ID requirements do not threaten the integrity of our electoral process , " she said in a statement given to RAW STORY .
Voter ID requirements , she worries , are " essentially disenfranchising a considerable portion of the eligible population from voting . "
She noted that in field hearings last year she had " heard first - hand from American Indian and Hispanic witnesses about the complications resulting from voter ID requirements . "
Lofgren 's remarks were prompted by the results of a study contracted by the federally - chartered U.S. Election Assistance Commission ( EAC ) , which found that the voter identification requirements in the Help American Vote Act of 2002 may " prevent eligible voters from casting a ballot . "
The study was conducted by researchers from the Eagleton Institute of Politics at Rutgers , the State University of New Jersey , and the Moritz College of Law at Ohio State University .
It looked at variations in turnout for the November 2004 national elections , based on voter ID requirements in the 50 states and the District of Columbia .
On Feb. 8 , the researchers presented preliminary results to the EAC .
Overall , the study found that " average turnout in states requiring photo identification as a maximum requirement was 58.1 percent compared to 64.2 percent in states that required voters to give their name as the maximum requirement . "
Turning specifically to minority voters , the study showed that " African - American , Hispanic , and Asian - American registered voters in photo identification states were less likely to say they had voted in November 2004 than their racial or ethnic counterparts in states that required voters to state their names as a maximum or minimum identification requirement . "
While the full report had not yet been released , a statement by several voter 's rights advocates hailing the study offered more evidence from its findings that minority voters were being hurt by ID requirements .
" Latinos were 10 percent less likely to vote , Asian - Americans 8.5 percent less likely to vote and African Americans 5.7 percent less likely to vote , " said the statement , which was released by Project Vote , the NALEO Educational Fund , the League of Women Voters , and the Asian American Legal Defense and Education Fund .
Mary G. Wilson , national president of the League of Women Voters , added in the release that , " This data should serve as a wake - up call to those who did n't think that restrictive ID provisions would harm voter participation and turnout . "
Testimony to the EAC on the Rutgers and Ohio State study can be found at the website of the Eagleton Institute of Politics .
Comment Here
Pre-War Intelligence Report on Iraq Released – Report Forecast Militant Violence , Saw Establishing Democracy as Difficult
The U.S. intelligence community accurately predicted months before the Iraq war that al - Qaeda would link up with elements from former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein ’s regime and militant Islamists to conduct terrorist attacks against U.S. forces in that country , according to a report released today by the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence .
The bold emphasis is n’t too difficult to understand .
Simple enough to bring into an elementary school show and tell .
If Saddam was removed from power the possibility existed that various stripes of extremists would take advantage of the chaos and lack of stability .
That some of those radical Islamics that the relatively secular Saddam had under his thumb for over two decades would exploit the power vacuum that would existed on his removal was certainly predictable to those of us who were more interested in the truth then playing lapdog for The Commander Guy .
Yet Bush supporter Ed Morrissey at the conservative Captains Quarters writes , So Now They Believe Saddamists And Islamists Would Work Together ? , Posted by Ed Morrissey at May 25 , 2007 4:08 PM
The release of Phase II of the review of pre-war intel has generated some odd comments from war critics .
The same people who have told us over and over again that al - Qaeda and other radical Islamists would never have worked with a supposed secularist like Saddam Hussein now say “ I told you so ” when the pre-war intel warned of post - invasion connections between AQ and the Ba’athists
The part in bold is just a simple lie .
I would be happy to read the passage from an A - list liberal blog or from a elected Democrat that ever said any such thing .
The ” would never have worked with a supposed secularist like Saddam Hussein ” – this also obviously false .
There are a multitude of factions fighting each other in Iraq and while all the alliances are difficult to explain , one facet that is not complicated is that Saddam is dead .
He does not have nor is he leading any factions aligned with anyone – and it is generally agreed that one of the Bush team ’s biggest errors was not including the bathists in the first stages of rebuilding the government and creating order .
This is from the Senate Intelligence Committee ’s Phase II report from September 2006 when both Houses of Congress were controlled by conservatives and the head of the Intelligence Committees in both Houses were Republicans , Report : Saddam and Al Qaeda Enemies , Not Collaborators
[ Bin ] Ladin generally opposed collaboration [ with Baghdad ] .
( p. 65 ) According to debriefs of multiple detainees — including Saddam Hussein and former Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz — and capture documents , Saddam did not trust al - Qa’ida or any other radical Islamist group and did not want to cooperate with them .
( p. 67 ) Aziz underscored Saddam ’s distrust of Islamic extremists like bin Ladin , stating that when the Iraqi regime started to see evidence that Wahabists had come to Iraq , “ the Iraqi regime issued a decree aggressively outlawing Wahabism in Iraq and threatening offenders with execution . ” ( p. 67 ) Another senior Iraqi official stated that Saddam did not like bin Ladin because he called Saddam an “ unbeliever . ” ( p.73 ) Conclusion 1 : … Postwar findings indicate that Saddam Hussein was distrustful of al - Qa’ida and viewed Islamic extremists as a threat to his regime , refusing all requests from al Qa’ida to provide material or operational support .
Debriefings of key leaders of the former Iraqi regime indicate that Saddam distrusted Islamic radicals in general , and al Qa’ida in particular …
Debriefings also indicate that Saddam issued a general order that Iraq should not deal with al Qa’ida .
No postwar information suggests that the Iraqi regime attempted to facilitate a relationship with bin Ladin . ( p. 105 ) Conclusion 5 :… Postwar information indicates that Saddam Hussein attempted , unsuccessfully , to locate and capture al - Zarqawi ( a Jordanian – Jordan is considered an American ally even though they clearly have terrorist among the population .
Does n’t that mean in Captain Ed ’s world that we would be justified in invading Jordan ) ) and that the regime did not have a relationship with , harbor , or turn a blind eye toward Zarqawi . ( p. 109 )
Ed goes on to restate the lie .
Jay Rockefeller wants to use the report to show what a folly it was to invade Iraq , but part of the reason we invaded Iraq was precisely to avoid Saddam and his henchmen from partnering with al - Qaeda .
These same intel agencies produced this prediction because they also had intelligence that Saddam and AQ had already established contacts with each other .
Absolutely no evidence exists that such a relationship existed or that any collaboration was planned .
Ed is worse then Bill O’Reilly , there ’s so much spin , distortion and easily verified falsehood one wonders what the point is .
Just a guess , but it is probably just some grist to feed the dead - enders who will likely live the rest of their lives in denial of the facts and the Ed’s of the Right feed them enough fairy dust to help them stay in a state of denial .
Then Ed inadvertently proves the liberal case ,
Since Saddam had never complied with the cease - fire and the UN resolutions on many issues , and in fact continued to fire on no - fly patrols , a state of war already existed .
Ed wants to play Big Brothe doublespeak with the word containment .
Containment means exactly the same thing as war in Ed World .
At most we were having a Soviet style Cold War with Iraq to put pressure on them to change .
That containment costs as about 2.5 billion dollars a year compared to the approximately 7 billion dollars a month we ’re spending now and during that entire time from the end of the Gulf War until Bush ’s invasion we had zero casualties .
Why did we have zero casualties , because Iraq was a weak opponent incapable of inflicting any real damage on U.S. forces – see Operation Desert Fox .
Ed of course had to drag the U.N. into it , this article addresses that to some degree .
Ten Things Progressives Should Know About the United Nations Oil - for - Food Scandal
1 . The program was poorly planned and managed .
Set up in 1996 , the United Nations oil - for - food program allowed the Iraqi government to sell oil to pay for food , infrastructure , medicine and humanitarian goods .
The program was badly set - up and poorly managed , allowing Hussein ’s regime to embezzle millions of dollars .
According to a General Accounting Office report , Saddam embezzled $ 4.4 billion through pricing irregularities .
By the Senate subcommittee ’s higher count , Iraq got almost two - thirds of some $ 21 billion through the illicit trade deals or smuggling – most in deals made with governments before the program even began .
2 . The program fed Iraqis and kept UN sanctions in place .
The United States and the United Kingdom , as principal proponents of sanctions , voted for the creation of the program to address humanitarian and political concerns .
As a result , Iraq ’s chemical , biological and nuclear weapons programs disintegrated , its conventional military forces crumbled , and the health of the civilian population improved .
Under the program , millions of Iraqis were fed , child malnutrition and mortality went down , and access to electricity and clean water increased .
Since the end of the program , malnutrition throughout the country has skyrocketed to the highest level in decades .
3 . None of the money involved came from American taxpayers .
Oil - for - food allowed the Iraqi government to sell Iraqi oil to pay for food , infrastructure , medicine and humanitarian goods .
No U.S. money was involved .
The United States government , which took over responsibility for Iraqi oil revenues following the invasion , failed to properly manage the newly - created account , known as the Development Fund for Iraq .
As a result , according to government audits , the United States has failed to account for $ 8.8 billion in Iraqi oil money .
Former Coalition Provisional Administrator Paul Bremer has refused to comment on where the money went .
And this , Documents : U.S. condoned Iraq oil smuggling
Documents obtained by CNN reveal the United States knew about , and even condoned , embargo - breaking oil sales by Saddam Hussein ’s regime , and did so to shore up alliances with Iraq ’s neighbors .
The oil trade with countries such as Turkey and Jordan appears to have been an open secret inside the U.S. government and the United Nations for years .
The unclassified State Department documents sent to congressional committees with oversight of U.S. foreign policy divulge that the United States deemed such sales to be in the “ national interest , ” even though they generated billions of dollars in unmonitored revenue for Saddam ’s regime .
and , US ‘ backed illegal Iraqi oil deals ’
A report released last night by Democratic staff on a Senate investigations committee presents documentary evidence that the Bush administration was made aware of illegal oil sales and kickbacks paid to the Saddam Hussein regime but did nothing to stop them .
… In fact , the Senate report found that US oil purchases accounted for 52 % of the kickbacks paid to the regime in return for sales of cheap oil – more than the rest of the world put together .
“ The United States was not only aware of Iraqi oil sales which violated UN sanctions and provided the bulk of the illicit money Saddam Hussein obtained from circumventing UN sanctions , ” the report said .
“ On occasion , the United States actually facilitated the illicit oil sales .
We ’ll probably never see Captain Spin or any other Republican blog do a genuine report on the Facts of the U.N.
Oil for Food scandal because companies like Chevron , run by Republicans who give the vast majority of their political donations to Republicans were neck deep in the scandal .
Much of that cheap oil was funneled through U.S. ally and NATO member Turkey .
This is an article just recently published that adressed the childish if not delusional BushCo and Captain Ed meme that if we do n’t fight them over there , they ’ll get some more box cutters attack us over here , Al - Qaeda in Iraq May Not Be Threat Here , Intelligence Experts Say Group Is Busy On Its Home Front
Al - Qaeda in Iraq is the United States ’ most formidable enemy in that country .
But unlike Osama bin Laden ’s al - Qaeda organization in Pakistan , U.S. intelligence officials and outside experts believe , the Iraqi branch poses little danger to the security of the U.S. homeland .
As the Democratic Congress continues to push for a military withdrawal , President Bush and Vice President Cheney have repeatedly warned that bin Laden plans to turn Iraq into the capital of an Islamic caliphate and a staging ground for attacks on the United States .
“ If we fail there , ” Bush said in a February news conference , “ the enemy will follow us here . ”
Attacking the United States clearly remains on bin Laden ’s agenda .
But the likelihood that such an attack would be launched from Iraq , many experts contend , has sharply diminished over the past year as al - Qaeda in Iraq ( AQI ) has undergone dramatic changes .
Once believed to include thousands of “ foreign fighters , ” it is now an overwhelmingly Iraqi organization whose aims are likely to remain focused on the struggle against the Shiite majority in Iraq , U.S. intelligence officials said .
Thou shall not bear false witness
People can wear the Siemens / Ekahau tags
The combination of Radio Frequency Identification ( RFID ) tags and wi-fi allows real - time tracking of objects or people inside a wireless network .
Angelo Lamme , from Motorola , said tracking students on a campus could help during a fire or an emergency .
" You would know where your people are at any given moment , " he said .
Marcus Birkl , head of wireless at Siemens , said location tracking of assets or people was one of the biggest incentives for companies , hospitals and education institutions to roll out wi-fi networks .
Both firms were at The Wireless Event , in London , this week selling new products in the area of so - called real - time location services .
Siemens is pushing a complete system , developed with Finnish firm Ekahau , which can track objects or people .
Battery powered
Battery - powered RFID tags are placed on an asset and they communicate with at least three wireless access points inside the network to triangulate a location .
There needs to be standards put in place so the data is not abused for other purposes
Marcus Birkl , head of wireless at Siemens
Mr Birkl said : " The tags have a piece of software on them and they detect the signal strength of different access points .
" This information is sent back to the server and it then models the movement of the tag depending on the shift in signal strength detected . "
For the system to work , the building or area that has been deployed with a wireless network needs to have been mapped and calibrated .
To effectively locate objects a wireless access point is needed every 30 metres and Siemens said it was able to pinpoint assets to within a metre of their actual position .
Mr Birkl said : " It 's very useful for the health care industry - where there are highly expensive pieces of mobile equipment that move around a hospital .
" At every point in the day health staff need to know where it is . "
The system can also be used to track wi-fi equipped devices , such as laptops , tablet PCs and wi-fi enabled phones .
" You can record movements over a period of time .
You can see if the security guard in the night makes the right rounds , for example , " said Mr Birkl .
He added : " You can set certain boundaries and parameters .
If a certain device enters or leaves an area it could trigger an alarm . "
' More popular '
As wi-fi becomes more popular in schools , the technology could also be used to track students .
RFID tags could track patients and equipment
" It has to be aligned with the understanding of the people who are tracked , " said Mr Birkl .
There have been privacy concerns expressed in some quarters about RFID tags , especially around the possible use of tags on shopping goods to monitor consumer spending habits .
RFID supporters have pointed out that the tags cannot be read at a great distance , but combining the technology with wi-fi raises the possibility of remote tracking .
Tags on products are typically passive - they have no power source and are only activated when read by a scanner in close proximity .
These tags contain only an identifying number and can be small enough to embed in a sheet of paper .
But the tags used in conjunction with a wi- fi network have to be active - they need a power source and have software installed on them that communicates with the wireless access points .
The tags , therefore , are larger in size , and currently are impractical for use on anything other than high value consumer goods or , potentially , on people .
" There needs to be standards put in place so the data is not abused for other purposes , " said Mr Birkl .
He added : " But there are clear benefits to keeping people safe . "
More than half of respondents to a recent pan-Europe consultation on RFID said regulations were needed to police the use of tags .
S.F. moves to stem African American exodus / Critics say effort to reverse longtime trend may be too late
Leaving San Francisco .
Chronicle Graphic Leaving San Francisco .
Chronicle Graphic Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close S.F. moves to stem African American exodus / Critics say effort to reverse longtime trend may be too late 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Joseph Blue has lived in San Francisco for 20 years and toughed out the drastic decline in its black population , a phenomenon that persists despite being recognized for decades as a problem .
Neighborhoods that once thrived with African American culture and black - owned businesses have all but disappeared .
" San Francisco no longer has a viable black community , " said Blue , an African American who lives in the Western Addition .
" The middle class is gone , and what we have left is underprivileged , uneducated , poor black folks . "
San Francisco officials are now calling the thousands of black people who have moved away " the African American diaspora , " and the mayor 's office is putting together a task force to figure out what can be done to preserve the remaining black population and cultivate new residents .
San Francisco's black population has dropped from 96,000 -- or 13.4 percent of the city -- in 1970 to an estimated 47,000 in 2005 , about 6.5 percent of city residents , according to the U.S. Census Bureau .
African Americans make up about 12.1 percent of the nation 's population overall .
" The decline is phenomenal , " said Hans Johnson , a demographer with the Public Policy Institute of California .
San Francisco is not alone .
From 1995 to 2000 , Oakland and neighborhoods of Los Angeles lost tens of thousands of black residents .
Not one West Coast city made a list of the nation 's top cities for African Americans compiled last year by Black Enterprise magazine based on income potential , the cost of living , proximity to employers and housing costs .
Most are in the South and most -- coincidentally or not -- have black mayors .
" We do n't even have any black leaders , " said Blue , who unsuccessfully ran for supervisor in 2004 .
" When I moved here , there was a vibrant and enthusiastic black culture that brought its own ethnic mix and vitality .
Now , the culture and the political influence have evaporated .
The population is so low that it is beyond saving . "
But Seattle and San Diego , which have reputations for being predominately white , had higher percentages of African Americans than San Francisco in 2005 , according to the Census Bureau 's American Community Survey .
In recent years , San Francisco 's black population has dropped faster than that of any other large city in the United States .
Though San Francisco is still often seen as diverse , it was 53 percent white and 33.5 percent Asian in 2005 , with Chinese Americans accounting for about two - thirds of Asian residents .
" This is something the community and the mayor have been concerned about , " said Fred Blackwell , director of the Mayor 's Office of Community Development .
" But we want to approach it in a real thoughtful way , a way that is solution focused . "
Supervisor Ross Mirkarimi , whose district includes the Western Addition , said the exodus has been 40 years in the making -- and the task force may be too little too late .
" There has been no plan to fix this , and any talk of a roundtable is bothersome because we are well beyond documenting the obvious , " Mirkarimi said .
" This exodus completely belies our credentials as a progressive city .
We need to spend time organizing in the community . "
Demographers cite economic success among black residents as the primary reason for the exodus .
But others , including those who still live here , say that after redevelopment pushed black people out of the Fillmore district in the late 1950s , there was no longer a strong black neighborhood .
The city 's black population peaked about 1970 , when 13.4 of San Franciscans were black .
Even the Bayview district , still considered predominately black , is not , though it is home to about one - third of the city 's black residents .
In 2000 , Bayview - Hunters Point was 46.9 percent black ; 28 percent Asian and Pacific Islander ; 4.9 percent white and 16.4 percent Hispanic of any race , according to the census .
Many analysts said the Bayview 's black population has fallen markedly in the last five years , but no firm count is available .
Oakland and other older cities have seen similar shifts .
Oakland 's population went from 46.9 percent black in 1980 -- when its proportion of African American residents peaked -- to 35.7 percent in 2000 , according to census counts .
The Census Bureau estimates that black people made up between 29 percent and 33.2 percent of Oakland residents in mid-2005 .
Johnson , the demographer , said many African Americans leave San Francisco for outlying suburbs when they have the means , just like members of other racial groups , in search of more of the trappings of middle - class life .
Although it is virtually impossible to track where people go , he said it is safe to say that Bay Area cities with growing black populations are seeing those gains because of San Francisco 's loss .
Most are in the East Bay and North Bay .
Vallejo's black population has doubled since 1980 to 26.8 percent .
In Pittsburg , the number of African Americans jumped to 19 percent in 2005 .
Suisun City is 19.3 percent black , and San Leandro 's black population went from 1 percent in 1980 to 12.2 percent in 2005 as the small East Bay city grew 21.3 percent overall .
" This is a concern because this city values having a diverse population , " said Greg Wagner , a program director at SPUR , the San Francisco Planning and Urban Research Association .
" But even if you can identify the causes , it is hard to know what you would do to stop it .
It is economics combined with cultural things that are tough to sort out .
There are restrictions in this state about what you can do that is racially based . "
Blackwell , of the mayor 's office , is in the process of pulling together prior studies , surveys and needs assessments addressing the issue .
He will look at some nationwide practices and then pick a task force , probably in May , to analyze both what is pushing people away from the city and what is pulling them toward other areas .
" We have a lot of information ; we do n't need to start from scratch , " Blackwell said .
On the task force will be San Francisco residents , business leaders , faith groups , community organizations , activists and families who have left .
" We will not only have the established leaders but new voices , " he said .
" This should not be framed as just stopping the flight .
We also need to put a better foot forward in being attractive to families , young professionals and low - income folks .
We will look at places that are gaining African American residents , find out what they are doing policy - wise , and replicate it . "
The exodus has been coming up in lots of discussions across the city recently because of current and planned development efforts in the Bayview and Hunters Point .
The Bayview Reporter runs an article or commentary in nearly every edition about how a proposal for redevelopment and private development at the former Hunters Point Naval Shipyard marks the end of any chance for African Americans to remain in the city .
" All of the city agencies are working to please the big developers and rich communities , " said Willie Ratcliff , the paper 's publisher .
" The supervisors want to grab the ground without any consideration for the people who have lived here and suffered through the environment , the shipyard and PG&E . "
On the role of scientific thought .
Essentially , this essay contains nothing new , on the contrary : its subject matter is so old , that sometimes it seems forgotten .
It is written in an effort to undo some of the more common misunderstandings that I encounter ( nearly daily ) in my professional world of computing scientists , programmers , computer users and computer designers , and even colleagues engaged in educational politics .
The decision to write this essay now was taken because I suddenly realized that my confrontation with this same pattern of misunderstanding was becoming a regularly itself repeating occurrence .
Whether the misappreciation of the proper role of scientific thought that I observe within the " computing community " is a phenomenon that is specific for the computing community , or whether it also a current phenomenon in other disciplines , is not for me to judge .
One thing seems certain : in the computing community itself we can find enough historical explanation , and we do n't need to look for outside influences when we try to understand how the phenomenon came about .
( This is not meant to say , that those outside influences have been absent ! )
As we shall see in a moment , the adjective " scientific " when used in the expression " scientific thought " more refers to a way of thinking than to what are the thoughts about : to use the Latin expressions : it refers to the " quo modo " rather than to the " quod " .
This partly explains why the tradition of scientific thought has only been imported into the computing world to such a limited extent by the many pioneers who immigrated in the early days from other scientific disciplines .
The early academics who became involved with computers all had had their training in other scientific disciplines and many of them were quite able to practice " scientific thought " in their original field of intellectual activity .
But for a great number of them , that had been the only confrontation with scientific thought .
As a result , it is understandable that they associated their notion of scientific thought as much with the specific field in which they had practiced it as with a general way of thinking that could ( and should ! ) be transferred to their new field of activity .
In addition , many of them must have felt that scientific thought was a luxury that one could afford in the more established disciplines , but not in the intellectual wilderness they now found themselves in .
But , as we shall also see in a short while , scientific thought is not a luxury made possible in established scientific disciplines , on the contrary : it has been the tool that has made the establishment of those disciplines possible !
Besides emigrants from other academic fields , the computing world has attracted people from all over the world : businessmen , administrators , operators , musicians , painters , unshaped youngsters , you name it , a vast majority of people with no scientific background at all .
By their sheer number they form all by themselves already an explanation for the phenomenon .
To introduce the subject , I would like to quote two paragraphs from a letter that I recently wrote to one of my professional friends .
" Let me try to explain to you , what to my taste is characteristic for all intelligent thinking .
It is , that one is willing to study in depth an aspect of one 's subject matter in isolation for the sake of its own consistency , all the time knowing that one is occupying oneself only with one of the aspects .
We know that a program must be correct and we can study it from that viewpoint only ; we also know that it should be efficient and we can study its efficiency on another day , so to speak .
In another mood we may ask ourselves whether , and if so : why , the program is desirable .
But nothing is gained — on the contrary ! — by tackling these various aspects simultaneously .
It is what I sometimes have called " the separation of concerns " , which , even if not perfectly possible , is yet the only available technique for effective ordering of one 's thoughts , that I know of .
This is what I mean by " focussing one 's attention upon some aspect " : it does not mean ignoring the other aspects , it is just doing justice to the fact that from this aspect 's point of view , the other is irrelevant .
It is being one - and multiple - track minded simultaneously .
" I remember walking with Ria when we were engaged — it was near Amsterdam 's Central Station — when I explained to her that I wanted to be glad and happy with my eyes fully open , without fooling myself in the belief that we lived in a pink world : to be happy to be alive in the full knowledge of all misery , our own included .... "
( End of quotation . )
Scientific thought comprises " intelligent thinking " as described above .
A scientific discipline emerges with the — usually rather slow ! — discovery of which aspects can be meaningfully " studied in isolation for the sake of their own consistency " , in other words : with the discovery of useful and helpful concepts .
Scientific thought comprises in addition the conscious search for the useful and helpful concepts .
The above should make it clear that I want to discuss the role of scientific thought for the sake of its practical value , that I want to explain my pragmatic appreciation of a tool .
It is no slip of the pen that the above quotation refers to the " effective ordering of one 's thoughts " : the efficiency of our thinking processes is what I am talking about .
I stress this pragmatic appreciation because I live in a culture in which much confusion has been created by talking about the so - called " academic virtues " ( sic ! ) with moral , ethical , religious and sometimes even political overtones .
Such overtones , however , only confuse the issue .
( If you so desire , you may observe here scientific thought in action : I do , for instance , not deny political aspects , I would be a fool if I did so !
The anti-intellectualistic backlash against " the technocrats " that is so en vogue today , is inspired by a — largely unjustified — fear for the power of him who really knows how to think and by a — more justified — fear for the actions of him who erroneously believes to know how to think .
These political considerations , however , have nothing to contribute to the technical problem of ordering one 's thoughts effectively , and that is the problem that I want to discuss " in isolation , for the sake of its own consistency " . )
I intend to describe for your illumination the most common cases in which the " average " computing scientist fails to separate the various concerns ; in doing so I hope and trust that my colleagues in the profession do interpret this as an effort to help them , rather than to insult them .
For the sake of the non-professional , I shall present the least technical cases first .
One of the concerns , the isolation of which seems most often neglected , is the concern for " general acceptance " .
( In the world of pure mathematics — with which I have some contacts — this problem seems to be fairly absent . )
The concern itself is quite legitimate .
If nobody reads the poems of a poet that wanted to communicate , this poet has failed , at least as a communicating poet .
Similarly , many computing scientists do n't just solve problems , but develop tools : theories , techniques , algorithms , software systems and programming languages .
And if those , that — they feel — could profit from their designs , prefer to ignore these inventions and to stick to their own , old , rotten routines , the authors get the miserable feeling of failure .
Have they ?
Yes and no .
They can adopt the Galileian attitude : " Nothing becomes true because tenthousand people believe it , nor false because tenthousand people refuse to do so . " , and can decide to feel themselves , in splendid isolation , superior to their fellow computer scientists for the rest of their lives .
I can deny no inventor who feels underappreciated , such a course of action .
I do n't recommend it either : the sterile pleasure of being right tends to get stale in the course of a lifetime .
If one 's aim is to design something useful , one should avoid designing something useless , because unused : in other words , I fully accept " general acceptance " as a legitimate concern .
We must , however , be willing to ignore this concern temporarily — for a few days or a few years , depending on what we are undertaking — for unwillingness to do so will paralyze us .
Some time ago I visited the computing center of a large research laboratory where they were expecting new computing equipment of such a radically different architecture , that my colleagues had concluded that a new programming language was needed for it if the potential concurrency were to be exploited to any appreciable degree .
But they got their language design never started because they felt that their product should be so much like FORTRAN that the casual user would hardly notice the difference " for otherwise our users wo n't accept it " .
They circumvented the problem of explaining to their user community how the new equipment could be used at best advantage by failing to discover what they should explain .
It was a rather depressing visit ....
The proper technique is clearly to postpone the concerns for general acceptance until you have reached a result of such a quality that it deserves acceptance .
It is the significance of your message that should justify the care that you give to its presentation , it may be its " unusualness " that makes extra care necessary .
And , secondly , what is " general " ?
Has Albert Einstein failed because the Theory of Relativity is too difficult for the average highschool student ?
Another separation of concerns that is very commonly neglected is the one between correctness and desirability of a software system .
Over the last years I have lectured for all sorts of audiences about the techniques that may assist us in designing programs such that one can prove a priori that they meet their specifications .
One of the standard objections raised from the floor is along the following lines : " What you have shown is very nice for the little mathematical examples with which you illustrated the techniques , but we are afraid that they are not applicable in the world of business data processing , where the problems are much harder , because there one always has to work with imperfect and ambiguous specifications . "
From a logical point of view , this objection is nonsense : if your specifications are contradictory , life is very easy , for then you know that no program will satisfy them , so , make " no program " ; if your specifications are ambiguous , the greater the ambiguity , the easier the specifications are to satisfy ( if the specifications are absolutely ambiguous , every program will satisfy them ! ) .
Pointing that out , however , seldom satisfies the man who raised the objection .
What he meant , of course , was something different .
He meant something along the following lines : " We make something with the best of intentions in the hope of satisfying a need as we understand it , but when our product has been put into action , it does not perform satisfactorily and how are we to discover whether we have correctly made the wrong thing or whether there is just a silly bug somewhere ? " .
The point is that that this question is empty as long as the specifications do not define — are not accepted to define by definition — what the system is supposed to do .
It is like asking the judge to settle a business dispute caused by the absence of a contract stating the mutual rights and obligations .
It is the sole purpose of the specifications to act as the interface between the system 's users and the system 's builders .
The task of " making a thing satisfying our needs " as a single responsibility is split into two parts " stating the properties of a thing , by virtue of which it would satisfy our needs " and " making a thing guaranteed to have the stated properties " .
Business data processing systems are sufficiently complicated to require such a separation of concerns and the suggestion that in that part of the computing world " scientific thought is a non-applicable luxury " puts the cart before the horse : the mess they are in has been caused by too much unscientific thought .
But from the above , please do n't conclude that unscientific thought is restricted to the business world !
In Departments of Computing Science , one of the most common confusions is the one between a program and its execution , between a programming language and its implementation .
I always find this very amazing : the whole vocabulary to make the distinction is generally available , and also , the very similar confusion between and computer and its order code , remarkably enough , is quite rare .
But it is a deep confusion of long standing .
One of the oldest examples is presented by the LISP 1.5 Manual : halfway their description of the programming language LISP , its authors give up and from then onwards try to complement their incomplete language definition by an equally incomplete sketch of a specific implementation .
Needless to say , I have not been able to learn LISP from that booklet !
I would not worry , if the confusion were restricted to old documents , but , regretfully enough , the confusion is still very popular .
At an international summer school in 1973 , a very well - known professor of Computing Science made the statement that " ALGOL 60 was a very inefficient language " , while what he really meant was that with the equipment available to him , he and his people had not been able to implement ALGOL 60 efficiently .
( That is what he meant , he did not mean to say it ! )
Another fairly well - known professor of computing science has repeatedly argued in public that there is no point in proving the correctness of one 's programs written in a higher - level language " because , how do you know that its compiler is correct ? " .
In the motivation of a recent research proposal doubt is cast upon the adequacy of " the axiomatic semantics approach " as it may lead to deductive systems that are " undesirable in that they may not accurately reflect the actual executions of programs " .
It is like casting doubt on Peano 's Axiomatization of the Natural Numbers on the ground that some people make mistakes when they try to do an addition !
On the one hand we have the physical equipment ( the implementation ) , on the other hand we have the formal system ( programming language ) .
It is perhaps a question of taste — I do n't believe so — to whom of the two we give the primacy , that is whether it is the task of the formal system to give an accurate description of ( certain aspects of ) the physical equipment , or whether it is the task of the physical equipment to provide an accurate model for the formal system — and I prefer the latter — .
But under no circumstance we should confuse the two !
I have — I think — very good reasons for my preference , because if I cannot appreciate a formal system for the sake of its own consistency , but must view it as a description of physical equipment , I could not deal with a programming language that has not been implemented !
( And that is , for instance , exactly what a language designer has to do . )
The confusion is perhaps most clearly demonstrated by the often expressed opinion that " one can not use a programming language that has not been implemented " .
But this is nonsense , of course one can !
One can use any well - defined programming language , whether implemented or not , for writing programs in ; it is only when you want to use those programs to evoke computations , that you need an implementation as well .
Being well - defined , rather than being implemented , is a programming language 's vital characteristic .
The above remarks are no jokes , nor puns , on the contrary : they are pertinent to multi-million - dollar mistakes .
They imply for instance that the development projects — erroneously called " research projects " — aiming at the production of " natural language programming systems " — currently en vogue again — are chasing their own tails .
Note ( which I hate to add , because it is nearly an insult to my readers , whom its inclusion accuses of possible superficiality ) .
I have not said that when considering a programming language , one should not care about its implementability : one had better !
But also this concern , no matter how serious , is one we should try to isolate .
( End of note . )
In my opening paragraph I also mentioned colleagues engaged in educational politics .
The writing of this essay was , as a matter of fact , also prompted by a recent study of two Computing Science Curricula at university level .
They were from different sides of the Atlantic Ocean , but shockingly similar in two respects : unbelievably elaborate budgets and a total lack of understanding of what constitutes a scientific discipline .
A scientific discipline separates a fraction of human knowledge from the rest : we have to do so , because , compared with what could be known , we have very , very small heads .
It also separates a fraction of the human abilities from the rest ; again , we have to do so , because the maintenance of our non-trivial abilities requires that they are exercised daily and a day — regretfully enough — has only 24 hours .
( This explains , why the capable are always busy . )
But of course , any odd collection of scraps of knowledge and an arbitrary bunch of abilities , both of the proper amount , do not constitute a scientific discipline : for the separation to be meaningful , we have also an internal and an external requirement .
The internal requirement is one of coherence : the knowledge must support the abilities and the abilities must enable us to improve the knowledge .
The external requirement is one of what I usually call " a thin interface " ; the more self - supporting such an intellectual subuniverse , the less detailed the knowledge that its practitioners need about other areas of human endeavour , the greater its viability .
In the terminology of the computing scientist I should perhaps call our scientific disciplines " the natural intellectual modules of our culture " .
( When the layman asks the computing scientist , what is meant by " Modularization " , a reference to the way in which the knowledge in the world has been arranged , is probably the best concise answer . )
In view of the preceding it becomes quite obvious why many earlier efforts to concoct Computing Science Curricula at our universities have been such dismal failures .
They were just cocktails !
For lack of other ingredients , they tried to combine scraps of knowledge from the most diverse fields that seemed to have some relation to the phenomenon Computer .
That the ingredients of the cocktail did not mix into a coherent whole , is not surprising ; that the cocktail did not taste too well , is not surprising either .
In those early days , the only alternative was waiting , as for instance still in 1969 urged by Strachey : " I am quite convinced that in fact computing will become a very important science .
But at the moment we are in a very primitive state of development ; we do n't know the basic principles yet and we must learn them first .
If universities spend their time teaching the state of the art , they will not discover these principles and that , surely , is what academics should be doing . "
I could not agree more .
Now , of course , one can argue whether five years later we computing scientists have enough of sufficiently lasting value that can be " studied in isolation , for the sake of its consistency " .
I think that now we have enough to start , but if you think Strachey 's advice still appropriate now , you have my full sympathy .
The two recent ( ! ) curriculum proposals I just referred to , however , presented the old cocktail as if absolutely nothing had happened , and , not as a timid first step , but as the final goal .....
And when scientists no longer know , what science is supposed to be about , we are in bad shape .
Hence this essay .
30th August 1974
Burroughs
Plataanstraat 5
NUENEN - 4565 The Netherlands prof.dr .
Edsger W.Dijkstra
Burroughs Research Fellow
g x = if abs ( x - 0.7 ) < 0.4 then x else g ( cos x )
sqr x = convAbs $ iterate improve 1 where improve r = ( r + x /r ) / 2 convAbs ( x1:x2 : _ ) | abs ( x1 - x2 ) < 1e - 10 = x2 convAbs ( _:xs ) = convAbs xs
data PD = P Double Double deriving ( Eq , Ord , Show ) instance Num PD where P x x ' +
P y y' = P ( x+y ) ( x '+y ' ) P x x ' - P y y' = P ( x - y ) ( x ' -y ' ) P x x ' * P y y' = P ( x*y ) ( x*y ' + y'*x ) fromInteger i = P ( fromInteger i ) 0
data PD a = P a a deriving ( Eq , Ord , Show ) instance Num a => Num ( PD a ) where ...
... abs ( P x x ' ) = P ( abs x ) ( signum x * x ' ) signum ( P x x ' ) = P ( signum x ) 0 instance Fractional a => Fractional ( PD a ) where P x x ' / P y y' = P ( x / y ) ( ( x '*y - x*y ' ) / ( y * y ) ) fromRational r = P ( fromRational r) 0
Main > sqr ( P 9 1 ) P 3.0 0.16666666666666666
data Dif a = D a ( Dif a ) val ( D x _ ) = x df ( D _ x ' ) = x ' dVar x = D x 1 instance ( Show a ) =>
Show ( Dif a ) where show x = show ( val x ) instance ( Eq a ) => Eq ( Dif a ) where x == y = val x == val y instance ( Ord a ) =>
Ord ( Dif a ) where x `compare` y = val x `compare` val y instance ( Num a ) =>
Num ( Dif a ) where D x x ' + D y y' = D ( x + y ) ( x ' + y ') D x x ' - D y y' = D ( x - y ) ( x ' - y ') p@( D x x ' ) * q@( D y y') = D ( x * y ) ( x ' * q + p * y ') fromInteger i = D ( fromInteger i ) 0 abs p@( D x x ' ) = D ( abs x ) ( signum p * x ' ) signum ( D x _ ) = D ( signum x ) 0 instance ( Fractional a ) => Fractional ( Dif a ) where recip ( D x x ' ) = ip where ip = D ( recip x ) ( - x ' * ip * ip ) fromRational r = D ( fromRational r) 0
dVar
Main > sqr $ dVar 9 3.0 Main > df $ sqr $ dVar 9 0.16666666666666669 Main > df $ df $ sqr $ dVar 9 - 9.259259259259259e -3 Main > df $ df $ df $ sqr $ dVar 9 1.5432098765432098e-3
lift ( f : f ' ) p@( D x x ' ) = D ( f x ) ( x ' * lift f ' p ) instance ( Floating a ) =>
Floating ( Dif a ) where pi = D pi 0 exp ( D x x ' ) = r where r = D ( exp x ) ( x ' * r ) log p@( D x x ' ) = D ( log x ) ( x ' / p ) sqrt ( D x x ' ) = r where r = D ( sqrt x ) ( x ' / ( 2 * r ) ) sin = lift ( cycle [ sin , cos , negate .
sin , negate . cos ] ) cos = lift ( cycle [ cos , negate .
sin , negate . cos , sin ] ) acos p@( D x x ' ) = D ( acos x ) ( - x ' / sqrt ( 1 - p*p ) ) asin p@( D x x ' ) = D ( asin x ) ( x ' / sqrt ( 1 - p*p ) ) atan p@( D x x ' ) = D ( atan x ) ( x ' / ( p*p - 1 ) ) sinh x = ( exp x - exp ( - x ) ) / 2 cosh x = ( exp x + exp ( - x ) ) / 2 asinh x = log ( x + sqrt ( x*x + 1 ) ) acosh x = log ( x + sqrt ( x*x - 1 ) ) atanh x = ( log ( 1 + x ) - log ( 1 - x ) ) / 2
Main > g 10 0.6681539175313869 Main > g ( dVar 10 ) 0.6681539175313869 Main > df $ g ( dVar 10 ) 0.4047642621121782 Main > df $ df $ g ( dVar 10 ) 0.4265424381635987 Main > df $ df $ df $ g ( dVar 10 ) - 1.4395397945007182
1
n+1
n
n
n
findZero f = convRel $ cut $ iterate step start where step x = x - val fx / val ( df fx ) where fx = f ( dVar x ) start = 1 -- just some value epsilon = 1e - 10 cut = (++ error " No convergence in 1000 steps " ) .
take 1000 convRel ( x1:x2 : _ ) | x1 == x2 || abs ( x1+x2 ) / abs ( x1 - x2 ) > 1/ epsilon = x2 convRel ( _:xs ) = convRel xs
f x
Main > findZero ( \x -> x*x - 9 ) 3.0 Main > findZero ( \x -> sin x - 0.5 ) 0.5235987755982989 Main > sin it 0.5 Main > findZero ( \x -> x*x + 9 ) *** Exception : No convergence in 1000 steps Main > findZero ( \x -> sqr x - 3 ) 9.0
Data.Number .Symbolic Dif3 > let x :: Num a =>
Dif ( Sym a ) ; x = dVar ( var " x " ) Data.Number .Symbolic Dif3 > df $ x*x x+x Data.Number .Symbolic Dif3 > df $ sin x cos x Data .
Number .
Symbolic Dif3 > df $ sin ( exp ( x - 4 ) * x ) ( exp ( - 4.0+x ) * x+exp ( - 4.0+x ) ) * cos ( exp ( - 4.0+x ) * x ) Data.Number .Symbolic Dif3 > df $ df $ sin ( exp ( x - 4 ) * x ) ( exp ( - 4.0+x ) * x+exp ( - 4.0+x ) +exp ( - 4.0+x ) ) * cos ( exp ( - 4.0+x ) * x ) +( exp ( - 4.0+x ) * x+exp ( - 4.0+x ) ) *( exp ( - 4.0+x ) * x+exp ( - 4.0+x ) ) *( - sin ( exp ( - 4.0 +x ) * x ) )
I will continue my overloading by some examples that have been nicely illustrated by an article by Jerzy Karczmarczuk .
And blogged about by sigfpe .
But at least I 'll end this entry with a small twist I 've not seen before .
When computing the derivative of a function you normally do by either symbolic derivation , or by a numerical approximation .
Say that you have a functionand you want to know the derivative at .
Doing it symbolically you first getusing high school calculus ( maybe they do n't teach it in high school anymore ? ) , and then you plug in 5 Computing it by numeric differentiation you computefor some small h .
Let 's pick h=1e - 5 , and we get = 10.000009999444615 .
Close , but not that good .
So why do n't we always use the symbolic method ?
Well , some functions are not that easy to differentiate .
Take this one
What 's the derivative ?
Well , it 's tricky because this is not really a proper definition of .
It 's an equation that if solved will yield a definition of .
And like equations in general , it could have zero , one , or many solutions .
( If we happen to use CPOs there is always a unique smallest solution which is what programs compute , as if by magic . )
If you thinkis contrived , lets pick a different example : computing the square root with Newton - Raphson .
So symbolic is not so easy here , and numeric differentiation is not very accurate .
But there is a third way !
Automatic differentiation .
The idea behind AD is that instead of computing with with just numbers , we instead compute with pairs of numbers .
The first component is the normal number , and the second component is the derivative .
What are the rules for these numbers ?
Let 's look at additionTo add two numbers you just add the regular part and the derivatives .
For multiplication you have to remember how to compute the derivative of a product :
So for our pairs we geti.e. , first the regular product , then the derivative according to the recipe above .
Let 's see how it works on We want the derivative at .
So what is the pair we use for ?
It is ( 5 , 1 ) .
Why ?
Well it has to be 5 for the regular part , and since this representsand the derivative ofis 1 , the pair is ( 5 , 1 ) .
In the right hand side for f we need to replace 1 by ( 1,0 ) , since the derivative of a constant is 0 .
So then we getusing the rules above .
And look !
There is the normal result , 26 , as well as the derivative , 10 .
Let 's turn this into Haskell , using the type PD to hold a pair of DoublesA first observation is that there is nothing Double specific in this definitions ; it would work for any Num .
So we can change it toLet 's also add abs&signum and the Fractional instanceWe can now try the sqr example
The derivative of x**0.5 is 0.5*x**( - 0.5 ) , i.e. , 0.5*9**( - 0.5 ) = 0.5/3 = 0.16666666666666666 .
So we got the right answer .
BTW , if you want to be picky the derivative of signum is not 0 .
The signum function makes a jump from - 1 to 1 at 0 .
So the " proper " value would be 2*dirac , if dirac is a Dirac pulse .
But since we do n't have numbers with Dirac pulses ( yet ) , I 'll just pretend the derivative is 0 everywhere .
The very clever insight that Jerzy had was that when doing these numbers in Haskell there is no need to limit yourself to just the first derivative .
Since Haskell is lazy we can easily keep an infinite list of all derivatives instead of just the first one .
Let 's look at how that definition looks .
It 's very similar to what we just did .
But instead of the derivative being just a number , it 's now one of our new numbers with a value , and all derivatives ...
Since we are now dealing with an infinite data structure we need to define our own show , ( == ) , etc .
This looks simple , but it 's rather subtle .
For instance , take the 0 in the definition of fromInteger .
It 's actually of Dif type , so it 's a recursive call to fromInteger .
So let 's try with our sqr function again , this time computing up to the third derivative .
Theis used to create a value for " variable " where we want to differentiate .
And the transcendentals in a similar way :
And why not try the function g we defined above ?
It all works very nicely .
So now when we can compute the derivative of a function , let 's define something somewhat more interesting with it .
Let 's revisit the sqr function again .
It uses Newton - Raphson to find the square root .
How does Newton - Raphson actually work ?
Given a differentiable function , , it finds a zero by starting with someand then iteratinguntil we meet some convergence criterion .
Using this , let 's define a function that finds a zero of another function :
The only interesting part is the step function that does one iteration with Newton - Raphson .
It computesand then divides the normal value with the derivative .
We then produce the infinite list of approximations using step , then cut it of at some point ( in case it does n't converge ) , and then we look down the list for two values that are within some relative epsilon .
And it even seems to work .
Note how it finds a zero of the sqr function which is actually using recursion internally to compute the square root .
So now we can compute numerical derivatives .
But wait !
We also have symbolic numbers .
Can we combine them ?
Of course , that is the power of polymorphism .
Let 's load up both modules :
We define x to be a differentiable number , " the variable " , over symbolic numbers , over some numbers .
And then we just happily use df to get the differentiated versions .
So we set out to compute numeric derivatives , and we got these for free .
Not too bad .
One final note , the Dif type is defined above can be made more efficient by not keeping all the infinite tails with 0 derivatives around .
In a real module for this , you 'd want to make this optimization .
[ Edit : fixed typo . ]
Labels : Haskell , overloading
Bookslut will tell you " not , " but you would be missing something special .
Most generally , revel in the language , the fun , and the set pieces .
Do n’t look for deeper meanings , in my view there ai n’t none , and for the better .
My specific tips :
1. V : Published when Pynchon was 24 .
Read it once , straight through , without trying to make sense of it .
Then read it again .
Companion to V. is a useful supplement .
2. The Crying of Lot 49 .
Short , fun , and somewhat scrutable .
It is a common introduction to Pynchon , although Pynchon himself dismisses its importance .
3. Gravity ’s Rainbow : The masterpiece .
It does n’t matter if you do n’t finish it , the story falls apart in any case .
Even reading the first fifty pages yields a high return .
4. Vineland :
This short novel came after a 17 - year hiatus .
It has its defenders , but I find it unreadable and unpleasant .
5. Mason & Dixon : I love the 18th century , so you might think I could get into this one .
Pam Regis tells me it has to be read aloud .
6. Against the Day : The new 1200 - page monstrosity .
How to read it ?
Lean it against your sofa , and wait until your wife starts complaining about it , thereby prompting you to pick it up and get it out of the way …
The bottom line : Pynchon is about the highest - IQ author out there , a mixed blessing .
Start with Gravity ’s Rainbow , or V , and hope for the best .
# 15 in a series of 50 .
The first few versions of Excel ( 1.0 through 4.0 ) had a rudimentary macro programming capability using a programming language so embarassing that it never had a name , although it was sometimes called XLM ( its file extension ) .
In 1991 , Visual Basic 1.0 had just shipped to rave reviews .
Combining a graphical UI builder similar to NeXTSTEP ’s Interface Builder with a simple Basic programming language that was highly compatible with QuickBasic , it rapidly became the best selling programming language , a position it maintained until droves of developers switched to web development .
Much as professional programmers sneer at the Basic programming language , market research unambiguously showed that about 2/3rds of the kinds of accidental programmers who develop macros preferred Basic to other languages and perceived it to be easy .
Thus , the obvious choice for Excel ’s next macro language was some version of Visual Basic .
There were a bunch of complicated requirements , though .
Excel was cross platform .
The Mac version sold very well .
To be a good Mac player , Microsoft had to support Apple ’s cross-application scripting architecture , Apple Events .
Rather than implement two object models , the Excel team concluded that the object model for Excel had to be Apple Events compatible .
For complicated reasons , the Visual Basic engine was n’t object oriented “ enough . ”
In particular , objects could have properties , but those properties could n’t , themselves , be objects .
Visual Basic 1.0 did n’t support things like “ rows ( 1) .cells ( 2).value ” because the row object could n’t contain another object .
The VB team implemented an all - new version , for both Macintosh ( System 7 on Motorola 68 k ) and Windows ( 3.0 on 16 bit processors ) .
This became Visual Basic for Applications , and , soon thereafter , the standalone version , Visual Basic 4.0 .
The whole effort took quite a bit of work .
However , it was seen as extremely “ strategic . ”
Here ’s what that meant .
Microsoft thought that if people wrote lots and lots of VBA code , they would be locked in to Microsoft Office .
They thought that no matter how hard their competitors tried ( in those days , they were Borland , Lotus , and , to a far lesser extent , Claris ) , they would not be able to emulate the VBA programming environment and the gigantic Excel object model perfectly .
At some point , any Excel VBA macro they tried to run would get in trouble and crash .
This is the same reason apps under Mono , Wine , etc. hardly ever work the first time out of the box : in any large API or programming interface , there are so many subtle , undocumented details of the behavior , which programmers may be depending on without even realizing it , that any emulation environment will inevitably be imperfect .
In the brittle world of programming , such imperfections often mean your program crashes long before it does anything useful .
You do n’t get partial credit when you try to emulate an API .
In essence , in addition to giving Excel users a nice programming language , Microsoft was building a highly strategic barrier to entry , and locking in Excel users , especially corporate users who are most likely to build large systems based on macros .
Eventually , all the Office apps came along : Word , Project , Access , Outlook .
What was a strategic lock - in for Excel grew to have major strategic value for the whole Office system .
Last August Microsoft decided to drop VBA from the Macintosh versions of Office .
Despite complicated technical explanations , every development decision like this is based on a cost / benefit analysis .
Mac users are less likely than Windows users to have business - critical macros , simply because Macs are rarer in large business .
But what ’s really interesting about this story is how Microsoft has managed to hoist itself by its own petard .
By locking in users and then not supporting their own lock - in features , they ’re effectively making it very hard for many Mac Office 2004 users to upgrade to Office 2008 , forcing a lot of their customers to reevaluate which desktop applications to use .
It ’s the same story with VB 6 and VB .
Net , and it ’s the same story with Windows XP and Vista .
When Microsoft lost the backwards - compatibility religion that had served them so well in the past , they threatened three of their most important businesses ( Office , Windows , and Basic ) , businesses which are highly dependent on upgrade revenues .
PS : in researching this article , I tried to open some of my notes which were written in an old version of Word for Windows .
Word 2007 refused to open them for “ security ” reasons and pointed me on a wild - goose chase of knowledge base articles describing obscure registry settings I would have to set to open old files .
It is extremely frustrating how much you have to run in place just to keep where you were before with Microsoft ’s products , where every recent release requires hacks , workarounds , and patches just to get to where you were before .
I have started recommending to my friends that they stick with Windows XP , even on new computers , because the few new features on Vista just do n’t justify the compatibility problems .
PPS : I was a member of the Excel Program Management team from 1991 - 1993 , where I wrote the spec for VBA for Excel .
You have already voted for this video .
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
She 's not only adorable - but dead on !
Watch this amazing 6 year old sing Somewhere Over the Rainbow PERFEC ...
She 's not only adorable - but dead on !
Watch this amazing 6 year old sing Somewhere Over the Rainbow PERFECTLY on Britain 's Got Talent .
Even Simon was impressed !
WOW .
Others who have ended up on the frontlines in the so - called " war on terror " have suffered a crisis of conscience , having had to fight fellow Arabs and Muslims as the " enemy " .
Three Arab - American marines tell their stories .
JAMAL BAADANI
Jamal Baadani is a gunnery sergeant currently stationed at Quantico Marine Corp Base in Washington DC .
He served in Yemen for Operation Enduring Freedom , and won three awards for his services .
He is also the founder of Apaam , the Association of Patriotic Arab - Americans in the Military - prompted by the backlash of racism he and his family were subjected to after the 11 September attacks on New York and Washington in 2001 .
Jamal Baadani founded Apaam in response to racist abuse
I did n't know any English , but I was always interested in the military - as I grew up during the Yom Kippur war of 1973 .
That environment made Egyptians feel patriotic , nationalistic .
It was about caring for your nation , serving your nation .
When I was in Egypt , that was Egypt .
But when I came to the US , I realised this is my country now .
My father did n't want me to join the military - not because he thought the military was bad , but because he thought I was going to be a doctor , a lawyer or an engineer .
After 9/11 , my uncle , who had worked for a large car manufacturer for over 30 years , called me crying - saying ' please send me a picture of you in uniform ; I need to prove my patriotism to my fellow workers . '
I was out with a couple of my marines , and a woman came up to say ' I want to thank you for serving our country , especially at this time . '
Then she asked me where I was from .
When I said , ' Egypt ' , she had this look on her face and she said , ' you 're a terrorist . '
And that was in a Marine Corp uniform .
I cussed her out - I called her every name under the sun .
I 'm an American too - how dare she tell me I was something different .
But our community sometimes does that to our own .
They say , ' you 're not worthy , because you 're serving the military . '
But they do n't understand that we 're serving and helping the community .
When it comes to self - determination , who has the right to tell someone what they are and what they are not - just because it does not fit with their image ?
MUHAMMED KHALED
Born to a Palestinian father and American mother , Mohammad Khaled joined the US Marines in 2000 to pay for his education .
Three years later he found himself in Iraq .
He left in 2006 , after an incident in which he was left stranded while trying to save three children from incoming fire .
He now works as a car salesman .
Muhammed Khaled found himself the target of young stone - throwers
Unfortunately the government kicks in , which is like the military - and your heart starts splitting in half .
Ironically , our enemy usually is somewhere in the Middle East - it 's my cousins , my family .
I was drawn to the Marines not necessarily by the action , but by the discipline and the order - how the military life is .
It is not civilian ; it has rules and regulations .
I really thought this would do it for me .
I thought I would do four years of active service - I did n't even know about the inactive reserves ; I did not know that you really sign up to eight years , not four .
When you get to Nashville , everything changes .
A recruiter reminds me of what I do right now , as a car salesman .
I 'm trying to sell you a car , whether you like it or not .
I 'd like you to like it , because it 'll make my life easier .
But I know you need wheels .
I 'll be honest - I think it was kind of like brainwashing .
You start wanting to believe that you 're going there to help .
When I was a kid , I was one of those guys that threw rocks at the Israelis , and I was really good at it .
I became so good at it I became famous for it .
Seriously , the only thing that got me out of trouble was my American passport .
In the summer of 2004 , we were in the city of Haditha in Iraq , in a convoy tippy - toeing around .
We were so scared , it was n't funny .
I was shaking .
As we passed the Haditha Middle School , we got a shower of rocks .
They were flying off my flak jacket and my helmet .
I felt so tiny , and so fogged - up with emotion .
Because that kid throwing rocks used to be me .
A rock hit me at the heart .
I kept it .
RAJAI HAKKI
Rajai Hakki is Muhammed Khaled 's friend , and served with him in Iraq between 2003 and 2006 , when he was honourably discharged .
He comes from a privileged family of Syrian origin .
Rajai Hakki was on the New York Times front page when war began
So I told my unit that I spoke Arabic - and I wanted to go to Iraq and be part of the war .
I wanted to be a Marine .
I wanted to fight .
We 're Muslim .
Islam teaches us to be a good citizen .
For me at that time , that is here in America .
This is my country now .
This is where my children were born .
This is where I 'm going to die .
This is the country that is providing my family hope and the pursuit of dreams .
In Iraq I worked as a translator for the interrogation teams .
We caught this guy , and he gave out 25 names or so .
We went on an arresting spree .
I went in there , and began a quick investigation .
I started noticing something - all of the last names were the same .
I thought there was something fishy here .
I started asking questions - and sure enough , they were all the same family .
This guy had revenge in mind .
He was one of the cousins - he named his own father - because daddy did not approve of him marrying .
I dug deeper - it turns out he was so annoyed with his family he wanted them all sent to Abu Ghraib .
The family was released .
In Iraq , they tell you there 's a smell of death - and there is .
It 's nasty , it makes you nauseous .
You end up having to shoot the dogs - because you 'll see dogs in the street with human parts , like hands , in their mouths .
I am not going to defend anybody - but unfortunately , as much as we tried not to kill civilians , some do get killed .
We gave a big warning for civilians to leave the towns , but some have nowhere to go .
Once you 've seen the first kid that died , and the first woman - later on , it got so normal , it was just like a movie .
You just fast - forward .
My family is afraid of the Syrian intelligence service .
My father is blacklisted - he can't go back .
I 've been called a ' race traitor ' - and that hurts , because I consider myself an Arab - American .
I love the Arab world , and I love my Arab roots .
And I really miss Syria , I wish I could go back .
In my previous article , Misconception : Renting is for Suckers , I wrote that there comes a point when it makes more sense to rent an apartment than buy a home .
For myself , I have a rule of thumb that for every $ 1 dollar I spend in rent a month I can afford to buy up to $ 125 in property .
Right now I pay $ 1000 in rent , so using my rule I should n’t spend more than $ 125,000 on a home .
This created a surprising amount of controversy ; some exclaiming me a heretic , and some accusing me of house - hating .
For those of you who wanted to know where that number came from , wait no longer — and I ’ve put together a calculator for you to figure out how much you should spend on a home .
But wait …
Is n’t buying always better ?
For those who view buying a home as an investment , there comes a point when it makes more sense to rent than buy .
There are many expenses involved in owning a home that need to be weighed against the cost of renting , such as property taxes , maintenance , repairs , and major expenses such as a new roof or appliances .
If you pay too much for a house , your expenses will be greater than your current rent .
In essence , your house would be costing you more money !
There are three major benefits of home ownership : equity , reduced taxes and appreciation .
These benefits are great , but they run out at some point and do n’t automatically make buying a better option .
The question is when is buying the better option ?
What we need to do is figure out at what point the costs and benefits of home ownership become equal or less than renting .
So how much should I pay ?
In my last article I wrote that my rule of thumb is for every dollar of rent I spend , I can buy up to $ 125 in property .
That means with my $ 1,000 / mn rent , I should buy a home that costs no more than $ 125,000 .
That ’s unfortunate for me because it ’s nearly impossible to find anything habitable for that price in Northern NJ where I live .
Therefore for me renting is the better choice .
But the ratio is different for everyone because it is affected by a number of variables and from what I ’ve seen the ratio typically ranges between 100:1 and 190:1 .
The factors that impact the ratio the most are :
How much you can spend as down payment .
Larger down payment ; higher ratio .
How many itemized deductions you have .
More itemized deductions ; higher ratio .
How much property taxes are in your area .
Lower property taxes ; higher ratio .
What the current interest rates are .
Lower interest rates ; higher ratio .
I ’ve built a calculator in Excel for you to use that will tell you the most you should spend on a house .
You simply open the file , enter in a few variables and use Goal Seek to figure out how much you should spend on a house .
You can also look into help to buy a house .
You can also use a mortgage rate calculator to determine your total mortgage payment based on interest and loan amount .
Take a few minutes to download and play with the calculator .
If you have questions please post a comment here or email me at chris {at} investorgeeks * com , and I ’ll get back to you as soon as I can .
Why tax benefits are overhyped
In my previous article I wrote that tax deductions were flakey , and therefore I did n’t include them in my calculations .
That was probably too hasty and I have now included them in my calculator .
Tax deductions can result in real savings , but because of the Standard Deduction the benefit you receive from your mortgage and property taxes will vary based on how many other deductions you have in a given year .
When you look at the tax benefits of owning a home you have to look at the extra tax benefit you receive above and beyond the Standard Deduction because you ca n’t take it if you itemize your expenses .
Think of the Standard Deduction as a hole .
If you want to save a pile of money , you first have to fill the hole .
The more deductions you have , the smaller the hole will be when you include your potential home deductions .
If you cannot itemize any other deductions other than mortgage interest , the standard deduction ( $ 5,000 for single filers ) will in essence be deducted from your mortgage interest .
So if you ’re single and you can deduct $ 6,000 in mortgage interest and $ 3,000 in property taxes , you ’ll be able to itemize $ 9,000 .
But the tricky part is that it ’s only going to reduce your taxable income by $ 4,000 because your standard deduction is now gone .
The more deductions you can itemize , the more your taxes will be reduced when you buy a home .
To see just how much your current itemized deductions affect your price ratio take a look at the following table .
Downpayment Taxes Deductions Price Ratio $ 20,000 2.5 % $ 0 118:1 $ 20,000 2.5 % $ 2,500 125:1 $ 20,000 2.5 % $ 5,000 132:1
In this case , the difference between having no itemized deductions and expenses equal to the standard deduction meant a ratio increase of 12 % .
Even with a higher down payment and lower taxes , maximizing your deductible expenses could increase the price ratio by 5 - 10 % .
My calculator has built - in support for tax benefits so it does the work for you .
Simply enter in the standard deduction that applies to you and how many deductions you can itemize this year , and it will do the rest .
I still wo n’t bet the farm on appreciation
Many people criticized my last article that I did n’t take appreciation into account , but I ’m okay with that .
I ’ve built appreciation into the calculator if you ’d like to include it in your analysis , but I like to sleep well at night , so I want my house to be financially sound on a cash flow basis first so that bull markets are even sweeter .
Using leverage may mean huge returns but it can also mean devastating losses .
The market right now is in a very weird spot , and it could keep going up or it could fall precipitously .
With all bets off on the direction of the market , I ’ll err on the conservative side .
You should buy a home …
Eventually !!
The reaction to my previous article uncovered something that I had already suspected : people have strongly - held beliefs about home buying .
Let me assuage those people now .
A home is a place to live , and if you feel strongly about buying a home because you ’re looking to start a family or settle down for 10 + years , then I encourage you to buy a home .
However , for those of us who are still young and will likely not keep our next home for more than a few years , then I encourage you to look at buying a home as an investment .
And just like any investment , there is an element of timing .
The motto is not " buy high , sell low " and likewise we should not buy when home prices are overvalued .
Home buying should be for everyone , but that does n’t mean it has to happen today .
If the numbers work for you then make the leap cause you are leaving money on the table by renting .
Otherwise , sit back and relax as your landlord mows your lawn for you and you wait for the right time to buy .
The more you can stash away in the bank now , the bigger your down payment will eventually be and the more you can afford to pay for a home .
Wrapping it Up
Buying a home is n’t always the best option .
There comes a point when home ownership will actually cost you more money than renting .
Given my circumstances I can spend up to $ 125,000 on a home — unfortunately even condos in my market cost more than that and so for now renting is the best option for me .
The amount is different for everyone based on how much they can afford for a down payment , what property taxes are like in their market , and others .
Using the Maximum Home Price Calculator you can quickly and easily figure out how much you should be spending on a home and if renting is the best option for you .
References
Misconception : Renting is for Suckers .
Chris Welch .
InvestorGeeks .
Publication 530 : Tax Information for First - Time Homeowners .
IRS .
http://www.irs.gov/
Your Home as a Tax Shelter .
NOLO .
http://www.nolo.com/
Is It Better to Buy or Rent ?
David Leonhardt .
New York Times .
http://www.nytimes.com
ヤフーは3月27日、Yahoo!検索のウェブ検索結果からブログ記事を省く「ブログフィルタ」機能を追加した。検索結果にブログが一定以上含まれている場合に、ユーザーはブログの表示・非表示を選択することができる。
ブログフィルタは検索結果ページの下部に表示される「ブログを含めずに再検索」のリンクをクリックすることで有効となるほか、検索オプションの設定や、検索コマンド（例「filter:blog 花見」）でも利用することができる。
ブログが広く普及するにつれ、ウェブ検索結果の上位をブログが占めることも多くなったが、ユーザーは必ずしもそのような検索結果に満足していないようだ。ヤフーが2006年に実施したユーザーアンケートでは、検索していてがっかりした経験として、「個人のホームページやブログや掲示板の会話などが検索結果に出た」が2割程度挙げられたという。
A COMMERICAL for condoms , which shows pigs talking to women at a bar , has been banned by the Fox and CBS television networks .
Fox said it had rejected the ad because : " Contraceptive advertising must stress health - related uses rather than the prevention of pregnancy . "
In the ad , one of the pigs goes to the men's room , where , after buying a condom from a vending machine , he is transformed into a good - looker in his 20s .
When he returns to the bar , a fetching blonde who had been indifferent smiles at him .
Clinton and Bloomberg could run on the same ticket , but they would have to give up the 31 electoral votes from New York .
Sharing the secrets of the Constitution
Do n't you wish the U.S. Constitution was not a secret document , its contents known only to a few ?
Advertisement
Do n't you wish there were copies of it that we could distribute to schoolchildren so they could become better citizens ?
Or maybe we could put it up on the Web for everybody to read ?
What ?
The Constitution is not a secret document ?
Schoolchildren do learn about it ?
And it is on the Web ?
I do n't think so .
And I think I can prove it .
Example One : A major magazine recently published an article about New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger .
It concluded by quoting billionaire investor Warren Buffett on the subject of a Bloomberg - Schwarzenegger ticket in 2008 .
The article stated : " Buffett thinks it 's a great idea , and when he first heard it , he turned to the Constitution .
' I wanted to see if Schwarzenegger could be his vice president , ' Buffett said .
' I think he could . '
It states that the president must be native born , but it 's silent on the vice president .
' That would be one hell of a team , would n't it ? ' "
Wow , it sure would be .
But the Constitution is not " silent " on whether the vice president must be " native born . "
The 12th Amendment , ratified on June 15 , 1804 , states : " But no person constitutionally ineligible to the office of president shall be eligible to that of vice president of the United States . "
And since the Constitution demands that our presidents be " natural born , " that means vice presidents must be also .
So Schwarzenegger , born in Thal , Austria , will have to be satisfied for now with being a governor and a five - time Mr. Universe .
You are saying two things : First , Warren Buffett has enough money to buy up all the copies of the Constitution and change them any way he wants .
This is true .
You are also saying : How do I know what is in the Constitution , since the document is secret ?
I can't tell you .
Not exactly .
Let 's just say that when I was in high school I went to the National Archives on a class trip and I saw a copy of the Constitution in a glass case .
And you know what ?
It is still there !
( Please do not tell anybody .
I would get in so much trouble . )
And the guy who guards it takes a break at the same time every night and sometimes they forget to lock the basement door and , well , you get the picture .
Example Two :
In another major magazine this week , there was another article about Bloomberg , this time about how Bloomberg could run as a vice presidential candidate .
It stated : " If Hillary Clinton is the nominee , she can not pick Bloomberg .
The Constitution bars the election of a president and vice president from the same state . "
Not quite .
Article II states : " The electors shall meet in their respective states , and vote by ballot for two persons , of whom one at least shall not be an inhabitant of the same state with themselves . "
So Hillary Clinton and Bloomberg could run on the same ticket , but they would have to give up the 31 electoral votes from New York , which would not matter if they won in an electoral vote landslide .
Third Example : Recently , an article appeared saying that if Mitt Romney became president and pardoned Scooter Libby , then Romney should also pardon a kid who got in trouble in Massachusetts at age 13 for shooting another kid with a BB gun .
But the Constitution says the president " shall have power to grant reprieves and pardons for offenses against the United States except in cases of impeachment . "
And since shooting a kid with a BB gun is a state offense and not an offense against the United States , Romney could not grant that pardon .
Who was the doofus who wrote that article ?
Uh , me .
So maybe we should keep the Constitution secret .
Massive street riots turn Denmark 's Copenhagen into wild messy city
Danish police braced for more demonstrations Friday after some of the worst street clashes in recent years in Copenhagen , sparked by the eviction of squatters from a building , officials said .
Massive street riots turn Denmark 's Copenhagen into wild messy city
Hundreds of officers , many in riot gear , were on the streets Thursday , and similar numbers were expected Friday as reinforcements arrived from other parts of the country .
" We are taking all eventualities into consideration and we will be plastering the whole city with police , " Copenhagen police operations chief Per Larsen said .
A total of 219 people , 178 men and 41 women , were arrested and 25 people were treated for injuries Thursday when protesters threw cobblestones , lit fires and overturned cars in the Danish capital in demonstrations that continued late into the night .
Some of the arrested and injured included foreigners , who had joined the protests that started in the morning after a helicopter hoisted members of Denmark 's anti-terror police onto the building 's roof and started evicting squatters .
Twenty - one foreigners from Germany , Sweden , Italy , Greece , United States , Lithuania , Norway , Britain and France were among the arrested .
Thursday 's eviction of the 35 squatters from the former theater in central Copenhagen drew ire from youth , who have viewed it as free public housing for years .
The building also has been a popular cultural center for anarchists , punk rockers and left - wing groups , where performers have included Australian musician Nick Cave and Icelandic singer Bjork .
The injured included a German man who suffered head injuries , two officers with minor burns and a Dane who had several fingers blown off by a powerful firecracker he had planned to throw at police .
Early Friday , city employees cleared the streets of charred cars , rubble , barricades and smoldering remains of bonfires .
The smell of smoke hung heavy over the usually quiet Danish capital .
Justice Minister Lene Espersen said protesters " misused their demonstration right " when they became violent , the AP says .
" I vigorously urge the young people and their supporters to regain their composure , " she said .
" Their anger must not unleash violence and vandalism . "
In neighboring Germany , up to 800 people demonstrated Thursday evening in Hamburg in a show of solidarity with the Danish squatters , and 14 people were detained .
Demonstrations also were held in the capitals of Norway and Sweden .
In Finland , dozens of protesters shouted support for the Danish squatters outside the Danish Embassy in the capital , Helsinki , in a peaceful demonstration .
The eviction of the building had been planned since last year , when courts ordered the squatters to hand it over to a Christian congregation that bought it six years ago .
The squatters refused , saying the city had no right to sell the four - story building while it was still in use .
They have demanded another building for free as replacement , and a foundation backing the squatters has offered to pay 12 million kroner ( EUR 1.6 million ; US $ 2.1 million ) for another facility .
In December , a rally of some 1,000 people protesting the eviction turned violent , and police detained some 300 people .
Photo by The Associated Press
現在位置：asahi.com >教育>大学>紙上特別講義> 記事
言 葉が結晶の形を決める？ オカルトに近い話が学校に忍び込んでいます。
＊
捏造だけをとりあげるのは 「あるある」問題の矮小化です。
科学のようで科学でない。こんな話が、世の中にあふれています。「笑ってすまされない状況になっている」と、大阪大学の菊池誠教授は言います。ニセ科学とは何か。この問いは、「科学の本質とは何か」を探ることでもあるようです。
一見科学のようで実は科学でないものを、僕は 「 ニセ科学」と呼んでいます。「エセ科学 」
「疑似科学」などとも呼ばれますが、一般の人に「科学として受け入れられている」という点がポイントです。これがいま、看過できない状況になっています。
例えば、健康にいいとしてブームになっているゲルマニウム。身につけたり温浴で使ったりするようですが、「セ氏３２度以上で電子を放出し、それを皮膚などから取り込むことにより体によい効果がある」と説明されることが多いようです。ところがその「３２度で電子を放出する」という出発点がそもそも間違っている。「電子を取り込む」というのもおかしな表現で、結局この説明は全部意味がない。こんなことを誰が考えるんでしょうね。
一時期、大手メーカーが 「 マイナスイオンを出す」家電製品をこぞって売り出しました。エアコンや空気清浄機、パソコンに至るまで、いろんな商品が「マイナスイオン効果」をうたっていました。水を噴霧したり放電したりしてイオンを発生させるようです。
しかし、様々なイオンを十把一絡げに「マイナスイオン」と称し、「マイナスだと体によく、プラスだと悪い」などと二分法で言い切るようではニセ科学としか言えません。実際、マイナスイオンを吸い込むと体にいいなんてことは、立証されていないのです。
＊
ニセ科学は教育現場にも忍び込んでいます。
水の結晶の写真を集めた 「水からの伝言」という写真集があります。この写真集には、ビンに入れた水に「ありがとう」と書いた紙を「見せる」とその水は奇麗な結晶を作り、「死ね」などの言葉を見せるとそうはならない、と書かれています。もちろん、言葉が結晶の形を決めるはずはありません。ここまでくると、ニセ科学というよりオカルトに近い。本来であれば、笑い飛ばしておしまいにする程度の話のはずです。
ところが、全国のいくつもの小学校でこれが道徳の教材として利用されました＝キーワード（１）。水も言葉の善しあしに反応するのだから、いい言葉を使いましょう、というのです。非科学的なことが「事実」として教えられているのは大きな問題ですし、言葉のよしあしを水に教わろうだなんて、情けない話だと思いませんか。
＊
最近、関西テレビ の 「 発掘！あるある大辞典２」の問題＝（２）が発覚しました。
この問題 は 「データを捏造（ねつぞう）したからけしからん」と批判されていますが、捏造だけをことさらにとりあげるのは問題の矮小（わいしょう）化です。あの番組は、まだ実証されていない「思いつき程度のこと」を、さも科学的に確立した事実であるかのようにこれまで何度も伝えてきました。それは捏造と本質的に違わないと思います。そんな番組を「科学的だ」と信じていた人が大勢いたというのも笑えない問題です。
なぜ、人はニセ科学にだまされるのか。次回、考えてみましょう。
＊
きくち・まこと 大阪大学サイバーメディアセンター教授、４８歳。専門は統計物理学、計算物理学。ＳＦ評論や書評なども手がける。「トンデモ本」を批判的に楽しむ団体「と学会」にも所属。ロシアの物理学者が発明した電子楽器「テルミン」を愛好し、ときおりライブも開く。
◆キーワー ド
（１）菊池教授によると、少なくとも０３年ごろには「水からの伝言」を道徳の教材として使う小学校があった。授業の方法などを研究する教師らのサークルを通じて全国に広まったとされ、菊池教授がインターネットで確認しただけでも、全国の多くの都道府県の小学校で授業実践の例があったという。
（２）関西テレビから委嘱された社外有識者による調査委員会は、「納豆ダイエット」「有酸素運動の新理論」「２００５ダイエット総決算ＳＰ 」
「衝撃！味噌（みそ）汁でヤセる？！」の４件で、海外の研究者が発言していない言葉を発言したかのように偽るなどの捏造があったと指摘。このほかデータの改ざんが４件、実験方法が不適切だったり研究者の確認をとらなかったりした不適切な表現が８件あったと結論づけた。
PHP and the OWASP Top Ten Security Vulnerabilities
[ En français : http://www.nexen.net/interview/index.php?id=30 ]
The Open Web Application Security Project released a helpful document that lists what they think are the top ten security vulnerabilities in web applications .
These vulnerabilities can , of course , exist in PHP applications .
Here are some tips on how to avoid them .
I 've included related links and references where relevant .
1. Unvalidated Parameters
Most importantly , turn off register_globals .
This configuration setting defaults to off in PHP 4.2.0 and later .
Access values from URLs , forms , and cookies through the superglobal arrays $ _GET , $ _POST , and $ _COOKIE .
Before you use values from the superglobal arrays , validate them to make sure they do n't contain unexpected input .
If you know what type of value you are expecting , make sure what you 've got conforms to an expected format .
For example , if you 're expecting a US ZIP Code , make sure your value is either five digits or five digits , a hyphen , and four more digits ( ZIP+4 ) .
Often , regular expressions are the easiest way to validate data :
if ( preg_match ( ' / ^\d{5}(-\d{4} ) ?$ /' , $ _GET [ ' zip ' ] ) ) { $ zip = $ _GET [ ' zip ' ] ; } else { die (' Invalid ZIP Code format . ' ) ; }
If you 're expecting to receive data in a cookie or a hidden form field that you 've previously sent to a client , make sure it has n't been tampered with by sending a hash of the data and a secret word along with the data .
Put the hash in a hidden form field ( or in the cookie ) along with the data .
When you receive the data and the hash , re-hash the data and make sure the new hash matches the old one :
// sending the cookie $ secret_word = ' gargamel ' ; $ id = 123745323 ; $ hash = md5 ( $secret_word .$id ) ; setcookie ( ' id ' , $id . '-'. $ hash ) ; // receiving and verifying the cookie list ( $ cookie_id , $cookie_hash ) = explode ( '-' , $ _COOKIE [ 'id ' ] ) ; if ( md5 ( $secret_word .$cookie_id ) == $ cookie_hash ) { $ id = $ cookie_id ; } else { die ( ' Invalid cookie . ' ) ; }
If a user has changed the ID value in the cookie , the hashes wo n't match .
The success of this method obviously depends on keeping $ secret_word secret , so put it in a file that can't be read by just anybody and change it periodically .
( But remember , when you change it , old hashes that might be lying around in cookies will no longer be valid . )
See Also :
PHP Manual : Using Register Globals
PHP Cookbook : Recipe 9.7 ( " Securing PHP's Form Processing " ) , Recipe 14.3 ( " Verifying Data with Hashes " )
2. Broken Access Control
Instead of rolling your own access control solution , use PEAR modules .
Auth does cookie - based authentication for you and Auth_HTTP does browser - based authentication .
See Also :
3. Broken Account and Session Management
Use PHP 's built - in session management functions for secure , standardized session management .
However , be careful how your server is configured to store session information .
For example , if session contents are stored as world - readable files in / tmp , then any user that logs into the server can see the contents of all the sessions .
Store the sessions in a database or in a part of the file system that only trusted users can access .
To prevent network sniffers from scooping up session IDs , session - specific traffic should be sent over SSL .
You do n't need to do anything special to PHP when you 're using an SSL connection , but you do need to specially configure your webserver .
See Also :
PHP Manual : Session handling functions
PHP Cookbook : Recipe 8.5 ( " Using Session Tracking " ) , Recipe 8.6 ( " Storing Sessions in a Database " )
4. Cross -Site Scripting ( XSS ) Flaws
Never display any information coming from outside your program without filtering it first .
Filter variables before including them in hidden form fields , in query strings , or just plain page output .
PHP gives you plenty of tools to filter untrusted data :
htmlspecialchars ( ) turns & > " < into their HTML - entity equivalents and can also convert single quotes by passing ENT_QUOTES as a second argument .
strtr ( ) filters any characters you 'd like .
Pass strtr ( ) an array of characters and their replacements .
To change ( and ) into their entity equivalents , which is recommended to prevent XSS attacks , do :
$ safer = strtr ( $ untrusted , array ( ' ( ' => '( ' , ' ) ' => ' ) ' ) ) ;
strip_tags ( ) removes HTML and PHP tags from a string .
utf8_decode ( ) converts the ISO - 8859 - 1 characters in a string encoded with the Unicode UTF - 8 encoding to single - byte ASCII characters .
Sometimes cross-site scripting attackers attempt to hide their attacks in Unicode encoding .
You can use utf8_decode ( ) to peel off that encoding .
See Also :
PHP Manual : htmlspecialchars ( ) , strtr ( ) , strip_tags ( ) , utf8_decode ( )
PHP Cookbook : Recipe 8.8 ( " Building a GET Query String " ) , Recipe 9.8 ( " Escaping Control Characters from User Data " )
5. Buffer Overflows
You can't allocate memory at runtime in PHP and their are no pointers like in C so your PHP code , however sloppy it may be , wo n't have any buffer overflows .
What you do have to watch out for , however , are buffer overflows in PHP itself ( and its extensions . )
Subscribe to the php-announce mailing list to keep abreast of patches and new releases .
See Also :
PHP Mailing Lists : http://www.php.net/mailing-lists.php
6. Command Injection Flaws
Cross - site scripting flaws happen when you display unfiltered , unescaped malicious content to a user 's browser .
Command injection flaws happen when you pass unfiltered , unescaped malicious commands to an external process or database .
To prevent command injection flaws , in addition to validating input , always escape user input before passing it to an external process or database .
If you 're passing user input to a shell ( via a command like exec ( ) , system ( ) , or the backtick operator ) , first , ask yourself if you really need to .
Most file operations can be performed with native PHP functions .
If you absolutely , positively need to run an external program whose name or arguments come from untrusted input , escape program names with escapeshellcmd ( ) and arguments with escapeshellarg ( ) .
Before executing an external program or opening an external file , you should also canonicalize its pathname with realpath ( ) .
This expands all symbolic links , translates .
( current directory ) .. ( parent directory ) , and removes duplicate directory separators .
Once a pathname is canonicalized you can test it to make sure it meets certain criteria , like being beneath the web server document root or in a user 's home directory .
If you 're passing user input to a SQL query , escape the input with addslashes ( ) before putting it into the query .
If you 're using MySQL , escape strings with mysql_real_escape_string ( ) ( or mysql_escape_string ( ) for PHP versions before 4.3.0 ) .
If you 're using the PEAR DB database abstraction layer , you can use the DB : : quote ( ) method or use a query placeholder like ? , which automatically escapes the value that replaces the placeholder .
See Also :
7. Error Handling Problems
If users ( and attackers ) can see the raw error messages returned from PHP , your database , or external programs , they can make educated guesses about how your system is organized and what software you use .
These educated guesses make it easier for attackers to break into your system .
Error messages should n't contain any descriptive system information .
Tell PHP to put error messages in your server 's error log instead of displaying them to a user with these configuration directives :
log_errors =
On display_errors = Off
See Also :
PHP Manual : Error Handling and Logging Functions
PHP Cookbook : Recipe 8.14 ( " Hiding Error Messages from Users " )
8. Insecure Use of Cryptography
The mcrypt extension provides a standardized interface to many popular cryptographic algorithms .
Use mcrypt instead of rolling your own encryption scheme .
Also , be careful about where ( if anywhere ) you store encryption keys .
The strongest algorithm in the world is pointless if an attacker can easily obtain a key for decryption .
If you need to store keys at all , store them apart from encrypted data .
Better yet , do n't store the keys and prompt users to enter them when something needs to be decrypted .
( Of course , if you 're prompting a user over the web for sensitive information like an encryption key , that prompt and the user 's reply should be passed over SSL . )
See Also :
PHP Manual : Mcrypt Encryption Functions
PHP Cookbook : Recipe 14.7 ( " Encrypting and Decrypting Data " )
9. Remote Administration Flaws
When possible , run remote administration tools over an SSL connection to prevent sniffing of passwords and content .
If you 've installed third - party software that has a remote administration component , change the default administrative user names and passwords .
Change the default administrative URL as well , if possible .
Running administrative tools on a different web server than the public web server that the administrative tool administrates can be a good idea as well .
10 . Web and Application Server Misconfiguration
Keep on top of PHP patches and security problems by subscribing to the php-announce mailing list .
Stay away from the automatic PHP source display handler ( AddType application / x - httpd - php - source .phps ) , since it lets attackers look at your code .
Of the two sample php.ini files distributed with PHP ( php.ini - dist and php.ini - recommended ) , use php.ini - recommended as a base for your site configuration .
See Also :
Welcome to Find Sounds.com
Find Sounds celebrates its 20th anniversary on August 1 , 2020 .
That 's twenty years of helping people from all around the globe find sound effects !
By Helen Briggs
BBC News science reporter
The Antarctic ice sheets started building up 30 million years ago
The research in Science pushes back the date of the forging of Drake Passage to twice as long ago as once thought .
US geologists believe it kick - started the ocean current that swirls around Antarctica , helping to bring about a dramatic cooling effect .
The continent was transformed from lush forest to the icy landscape of today .
" We 're saying we now have a date for the opening of the Drake Passage that looks like it 's early enough that it may have contributed to the cooling , " said Ellen Eckels Martin of the University of Florida , US .
" It illustrates that ocean circulation may play a very important role in climate change . "
Millions of years later , the current still plays a major role in keeping the Antarctic cool .
" We are warming the world through greenhouse gases and this is leading to the decay of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet and the cool current around Antarctica is probably helping slow that process , " said Dr Martin .
Greenhouse world
Drake 's Passage is named after Sir Francis Drake , the English sea captain who circumnavigated the globe in the 16th Century .
South America and Antarctica were once joined by a land bridge .
( Image : Science )
The world was a very different place then .
Levels of carbon dioxide were three to four times today 's levels and it was so warm that alligators sunned themselves in the high Arctic .
But some 30 million years ago , there was a dramatic shift in climate from " greenhouse " to " icehouse " .
The rapid cooling swept over the Antarctic and , over the course of several million years , its pine trees were replaced by glaciers .
Chemical signature
Scientists have long speculated about how this happened and suspect the opening of the Drake Passage played a key role .
But until now , the date has been fuzzy , with estimates ranging from 15 million to 49 million years ago .
The University of Florida team came up with a reliable date by studying fish teeth recovered from rocks lying more than 300 m ( 1,000 ft ) beneath the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean .
The fish teeth are the size of a grain of sand .
( Image : Howie D Scher )
The chemical signatures for the Atlantic and the Pacific are different , allowing the scientists to determine when water from the Pacific Ocean began seeping into the Atlantic Ocean .
The research shows that the rift in the plates of the Earth that caused the gap to open up happened about 41 million years ago , which fits in with the build - up of ice sheets on Antarctica a few million years later .
Scientists believe the formation of the ocean current that circulates around Antarctica played a key role in the cooling as it deflects warm streams of water coming from the equator .
Decreasing levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere may have also contributed to the cooling effect , but their relative roles are still a matter of debate .
And Gordon Brown , who will succeed Tony Blair as Britain ’s prime minister this month , has vacationed several times on Cape Cod and befriended a succession of Treasury officials .
He is expected to maintain what Britons call the country ’s “ special relationship ” with the United States , ahead of other American allies .
Image Women passing the day at a park in Tirana , Albania , where the American and Albanian flags are on display in anticipation of President Bushs visit Sunday .
He will be the first sitting American president to stop by .
Credit ... Visar Kryeziu / Associated Press
So “ old Europe ” has warmed toward the United States , although there has been no fundamental shift toward more American - friendly policies .
But even in “ new Europe , ” as the post - Communist states of Central and Eastern Europe have been called , Albania is special .
Much of Eastern Europe has grown more critical of Mr. Bush , worried that the antimissile defense shield he is pushing will antagonize Russia and lead to another cold war .
Many Eastern Europeans , Czechs and Poles among them , are also angry that the United States has maintained cumbersome visa requirements even though their countries are now members of the European Union .
But here in Albania , which has not wavered in its unblinking support for American policies since the end of the cold war , Mr. Bush can do no wrong .
While much of the world berates Mr. Bush for warmongering , unilateralism , trampling civil liberties and even turning a blind eye to torture , Albania still loves him without restraint .
Mr. Bush will be the first sitting American president to visit the country , and his arrival could not come on a more auspicious day : the eighth anniversary of the start of Serbian troop withdrawals from Kosovo and ratification by the United Nations Security Council of the American - brokered peace accord that ended the fighting .
Mr. Bush is pushing the Security Council to approve a plan that would lead to qualified Kosovo independence .
Albanians are pouring into the capital from across the region .
Hotel rooms are as scarce as anti-American feelings .
Albanians ’ support for the war in Iraq is nearly unanimous , and any perceived failings of American foreign policy are studiously ignored .
A two - day effort to find anyone of prominence who might offer some criticism of the United States turned up just one name , and that person was out of the country .
From Tom
Welcome to Tom : a software environment for defining transformations
What is Tom ?
Tom is a language extension designed to manipulate tree structures and XML documents
Tom provides pattern matching facilities to inspect objects and retrieve values
Tom can be used with C , Java , Python , C++ , C# , etc .
Tom is used in several companies to implement transformations of programs and queries
Tom is a mature and stable project which started in 2001 ( see museum )
Here you will find a 5 minutes presentation video
Getting Started
the current stable version is Tom version 2.10 which is available for download : windows version stable version examples full version ( stable version + source code + examples )
which is available for :
Tom and Java
When Tom is used in a Java environment some additional features are available :
We provide a generator of efficient object oriented tree based data - structures ( Gom )
We provide a powerful strategy language that can be used to control transformations
We provide a models transformation engine relying on Ecore EMF .
It includes a generator of Tom - EMF mappings , dedicated Tom construct to express a model transformation , and a dedicated introspector to be able to use strategies with models
Materials
Logos
Integrating Tom in an existing Java application that uses Java Persistence API : Video
Tom in the news :
Here is a collection of links to what speaks about Tom on the web .
Material for lectures
The old Research zone link has been transferred to the TomResearch wiki , which is a private wiki with a limited access ( subscriptions have been closed ) .
Useful links have been dispatched .
Tom wiki
Practice what you preach has never been more true as in this situation .
Business 2.0 which is a magazine published by Time , just had the unfortunate situation of losing their entire June issue due to a system crash .
In their very own magazine , Business 2.0 has written about the importance of backing up your important files , saying backups are like flossing – “ everybody knows it ’s important , but few devote enough thought or energy to it . ”
So after their editorial system crashed containing their June issue and they realized that their backup server had n’t been working , they were faced with the realization that their June issue was gone and it was n’t coming back .
Makes you wonder how long they ’ve had a dysfunctional system for back - ups , does n’t it ?
So lesson learned :
Not only should you have a backup system , but perhaps multiple backups , off - site backups , whatever it takes .
And once those back - up measures are in place , test them to make sure that they actually work .
No one is immune to a hard drive failing , as we experienced a week ago .
Source : Slashdot
DIGG THIS
Is Goldman Sachs manipulating the gasoline futures market to push prices down before the November elections ?
It sure looks that way .
An article appeared this Saturday in the New York Times pointing to some unusual trading by Goldman Sachs in the gasoline futures market .
As Raymond Keller , who spotted the article , points out , “ They always hide the good stuff in the low circulation Saturday edition . ”
What 's Goldman doing ?
Here 's how the Times reports it :
Politics and worries about oil supplies may have caused gasoline prices to go up at the pump earlier this year , but one big investment bank quietly helped their rapid drop in recent weeks , according to some economists , traders and analysts .
Goldman Sachs , which runs the largest commodity index , the G.S.C.I. , said in early August that it was reducing the index 's weighting in gasoline futures significantly .
The announcement did not make big headlines , but it has reverberated through the markets in the weeks since and some other investors who had been betting that gasoline would rise followed suit on their weightings .
“ They started unwinding their positions , and those other longs also rushed to the door at the same time , ” said Lawrence J. Goldstein , president of the Petroleum Industry Research Foundation .
The August announcement by Goldman Sachs caught some traders by surprise .
The firm said in early June that it planned to roll its positions in the harbor contract into another futures contract , the reformulated gasoline blendstock , which is replacing the harbor contract at the end of the year because of changes to laws about gasoline additives .
Later in June , Goldman said it had rolled a third of its gasoline holdings into the reformulated contracts but would make further announcements as to whether the remainder would be rolled over .
Then in August , the bank said it would not roll over any more positions into gasoline and would redistribute the weighting into other petroleum products …
Some traders speculated that Goldman might have been concerned about the liquidity of the reformulated contract and whether other traders would embrace it because there were so few contracts outstanding .
The open interest , or number of futures contracts taken out , has increased ninefold in the reformulated contract since then .
Unleaded gasoline made up 8.72 percent of Goldman 's commodity index as of June 30 , but it is just 2.3 percent now , representing a sell - off of more than $ 6 billion in futures contract weighting .
A sell - off of more than $ 6 billion in gasoline futures contracts ?
Let 's put it this way , a $ 6 billion trade is not decided on at the lower levels of the firm .
Keller provides some insight into the curious timing of this trade :
President George W. Bush nominated Henry M. Paulson , Jr. to be the 74th Secretary of the Treasury on June 19 , 2006 .
The United States Senate unanimously confirmed Paulson to the position on June 28 , 2006 and he was sworn into office on July 10 , 2006 .
Before coming to Treasury , Paulson was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Goldman Sachs .
So what does Goldman do just weeks after Paulson is sworn in as Treasury Secretary ?
It announces a subtle move that drives down gasoline prices , short - term .
Nice move , coming just months before the election .
Now it may be hard to swallow for some that market manipulations go on , but they do at all levels .
Penny stock promoters cook up their schemes , and power players have their schemes .
In traders jargon , it 's called painting the tape .
Indeed , the Washington Post has revealed that the government has formed something that is casually known as the Plunge Protection Team .
PPT is supposed to jump in and buy stocks when things are unruly .
Ronald Reagan formed the PPT when he signed Executive Order 12631 .
It 's just another way of painting the tape ( Using your tax money , or newly printed Federal Reserve dollars , of course ) .
Goldman is a member of the secretive PPT .
But some just do n’t believe these kinds of manipulations go on .
I have had some email discussions in recent days with some pretty sophisticated economists who do n't believe Goldman has manipulated the gasoline market .
Their argument goes : “ I will continue to be an economist and look at the supply and demand issues . ”
My reply has been , Goldman Sachs understands supply and demand — and they also understand trading .
When you sell - off $ 6 billion in gasoline futures contracts , you are going to have an impact — as the New York Times story correctly pointed out .
That is an awful lot of supply .
Further , this type of aggressive selling will result in selling by others who will receive margin calls they can't meet .
And by trend followers , who will suddenly dump gasoline and other commodities .
This is , indeed , exactly what is happening .
Goldman Sachs did n't get to be Goldman by not understanding this stuff .
Supply and demand can explain this manipulation completely .
My email correspondents also raise a few other points .
They ask , “ Why would Goldman Sachs trade this way and lose money ? ”
The answer here is that Goldman does n't lose money .
This is a managed commodity index .
Goldman manages the index , but the actual money put up comes from institutions , hedge funds and other unlucky saps that trusted Goldman to manage the commodity index as a hedge against inflation — not to bail out of $ 6 billion in contracts over a few weeks .
The result : Unlucky saps — Major losses .
Goldman — Zero losses and their man running the Treasury .
Which side of this trade would you want to be on ?
But , my email correspondents continue on with one more charge : “ Are you trying to tell me that refiners are trying to deplete their inventories and leave themselves with real supply problems in the future ?
That does not make sense to me . ”
In fact , depleting inventories is exactly what refiners would do .
If the price of gasoline is plunging in the futures market , they are going to push out the door as much inventory as they can , to make room for the new cheap gasoline they can buy up on the futures market .
Bottom line , Goldman had to know they were going to plunge gasoline prices short - term with this type of trading .
This smells to me like a Paulson operation all the way .
He is the ultimate behind the scenes operator if there ever was one , and future biographies of him are very likely to note such .
October 7 , 2006
In a welcome , yet odd , development , Dell has started selling several high - end Nokia phones in an unlocked state via its online store .
So far searches reveal that Dell is selling the Nokia N80 , E61i , and E61 for around $ 400 , and the N95 for $ 732 .
Those prices do n't sound too great when compared to in - contract prices , but compared to similar unlocked offerings from high street stores they 're pretty damn competitive .
Besides , it does n't look as if Dell is partnering with any mobile operators , and is instead highlighting the unlocked prices .
Unlocked cellphone price war , anyone ?
If Dell 's in the game , then you can bet that others will join .
March 23 , 2007 UK - based bespoke luxury goods creator Luvaglio has created the first million dollar laptop .
That ’s what the first of their luxury laptops will sell for .
Full details of the laptop have not been released at this point , but it is known that it incorporates a 17 " widescreen LED lit screen with a specially designed anti-reflective glare coating for clear and brighter image , 128GB of Solid State Disk space and a slot loading Blue - Ray drive .
There is an integrated screen cleaning device and a very rare coloured diamond piece of jewellery that doubles up as the power button when placed into the laptop and also acts as security identification .
Images here .
Luvaglio CEO
Rohan Sinclair Luvaglio told Gizmag earlier today : “ Unlike many of the highly priced products being released , we took our time to develop something out of the ordinary with real attention to detail . “
“ I did n't want us to simply re-house a laptop into a diamond studded casing , or diamond encrust the entire thing simply to make it expensive .
We 've put thought in from the keyboard down to the power charger .
There is an integrated screen cleaning device and a very rare coloured diamond piece of jewellery that doubles up as the power button when placed into the laptop and also acts as security identification .
We have used diamonds elsewhere but have given them purpose . ”
According to Luvaglio , “ the brand is committed to re-defining luxury in a few sectors , technology being one of them .
“ Many claim to produce luxury goods but we believe that the true element of luxury is having something that says " YOU " , that money can't buy .
“ At present and from our previous luxury work , our initial clients will be chosen from this selection as we have already established trust .
“ The range to be released shortly would allow the owner to become the creator and visit our showroom at two or three well known upmarket stores we are in discussion with , whereby our selection of materials , finishes and accessories will be available to view and a choice selected .
“ The choice will be based on our selection but of course other colours and finishes can be done on request .
We have access to diamonds that are simply rare and near impossible to get hold of , so are able to offer a very embodied choice .
“ The presentation boxes are of course supplied and finished in the choice that is selected by the client .
Exact figures I am unable to provide at present due to negotiations but will certainly be more obtainable then our master piece . ”
The first such masterpiece will sell for more than US $ 1,000,000 .
Enter your e-mail address below to reset your password .
Activation needed
Please activate your registration
by clicking the link in the activation email
or click submit to resend the activation email .
Please check your spam folder too ...
submit
Update :
Here 's a funny story .
About six years after I wrote this blog post , detailing an idea I had for managing persistent login cookies , a post that was linked to from all over the place , implemented in a couple of high profile libraries and that still gets me referrers ( mostly these days from Stack Overflow .
Hi ! ) ; after six years of being embarrassed that the products I worked on used a " remember me " mechanism I felt was demonstrably inferior , I finally got around to implementing the algorithm in real code .
It did n't work .
It quite spectacularly did n't work .
Because of concurrency .
I think there 's a lesson here about the difference between theory and practice , and the hubris of a young blogger naming something " Best Practice " that he had n't even tried yet .
And that concurrency is , and always will be , a bastard .
Original post :
Persistent login cookies are the cookies that are stored with your browser when you click the " remember me " button on the login form .
I would like to be able to say that such cookies are obselete , and we have a better way of handling user logins , but they are n't , and we do n't .
The following recipe for persistent cookies requires no crypto more powerful than a good random number generator .
Premises
Cookies are vulnerable .
Between common browser cookie - theft vulnerabilities and cross -site scripting attacks , we must accept that cookies are not safe Persistent login cookies are on their own sufficient authentication to access a website .
They are the equivalent of both a valid username and password rolled into one Users reuse passwords .
Hence , any login cookie from which you can recover the user 's password holds significantly more potential for harm than one from which you can not Binding persistent cookies to a particular IP address makes them not particularly persistent in many common cases A user may wish to have persistent cookies on multiple web browsers on different machines simultaneously
Charles ' Recipe
The cookie should consist of the user 's username , followed by a separator character , followed by some large random number ( 128 bits seems mind - bogglingly large enough to be acceptable ) .
The server keeps a table of number -> username associations , which is looked up to verify the validity of the cookie .
If the cookie supplies a random number and username that are mapped to each other in the table , the login is accepted .
At any time , a username may be mapped to several such numbers .
Also , while incredibly unlikely , it does not matter if two usernames are mapped to the same random number .
A persistent cookie is good for a single login .
When authentication is confirmed , the random number used to log in is invalidated and a brand new cookie assigned .
Standard session - management handles the credentials for the life of the session , so the newly assigned cookie will not be checked until the next session ( at which point it , too , will be invalidated after use ) .
The server need not make the effort of deliberately trying to avoid re-assigning random numbers that have been used before : the chance of it happening is so low that even if it did , nobody would know to make use of it .
When a user logs out through some deliberate logout function , their current cookie number is also invalidated .
The user also has an option somewhere to clear all persistent logins being remembered by the system , just in case .
Periodically , the database is purged of associations older than a certain time - period ( three months , perhaps : the size of the table would be far more an issue than any possibilities of collision in a 128 bit random space ) .
The following user functions must not be reachable through a cookie - based login , but only through the typing of a valid password :
Changing the user 's password
Changing the user 's email address ( especially if email - based password recovery is used )
Any access to the user 's address , payment details or financial information
Any ability to make a purchase
Results
If the login cookie is compromised , the attacker has access to the common functions of the site as that user .
This is inevitable whatever the cookie contains .
However , the attacker can not :
Access sensitive user information
Spend the user 's money
Recover the user 's password and try it on other sites
Prevent the user from receiving notifications from the site of things that may have been done in their name
Share the stolen login with others
The mutating nature of the cookie also provides a much smaller window of opportunity for an attacker to exploit a stolen cookie , and means the attacker must be far more careful they do n't end up with a useless set of credentials .
Update : Barry Jaspan suggests an addition to the protocol that would further reduce the window of opportunity for stolen cookies : if a cookie that has been known to be used before ( and thus invalidated ) is presented , treat it as evidence of an attack and invalidate all saved logins for that user .
Mr. Kaji says he is now negotiating with American publishers to introduce several puzzles to the United States , including hashiwokakero and slitherlink , a popular game in Japan where lines are connected in snakelike shapes around numbers .
He says he also wants to promote more heavily the half dozen or so of Nikoli ’s puzzles that have already followed sudoku overseas .
The best known is kakuro , a mathematical version of a crossword puzzle that uses sums instead of spellings .
Still , none of Nikoli ’s other games has approached the popularity of sudoku , which has been carried , at one time or another , in more than 600 newspapers in 66 countries .
It has also been the topic of more than 200 books , which have sold 20 million copies worldwide , according to puzzle authors and publishers .
While no one knows how much revenue is generated by the global sudoku business , most agree it has easily topped $ 250 million over the last two years from an estimated 80 million devotees .
The New York Times syndicate provides a variety of logic puzzles , including sudoku , kakuro and others , for newspapers and Web sites around the world .
Nikoli received only a sliver of that money .
Mr. Kaji says his private company , with just 20 employees , had annual sales of about $ 4 million .
Sudoku ’s popularity in the United States caught Mr. Kaji by such surprise that he did not try to get the trademark there until it was too late .
As a result , Nikoli receives no royalties from sudoku - related sales overseas by other publishers .
In hindsight , though , he now thinks that oversight was a brilliant mistake .
The fact that no one controlled sudoku ’s intellectual property rights let the game ’s popularity grow unfettered , Mr. Kaji says .
Nikoli does not plan to trademark other new games , either , in hopes this will also help them take off .
Sometime between January and November of next year , probably beginning in March , U.S. troop levels in Iraq will drop precipitously .
The reason for this is that , as I noted back in April — well before Hearst Newspapers cottoned on to the scam — the combination of The Surge and extended deployments means we 'll have in the neighborhood of 200,000 troops there by the end of this year .
That number is n't sustainable , so predicting that the administration will see sufficient signs of progress to begin noisily " withdrawing " as many as 70,000 troops , which would bring the numbers down to where they 've been for most of the past four years , does n't require much of a crystal ball .
Republicans are in trouble on Iraq and they wo n't nominate a candidate who genuinely wants out of the mess ; the best they can hope for is a faux withdrawal sufficiently splashy , and coincident with something less than a total implosion of Iraq , that they can attempt to spin it as the product of success .
The charade will also suit the purposes of many congressional Democrats — and possibly the eventual Democratic presidential nominee , depending on who that is — since they can pretend that their ineffectual gestures toward bringing the U.S. occupation to an end are bearing some fruit .
70,000 troops is a lot , even if only a bit more than a third of the total they 'll be subtracted from , so if things in Iraq continue to go south at the current , somewhat leisurely pace , there 's a chance that some combination of voter confusion over the meaning of the reduction , disgust at the ongoing unwillingness of the mass of congressional Democrats to acquire black market spines , and admiration for the belated coming to Jesus of Republicans such as Voinovich and Lugar , the two generally understated GOP senators who only this week noticed something amiss with the administration 's plan , might stave off electoral disaster for the Republicans .
That 's in addition to what 's left of the GOP election - gaming machine , which has been taking some hits during the investigation into the conversion of the Justice Department into the dirty - tricks arm of the Republican National Committee , but whose most experienced operatives are still at large if not in office .
Lugar and Voinovich are advocating a military disengagement from Iraq on the basis that the current policy , such as it is , is counterproductive .
That it took Lugar , who is regarded by eternal Washingtonians as the most astute foreign policy voice among congressional Republicans , four years to arrive at this point is both a measure of the party 's collective insanity and a bellwether of the impact that the withdrawal of those 70,000 troops will enjoy : he 's gone as far as he 's willing to go , he 'll accept the withdrawal as evidence that the administration has ( yet again ) changed course , and his approval of it , when it comes , will provide safe harbor for other Republicans .
They 'll be able to say that they agree with the wise senator that a change had to come and lo , it came , and without any quarrelsome legislation mandating it .
They 'll be able to peacefully coexist with fellow Republicans who argue the opposite point , that The Surge was a success and the troops are coming out because they 're no longer needed .
Voters inclined toward Republicans will have two menu items to choose from : either the escalation worked , hurrah , or the administration have come to their senses , hurrah .
Either their representatives did the right thing and stuck with the administration when it counted , or they did the right thing and pressured the administration into seeing reason .
That 's if nothing particularly bad , relatively speaking , beyond the pedestrian carnage to which we 're now more or less inured , happens between now and then .
Voters continue to outpace Congress in recognizing the folly of the occupation and the insanity of its genesis , so if things get dramatically worse , which is more likely than not , they wo n't be distracted by the sideshows .
The press will be , or at least the pundit population , but they 've lost their mojo on Iraq ( it went in search of their minds ) .
There are other issues that threaten to depress the GOP turnout : corruption in the ranks , dementia and incompetence in the executive branch and so on .
And there 's always the possibility that we will yet attack Iran , particularly now that Congress have said okey - dokey to that notion .
Democrats would deserve a large measure of blame for the consequences of an attack on Iran , but would probably escape immediate political punishment for it because they did n't actually pull the trigger .
So it 's yet possible that Democrats will enjoy a stirring electoral victory by default , which is close to the worst possible outcome for anyone who hopes for an actual counter - revolution , however gentle , in the conduct of our nation 's affairs both foreign and domestic .
But there 's a genie in the corner .
More on that later .
~~~~~~~~~~
BTC News has been out of commission off and on during the past two months , in part due to technical problems with the site and in larger part due to health problems on my part .
If you like what we do and think it 's worth supporting , now would be a better time than any to stop by the site and send a buck or two my way via the donation button .
The coffers are empty , my roof is threatening to take a hike and I could really use the help .
I hate to beg , but there it is .
_______
About author Follow me on Twitter , and I promise I 'll tweet : Follow me on Twitter , and I promise I 'll tweet : @weldonberger
Whatever you see from me here at the Chimp since 2018 has likely been cross-posted at my blog , The Bad Crow Review , languid successor to the late BTC News .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Copies of the final Harry Potter book have already been shipped to customers by one U.S. online retailer , U.S. publisher Scholastic said on Wednesday , and purported copies of the novel have flooded the Internet .
Scholastic Corp. said it was taking legal action against book distributor Levy Home Entertainment and DeepDiscount.com for breaching an embargo preventing the seventh Harry Potter book from being sold in America before 12:01 a.m./0401 GMT on Saturday .
The publisher said Levy delivered the books to the online retailer .
People started receiving copies of “ Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows ” on Tuesday , but the number of copies shipped only made up “ around one one - hundredth of one percent ” of the 12 million copies due to go on sale , Scholastic said .
Photographs have also been posted on the Internet of what is claimed to be each page of the book , but Scholastic would not comment on whether they were real .
Links to the pictures quickly flooded Web sites around the world .
Author J.K. Rowling appealed to fans to “ ignore the misinformation popping up on the Web and in the press on the plot . ”
The book is due to be released in the rest of the world when the clock strikes 12:01 a.m. Saturday in Britain ( 2301 GMT ) .
“ I ’d like to ask everyone who calls themselves a Potter fan to help preserve the secrecy of the plot for all those who are looking forward to reading the book at the same time on publication day , ” she wrote on her Web site , www.jkrowling.com.
“ In a very short time you will know EVERYTHING ! ”
Scholastic also issued a statement asking “ everyone , especially the media , to preserve the fun and excitement for fans everywhere . ”
Andrew Moscrip , vice president of Infinity Resources Inc. , which owns DeepDiscount.com , said the company was investigating the issue , adding : “ Obviously we ’re taking this matter very seriously . ”
DOWNLOAD EVERY SECOND
Levy could not immediately be reached for comment .
Scholastic delivered a subpoena on Monday to California - based Gaia Online , a social networking site for teenagers , in relation to user - posted material on the Harry Potter book .
“ Gaia Online immediately removed the user - posted link from the site .
...
In addition , Gaia Online has banned the user in question for 14 days , ” Gaia Online said in a statement .
But Scholastic is unable to remove all the photographs , which first appeared on Monday on BitTorrent , a peer - to - peer file sharing system that links personal computers .
A security guard stands among boxes filled with editions of the latest Harry Potter book , " Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , " inside a Barnes & Noble distribution center at an undisclosed location in the northeastern United States , July 16 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
Unlike the Napster music - sharing service that was shut down by authorities several years ago , such exchanges do not go through a central service , which makes it almost impossible for the book ’s publishers to stop the file from being traded .
BigChampagne Media Measurement estimated that by Wednesday about one copy of the Harry Potter photographs was being downloaded per second and that 50,000 had been exchanged since Monday .
BigChampagne Chief Executive Eric Garland said he believes the pictures are probably legitimate .
Rowling fueled speculation about the ending of the last book when she said last year that at least two characters would be killed off and a third got a reprieve .
Tight security has surrounded Rowling ’s eagerly awaited final novel about the teenage wizard .
The first six books have sold 325 million copies worldwide .
Potter fans reacted angrily to purported Internet leaks .
“ I hate it when people ruin things like this for everyone else who wants to enjoy it the right way , ” one contributor wrote on Harry Potter fan site www.mugglenet.com.
“ I think that ’s just the most awful thing ever .
Especially when there ’s spoilers where you least suspect it .
People are jerks . ”
By Paul Rincon
BBC News science reporter
The last 100 years is more striking than either the Medieval Warm Period or Little Ice Age
Timothy Osborn , UEA
The findings support evidence pointing to unprecedented recent warming of the climate linked to greenhouse emissions .
University of East Anglia researchers measured changes in fossil shells , tree rings , ice cores and other past temperature records or " proxies " .
They also looked at people 's diaries from the last 750 years .
Timothy Osborn and Keith Briffa of UEA analysed instrument measurements of temperature from 1856 onwards to establish the geographic extent of recent warming .
Then they compared this data with evidence dating back as far as AD 800 .
The analysis confirmed periods of significant warmth in the Northern Hemisphere from AD 890 - 1170 ( the so - called " Medieval Warm Period " ) and for much colder periods from 1580 - 1850 ( the " Little Ice Age " ) .
Natural records
The UEA team showed that the present warm period is the most widespread temperature anomaly of any kind since the ninth century .
" The last 100 years is more striking than either [ the Medieval Warm Period or Little Ice Age ] .
It is a period of widespread warmth affecting nearly all the records that we analysed from the same time , " co-author Timothy Osborn told the BBC .
Osborn and Briffa used 14 sets of temperature records from different locations across the Northern Hemisphere .
The records included long life evergreen trees growing in Scandinavia , Siberia and the Rockies which had been cored to reveal the patterns of wide and narrow tree rings over time .
Wider rings related to warmer temperatures .
The chemical composition of ice from cores drilled in the Greenland ice sheets revealed which years were warmer than others .
Dear diary
The researchers used proxy data developed from the diaries of people living in the Netherlands and Belgium during the past 750 years that revealed , for example , the years when the canals froze .
" These records extend over many centuries and even thousands of years .
We simply counted how many of those records indicated that , in any one year , temperatures were warmer than average for the region they came from , " said Dr Osborn .
Professor John Waterhouse , director of the Environmental Sciences Research Centre Anglia Ruskin University in Cambridge commented : " Although we 're getting increasingly accurate measurements of present - day temperature , we 've got nothing like that from the past to compare those with .
" There 's much uncertainty in past reconstructions .
You 've got to look at the reconstructed data in the past in light of the likely errors that those data have . "
But he added : " As we get more and more evidence in , it is looking as if the current period is the warmest for over 1,000 years . "
In November , Science published a paper showing atmospheric levels of the greenhouse gases carbon dioxide and methane are higher now than at any time in the past 650,000 years .
Line Rider
click for a clean slate Share
Your
Score Tweet Share Sorry your Browser is n't able to play Flash .
Post Line Rider on your Blog ( or ) Website Copy and Paste this code anywhere you want : < a href = " http://entertainmentfans.com/linerider/ " target= " _blank " title= " Line Rider " >< img src= " http://entertainmentfans.com/games/images/linerider48.jpg " border = " 0 " ></a>< br> Go Play < br >< a href = " http://entertainmentfans.com/linerider/ " target= " _blank " title= " Line Rider " >
Line Rider</a >
Go Play
Line Rider
Line Rider Video Tutorials
Name : Line Rider - Ramp Tutorial
Description : Some of you wanted to know how I made the big ramps in my other video , so I made this .
WARNING : Making ramps like this greatly slows down your computer , I have an Athlon 64 4400 x2 , I 'm using the exe version of the game , and it still slows down on the bigger ramps .
If you need to know how to make strait lines , dxmagikarp made a tutorial for strait lines
Notes : n/
a
Name : Line Rider - Perfect Landing Tutorial
Description : A quick way to make a perfect landing in Line Rider .
He basically makes use of the save feature on line rider to determine where to make the landing
Notes : n/
a
Watch some sick Line Rider videos !
Name : Line Rider - Jagged Peak Adventure
Description : A scenic trip through the magical world of Line Rider .
Notes : Pretty sure this is a NON hacked Line Rider track
Name : Line Rider -
Die at the slopes
Description : Line rider movie staged on the ski mountain - The song is banquet by Bloc Party
Notes : Pretty sure this is a NON hacked Line Rider track
Name : Line Rider -
Trip to the grave
Description : Pretty simple video , but obviously done on a real version , and give the rest of us hope that we might do some cool tracks some day :)
Notes : Pretty sure this is a NON hacked Line Rider track
Name : Line Rider - Urban Run
Description : The sequel to Jagged Peak Adventure !
Completely 3D , not flat sections .
Music from Katamari Damacy soundtrack
Notes : Pretty sure this is a hacked Line Rider track
Name : Line Rider - Spiral
Description :
Watch the little penguin take the Line Rider all the way around a giant spiral
Notes : Pretty sure this is a NON hacked Line Rider track
Name : Line Rider - Skatepark
Description :
Its a linerider skatepark - He is skating to Goldfinger in case you want to check them out
Notes : Pretty sure this is a hacked Line Rider track
Name : Line Rider - Jumps the Shark
Description : Line Rider does a Triple Loop and Jumps some Sharks
Notes : Pretty sure this is a NON hacked Line Rider track
Do you have a Line Rider Movie you think is equal or better than those above , email it to us and we will put it here for all to enjoy Tired of Line Rider ?
Go Play The Penguin Game !
Regina Lynn poses in front of the main plaza in Red Light Center .
Females are n't as scantily clad as they used to be , but males still get the better t- shirts .
View Slideshow * Editor 's note : Some links and the accompanying gallery in this story lead to adult material and are not suitable for viewing at work .
All links of this nature will be noted with " NSFW " after them . *\—
One thing you notice in my line of work is that everyone likes to talk about future enhancements rather than current functionality , even if it took years to get a product to its current state .
I suspect this is a universal enthusiasm among creative people , but it seems particularly strong among sex - tech pioneers .
So when I talked with Ray Schwartz , co-founder of Red Light Center , NSFW I did my best to keep us focused on what is rather than what will be .
Red Light Center is an adults - only virtual world that boasts 40,000 members , 10 percent of which are VIPs who pay $ 20 / month for their privileges – even though Red Light does n't officially enter beta until September .
In May , I invited a dozen Sex Drive forum members to explore the new platform for me , as I was n't going to have time to devote to it until late July .
Initial reviews were mixed , with the men more patient with the product 's flaws than the women were .
The men felt Red Light Center had potential , but was too difficult to use and lacked important features .
One said that viewing the porn videos in a browser window killed his sense of immersion .
Another liked running around naked but had a hard time finding women to chat with .
Both men and women decried the generic avatars , the inability to customize anything and the clunky user interface .
Reading the women 's comments , I could see each one pushing back from her computer and flinging her hands up with disgust .
" My biggest gripe is that the guys have actual clothes and women have to walk around in itty bitty slutty underwear and teeny tiny strappy high heels , " wrote one .
" Do they seriously think this is women - friendly ? "
" It struck me as a very guy ideal , " said another , who admits that she found the virtual environment difficult and distracting in general .
" As for the porn available , there are easier ways to surf for naughty bits . "
I finally entered Red Light Center last week , wondering how much had changed since my helpers first saw it .
I managed to clothe my avatar somewhat modestly – she has pants – and yet the available bodies , skin colors and facial shapes are still woefully limited .
All around me , female avatars minced by in stilettos , breasts bobbing gently in bras and corsets .
Men 's chests swelled against painted - on T - shirts ; the occasional nudist sprinted past , penis conspicuously dangling halfway down his thighs .
I wandered through an erotic art gallery , watched a porn video and ran through the public sex hall before I realized where I was .
Along the way I passed a gentleman 's club , a bordello and several storefronts that launch websites where you can buy real - world lingerie , porn and toys .
I felt like I was walking through a frat boy 's spring break fantasy .
And yet , Red Light Center markets itself as an erotic adventure for women .
I asked Ray what made him think that this environment had any particularly feminine appeal .
He admits that the in - world focus on porn grew out of his co-founder Brian Schuster 's decade as an adult webmaster .
His archives were the easiest content to launch with , so that 's where they started .
Now , he says , they 're adding more features designed to offer women more varied environments in which to act out their fantasies , based on user requests .
The latest enhancement : Female avatars can finally take their shoes off .
" The lagoon is opening , and you 'll be able to swim in it , " he says .
Until now , the lagoon has been purely for decoration .
" We have caves to explore , and one of the caves has a clamshell bed where people can have sex if they want .
And there 's a pirate ship . "
Also , female VIPs will be able to slip into mermaid avatars here .
Next up , also by female request , is a spa where you can get massages , pedicures and mud baths .
" It 's in a very serene , comfortable , outdoorsy setting , " says Ray .
" With trees and little rabbits running around . "
It 's not that the world is unwelcoming or that women would n't enjoy it as it is – but after all the build - up , I was expecting something more balanced .
Certainly it needs male pole dancers , and more " working boys " to balance the working girls .
Once I started talking with other people and finding out where they like to go , I began to relax and get into the scene .
Like most newbies , I found my way to the clubs and started clicking the dance animations , developing my own signature fusion of ballet , hip - hop and the funky chicken .
Soul Train , eat your heart out .
In the past , I 've slipped into virtual environments incognito .
But this time I let the community know who I was and that I was researching for a column .
As I write this , I 'm dancing on a bar in Blu's and asking my neighbors if they come here often .
ThickoneMike tells me he joined in April looking for cybersex , but he stays because he enjoys the people he chats with .
" I can't remember the last time I had sex in here ! " he says .
He asks me if I 've had time to try the VOIP ; I did n't even know the world had voice chat .
I follow him to the hotel and we discover that the VOIP activates automatically when you enter a private room .
I like his voice , and I right - click his avatar to view his social networking profile .
He 's cute offline , too !
I realize that we might be heading for something I had n't planned on , and I check the time , assess the current level of pain in my wrists and decide that my editor will understand if the column is late .
And then suddenly I 'm back in my office and Red Light Center has shut down .
I do n't know if I lost connection or if I accidentally clicked Quit as I switched between the 3 - D client and Notepad .
Unfortunately , you do n't return to the world in the location where you last left it .
This does n't seem like a big deal until you get knocked offline at an inopportune moment .
By the time I logged back in , ran through the revolving entry door , down the street , through the hotel lobby and to the elevator , ThickoneMike was already on his way out and the moment was lost .
Red Light provides sex bots to help you practice your cybersex positions .
Like dancing , once you get into a sex hotspot , you get a list of moves and sub -moves to click .
Select Flirting and you can add a smile ; select Doggy and you can add a smack or a push back .
Orgasms are anti-climactic , but followed by cuddling ; a nice touch .
Noche Kandora , NSFW a well - known Second Life dominatrix , likes the way the avatars flow from one sex act to another .
" The graceful transition between moves , the subtle fade effect when a couple switches positions , makes for a more seamless visual display compared to Second Life , " says Noche .
The list offers a nice variety of vanilla positions and the animation is lovely .
Straight and lesbian pairings are supported , with male homosexual options – including a bath house – coming soon .
Having now spent several evenings turning the place inside out , my biggest complaint about Red Light Center is that it provides almost no documentation .
There 's no online help where you can look up how to find partner sex , how to locate the hot tub , how to travel between dimensions to find your friends .
Launching one of the internet 's first adult 3 - D environments without extensive online help is appallingly shortsighted .
People will come to Red Light Center with and without experience in other games or online worlds ; many will enter through the social networking portal .
Leaving them to fumble around on their own even when they look for help is a major flaw .
See you next Friday ,
Regina Lynn
\—
Regina Lynn can't believe people still think " wanna do it ? " is an effective way to get women into bed .
How about starting with a nice " hello , welcome to the plaza , can I help you find anything " instead ?
Teens Online : Not a Freak Zone
Sex Games Get Down to Business
Sex Trumps Game
The Myth of Cybersexual Losers
Different Drums , But in EHarmony
Regina Lynn Is All Woman
Richard Shoff , a former Ku Klux Klan leader in Indiana .
John McGoff , an ardent supporter of the former apartheid South African regime .
R.J. Rushdoony , the theological leader of America 's " Christian Reconstruction " movement , which advocates that Christian fundamentalists take " dominion " over America by abolishing democracy and instituting Old Testament Law .
Rushdoony 's Reconstructionalists believe that " homosexuals . . . adulterers , blasphemers , astrologers and others will be executed , " along with disobedient children .
Reed Larson , head of anti-union National Right to Work Committee .
Don Wildmon , TV censorship activist and accused anti-Semite .
Lieutenant - Colonel Oliver North , Major General John K. Singlaub and other principals from the Iran - Contra Scandal .
J. Kenneth Blackwell , the man who stole Ohio ’s 2004 presidential election , was out campaigning October 4 , 2006 with a man widely viewed as one of America ’s leading white supremacists .
Blackwell is an African - American .
He is also the Republican nominee for governor of Ohio .
As Secretary of State , he was the GOP point man for stealing the 2004 presidential vote that gave George W. Bush a second term .
As co-chair of the state ’s Bush - Cheney re-election campaign , Blackwell engineered a complex strategy of confusion , disenfranchisement and theft that mirrored what was done by Katherine Harris in Florida 2000 .
Harris was rewarded with a safe Congressional seat , and is now the Republican nominee for U.S. Senate .
Polls show Blackwell trailing between 12 - 20 points in his gubernatorial race , but few Ohio insiders doubt his ability to steal the necessary votes , if he can get away with it .
Currently , Blackwell operatives are stressing that he ’s “ only 12 points down ” and that they believe the race will tighten significantly by Election Day .
Blackwell toured the state with Larry Pratt , author of ARMED PEOPLE VICTORIOUS , which advocates the creation of militant right - wing militias .
Pratt has spoken and shared platforms in the past with Ku Klux Klan and neo -Nazi Aryan Nation members .
He was forced to take a leave of absence from Pat Buchanan ’s 1996 presidential campaign over charges of white supremacist and anti-semitic views .
Pratt ’s 150,000 - member Gun Owners of America is proudly to the right of the National Rifle Association .
According to the Columbus Dispatch , Pratt says he could n’t be a racist because he is campaigning with Blackwell , an African - American .
Blackwell is “ our kind of guy , ” says Pratt , in reference to Blackwell ’s support of gun owners ’ rights .
Blackwell campaign spokesperson attorney Eric Seabrook , conceded on Sunday , October 8 to the Khari Enaharo show listeners on 98.9 FM radio that Pratt was a white supremacist but , he stressed “ it was all about the gun rights issue .
” But this is not the first time Blackwell has lined up with extreme right - wing backers boasting racist and anti-semitic roots .
Earlier this year Blackwell posted on his website a picture of himself addressing the Council for National Policy .
The CNP has deep “ neo- fascist ” and Ku Klux Klan ties according to Chip Berlet of the Boston - based Political Research Associates .
In addition to right wing extremists such as Jerry Falwell , Phyllis Schlafly and Pat Robertson , the CNP embraces a broad spectrum of powerful , reactionary bigots .
Among them are members of the Ahmanson family , major funders of extremist publications and electronic voting machines .
The Ahmanson ’s financial and political ties are thoroughly intertwined with both ES&S and Diebold , mainstays of the electronic hardware used to steal the Ohio vote .
Among their associates are Bob and Todd Urosevich , whose executive and programming work has helped shape the two voting machine companies .
Others associated with the CNP include : After a public uproar , Blackwell pulled his CNP photo off his website .
But he has thus far made no similar backtrack on Larry Pratt .
“ We ’re happy to have his support , ” says a campaign spokesman , reported the Dispatch .
Blackwell supporters continue to predict he will make a “ last - minute surge ” to win the governor ’s race .
Making no visible moves toward the mainstream , Blackwell may well be banking on two bottom lines in Bush - era electoral politics : loaded guns and rigged voting machines .
-- Bob Fitrakis and Harvey Wasserman are co-authors , with Steve Rosenfeld , of WHAT HAPPENED IN OHIO ? , just published by the New Press .
Fitrakis is an independent candidate for governor of Ohio , endorsed by the Green Party .
Last week , the Paris police issued a prohibition on the distribution to the homeless of soup containing pork meat or fat .
According to the police authorities – the same ones who are incapable of restoring law and order in the Paris suburbs – distributing soup containing pork or lard is a racist offence since some people in need might be Muslim and hence not allowed to eat pork .
Yesterday , however , an administrative court of first instance in Paris ruled that distributing pork soup is not racist .
Today Bertrand Delanoë , the Mayor of Paris , told the Paris police to appeal the court ruling .
Pork has been on the European menu since time immemorial .
In the winter of 2004 Solidarité des Français ( SdF ) , a charity organization running a soup kitchen , began to distribute “ soupe au cochon ” ( pork soup ) .
SdF is a private organization and is said to be closely allied with “ islamophobic ” groups .
According to critics it put pork soup on the menu to exclude Muslims .
The organization says that the soup is a traditional French recipe with origins dating back to Gallic times .
Even Asterix and Obelix ate pork soup .
On 28 December the Paris police prefecture issued a prohibition on the distribution of the soup , denouncing the “ xenophobic character of a charity that excludes people of Jewish and Muslim confessions . ”
Paris police officers had to enforce the prohibition .
This time the policemen did not need to enter certain Paris suburbs because the ruling sharia authorities in those no - go areas ensure that no pork soup is served there .
Yesterday ’s court ruling , which again allowed the serving of pork soup , was criticized by Bertrand Delanoë .
The Paris mayor said he was “ astonished ” to learn that the court tolerates an initiative which “ knowingly excludes Jews and Muslims . ”
“ Confronted with this xenophobic initiative , I want to express again that the city denounces and opposes every form of discrimination , racism and anti-Semitism , ” the mayor said .
He asked the police prefecture to appeal the verdict .
Frédéric Pichon , the lawyer of SdF said : “ There has never been any discrimination .
No -one has been denied the offer of soup on the basis of his clothes , appearance , religion or race . ”
Mayor Delanoë is a Socialist and an outspoken homosexual .
Religious Muslims oppose homosexuality at least as much as they oppose pork soup .
If the mayor considers it a racist hate crime for a private organization to offer the homeless pork soup when some of the homeless might be Muslims , he may ponder the question whether it is not a racist hate crime for a city to have a gay mayor when some of the city ’s citizens are Muslims .
As Molière said : “ Je vis de bonne soupe et non de beau langage ” ( I live on good soup , not on fine words ) .
Update :
Victory for Pigs : France Prohibits Soup , 8 January 2007
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
My friend was one of the Billionaires for Bush .
She worked tirelessly and hardly slept , organizing new ways of getting other students to care about the election looming .
Humor is our best strategy , she thought .
So in the spring of 2004 she spent a few evenings in the backyard of an off - campus co-op , twisting chicken wire into a globe , plastering it with paper mache , and painting on green land and blue sea .
Bigger than she was , it took the help of a few friends to carry to a rally in front of the university president ’s office , where she and some Billionaires , dressed ridiculously in furs and cocktail dresses and tuxedos , ferociously smashed it to bits .
But chicken wire is hard to smash .
The wire cage eventually wound up in the backyard , recycled into an an overflow compost container .
Was she being watched ?
What if she had a hunch and entertained the thought — well , that would make her crazy .
Who would perceive her as dangerous ?
Who would have the time to watch ?
Who would even care ?
If she ’d wondered out loud to her doctor — well , that falls under a few diagnoses in the DSM - IV .
She would have been sent to the loony bin .
And she was .
She spent a few weeks in the psych ward and was forced by school officials to take the rest of the semester off .
I saw her once , in a group , during visiting hours , and could n’t think of a damn thing to say .
But she would have been right .
Today the New York City Police records covering those months were exposed .
Jim Dwyer writes in the New York Times , “ From Albuquerque to Montreal , San Francisco to Miami , undercover New York police officers attended meetings of political groups , posing as sympathizers or fellow activists , the records show .
They made friends , shared meals , swapped e-mail messages and then filed daily reports with the department ’s Intelligence Division . ”
They sent daily notes back to New York on forms called DD5s , describing the activists , their meetings , and their plans .
My friend ’s name must be in those piles of paper .
Another Billionaire , Marco Ceglie , told the Times , “ It was a running joke that some of the new faces were 25 - to 32 - year - old males asking , ‘ First name , last name ? ’ ….
Some people did n’t care ; it bothered me and a couple of other leaders , but we did n’t want to make a big stink because we did n’t want to look paranoid . ”
By Megan Lane
BBC News Magazine
The workers at Fruit Towers in west London are on a mission - to get the world drinking their tasty smoothies , and to have fun doing so .
Fruit Towers is the quirkily named headquarters of Innocent Drinks , one of a string of fast - growing companies that sell themselves as happy - go - lucky and people - orientated .
Google is another .
So too is Orange - especially now its " togetherness " ads are fronted by a pair of smiling wind - up toys created by Aardmann Animations - and the online bank Smile , and Ocado , the online supermarket partnered with Waitrose .
Blazing a trail many years ago were the likes of Ben and Jerry 's and Starbucks .
WHAT MAKES US HAPPY AT WORK Top 10 , in rank order Friendly supportive colleagues Enjoyable work Good boss or manager Good work / life balance Varied work Doing something worthwhile Making a difference Part of a successful team Achievements recognised Competitive salary Source : Chiumento's Happiness at Work Index
Not only does this seem to appeal to customers , it proves quite a hook for prospective employees .
To be in employment is , for most of us , a given .
And Britons work the longest hours in Europe .
So why not try to make it sound as enjoyable and fulfilling as possible ?
Innocent , with its booming sales and myriad staff benefits , makes much of what a happy place it is to work .
And , no doubt helped by the company being named Guardian Employer of the Year in 2005 , and being the top food and drink company in the Sunday Times Best Small Companies To Work For list , it has no shortage of applicants .
Established six years ago , it is growing at a rate of 150 % a year , a pace the Sunday Times says is only sustainable because of the commitment of its staff - who in the paper 's survey overwhelmingly agreed with Innocent 's values and said they were proud to work there .
Innocent 's head office ... complete with table football in top - left corner
A new survey which set out to understand what makes for happy employees , found the most important factor is having friendly , supportive colleagues .
Languishing in 10th place in the Happiness at Work index , conducted by Chiumento , a human resources consultancy , is a competitive salary .
No surprise then that the recruitment section of Orange 's website advertises " nicer call centre jobs " and lists a great sense of humour as a key quality for prospective employees .
But happiness comes not just from having a laugh at work .
Many employees want to know that they will be looked after , and that their employer has interests beyond the bottom line .
Cottage industry roots
Google , the behemoth that fondly cherishes its cottage industry roots , receives a bewildering 100,000 job applications a month .
With that many potential employees beating down its door , it can pick and choose the brightest , best - rounded candidates .
BEST BIG FIRMS TO WORK FOR 1 .
KPMG 2 . Barchester Healthcare 3 . Nationwide Building Society 4 . RBS Retail Bank 5 . Morgan Stanley Source : Sunday Times Best Big Companies to Work For 2006 , based on staff satisfaction , and benefits such as flexible hours , pension provision etc
But the emphasis on happiness extends beyond businesses with metaphorical flowers in their hair .
At RM , an educational software company based in Abingdon , HR director Russell Govan says job seekers are increasingly interested in office atmosphere , extra-curricular activities and company values .
" I 've worked in HR for a good quarter of a century , and in the past few years there 's been a gradual shift .
It 's a generational thing .
Young people are much fussier about where they work - how friendly it is , green issues , whether the company gives something back . "
Now you 're talking ... " work " at the Googleplex , Google 's HQ
Software developer Chris Munday says that when he was recruited seven years ago , the social aspects of working at RM were emphasised .
" With moving to a new area for the job , the social events and opportunity to work with like - minded people were crucial for me .
I remember watching a video of the last summer party and being impressed by the scale of the event being put on to say thanks to the employees for their efforts . "
And it was persuasive .
Flexible friends
" I was offered the two graduate jobs I seriously applied for in my final year at university , and the focus on people and the right work / life balance was the thing that tipped the scales in RM 's favour .
The financial packages were similar but the people I met at RM were obviously enjoying their work . "
Everyday is bring your bike to work day at Howies
But few companies are quite so loose as the likes of Howies , a small company making eco-friendly clothes in Cardigan , west Wales , where staff can take " too nice to be here " days .
" We spend a lot of time at work so if you can make it as fun as possible , that 's important , " says co-founder Dave Hieatt , a former advertising copyrighter who left the London rat race for west Wales .
" From a business point of view , people enjoying themselves are going to come up with better ideas , so it 's common sense . "
The company 's website , catalogue and labels espouse these ideals , and Mr Hieatt says he 's surprised at the calibre of person who asks to join the 20 - strong team .
" When I get people from Patagonia and Apple asking - companies I put right up there - I think , ' great , do I take a pay cut to get them on board ? '
But there 's not much to do in Cardigan , it 's not Seattle . "
Your comments
I may be being cynical , but I remember similar articles about advertising agencies a few years ago .
That was when there was lots of money in advertising and those companies could afford to be ' wacky ' .
Now that the market for smoothies is growing dramatically and companies like Innocent are benefiting from that growth , it is their turn to be trendy innovators in the workplace .
Richard , Stratford
I completely agree with the idea that to be happy in your work place is far more important than the remuneration and also that having support from your colleagues / friends is vital .
I work in Leigh Library in Lancashire and though the pay is n't great , everything else is .
Sara Coree , St Helens
One of the reasons why the young appear to be more interested in how they will be treated is because they / we need to worry about that now .
When I started work at ICI in the middle 1970 's treating your colleagues ( in fact everyone you met in life ) with respect was a given .
No one doubted that that was a standard .
We have lost that so people have to be much more careful about they ( working ) environment .
The big companies also gave huge opportunities in many fields and social clubs and activities .
All this was lost in the 1980s and 1990s when profit became the only driver .
Outsourcing and using your companies ' contract with another company as a way to beat up employees became common .
So working life became much less fun and much more pressured .
Frank Strange , Northwich , England
I worked for RM a few years ago .
Yes the parties were amazing , but it was one of the most singularly miserable places I 've ever worked .
Janine , Abingdon
I 'd send this to our HR director - if I thought he would get anything done to make us happier .
Robert , Reading , England
I 'd rather take a less " fun " workplace in favour of a higher salary and good bonus .
That way I can better enjoy my life outside of work , live in a better environment and look forward to a fat pension when I retire early .
My banking job may not be as fun as other workplaces but the benefits are good and I can look forward to times that are n't spent in the office and a future with less financial constraints .
Horses for courses but that 's my view .
John , London
If this was ever tried in the public sector , we would be accused of wasting money !
John Carter , Bath , Somerset
Competitive salary 's still at the top of my list .
Sorry !
RW , UK
I completely agree with this .
Having recently had my second child I have re-evaluated priorities and found myself no longer yearning for the highest salary , but instead opted to change my work / life balance and returned to a company I had left 12 months previously for a higher salary , better car etc , for a much reduced salary etc , but where I know the managers willingly accommodate the flexibility and much reduced hours I now want to ensure that I can optimise the time I spend with my children .
I think any future decisions regarding changes to my work will be happiness related rather than for financial gain .
I think the highest payers tend to want the most from their employees and demonstrate the least flexibility for employees to accommodate their personal lives and they will not be able to retain employees , while they may still be able to attract them in the first place .
Sally Roberts , Doncaster
Our table football is one of the best areas for networking with new people as well as often being a venue for quick meetings !
I think the business atmosphere is better for such relaxation areas and my employer certainly benefits in the long run .
The same could said for the smoking areas though ...
Marc Carter
I 've nothing against being happy at work , but I read recently that studies show little correlation between happiness and productivity .
Once corporations twig that , you can kiss goodbye to the perks !
Jason Mills , Accrington , UK
If you live to work then having a " wacky " or " cool " workplace is great .
However , I would argue most people work to live .
The ability to live within a capitalist society is determined by income and therefore as attractive a work place may be , salaries remain the most important factor .
Olly , London
I can well believe that having happy and communicative people about you is top of the list .
I once worked in a team of three moody , bad mannered and hostile people .
I hated that job and could n't wait to get out .
When redundancy was offered , I jumped at it .
I now have a job that scores in every one of your top ten points and I love it .
P
Pete , Maidenhead
Per John Carters comments , if a private company wants to spend money on this sort of thing it 's fine .
After all , it 's their money .
For a public concern ?
Well now you 're talking about spending my money - and I get precious little for it as it is .
Now get your nose back to the grindstone .
Beaklington , London
What a crock ....
I , like almost everyone I have ever met come to work to earn a living to pay for the things they like / need .
If they did not need to work they would be sat at home watching the footy .......
Dean , Peterborough
Add your comments on this story , using the form below .
Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
Resist or Become Serfs Iran , Gold , and Oil - The Next Banksters War
See also Bigeye's A Talk by G. Edward Griffin Author of The Creature from Jekyll Island See also Bigeye's Federal Reserve educational archive
We 'll start way back in history to give some kind of historical perspective to this ; we 'll go back to the first century BC and the tiny kingdom of Phrygia .
There was a philosopher by the name of Epictetus and it was Epictetus who said " Appearances are of four kinds : things either are as they appear to be ; or they neither are nor appear to be ; or they are but do not appear to be ; or they are not and yet appear to be . "
When I read that statement for the first time , I had a big chuckle over it and I thought for sure that if Epictetus were alive today he would probably be a Harvard professor of money and banking ; it sounds like so many explanations that I have read about various aspects of the Federal Reserve System .
What he did was he took a fairly simple concept but by the time that he was through explaining it , we did n't have any idea what he was talking about .
All Epictetus said was that appearances can sometimes be deceiving .
That 's all he said but by the time he was through explaining the four different ways in which they can be deceiving , we were left back at the switch somewhere .
Nevertheless , I thought , accidentally perhaps , Epictetus had given me a track to run on so - to - speak .
Actually it could be the theme since if there 's anything in the world that is deceiving it is the Federal Reserve System .
In fact , it is one of those appearances of the fourth kind which are those appearances which are not and yet appear to be .
I 'm going to use that as sort of a hook on the topic .
We 'll come back to it from time - to - time and punctuate it if I can remember to do that because it tells us something at the most fundamental level about the Federal Reserve System and that is that appearances can be deceiving .
When I did my research on this topic I came to the startling conclusion that the Federal Reserve System does not need to be audited , it needs to be abolished .
This is very intriguing to think we should audit the Fed but I discovered that probably if they audited the Fed it would get a clean bill because it 's undoubtedly doing exactly what it 's supposed to do according to the law .
What it is supposed to do according to the law is justification for abolishing it so all we have to do is understand what the Federal Reserve System is supposed to do and we 'll be pretty upset about it .
The fact of the matter is that most people have n't the foggiest idea of what it is in fact supposed to do .
I came to the conclusion that the Federal Reserve needed to be abolished for seven reasons .
I 'd like to read them to you now just so that you get an idea of where I 'm coming from , as they say .
I put these into the most concise phrasing that I can to make them somewhat shocking and maybe you 'll remember them :
The Federal Reserve is incapable of accomplishing its stated objectives .
It is a cartel operating against the public interest .
It 's the supreme instrument of usury .
It generates our most unfair tax .
It encourages war .
It destabilizes the economy .
I do n't know what you think about those seven points .
I know a lot of you folks agree with them right off the bat , but I presume that there are some skeptics here tonight and I hope there are otherwise I am the minister talking to the choir .
I know in fact that there are always quite a few skeptics that come to these meetings and frankly you are the folks I 'm talking to tonight because once , not too long ago , I was in that same frame of mind .
I would 've thought to myself those are rather extreme statements , I do n't think they can be supported by fact .
Though time does n't permit me to cover all of those seven points here tonight , I would like to splash around on the first four topics for a little while and show you that there is in fact quite a bit of reason for a rational person to conclude that those statements are true .
I think the best place to begin is with the formation of the " creature from Jekyll Island " ; the creation of the Federal Reserve .
It takes me back to the title of the book " The Creature from Jekyll Island " and anybody that 's here thinking that we 're going to show a movie which is a sequel to Jurassic Park , you 're in the wrong place .
The title was designed , of course , to attract attention but it does have a great deal of significance to it .
For those of you who have not yet had a chance to delve into this , I should explain to you that Jekyll Island is a real island that 's off the coast of Georgia .
It was on that island back in 1910 that the Federal Reserve System was created at a highly secret meeting that took place there .
What I 'd like to do is illustrate to you that the meeting did in fact take place and I 'll show some of the documentation that is available for that to prove that the secrecy was extreme and then we 'll come face - to - face with the question " why the secrecy " ?
When things are done in secret quite often there 's something to hide and we 'll explore what it was that they wanted to hide .
Once we 've come to an understanding of that , then we 'll finally understand a very important aspect of the Federal Reserve System which is not generally understood .
Click image to watch video
Where it began -- Jekyll Island , Georgia Back in 1910 , Jekyll Island was completely privately owned by a small group of millionaires from New York .
We 're talking about people such as J. P. Morgan , William Rockefeller and their associates .
This was a social club and it was called " The Jekyll Island Club . "
They owned the island and it was where their families came to spend the winter months .
There was a magnificent structure there , the clubhouse , which was the center of their social activities .
That clubhouse is still there , by - the - way .
The island has since been purchased by the state of Georgia , converted into a state park and the clubhouse has been restored and you can visit it .
I think you'd be very impressed by it .
As you walk through the downstairs corridors you 'll come to a door and on the door there is a brass plaque and it says : " In this room the Federal Reserve System was created . "
This is not a secret anymore ; it 's a matter of public record .
Around the clubhouse there were some cottages as they were called which were built by some of the families to quarter themselves .
They 're attractive little things ; they were magnificent examples of the architecture of the turn of the century .
One of the cottages through which they take tours if you 're interested in doing that , as I recall the guide told us that there were 14 bathrooms in that cottage -- not exactly what we would call a cottage .
The clubhouse is where the Federal Reserve System was created .
Let 's retell that story in detail and see how it came about .
The year was 1910 , that was three years before the Federal Reserve Act was finally passed into law .
It was November of that year when Senator Nelson Aldrich sent his private railroad car to the railroad station in New Jersey and there it was in readiness for the arrival of himself and six other men who were told to come under conditions of great secrecy .
For example , they were told to arrive one at a time and not to dine with each other on the night of their departure .
They were told that should they arrive at the station at the same time they should pretend like they did n't even know each other .
They were instructed to avoid newspaper reporters at all cost because they were well - known people and had they been seen by a reporter they would 've asked questions .
Especially if two or three of them had been spotted together , this would 've raised eyebrows and they would 've asked a lot of questions .
One of the men carried a shotgun in a big black case so that if he had been stopped and asked where he was going he was prepared to say that he was going on a duck hunting trip .
The interesting thing about that part of the story is that we find out later from his biographer that this man never fired a gun in his life , in fact he borrowed that shotgun just to carry with him on this trip as part of the deception .
Once they got on board the private railroad car this pattern continued .
They were told to use first names only , not to use their last names at all .
A couple of the men even adopted code - names .
The reason for that is so that the servants on board the train would not know who these people were .
They were afraid that if the servants would talk about it then the word would leak out and it might get into the press .
They traveled for two nights and a day on board this car and they arrived after a 1,000 mile journey to Brunswick , Georgia .
From there they took a ferry across the inland straits and they ended up on Jekyll Island in the clubhouse where for the next nine days they sat around the table and hammered out all the important details of what eventually became the Federal Reserve System .
When they were done they went back to New York .
For quite a few years thereafter these men denied that any such meeting took place .
It was n't until after the Federal Reserve System was firmly established that they then began to talk openly about their journey and what they accomplished .
Several of them wrote books on the topic , one of them wrote a magazine article and they gave interviews to newspaper reporters so now it 's possible to go into the public record and document quite clearly and in detail what happened there .
Who were these seven men ?
The first one I have already mentioned , Senator Nelson Aldrich was the Republican whip in the Senate , he was the chairman of the National Monetary Commission which was the special committee of Congress created for the purpose of making a recommendation to Congress for proposed legislation to reform banking .
The public was quite concerned in those days over what was going on in the banking industry ; a lot of banks were folding , people were losing their investments in banks , they had broken their promise to guard the depositors assets , there were runs on the bank , banks could n't give the people their money back .
In particular they were concerned over the concentration of wealth in the hands of a few large banks in New York on Wall Street .
This is what they called the " money trust " in those days .
The money trust was a common phrase .
Quite a few politicians had been elected to office on their campaign promise to break the grip of the money trust .
President Wilson was one of those politicians that campaigned on that even though Wilson was himself hand - picked by the money trust and financed by the money trust and surrounded by the money trust -- all of his advisors and politic cronies .
The public did n't know that at the time and it was a popular issue .
If you campaigned against the money trust you were quite apt to be elected and that was what I call " the people you love to hate " money trust .
That was one of the purposes of the National Monetary Commission which was to propose legislation to break the grip of the money trust and Aldrich was chairman of that committee .
He was also the very important business associate of J. P. Morgan .
He was the father - in - law of John D. Rockefeller , Jr. which means that eventually he became the grandfather of Nelson Rockefeller , our former vice - president .
You remember his full name was Nelson Aldrich Rockefeller ; his middle name being derived from his famous grandfather .
The second important person there was Abraham Andrew who was Assistant Secretary of the Treasury .
He later became a Congressman and he was very important in banking circles .
Frank Vanderlip was there .
He was the President of the National City Bank of New York which was the largest of all of the banks in America representing the financial interests of William Rockefeller and the international investment firm of Kuhn , Loeb & Company .
Henry Davison was there , the senior partner of the J. P. Morgan Company .
Charles Norton was there ; he was the President of the First National Bank of New York which was another one of the giants .
Benjamin Strong was at the meeting ; he was the head of J. P. Morgan 's Banker 's Trust Company and Benjamin Strong three years later would become the first head of the Federal Reserve System .
Finally , there was Paul Warburg who was probably the most important at the meeting because of his knowledge of banking as it was practiced in Europe .
Paul Warburg was born in Germany and eventually became a naturalized American citizen .
He was a partner in Kuhn , Loeb & Company and was a representative of the Rothschild banking dynasty in England and France where he maintained very close working relationships throughout his entire career with his brother , Max Warburg , who was the head of the Warburg banking consortium in Germany and the Netherlands .
Paul Warburg was one of the wealthiest men in the world .
In fact , those of you who are Little Orphan Annie fans will remember Daddy Warbucks .
Daddy Warbucks was the characterization of Paul Warburg and everyone at the time was well aware of that fact .
I have his photograph in my book and if you compare the photograph to the cartoon drawing you 'll see the resemblance between Paul WARburg and Daddy WARbucks .
And while we 're on the topic of cartoon characters , if you played Monopoly , you remember the drawing of the capitalist with the handle - bar mustache and the cigar ?
That 's J. P. Morgan .
These were the seven men aboard that railroad car who were at Jekyll Island .
Amazing as it may seem , they represented approximately 1/4 of the wealth of the entire world .
These are the men that sat around the table and created the Federal Reserve System .
For the skeptic who 's wondering it did n't happen that way surely Griffin is exaggerating to make some kind of a point .
Let me put your mind at ease that it did happen that way ( perhaps not at ease but in a state of tension ) .
How do we know ?
For example , Frank Vanderlip who was at the meeting wrote an article that appeared in the Saturday Evening Post on February 9 , 1935 and I 'd like to read for you just a short excerpt from that article .
This is what Vanderlip said : " I do not feel it is any exaggeration to speak of our secret expedition to Jekyll Island as the occasion of the actual conception of what eventually became the Federal Reserve System .
We were told to leave our last names behind us .
We were told further that we should avoid dining together on the night of our departure .
We were instructed to come one at a time and as unobtrusively as possible to the railroad terminal on the New Jersey littoral of the Hudson where Senator Aldrich 's private car would be in readiness attached to the rear - end of a train to the south .
Once aboard the private car we began to observe the taboo that had been fixed on last names .
We addressed one another as Ben , Paul , Nelson and Abe. Davison and I adopted even deeper disguises abandoning our first names .
On the theory that we were always right , he became Wilbur and I became Orville after those two aviation pioneers the Wright brothers .
The servants and train crew may have known the identities of one or two of us , but they did not know all and it was the names of all printed together that would 've made our mysterious journey significant in Washington , in Wall Street , even in London .
Discovery we knew simply must not happen . "
Why not ? why the secrecy ?
what 's the big deal about a group of bankers getting together in private and talking about banking or even banking legislation .
And the answer is provided by Vanderlip himself in the same article .
He said : " If it were to be exposed publicly that our particular group had gotten together and written a banking bill , that bill would have no chance whatever of passage by Congress . "
Why not ?
Because the purpose of the bill was to break the grip of the money trust and it was written by the money trust .
And had that fact been known at the get - go , we would never have had a Federal Reserve System because as Vanderlip said it would have had no chance of passage at all by Congress .
So it was essential to keep that whole thing a secret as it has remained a secret even to this day .
Not exactly a secret that you could n't discover because anybody can go to the library and dig this out , but it is certainly not taught in textbooks .
We do n't know any of this in the official literature from the Federal Reserve System because that was like asking the fox to build the henhouse and install the security system .
That was the reason for the secrecy at the meeting .
Now we know something very important about the Federal Reserve that we did n't know before , but there 's much more to it than that .
Consider the composition of this group .
Here we had the Morgans , the Rockefellers , Kuhn , Loeb & Company , the Rothschilds and the Warburgs .
Anything strange about that mixture ?
These were competitors .
These were the major competitors in the field of investment and banking in those days ; these were the giants .
Prior to this period they were beating their heads against each other , blood all over the battlefield fighting for dominance in the financial markets of the world .
Not only in New York but London , Paris and everywhere .
And here they are sitting around a table coming to an agreement of some kind .
What 's going on here ?
We need to ask a few questions .
This is extremely significant because it happened precisely at that point in American history where business was undergoing a major and fundamental change in ideology .
Prior to this point , American business had been operating under the principles of private enterprise -- free enterprise competition is what made American great , what caused it to surpass all of the other nations of the world .
Once we had achieved that pinnacle of performance , however , this was the point in history where the shift was going away from competition toward monopoly .
This has been described in many textbooks as the dawning of the era of the cartel and this was what was happening .
For the fifteen year period prior to the meeting on Jekyll Island , the very investment groups about which we are speaking were coming together more and more and engaging in joint ventures rather than competing with each other .
The meeting on Jekyll Island was merely the culmination of that trend where they came together completely and decided not to compete -- they formed a cartel .
I need to define that word so that you will know what I mean when I use the word cartel .
It is a group of independently owned businesses which come together for the purpose of reducing or eliminating competition between themselves to enhance their profit margin or to secure their positions in the market .
They do this by various means one of which is price fixing -- no competition on price .
There are other means .
If we were forming a cartel here I might insist that I get the north and you can have the south and we wo n't compete .
Or I would say I 'll produce the gizmo and you can have the widget and we wo n't compete or we 'll share patents and processes and whatever we do we agree to eliminate competition between ourselves .
The more layers of agreement that we put one on top of the other , the more we become encased in this cartel structure and we become as one insofar as the market is concerned even though within that grouping we are separately owned .
This is just as true with a banking cartel as it is with any other industry .
We come to the conclusion when we analyze the nature of the Federal Reserve System how it operates , read the Federal Reserve Act , place it against the context of the historical background and we come smack to the realization that the Federal Reserve System although it parades around looking as though it 's a government operation of some kind , is merely a cartel of banks right under our noses and it is protected by law .
I sometimes get the impression that it 's been there dangerously operating all these years and we did n't even know it .
I saw a video some years ago about the lava tubes in Hawaii .
They are very impressive because apparently once in a while the ground will just break out , a hole will fall down and you can look into the hole and you see that there 's a river of lava actually flowing just a few feet under your feet and you do n't even know it 's down there unless something breaks through and you hope you 're not on the piece that breaks through .
I got the feeling that this is how the Federal Reserve has been operating right under our feet ; this cartel has been running and we did n't even know it because that fact has been carefully concealed from us .
Conclusion number 2 about the Federal Reserve System , a very important thing that we did n't know is the cartel .
There 's even more to it than that .
Perhaps the third ingredient is the most important of all and that is the realization that this cartel went into partnership with the government .
Now we have hold of something extremely significant .
Cartels often go into partnership with governments because they need the force of law to enforce their cartel agreement but in this case they did it in spades .
Whenever a partnership is formed there has to be a benefit to the partners otherwise they do n't form it .
So we need to ask the question what is the benefit , the payoff , for these two partners ?
Why did they go into it ?
Why did the government go into a partnership like this and why does the banking cartel ?
In answering those questions we finally come to grips with the reality of what this creature from Jekyll Island is .
Let 's take a look at that ; what 's the payoff to these two partners ?
In order to see that we 'll have to examine in some detail the mechanism by which the Federal Reserve System creates money .
This is a real interesting study .
I call it the " Mandrake Mechanism " named after that comic - book character of the 40s , Mandrake the Magician , who could create something out of nothing and then wave his cape and it was back into the void again .
That 's a pretty descriptive phrase for the way the Federal Reserve System does it .
Let 's take a look at it and see how they create money through the Mandrake Mechanism .
I am going to do this in a very simplified form .
I want to warn you that it 's going to sound like it 's too simple .
It 's not .
I 'm going to strip out all the banking terminology , all the banker language , all the accounting phrases that need to be defined and speak in very plain English that anybody can understand .
It may sound to you as though I 've simplified it too much and I want to assure you that in spite of the simple language everything I 'm going to tell you is absolutely 100 % technically accurate .
The other thing I want to warn you about is do n't try and make sense out of this because it can't be done ; this does not make sense and you 'll blow a fuse trying to make it make sense .
Just remember that it is a scam and if you keep that fact in mind then you 'll have no trouble comprehending what 's going on .
Here 's how it works .
It starts with the government side of the partnership , it starts in Congress which is spending money like crazy .
It spends far more money than it takes in .
It is spending way beyond its income .
How can it do that ?
Basically this is what happens .
Let 's say Congress needs an extra billion dollars today so it goes to the treasury and says " we want a billion dollars " and the treasury official says " you guys have got to be kidding , we do n't have any money here , you spent it all a long time ago , everything that we 've taken in taxes you fellows have spent by March . "
Congress says " we thought that was true but we thought we 'd stop by just in case somebody sent some more in . "
They get together and they go down the street and they get the idea that we 'll borrow the money .
So they stop at the printing office and they do n't print money at the printing office , they print certificates and they 're very fancy things with borders on the edge with an eagle across the top and a seal at the bottom and it says " US Government Bond " or " Note " or " Bill " depending on the length of the maturity of it .
If you hold it up to the light it really says " IOU " because that 's what it is .
They print these things up and it looks very impressive and then they offer them to the private sector ; they 're hoping that people will come up and loan money to the federal government and a lot of people do and are anxious to lend money to their government .
Why ?
Because they 've been told by their investment advisors that that 's the most sound investment that you can make .
Why ?
We 've all heard that these loans are backed by the full faith and credit of the US government .
They 're not quite sure what that means but it sure sounds good .
I 'd like to explain for you who are in doubt what that means .
The full faith and credit of the US government means that the government solemnly promises to pay back that loan plus interest if it has to take everything you and I have in the form of taxes in order to do it , it 's going to do it .
It will take everything we have if necessary to hold its pledge .
People do n't realize that they 're putting themselves on the line , they 're going to get their own money back minus a substantial handling fee .
Plenty of money is loaned to the government but never enough .
Congress needs more money than that .
They say not to worry .
They go further down the street to the Federal Reserve building .
The Fed has been waiting for them , that 's one of the reasons it was created .
By the time they get inside the Federal Reserve building the officer of the Fed is opening his desk drawer .
He knows they 're going to be there and he 's ready and he pulls out his checkbook and he writes a check to the US Treasury for one billion dollars or whatever the amount is that they need .
He signs the check and gives it to the treasury official .
We need to stop here for a minute and ask a question .
Where did they get a billion dollars to give to the treasury ?
who put that money into the account at the Federal Reserve System ?
The amazing answer is there is no money in the account at the Federal Reserve System .
In fact , technically , there is n't even an account , there is only a checkbook .
That 's all .
That billion dollars springs into being at precisely the instant the officer signs that check and that is called " monetizing the debt , " that 's the phrase they throw at you .
That means they just wrote a check , a big rubber check .
If you and I were to do that we would go to jail but they can do it because Congress wants them to do it .
In fact , this is the payoff , this is the benefit to the government side of this partnership , this is how the government gets its instant access to any amount of money at any time without having to go to the taxpayer directly and justify it or ask for it .
Otherwise , they would have to come to the taxpayer and say we 're going to raise your taxes another $ 3,000 this year and of course if they did that , they would be voted out of office real fast .
They like the Mandrake Mechanism because it 's a no questions asked source of money .
You may have noticed that it 's been many years since Congress has even discussed what anything costs , it 's not an issue .
It does n't make any difference what the cost is because regardless of the overrun they know they can go down the street to the Federal Reserve and by law the officer has to write that big check and give it to them and they 're off and running .
There in a nutshell is the reason the government likes the Mandrake Mechanism -- easy instant access to any amount of money of any kind without the taxpayer being involved directly in the loop .
But what about the banking side ?
This is where it really gets interesting .
Let 's go back to that billion dollar check .
The treasury official deposits the check into the government 's checking account and all of a sudden the computers start to click and it shows that the government has a billion dollar deposit meaning that it can now write a billion dollars in checks against that deposit which it starts to do real fast .
For the sake of our analysis , let 's just follow $ 100 out of that billion in a check that for some reason they write to the fellow that delivers the mail to our door .
The postal worker gets a check for $ 100 and he looks at this thing and he can't imagine in his wildest dreams that that money did n't exist two days ago anywhere in the universe .
It 's spendable so he would n't even care if you told him .
He deposits it now into his personal checking account .
Now we 're finally out of the Federal Reserve and out of the government 's check and we 're into the private banking system .
We 're in finally to that part of the partnership which is involved in the cartel .
A $ 100 deposit has now been made in the local bank and the banker sees that and runs over to the loan window and opens it up and says " attention , everybody , we have money to loan , someone just deposited $ 100 . "
Everyone is overjoyed at that because that 's one of the reasons they come to the bank , they come to borrow money .
That 's a sign of national health if you 're in debt so they 're anxious to know that the bank has money to loan , they line up for these loans .
They heard the banker and they say $ 100 that 's not very much and he says not to worry we can loan up to $ 900 based on that $ 100 deposit .
How can that be done ?
It gets complicated the way they do it and I 'll tell you in very simple terms .
The Federal Reserve System requires that the banks hold no less than 10 % of their deposits in reserve .
The bank holds 10 % of that $ 100 in reserve , $ 10 , and it loans this first fellow in line $ 90 .
What does he do with it ?
He wants to spend it so he puts it into his checking account .
In fact it probably goes directly into his checking account .
Let 's assume that they gave it to him and he puts it back , when he puts it back it 's a deposit is n't it ?
Only a $ 100 deposit but $ 900 in loans and that deposit is still there .
Where did the $ 900 come from and the answer is the same -- there was no money .
This springs into existence precisely at the point at which the loan is made .
Notice the difference , an important distinction is when the money is created out of nothing for the government it is spent by the government .
On the banking side , however , when it 's created out of nothing it's not spent by the banks it is loaned by the banks to you and to me and we spend it .
Notice that when they loan it to us we have to pay them interest on it .
Think about this for a minute .
This money was created out of nothing and yet they collect interest on it which means that they collect interest on nothing .
Not too shabby !
What a concept , why did n't I think of that !
I wish I had a magic checkbook like that where I could just write checks all day long and did n't have to have any money any place just checks , loan it to you folks and you 're silly enough to pay me interest on it .
That 's how it works .
Now you see what the benefit is to the banking cartel for being involved in this Federal Reserve System , interest on nothing .
The process does n't end there , however .
It has consequences to you and to me .
I 've heard some people say " is n't that interesting , these fellows are sure smart , I guess they deserve to be rich . "
It 's as though we 're out of the loop , it does n't affect us any , they got rich but we 're ok .
Well no , they got rich alright but they got it by taking it from us .
How does that work ?
Let 's follow this .
This newly created money goes out into the economy and it dilutes down the value of the dollars that were already out there .
It 's like pouring water into a pot of soup , it dilutes the soup .
So by throwing more and more money into the economic soup out there the money gets weaker and weaker and weaker and we have the phenomenon called inflation which is the appearance of rising prices .
I emphasis the word " appearance " because in reality prices are not rising at all .
What we 're seeing is that the value of the dollar is going down , that 's the real side of the equation .
If we had real money based on gold or silver or anything tangible that could n't just be created out of thin air , it could be based on microphones , that they could n't just create with the stroke of a pen , you would see then that prices would remain stable over a long period of time .
To illustrate that point , it 's interesting to know that if we had lived in ancient Rome with a one ounce gold coin we would 've been able to buy a very fine toga , a hand - crafted belt and a pair of sandals -- that was the price in Rome .
Today , if we have a one ounce gold coin what can we buy with it ?
We can go into any men's store and buy a very fine suit , a hand - crafted belt and a pair of shoes .
The price of these items has n't changed in thousands of years when expressed in terms of real money but when expressed in terms of these things we carry around in our pockets called Federal Reserve notes which is not really money at all , fiat money anyway , the prices keep going up and up and up because the value of those units keeps going down and down and down because they keep making more and more and more of them and dumping them into the economic soup .
That 's still not the end of the process .
We lost some purchasing power through this process called inflation .
We lost something and very few people ask the question " who got it " ?
It 's as though nobody got it , we all lost it , it 's like it evaporated and went up to heaven somewhere .
No , somebody got it .
For every loser there 's a winner .
Or I should say for every fifty losers there 's one winner that gets it all .
Somebody got it .
Who ?
Those people that got our lost purchasing power are the ones who were right up at the point where the fresh money was injected into the economic pot of soup .
The ones that got the money first gained because they had full purchasing power at that instant when the money was created .
By the time they spent it and gave it to you and you spent it on something and gave it to him and by the time that it got out to the edge of the pot where most of us are it 's diluted .
The ones that were right up at the nozzle got our lost purchasing power .
Who are they ?
Obviously the government was up there first .
Remember the billion dollar check , the very beginning of this process went to the government and they spent it instantly and that money went out into the economy and that was the beginning of this ripple effect .
Who else ?
The next ones were the people who were up at the loan window .
They got the money that was freshly created by the banking system because they were the borrowers .
We all know that in times of inflation borrowers gain , this is no mystery .
We 've been told and advised to borrow money and stay up to the hilt in debt because you borrow in dollars but because of inflation you can pay back with 50 cent pieces .
So everybody knows about this part of it .
What they forget is that the alleged benefits of doing this are surrendered to the bank in the form of interest payments .
They 're really not gaining that much .
The gain that they are getting through the inflation process they 're having to give to the bank in the form of interest on nothing .
And it seems that they 're gaining because they have these paper profits .
The value of this real estate is going up and up and up or the value of my stock is going up and up and up but it 's all paper .
As far as purchasing power is concerned it 's not going up , up , up at all .
Nevertheless they 're still having to pay for that illusion in the form of interest payments on nothing .
Then comes the inevitable contraction of the economy .
People do n't realize that the economy moves traditionally like a sawtooth -- it goes up gradually for a long period of time and seems like forever it 's going to go up , you can plan on it forever and do n't worry about it and then clunk !
it falls down very quickly and then it starts the next long climb and people forget that every once in a while it comes down very abruptly .
When it contracts people are extended out there and they can't service their debt and make the payments and they lose their assets .
Another interesting thing about this is that when the bank loans you money which it created out of nothing , it costed nothing to make it , it wants something from you .
It wants you to sign on the dotted line and pledge your house , your car , your inventory , your assets so that in case for any reason you cannot continue to make your payments they get your marbles , they get all of your assets .
They 're not going to lose anything on this .
Whether it 's expansion or contraction , inflation or deflation the banks are covered and we like sheep go right along with it because we have n't figured it out , we do n't know that this is a scam .
Of course we have no choice either right now because it 's all enforced by law .
We have no escape .
We have no choice but it 's even better that we do n't understand it because we can't complain about it either .
There you have it .
The two groups that got our lost purchasing power -- is anyone surprised ?-- the two members of the partnership , the government and the banking cartel .
The two groups that comprise the Federal Reserve System .
This lost purchasing power which is going from us to them is a tax .
We do n't think of it as a tax but it is .
We have no escape from it .
In fact , it 's more a tax than the income tax or the excise tax which you can escape in one way or another .
You can't escape this one .
There are no deductions , no exemptions , everyone pays it and it is the most cruel , unfair tax of all because it falls most heavily on those who can least afford to pay it .
It falls on those on fixed incomes , those who are retired .
Anyone who has saved their money is paying this tax in direct proportion to the degree to which they have been frugal .
It 's a tax even though we do n't think of it as that and it 's time to think of it as that .
It 's a tax that goes from us to the government and to the banking cartel .
Let 's summarize .
What is the benefit to the members of the partnership ?
The government benefits because it is able to tax the American people any amount it wishes through a process which the people do not understand called inflation .
They do n't realize they 're being taxed which makes it real handy when you 're going for re-election .
On the banking side they 're able to earn perpetual interest on nothing .
I emphasis the word " perpetual " because remember when the loan is paid back it 's turned around and loaned out to somebody else .
Once that money is created the object of the bank is to stay " loaned up " as they say .
In reality the banks can never stay 100 % loaned up and that ratio varies a lot but the objective is to stay loaned up to whatever extent is possible .
Generally speaking once this money is created in the loan process it is out there in the economy forever , perpetually earning interest for one of the members of the banking cartel which created that money .
There you have in a condensed form a crash course on the Federal Reserve System and I can assure you that you know more about the Federal Reserve than you would probably if you enrolled in a four year course in economics because they do n't teach this reality in school .
So what , they say ?
Can you imagine that ?
I knew when I wrote this book and it got out that there would be some objection to it but I never dreamed what it would be .
I could n't think of any objection to it , I thought what are they going to say , what are the defenders of the Federal Reserve System going to say to me ?
I figured they were going to try and pick some error that I had made in some technical issue and try and make me look like a buffoon .
But I never dreamed that the only opposition , at least that I 've run into so far , is the question " so what " ?
I was on the Pat Buchanan radio show about a month ago and they have a cohost which is usually a representative of the opposing point of view and this day they had a fellow by the name of Barry Lind ( ? ) who was an ACLU type high - powered intellectual and I was kind of nervous thinking here it comes , I 'm going to get it now and I 'm going to be made a fool of right in front of all these millions of people out there in radio land .
I was really worried .
It 's kind of hard on these radio shows to get your point across as they do n't let you speak like you folks let me do here .
The lion 's share of the time goes to Buchanan and then the cohost gets his shot and then the commercials come in and you 've got three minutes to say your whole thing and they 're always interrupting you .
I made my little shot as best I could and it was Barry Lind 's turn and he looked at me and he said : " Well , what you say is true , but so what ? "
I could n't believe it .
And then he capped it with , which is the real argument : " We 're living well are n't we ? "
This is an interesting question and I have run into that repeatedly since then .
What are you complaining about ?
we 're living well are n't we ?
And the implication is that without this scam we could n't be living well , without this scam somehow we'd be still crawling around in caves .
We would n't have society with a high standard of living , we would n't have any of the things that we cherish without this scam , that 's the whole implication .
So how do you answer that ?
So what ?
First of all , we are not living that well .
People like Barry Lind are undoubtedly living very well and there are plenty of people in the system who are living very well .
Generally those are the ones who are up at the nozzle where this new money is coming into the system or they 're involved in the government or they have government subsidies of they 're close to the nozzle .
For most people , away from the nozzle , it 's not going so well , we 're not living that well .
It is a matter of fact that the only reason that America has been able to maintain the appearance of a high standard of living since the Federal Reserve System has gotten into full swing , especially after WWII , is because of the shift towards two family incomes .
It now takes two working people to just maintain the semblance of where we used to be with one person working in the family .
And in spite of the two family income real wages are down for the common man today , real wages in terms of the number of hours a person must work in order to acquire the necessities of life .
Young couples who are living on a single income now have a lower standard of living than their parents did .
The net worth of the average household is falling .
The leisure time for the average American is shrinking .
The percentage of families who own their own homes is dropping .
The age at which a family acquires its first home is rising .
The number of families that are counted in the middle class is falling .
The number of people below the poverty line is rising .
Personal bankruptcies today are about three times what they were in the 1960s and over 90 % of Americans are broke at the age of 65 .
So we 're not living well at all as a result of this creature .
Furthermore , there 's another thing wrong with it .
That is that when you have a money supply based upon thin air it not only expands but it contracts .
If it were based on gold or silver or microphones , the money supply could n't expand and contract because there they are but when it 's politically motivated it can contract and that is the core cause of all of the booms and busts that have plagued America for so many years .
In other words , this is the concept behind the recession and the depression and that is another thing that 's wrong with it .
The third thing that 's wrong with it is that it is dishonest .
You do n't really need anything more than that do you ?
Even if it were the element that was creating our prosperity , even if it did n't cause recessions and depressions the fact that it is fraud , the fact that it is deception , it 's dishonest and theft is really a good enough reason in my opinion to get rid of it .
That 's what 's wrong with this scam .
Let 's go back to Jekyll Island .
They had an interesting problem there which was what to call their creature .
This partnership between government and banks which we 've been discussing was not new with the Federal Reserve System .
In fact , it was a concept that was created in Europe in the 16th century .
It was perfected with the formation of the Bank of England in 1694 and from that point forward all of the governments of Europe had used this Mandrake Mechanism .
They did n't call it the Mandrake Mechanism , of course , they called it a " central bank , " that 's the technical phrase for this partnership .
If you want to look it up in a textbook or encyclopedia you 'll find it under the heading " Central Bank . "
From the Bank of England forward all the governments of Europe had central banks for a very good reason .
The kings and princes of Europe had learned from hard experience that they could raise the taxes of their subjects only so high and then they had a revolt on their hands and they tended to lose their jobs ( and heads ) .
It appears that that natural level was about 40 - 43 % ; people will tolerate taxes up to about 40 - 43 % and then they start digging in their heels and they just wo n't allow it to go any further .
But with the central bank mechanism in place the lid was off .
Now these governments could tax their people 50 % , 60 % , 70 % and in some cases 80 % of everything they produced and they did not have a revolt on their hands .
They did not have resentment because the people did n't know that they were paying a tax .
They knew that prices were going up , but they did n't understand why , they did n't know who was getting their lost purchasing power .
It was a nifty arrangement for these governments .
It was at that point in history that governments ' wars began to heat up .
They always had wars but they were relatively small things because wars are expensive and the people wo n't pay more than 40 % for everything including wars .
But now that they had a way to tax higher than that , they could engage in very expensive wars .
It 's at that point in history that Europe plunged headlong into continuous war and big , very , very expensive wars .
The people paid for them uncomplainingly through the process of inflation .
So when it came time to transplant this concept to America these seven men on Jekyll Island knew very well that they were creating a central bank ; that was the reason that Paul Warburg was so valuable because he was the man with the intense knowledge , the detailed technical knowledge of how central banks operate .
But they had a problem .
How could they conceal that from the American people because Congress was already on record as saying they did not want a central bank in America .
I do n't think they knew what that phrase really meant , but they knew that Europe had them , whatever they were , and we did n't want any .
They said in America if we 're going to have banking reform we do n't want what they do over in Europe , we want something that is unique for America and its principles and economy .
The problem before these men on Jekyll Island is what to call the central bank so that nobody would know it was a central bank .
And they theorized over this and this was their strategy : they said first let 's give it a name and we 'll add the word " Federal " to it to make it sound like it 's government .
Then we 'll add the word " Reserve " to make it seem like there are reserves somewhere , like it was a banking concept .
We 'll add the word " System , " a very important word even though it may seem obscure now because remember in those days the concern was the concentration of financial power in New York so they had to sell the idea of a system of regional banks which would diffuse that power all over the nation .
First they talked about ten regions and then they said that was n't enough , twelve regions , we 'll have twelve banks .
And we 'll build big buildings out there in all of those regions so the local yokels can go and look at the building and say " golly we 've got one of those out here . "
Diffusion of power away from New York ; you can go and touch the building .
The word " System " was very important .
When you look at it you realize that what they created there was not federal , there are no reserves , it 's not a system at all in the sense of diffusion of power and these Federal Reserve banks are n't even banks .
On all four words we 're dealing with appearances of the fourth kind .
It was brilliant strategy .
The next thing was to sell this creature to the public .
The first draft of the Federal Reserve Act as it was presented to Congress was called the Aldrich Bill named after the sponsor , Senator Nelson Aldrich .
This was against the good advice of Paul Warburg .
He said : " Nelson , do n't put your name on that bill because you are so identified with big business interests that Congress will vote it down ; the people will not accept it . "
And apparently Aldrich 's ego was too big .
He must 've said : " Well no , after all I 'm highly respected in the Senate and I am the Chairman of the National Monetary Commission " and for whatever reason he insisted that his name be on the bill .
It appears that he wanted to go down in history as the originator of the Federal Reserve System .
Warburg was right .
When the bill was introduced Congress put thumbs - down on it .
" The Bill of Big Business . "
They took the bill back for it was just a minor setback , they scrambled the paragraphs around a little bit , took Aldrich 's name off real fast and they found a couple of Democrats to sponsor the bill .
This was different .
Everybody knew that the Republicans represented big business but they also knew that Democrats represented the common man , the little guy , the fellow on the assembly line ( like Ted Kennedy ) .
They found a couple of millionaire Democrats to sponsor the bill .
They found Carter Glass in the House and Senator Robert Owen who himself was a banker .
Now it was the Glass - Owen bill and it was totally different and acceptable .
The next thing , Aldrich and Vanderlip began to give speeches and interviews to newspaper reporters condemning the bill .
They said : " This bill will be ruinous to banking .
It will be terrible for the country . "
By the time the common man read that in his newspaper he said : " Oh golly , I guess these big bankers do n't like the bill very much so it must be pretty good . "
These fellows were not stupid .
You have to give them credit .
They did n't get to be where they were by being country bumpkins .
They understood politics , they understood mass psychology and they played their cards exceedingly well .
Meanwhile these same individuals out of their own pockets were paying the price for the costs of bringing up what they called grassroots study clubs all over the country .
They sponsored these clubs and they held public meetings and printed brochures and pamphlets extolling the virtues of the Federal Reserve System .
They gave large amounts of money to some of the better known universities in America ; they created newly formed departments of economics with that money ; they hand picked their own people to be the professors to head up those departments and then those professors with all of their academic credentials gave speeches and wrote scholarly essays extolling the virtues of the Federal Reserve System .
And then at the insistence of Paul Warburg who was forever the master strategist , they added several very sound provisions to the Federal Reserve Bill .
By that I mean they added some provisions which seriously restricted the ability of the Federal Reserve to create money out of nothing .
Warburg 's associates said , " Paul , what are you doing ?
We do n't want those in there this is our bill . "
And his response was this , he said , " Relax fellas , do n't you get it ?
Our object is to get the bill passed .
We can fix it up later . "
Those were his exact words .
" We can fix it up later . "
He was so right .
It was because of those provisions that they won over the support of William Jennings Bryan the head of the Populist Movement , the last hold - out against the bill .
Bryan was concerned that this would be an instrument for ruining the nation 's money supply but when he saw those provisions he said , " Oh well , those are good provisions , I guess I can support the bill now " never dreaming that this was temporary .
Everything is temporary in politics .
When people go to sleep things can get changed .
Warburg was right and they fixed it up later .
The Federal Reserve
Act since it was passed has been amended over 100 times .
Every one of those provisions were long ago removed and many more have been added which greatly expand the power and reach of the Federal Reserve System to create money out of nothing .
With this kind of professional strategy and deception these people were real professionals and the public did n't stand a chance .
It is no surprise that popular support was finally gained for the bill and on December 22 , 1913 the bill was passed by Congress and the following day was signed into law by President Wilson and the creature from Jekyll Island finally moved into Washington , DC .
Let 's stand back from the creature a few paces and take a look at its general form and shape and see what it is we got .
We got a corporation chartered by Congress which was given an exclusive franchise to create our nation 's money supply .
We got a mechanism whereby Congress has been able to raise unlimited taxes from the American people without them even knowing that they 're paying a tax and we got a mechanism whereby the banks can earn perpetual interest on nothing .
That is the shape and form of the creature from Jekyll Island .
Here 's an interesting question , Who owns the Federal Reserve System ?
You hear a lot of discussion on this particularly on talk radio nowadays .
When the subject of money comes up somebody calls in and says , " Did you know the Federal Reserve is completely owned by the private banks ?
It 's a private corporation .
What we need to do , " they say " is abolish the Fed and turn it over to the government so they can operate it for the benefit of the people . "
Some of you are laughing and I 'm sure there are some people here thinking what 's wrong with that so let 's analyze it .
First of all it is a half - truth and it is a non-solution .
Let 's deal with the half - truth first .
It is true that the Federal Reserve System is not an agency of the federal government in any shape or form .
As I mentioned before , it is a corporation that is chartered by Congress and like all corporations it has stock certificates and those stock certificates in this case are held by the banks within the Federal Reserve System .
Every bank that 's in the system is an owner of the Federal Reserve - - remember this is a cartel .
They own it in one sense of the word , in the sense that they have stock certificates but up to that point it looks as though it has all the attributes of a privately held corporation .
But that 's as far as it goes because those stock certificates do not carry with them any of the attributes of private ownership .
For example , the holders of these certificates cannot sell them .
If you can't sell something then you do n't really own it , that 's one of the tests of ownership , your ability to dispose of it .
You can not sell it .
Furthermore the larger banks put up more money than the smaller banks , it 's a ratio to their assets , so the larger banks have more stock certificates in the system than the small ones and yet regardless of the number that they hold , every bank has just one vote .
There 's another violation of the principle of private ownership .
Furthermore that vote does n't buy them anything .
They can't vote for anything of substance ; they cannot vote for their national management which is the most important thing , is n't it ?
The board of directors and chairman of the Federal Reserve System are appointed by the President , they 're not elected by the banks that are part of the system , the President does that .
All that the local banks can vote for with their vote are the boards of directors of the regional banks , so - called , which are subdivisions within the system .
They can't even vote for the leadership in their local subdivisions because the chairman and the vice - chairman of those 12 regional banks are appointed by the national board .
They can vote for their officers at those regional banks , the president , the vice - president and treasurer but guess what ?
Those are subject to veto by the national board .
Get the picture ?
All power has always been at the top of this system .
The only thing that the charter allows them to vote for , those boards of directors , of substance is to set the interest rates within their regions .
But this should come as no surprise to anybody that even that is subject to veto by the national board .
You see this concept of diffusion of power throughout the regions of the US is a scam .
There is no power at the local level .
There is nothing that these boards of directors who are voted in by the banks who hold the certificates can do of substance .
All they 're allowed to do really is play golf .
It is not a privately held corporation in the traditional sense of the word .
This idea of diffusion of power over the 12 regional banks was just a necessity of 1913 to sell the concept to the American people .
If it had n't been for this aversion against the concentration of power in New York they would never have had these 12 regions ; it 's just a leftover from the necessity to sell it and does n't serve any function whatsoever .
So it 's not a corporation in the traditional sense of the word , it 's not a government agency in the traditional sense of the word so what is it ?
It 's a hybrid , part corporation and part government , part private , part government .
In fact , it is exactly what you would expect it to be considering the fact that it is a partnership between the private banking cartel and the government .
It 's a unique structure which was designed to perform a unique function .
Is it a solution to abolish the Fed and turn it over to the Congress to run on behalf of the people ?
At least we get the dirty bankers out of the loop , right ?
And that makes everybody feel good ... well , we 're not paying interest to the banks anymore but what happens ?
Now the government is running the whole thing by itself .
Now that solves a lot of problems does n't it ?
Now they 're creating money out of nothing all by themselves .
Well , they 've always been able to do that .
The government does n't want to do that , that 's the reason they got into this partnership in the beginning because when the government creates money directly it 's too obvious .
That 's why the kings and princes of Europe could n't do it .
They printed money , that 's how they did it generally , but when the government prints money you can see all this money around that says the government on there and you know exactly what 's going on .
They like to work through the banking system because when it appears in your checking account it does n't say government on it and you do n't know how it got there .
The government really does n't want to do it that way but even if they did it would n't make much difference because it's not important who owns the Federal Reserve System .
The important thing is what it does and as long as it a central bank , which means as long as it has the power and the mandate to create money out of nothing it will create money out of nothing .
That 's what it will do and it will continue to do exactly the same thing and be run no doubt by the same people as it is now and we would not have solved anything .
We must keep in mind that in Europe all of the central banks there are in fact direct agencies of their respective governments ; they are not hybrid organizations at all like ours .
And yet in those countries they do exactly the same as the Federal Reserve System has been doing here .
Just turning it over to the government is a non-solution .
Let 's talk briefly about what the objectives of the Federal Reserve System are .
We 've been told over and over again that the purpose of the Fed is to stabilize the economy .
Right now with the interest rates going up , up , up what are we told ?
why are they doing that ?
Well , that 's to stabilize the economy so we wo n't have massive inflation right ?
It 's being done for us folks !
Do n't you feel just warm all over knowing that they 're looking out for you ?
That 's always the answer ; the purpose of the Fed is to look out for us and stabilize the economy , put an end to banking anarchy and all that sort of thing .
Right now the textbook that is most commonly used in our school systems in economics is a book written by Paul Samuelson and in that book here 's what he says regarding the purpose of the Fed : " The Federal Reserve sprang from the panic of 1907 with its alarming epidemic of bank failures .
The country was fed - up once and for all with the anarchy of unstable private banking . "
That 's what the students are learning .
Let 's let that go for the moment and say ok if that is the purpose of the Fed , let 's give it a report card and see how well it has done in stabilizing the economy .
Since it was created in 1913 the Federal Reserve System has presided over the crashes of 1921 and 1929 , the Great Depression of 1929 - 1939 , recessions in the years 1953 , 1957 , 1969 , 1975 and 1981 , and a stock market Black Monday in 1987 .
We all know that corporate debt is soaring , personal debt is greater than ever before , both business and personal bankruptcies are at an all - time high , banks and savings and loan associations have failed in greater numbers than ever before in our history , interest on the national debt now consumes half of all of our tax dollars , heavy industry has all but been replaced by overseas competition , we 're facing an international trade deficit for the first time in our history , 75 % of downtown Los Angeles and other metropolitan areas are now owned by foreigners and over half of the nation now officially is in a state of recession .
That is the report card for the Federal Reserve System after 80 years of stabilizing our economy .
I do n't even think it 's controversial to say that it has failed to meet its stated objectives .
The only controversial part is why has it failed ?
My answer is because those have never been its real objectives at all .
What are its objectives ?
What are the objectives of any cartel ?
To make money for the members of the cartel , to improve the profit margins of the members of the cartel and to stabilize themselves in the marketplace .
That is the true objective of the Federal Reserve System .
Now if we hold that up as our guiding principle and give the Federal Reserve a report card it gets a different grade .
In particular I 'd like to have you look with me at three particular objectives which were very well discussed in that period in which the Federal Reserve System was created .
We always have to go back to that because we can learn so much from that period of history .
There were three things that the bankers , particularly the ones on Jekyll Island , wanted the Federal Reserve Act to accomplish .
What are they ?
The first one was to stop the erosion of their power away from New York .
Just the opposite of what the Federal Reserve Act was sold to us as to accomplish , to keep the power of New York .
They were concerned that as the nation was expanding westward and southward new banks were springing up all along the frontier and every year a little bit more of the nation 's capital would drift away from New York .
They still had the lion 's share , of course , but they could see the chart and they knew that they had to put a stop to that now while they still had the power to do so .
Competition is a sin said John D. Rockefeller I and that includes competition from these upstart banks .
It 's a good point to mention that when I 'm talking about the banking cartel I 'm talking primarily about the big New York banks and not the local bank down the street that 's struggling under the system .
One of the purposes of the Federal Reserve System was to keep the lid on those new competitive banks so they could never grow and become large like the ones on Wall Street .
The small banks have always been the target in this system and needed to be kept in line , to be regulated out of existence , a process which you 've noticed has been going on for many , many years .
There is objective number one , to keep control over the money markets in New York .
Objective number two was to reverse the trend of what is called private capital formation .
That 's banker language for a process in which an individual or a corporation uses their own savings to pay for something instead of going to the bank and borrowing it , if you can imagine that happening .
It was happening at the turn of the century .
The trend was that businesses in particular were withholding some of their dividends each quarter and putting that money into a sinking fund and then as the money accumulated or as the capital formed , then they finally had enough that they could use their own money to build that new factory or to launch a research & development project or whatever instead of going to the banks and borrowing for it .
The banks were very concerned over this trend because this is their life - blood .
Loaning money is what they do so how do you loan money when people do n't want to borrow it ?
The answer they knew , and they talked a lot about this , was to lower interest rates , get those rates down so that they were so attractive that people would be crazy not to come to the banks and borrow money at those good interest rates .
How do you lower interest rates ?
Today it 's easy when you 've got the lever at the Federal Reserve you just throw it up or down and interest rates go up or down ; you have total control over it .
In 1913 there was no lever .
The money in those days was backed by gold and silver and they could n't control it .
They hated that .
These guys hate gold and silver behind money because under those conditions interest rates are the result of the natural forces of supply and demand ; they could n't just create money out of nothing .
It was the result of the interaction of millions of people bidding for products and services and digging money out of the ground , literally gold and silver and converting into money .
They were looking for a way to artificially push the interest rates down .
How do you do that ?
They said the only way you can do that is with a flexible currency .
That was the cry that they put up in those days .
What the nation needs , they said , is a flexible currency to meet the demands of industry and agriculture .
You still hear that phrase today - -" flexible currency . "
What does that mean ?
You need a dictionary sometimes to look these phrases up .
Flexible currency does not mean the paper stuff in our pockets that bends , it means money created out of nothing .
The trick here is not hard to figure out .
If you can create money out of nothing , you do n't have to charge an awful lot of interest on it to show a profit .
It 's that simple .
If you have a flexible currency you can in fact lower interest rates and still do pretty well , ca n't you ?
They wanted a flexible currency so they could lower interest rates and entice people back into the banks to borrow money and to reverse the trend toward private capital formation .
Objective number two .
The third objective was to pass on the inevitable losses within the banking system on to the taxpayer in the name of protecting the people .
Those were three of the major objectives at the time the Federal Reserve System was created .
I say those are the true objectives of the Fed .
On that basis , let 's give it a report card .
Did it keep control in New York in the hands of the larger banks ?
The answer is a resounding yes .
Anyone who knows about the financial markets knows that this is definitely what 's happened .
Yes we have big banks in the west and in the south but they 're nothing compared to those banks in New York which are astride the world with offices in Peking and Moscow and Africa and everywhere ; these are the giants and they have remained that way from the very beginning because of the Federal Reserve System .
A few years ago there was a book that was published by Simon & Schuster and it was called " Secrets of the Temple " written by William Grider ( ? ) .
It was a best - seller and it was advertised as a scathing attack against the Federal Reserve System .
When I heard that I could n't believe my ears .
A scathing attack against the Federal Reserve System published by Simon & Schuster ?
one of the big publishing houses ?
I thought , I do n't have to finish my own book , they 've done it .
So I ran down and got a copy of the book and devoured it and read it in one day and I was totally amazed on two points .
First of all , much to my surprise , I did not expect this , Grider 's history was , I thought , excellent .
I thought it would be a whitewash but his history was right - on .
He had all the gory details and I could n't believe it but I knew these things were true because I was right then in the middle of researching them .
On the subject of the concentration of power in New York , I 'd like to read to you an excerpt from Grider 's book .
He said : " At the time [ he 's talking about 1913 ] the conventional wisdom in Congress was that the government institution would finally harness the money trust , disarm its powers and establish broad democratic control over money and credit .
The results were nearly the opposite .
The money reforms enacted in 1913 in fact helped to preserve the status quo , to stabilize the old order .
Money center bankers would not only gain dominance over the new central bank but would also enjoy new insulation against instability and their own decline .
Once the Fed was in operation the steady diffusion of financial power halted .
Wall Street maintained its dominant position and even enhanced it . "
The other thing that amazed me was Grider 's conclusion .
He proved that the Federal Reserve had always acted against the public interest .
He proved that it was designed to do that from the very beginning so what do you suppose his conclusion was regarding a solution ?
that we abolish the Fed ?
No , nothing that extreme .
How about a major overhaul ?
No , not necessary .
What then ?
Grider said , you see it's all so complicated , we 're learning as we go , we 've made a lot of mistakes but do n't worry folks we 're on it now , relax , it 's under control , all we need now is wiser men .
That is the kind of powderpuff criticism it takes to be published by Simon & Schuster or any of the other major publishing houses which are firmly interlocked in the investment web on Wall Street .
It does n't make any difference how accurate your history is ; it does n't make any difference how much you point with alarm or how righteous you may sound if you have no realistic solution to the problem then who cares ?
They like that because it gives the people the impression that something 's being done , somebody is really calling attention to the problem .
But they have no solution or they 're carefully selected so that the ones with the real solutions do not get the media , do not get the major publishing houses .
This is a tactic which we have to better understand especially in these critical days ahead .
A tactic of controlled opposition .
It makes no difference how accurate you are when you 're pointing to the problems in America .
If you do n't have a solution what difference does it make ?
If your solution is put wiser men in there or if your solution is vote Republican and do n't ask questions about what kind of Republican then you are controlled opposition and this is something we have to be very , very alert to in these critical days ahead .
Back to the topic .
The Federal Reserve System gets an A on its report card for maintaining control over the financial markets in New York .
What about reversing the trend toward private capital formation .
Boy , did they ever .
Periodically they get those interest rates down so low and everybody is lured into the banks .
Borrow like crazy and then the economy crunches down and they 're all stuck with this overhead and they can't make their interest payments .
We 've seen businesses go out of existence because they cannot service their debt .
You 've seen people lose their homes and their cars because they cannot service their debt .
There are many giant corporations today that are just hanging in there by the skin of their teeth because of their debt overhead .
The fact is that many of these companies now send more money to the banks every quarter in the form of interest payments on their loans than they send to their stockholders as dividends on their stock .
Think about that for a minute .
The banks which had no part in the operation of the company whatsoever , the banks which made this money out of nothing are making more money from these industries than the people who work for the money , save the money , invested the money and risked the money to own those corporations .
This is because they quite successfully reversed the trend toward private capital formation and they did it with a flexible currency .
The Federal Reserve System gets an A + on its report card for objective number two .
Finally , did they pass along their inevitable loses to the taxpayer in the name of protecting the people ?
This is what I call " Operation Bail - Out . "
Every time one of the big banks gets into trouble , not the small banks remember , they 're the competition , the big banks get into trouble and they are bailed out at taxpayers ' expense .
Always in the name of protecting the people .
If a large corporation is in trouble because it can't make its interest payments to the bank anymore , they go to Congress and say " we ca n't let this corporation fold ; look at the thousands of jobs that would be lost ; look how the people would suffer . "
When a third world country can no longer make its interest payments to a large bank in New York , what happens ?
The bank goes to Congress and says " you know , you 'd better do something about this because if we have to write that loan off of our books we may be bankrupt , we could fold .
And look at all of the depositors , good Americans , who have their accounts with us who would lose their deposit .
Maybe the FDIC wo n't be able to cover ; we could have a crisis on our hands .
If our bank falls maybe the other banks will fall too and we 'll have a national recession .
Look how the people will suffer . "
So Congress dutifully steps forward , remember it 's a partner in this , and votes the funds to guarantee the loans or in some way to pass the payments on directly or indirectly in some very ingenious methods to the taxpayer .
That money is raised primarily through the Federal Reserve System and we pay it through the Mandrake Mechanism .
So the Federal Reserve System has done pretty well on that .
In case you have missed a few of the more memorable games , I 'd like to review them for you .
Penn Central Railroad was bailed out in 1970 .
That was a good year because Lockheed Corporation was bailed out the same year .
Commonwealth Bank of Detroit was bailed in 1972 ; New York City in 1975 ; Chrysler in 1978 ; First Pennsylvania Bank in 1980 ; Continental Illinois , the largest of the banks so far , in 1982 .
And look at all of these third world countries which cannot pay their interest payments .
They are paying their interest payments and you 're doing it for them because the Federal Reserve System creates the money that we send to the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank and then they give it to those countries so that they can pay the interest to the banks .
Maybe you 've missed that little trail but that 's how it works .
The Federal Reserve System gets an A +++ on all of these points and it has surely been a huge success in terms of the people who created it .
Actions have consequences and one of the consequences of this scam is what we call a " national debt . "
Its rapidly approaching 5 trillion dollars that we know about , it 's much higher than that if you include the unfunded debt and all of the things that are off - budget and all of the funny stuff that they do with the accounting in Washington .
With all honest accounting you 'd find it was much , much higher than that .
But even at 5 trillion dollars it 's a staggering figure .
I 'm told if we had a stack of $ 100 bills about 40 inches high we'd be a millionaire .
A stack of $ 100 bills equaling 5 trillion dollars would rise into space 3,350 miles .
That 's a lot of money and it all came from us and it 's earning perpetual interest .
Another way of measuring that is that we 've had a known inflation of 1,000 % since the Federal Reserve System was created .
Another way of phrasing that is that a dollar in 1913 today buys about nine cents worth of goods .
That 's how much money has been taken from us , taxed from us , through this hidden process .
I say 1,000 % inflation that is known because it 's much more than that .
Have you ever wondered , as I used to , why do n't we have more inflation than we have had ?
I knew they were creating this money like crazy , why only this inflation ?
And then I found out .
Have you ever heard the expression that we 're " exporting our inflation . "
Every once in a while you find that phrase in the financial section of the newspaper .
It used to drive me crazy -- how can you export inflation ?
It 's one of those phrases that people use and I 'm not sure most of the people who use the phrases know what they mean .
Like the other day I read that the Federal Reserve System bought dollars today to bolster up the dollar .
How can you buy dollars ?
What do you buy it with ?
They buy it with other currencies , the Federal Reserve holds a lot of different currencies , yens and deutsch marks and that kind of thing so they just swap currencies around .
This expression of exporting inflation -- what does that mean ?
It means 70 % of the American currency that has been created by our Federal Reserve System is no longer in America , it 's overseas .
Other nations use American dollars as their unofficial money supply .
Especially those countries which have no realistic money of their own .
These countries that undergo inflation rates of 5,000 and 10,000 % a year , you can't work with money like that .
Women have to take wheelbarrows full of paper money to the grocery store to buy a bottle of milk .
You can't carry on any serious economic transaction with money like that and they do n't , they use American dollars .
All the banks in those systems have dual types of money .
American dollars are the mainstay of economic transactions in most of those countries .
That 's where a lot of our money went .
We have been spared the inflationary impact of all that money because had it stayed here , it would 've bid against the existing money here and would have diluted our pot even more and we would 've known what the inflation should 've been .
What happens when the day comes when for whatever reason these countries can no longer , or no longer wish to , use American dollars ?
What are they going to do with those dollars ?
They 'll send them back .
They 'll buy something with them while they can .
It 'll be a big rush .
It 'll be our refrigerators , our automobiles , our real estate , our high - rise buildings , our corporate stock , our politicians , whatever 's for sale .
All of this money will come in and then we 'll find out in a very short period of time what the true inflation rate really should have been all of these years .
Incidentally , if you 've followed in the newspapers the talk about the new money that they 're going to release , they 're talking about two - tiered money , one for overseas and one for here .
It will probably be a different color .
Frankly I think they 're recognizing this fact that the money would return and they 're going to make it illegal for all of this overseas money to come back by making it a different color so that they wo n't be able to bring it here or if you do bring it here you wo n't be able to spend it here , it wo n't be legal here .
Those are some of the consequences of the actions of the Federal Reserve Scam .
I have one last topic that I want to talk to you about and then I 'll get to the conclusion .
This is an extremely important topic and it has to do with usury .
In ancient times usury was defined as interest on a loan , any interest on any loan .
In modern times that has been redefined to mean excessive interest on a loan .
Moderate interest seems logical to us in recognition of the fact that if we work hard for our money , we save it and surrender its use for a period of time being a sacrifice on our part and then loan it to somebody else for their venture , we 're entitled to a reasonable return on that sacrifice .
A reasonable interest rate is a concept that very few people have problems with , it seems logical and fair .
But what is this thing called excessive interest ?
Thomas Edison said , " People who will not turn a shovel - full of dirt on the project nor contribute a pound of materials will collect more money than will the people who will supply all the materials and do all the work . "
I wondered when I read that if Tom was exaggerating so I got my calculator out .
I assumed that there was going to be a $ 100,000 house built .
I assumed that $ 30,000 would have to go for land , architect 's fees and permits and that kind of thing .
$ 70,000 would go for the actual construction of the house , building materials and labor .
I assumed that the buyer would go to the bank and put 20 % down and then borrow the balance at 10 % over 30 years .
I punched in the numbers and discovered that the borrower will pay to the bank in interest $ 172,741 compared to $ 70,000 paid for the construction of the house .
In other words , about 2 1 / 2 times as much money will be paid to the bank in interest than will be paid to those who provide all the labor and all the materials .
And you may say to yourself , yes but that 's fair , after all a 30 year loan is a long loan and people work for their money and sacrifice its use and loan it and so forth and deserve to be compensated .
No .
Not this money .
Nobody worked for this money , nobody saved this money .
There was no sacrifice of any kind for this money .
This money was created out of nothing and I suggest that $ 172,741 interest on nothing is excessive !
I think it 's time for a new definition of usury as follows : any interest on any loan of fiat money ( meaning money made out of nothing ) .
This example of a $ 100,000 home , as shocking as it is , producing $ 172,741 unearned interest , this is just a grain of sand in the Sahara .
You have to multiply that by all the homes in America , by all of these hotels in America , all the high - rise buildings , all the factories , all the airplanes , automobiles , farm equipment , schools , everything , all the physical assets of America .
You apply this same ratio and can you see it in your mind ?
We 're talking about a river of unearned wealth that is so wide you can't even think of crossing it , flowing perpetually into the banking cartel .
A dead short across the productive element of society .
Money being taken from people who are working hard providing the material and the labor .
They do n't even know that this is being taken from them and it's in this huge river of wealth flowing into the banking cartel .
It 's a staggering thought .
You are led to the question of where is this river flowing ?
Where 's it going ?
Get a picture of this that it's all going into a lake somewhere and maybe there 's a dam and the wealth is building up and somewhere they 're getting it all .
Getting it no , they 're spending it .
They 're not accumulating it at all .
What are they spending it for ?
The answer may surprise you .
They 're not buying more yachts and mansions with this money , they 've already got all of those they possibly want .
In fact they got rid of the mansions on Jekyll Island a long time ago because they were bored with that .
That 's not it .
When a person has all the wealth that you could possibly want for the material pleasures of life , what is left ?
Power .
They are using this river of wealth to acquire power over you and me and our children .
They are spending it to acquire control over the power centers of society .
The power centers are those groups and institutions through which individuals live and act and rely on for their information .
They are literally buying up the world but not the real estate and the hardware , they 're buying control over the organizations , the groups and institutions that control people .
In other words , to be specific , they are buying control over politicians , political parties , television networks , cable networks , newspapers , magazines , publishing houses , wire services , motion picture studios , universities , labor unions , church organizations , trade associations , tax - exempt foundations , multi-national corporations , boy scouts , girl scouts , you name it .
Make your own list of organizations and you will find that this is where those people have been for many decades spending this river of wealth to acquire operational control particularly over those institutions and individuals , those organizations that represent opposition to themselves .
That 's a critical area for expenditure on their part .
This process has gone on not only to a marked degree in America and in the other industrialized nations of the world , but it has gone on in the so - called third world or underdeveloped nations to such a degree that I would say the process is now complete .
They own these countries already .
Have you ever wondered what 's going on there at the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank ?
Kind of an obscure operation is n't it ?
you do n't read much about it except once in a while on the back page of the newspaper you find out that Congress at the insistence of the President authorized another $ 100 billion for the International Monetary Fund .
And then the article tells you that this money will be used to make loans to underdeveloped nations or grants to them to raise their standard of living .
Do you believe that ?
That 's one of those appearances of the fourth kind if you ever saw one .
If the money is to be used to raise the standard of living of these countries they 're not doing a very good job of it because after all of these decades , after all of these hundreds of billions of dollars , you cannot point to one country that has had its standard of living raised one iota by that .
In fact in most cases it 's the other way around and that 's not an accident because the money has not been used to raise the standard of living .
The money does not go to the people in those countries .
It goes to the politicians of those countries , to their governments and the money is designed and spent to strengthen their power structures , their ability to control their populations .
They usually start off as inefficient dictatorships but by the time they get all this money from the IMF , they are now efficient dictatorships .
They have a well - equipped army , a better bureaucracy , total control of their subjects .
That 's where the money 's being spent .
These countries have been purchased because the politicians in those countries are now totally addicted to this money .
We talk about welfare families in America that are third and fourth generation welfare , they 're on the dole forever , they cannot dream of anything else .
The politicians in these countries are the same way and it's now second , third and in some cases fourth generation international welfare from the United Nations funding .
They have no ideology -- communism , socialism , capitalism , fascism , what difference does it make ?
where 's the money ?
As long as they live well , they have their mansions , their yachts , their limousines , they go to New York to the UN and have their suites at the Waldorf - Asoria and that 's all they care about .
These countries have been purchased through this means and are now owned by this group at the UN and they 're firmly in place in the new world order where they 're just waiting for you and me to show up .
That 's the other side of this coin .
Not only does this transfer of wealth from America to these countries not raise their standard of living but it does lower ours .
That too , believe it or not , is part of the plan .
Just waste , get rid of money , get rid of productive power to reduce our standard of living .
A strong nation is not a candidate to surrender its sovereignty but a weak nation is .
If America can be brought to her knees where she is struggling for survival , if people are hungry , if we have riots in our streets , then Americans could possibly be grateful for any assistance we could get from the UN .
Those wonderful blue - helmeted peace - keeping forces could bring order back to our streets or international money , a new world money with purchasing power again might be welcomed by the unthinking , unknowing American public .
That is what we 're dealing with .
What I 'm trying to say is that the name of the game out there is not wealth , it is power .
" Now it 's clear Karl Rove was involved .
So statements from the White House press office and from others involved have proved to be false , false , false time after time after time . "
After ABC
News broke the story that new e-mails have surfaced that place Karl Rove at the center of the purge scandal , Senator Schumer addressed the media to discuss where the road goes from here .
Senate Judiciary Republicans stalled a vote today on whether or not to issue subpoenas to White House officials ( i.e. Karl Rove ) while WH Counsel Fred Fielding tries to strike a deal that would keep Rove out of the hot seat .
If the White House claims privilege and Rove defies subpoena , we could face a serious Constitutional showdown .
Jack Cafferty became giddy today at the prospect of an under oath showdown between Senator Leahy and Karl Rove .
My money 's on Leahy .
Download Download
It seems that the US patent system is regularly abused , so it's no surprise that Microsoft think they can patent the some of the technology related to feed readers , the handy little applications that some of you are probably using to read this post .
Microsoft has filed for two patents covering the technology used to organize and read syndicated Web feeds - these patents were made public today after an 18 - month period during which applications are kept secret .
That means Microsoft filed the patents way back on June 21 , 2005 .
A few days later , they announced a plan to include RSS support in Windows Vista and Internet Explorer .
The two patents ( here and here ) cover the ability to " subscribe to a particular Web feed , be provided with a user interface that contains distinct indicia to identify new feeds , and ... efficiently consume or read RSS feeds using both an RSS reader and a Web browser . "
That basically describes a browser - based feedreader .
That would all be great , if it was n't for the fact that Microsoft did n't invent this stuff .
The history of RSS goes way back , and Wikipedia has a good summary .
Dave Winer , who receives a mention in the Wikipedia entry and frequently claims to be the inventor of RSS , is angry about the move - it 's likely that the entire tech community will have a similar reaction when they hear about the patent , which is clearly a case of Microsoft claiming something that is n't theirs .
To some extent , we can blame Microsoft , but the broken patent system is also at fault : Amazon famously received a patent for " one click shopping " - buying something in one click .
Microsoft may be trying to prevent someone else from filing this utterly obvious patent and attempting to sue them , for instance .
[ via ]
HIS ideas and opinions aside , nobody has done more than Lawrence Lessig to help people understand the profound effects of technology on the laws governing intellectual property .
He is , as Wired magazine called him in 2002 , “ the Elvis of cyberlaw ” ( wired.com ) .
But now , Mr. Lessig , a professor at Stanford Law School , is leaving the building , or at least the room .
“ I have decided to shift my academic work , and soon , my activism , away from the issues that have consumed me for the last 10 years , ” he announced this week on his blog ( lessig.org / blog ) and last week in a speech at the iCommons Summit in Croatia ( available via youtube.com ) .
His new mission , for at least the next decade , he says , is to combat the influence of money on politics , which yields bad laws — and not just the bad laws governing intellectual property .
“ Politicians are starved for the resources concentrated interests can provide , ” he wrote .
“ In the United States , listening to money is the only way to secure re-election .
And so an economy of influence bends public policy away from sense , always to dollars . ”
It 's Not China 's Poor Copyright Laws That Fuel Piracy There
from the untapped - demand dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
In one of its roles as proxy for Hollywood movie studios and record labels , the US government continually complains to China that it's not doing enough to stop piracy , and threatens it with the big stick of sanctions or other actions through the World Trade Organization .
While these threats are usually just hot air , the US has now formally complained to the WTO , saying that Chinese laws do n't live up to WTO commitments in the area of copyright protection and enforcement .
But there 's a second element to the complaint , which takes issue with China 's heavy restrictions on the distribution of foreign content , including DVDs , CDs , books and other products .
Where things get a little bit more interesting is that the original article in the Wall Street Journal , and indeed , movie studios and record labels themselves , gloss over the second part of the complaint -- when it illustrates beautifully how backwards big content thinks .
A graph in the article says that China and France are the two nations where the movie industry suffers its biggest losses due to piracy .
While the dollar amounts cited are pretty certainly bogus , is it any coincidence that the movie industry sees those two countries as the biggest for piracy when they both feature some of the tightest restrictions on the distribution of foreign content ?
France is pretty famous for its efforts to keep American content out of its media market , while the Chinese government allows just 20 foreign films to be shown in the country 's cinemas each year .
It would be reasonable to deduce that it's a lack of legitimately available , attractive products that 's driving the demand for pirated goods in these countries , rather than weak enforcement of copyrights .
This mimics what goes on in other markets : the content industry fails to provide consumers with attractive products to purchase -- though it 's generally because of poor strategy rather than government interference -- so they turn to pirated goods instead .
The market for legitimate movie downloads probably provides the best illustration of this scenario .
The products offered by legitimate , studio - backed sites are so heavily restricted and overpriced that nobody wants to buy them .
The idea that content providers like movie studios do n't understand this is reflected in the fact that they are n't pushing the government to attack China 's 20 - film limit , they just want to make its copyright laws more strict .
It 's just another indication of how the industry wo n't compete with free , while it protests that it simply can't .
The failure in the market is n't a failure of the government to sufficiently protect copyright holders ; it 's a failure of those copyright holders to provide products and services that are attractive to consumers .
The WSJ updated the article , and changed the graph to show another set of questionable MPAA data .
The original graph can be seen here
It ’s 1944 in New Jersey .
Louisa Strittmater died , with some money , or you would n’t be reading this .
In her Will , she left her entire estate to ……. the National Women ’s Party .
Mercy !
This did not sit well with her cousins ( whom she saw very little during the last few years of her life ) , but who nevertheless said she was crazy , and asked the court to set the Will aside and give them the money .
They lost Round 1 , then appealed the decision .
Per the appellate court :
The deceased never married .
Born in 1896 , she lived with her parents until their death about 1928 , and seems to have had a normal childhood .
She was devoted to both her parents and they to her .
Her admiration and love of her parents persisted after their death to 1934 , at least .
Yet four years later she wrote : ‘ My father was a corrupt , vicious , and unintelligent savage , a typical specimen of the majority of his sex .
Blast his wormstinking carcass and his whole damn breed . ’
And in 1943 , she inscribed on a photograph of her mother ‘ That Moronic she - devil that was my mother . ’
Wormstinking carcass ?
Nice touch .
So I ’m thinking that maybe her parents were just jackasses ?
The court went on to say :
The master who heard the case in the court below , found that the proofs demonstrated ‘ incontrovertably her morbid aversion to men ’ and ‘ feminism to a neurotic extreme . ’
This characterization seems to me not strong enough .
She regarded men as a class with an insane hatred .
She looked forward to the day when women would bear children without the aid of men , and all males would be put to death at birth .
Decedent ’s inward life , disclosed by what she wrote , found an occasional outlet such as the incident of the smashing of the clock , the killing of the pet kitten , vile language , &c .
On the other hand — and I suppose this is the split personality — Miss Strittmater , in her dealings with her lawyer , Mr. Semel , over a period of several years , and with her bank , to cite only two examples , was entirely reasonable and normal .
Dead male babies and kittens vs. reasonable and normal with her lawyer and others .
What do you think the appellate court decided , sane feminist or crazy lady ?
Crazy lady .
Here ’s the court ’s reasoning :
The question is whether Miss Strittmater ’s will is the product of her insanity .
Her disease seems to have become well developed by 1936 .
In August of that year she wrote , ‘ It remains for feministic organizations like the National Women ’s Party , to make exposure of women ’s “ protectors ” and “ lovers ” for what their vicious and contemptible selves are . ’
She had been a member of the Women ’s Party for eleven years at that time , but the evidence does not show that she had taken great interest in it .
I think it was her paranoic condition , especially her insane delusions about the male , that led her to leave her estate to the National Women ’s Party .
The result is that the probate should be set aside .
The case is In re Strittmater , 53 A.2d 205 ( NJ Ct. of Errors and Appeals 1947 ) .
The conclusions from twenty - five years of lethal force investigation .
Most lethal confrontations occur in bad light , Criminals like the dark .
This complicates and confuses the situation .
Like many serious students of personal defense , I constantly update my knowledge of what actually happens when one is faced with a deadly threat .
The best way to do this , at least to my way of thinking , is to talk with the folks who have been there .
This means talking to gunfight survivors , getting their perspective on what transpired at the moment of truth .
It only makes sense that by talking to those who have won in life 's ultimate contest , to see what they saw , felt and heard , the rest of us will be better able to understand what to expect and how to prepare for it .
There are some who question such an approach , saying that the mind often does not " record " events clearly , which I admit does have some merit .
I can remember working as a violent crime detective and taking witness statements from not only the victim of a particular crime , but also from people who witnessed the event .
The discrepancies between what the various people saw and heard can sometimes be quite dramatic .
These discrepancies are due to the shock effect that such an incident has on the witness ' psyche .
Most people who witness a violent event ( such as a crime in progress ) are not accustomed to violent acts .
Crime witnesses have told me that they always thought a violent attack would look like the antiseptic event as portrayed by television .
When a bystander witnesses blood , victim screams , pandemonium and the shear violence of the real thing , they are taken back and oftentimes tell themselves , " This ca n't be happening ; this can't be real . "
This denial state will certainly interfere with their re-telling of events .
Unfortunately , this same attitude and level of perception is also the norm with crime victims , oftentimes resulting in a deadly lag time .
Criminals and terrorists know this and believe me , they use it .
Additionally , criminal attacks tend to happen in times of reduced light ( predators like the dark ) , and the human eye does not function as well when the light is low , further clouding the witness perception of the event .
I have interviewed people who were just a few yards from a crime and cannot remember what type of weapon was used in the attack .
Interestingly , this is usually due not to low light , but to inconsistent light .
While what the perpetrator was doing was clear , his face , hands or other actions are often cast in shadows by the inconsistent light at the scene .
Think about the environment that you live in .
How often is there a totally dark environment ?
Is n't there usually a street or house light that lights up an area with darkness all around ?
Look down an alley sometime .
It is likely that you will see a lighted area but with dark spots , like the shadowed area behind a nearby dumpster .
This inconsistent light environment is very real and is a factor in armed confrontations .
Police officers have told me of incidents where they left their flashlight behind because they were working the day shift and they did n't need a light because the sun was out .
Then they get into a situation where they need to look into a dark closet , alcove or basement and they just can't see well enough .
Being able to see well is critical .
Perception is a funny thing , but it is really all that we have when trying to investigate such events .
The human mind is not infallible ... actually it is easily tricked .
There are any number of magicians and illusionist who are making a good living making people think they saw something they did not .
Unless a video camera is running at the time of the event ( which is happening more and more ) , then the testimony of the participants is still the best indicator of what transpired .
This is still the standard for our court system and I feel that it will remain a big part of defense research for years to come .
Even the video camera does not always tell a complete story .
Quite often , what the viewer sees is not necessarily what actually transpired .
For example , a student of mine was involved in one of the most publicized shoot - outs in recent history .
In this case , this young deputy assisted a state trooper on a traffic stop that turned out to involve two domestic terrorists who were also murder suspects in another state .
The fight took place at very close range and fortunately , the deputy was not hit .
Unfortunately , neither was the suspect who then became the subject of a nationwide manhunt .
After the trial was over and the court imposed " gag order " was lifted , I was able to talk with the deputy at length .
I was quite gratified when he told me , " Lieutenant , everything that you told us in the basic academy was true .
It happened just like you said it would .
I felt that I was very well prepared for what happened . "
We instructors live for such moments ; they make all of the frustration worthwhile .
I then went on to ask him a battery of questions that I had asked so many others over the years , feeling that I already knew the answers since I had watched the video over and over again .
It was at this point that I found out that my eyes had not seen what really happened .
I said , " I was glad to see after the initial exchange that you moved behind the engine block of your cruiser to take cover . "
Changing light conditions aggravated by muzzle flash and loud noise all add to the confusion of a gunfight .
His response to this was surprising , " I did n't take cover , I fell down and it was the scariest part of the whole situation .
Here I was in the middle of a gunfight and I was flat on my back .
I was terrified that I was going to get shot in the butt .
I felt so helpless .
What you told us in the academy about not trying to walk backwards was so true . "
This and other such incidents have made me realize that videos do not necessarily tell the whole story .
It is essential to interview the participants .
THE GUNFIGHT PROJECT
Over the last 25 I have made it a point to talk with every gunfight survivor that I could find .
Last count , I had spoken with almost 200 individuals .
These people include men and women , military ( including war veterans ) , law enforcement and legally armed citizens .
These confrontations include battlefield situations , back alley struggles , attempted muggins , attempted rapes ( and successful rapes ) and the like .
Right after I started my law enforcement career , a local police officer was involved in a shooting incident .
I had the opportunity to speak with him and found myself fascinated with his accounting of what transpired .
Afterward , I thought that what had happened to him could happen to me and I needed to be better prepared than he had .
So I undertook this project to educate myself on what happens during lethal encounters .
At every opportunity , I sought out others and asked them what happened .
I then developed a list of questions and included them in my interview process .
I did not try and make this process " scientific " as it was for my own edification .
Once I got involved in defensive skills instruction , I began to rely on what I was told to develop my lesson plans and decide what I should teach .
Over time , I have found this approach to be quite reliable .
I began to seek training from the best and most famous firearms instructors and was concerned when what I had learned sometimes conflicted with what they taught .
On one occasion , I spoke with one of these well - known instructors and inquired about a discrepancy regarding a technique he taught based on what I had been told .
He looked at me and said , " Young man , I have been teaching this technique around the world with a great deal of success .
I 'm not going to change now based on a few war stories . "
This technique was one of this instructor 's flagship techniques .
It was quite clear that he was not going to let reality get in his way .
Gunfights are high - stress situations that are often aggravated by one being taken by surprise and caught flat - footed .
Several weeks ago , I was talking with Handguns editor Dave Arnold about this same topic .
When I told him of some of the trends that I had seen , he asked me to write an article about the myths of gun fighting .
I had a few reservations about this , as I never intended to do this .
I have not catalogued it , nor have I tried to put percentages on how often something happens .
Quite frankly , there seems to be no set pattern on what people remember about their confrontation .
What I have found , however , is that there are certain trends that seem to occur , in some fashion , over and over again .
With this is mind , I agreed to Dave 's request to report on what I have been told .
I am not trying to go head to head with the research of others , nor am I trying to become the guru of gun fighting .
It is information that the reader may use as they see fit .
If it helps someone somewhere , that 's great .
SIGHTS TO SEE
One of the great controversies of gun fighting has long been whether or not people can use their sights during the high stress of a gunfight .
First , let me say that some version of point shooting needs to be taught in any defensive handgun course .
There are going to be times when pointing the gun at someone close will be a necessity , period .
However , I am not convinced that it is impossible to see the sights in a gun battle .
This being the case , I always ask the people I interview if they remember seeing their sights during their confrontation .
I know that there are different scientific studies explaining how it is impossible to see the sights on a pistol during an armed confrontation .
Recently , AO Sight System released a document entitled " Factors Influencing Visibility of Firearm Sights During BAR " ( BAR meaning body alarm reaction ) in which author Dr. Edward C. Godnig claims that it is possible " to maintain visual awareness of the ' sight picture ' . "
I , too , have found this to be the case , but it is dependent on several factors .
The first is whether or not the subject in question was caught unaware and the startle response kicked in .
When startled , people will respond out of fear and panic , which usually does not result in the desired outcome .
The biggest factor during a startle response is luck .
While luck will always be a factor in every confrontation , I am not convinced that we should make it a factor in our training .
When statements are made such as , " I 'm not going to be able to use the sights anyway , why spend training time using them ? "
It is almost as if we are expecting to be caught unaware and allowing luck to be the deciding factor .
Clint Smith has said , " When you get up close you do n't have to be good , you just have to be lucky , " which is certainly true .
Maybe the answer to this problem is not to be worried about whether or not to use sights , but to concentrate on being " switched on " to what is going on around you .
Without fail , the people who remember seeing or using their front sight are the ones who were prepared to engage in combat .
Good examples of this are soldiers on the field of battle or SWAT cops who know going in that they are quite likely to shoot .
These folks kept sights in their " cone of vision " and relied on them when a hostile target was encountered .
I have also experienced this phenomenon while working narcotics for a number of years .
Prior to raids and vehicle takedowns , I would visualize in my head what I planned on doing , including where my firearm would be .
This position would always be some type of high ready position where the gun and its sights were within my " cone . "
I found that during the operation itself , that when I encountered potential hostiles , I could shift between the actions of the suspect and the location of my front sight with little problem .
The big difference here is that I was " prepared " to engage and not caught in startlement .
Awareness is as important to gun fighting as is trigger control .
Along these same lines , the speed of the event is also reported frequently .
While it is common knowledge that people report a sense of slow motion during an armed confrontation , there are also people who say , " It happened so fast , I just could n't get caught up . "
While some may relate this to being startled , I 'm not sure that the speed of the event and startle response is one in the same thing .
Being startled is being caught flat footed and not being able to get in the fight quickly enough .
The people I have spoken with report that their aggressor was fast , moved quickly and aggressively , moved with purpose , and inhibited rational , controlled thought on their part .
One person told me that they actually were aware of their attacker 's presence and were preparing to respond , but when the attack came , it just happened faster than they thought it would .
This same person asked me , " What happened to all this slow motion s**t that I 've heard about ?
This guy moved at warp speed . "
Add to this trying to draw a gun , necessary movement , muzzle flash and other related things and , well , speed kills .
CLOSE ENCOUNTERS
For many years , we have been taught that armed confrontations occur at very close distances ( often times at arm 's length ) , that few shots are fired and the person involved usually misses .
These statistics were compiled from the FBI 's Officer Killed Summary , which are released on an annual basis .
Note that the operative word here is killed ; these are officers that lost their confrontation .
Have you ever wondered what happened with the officers that won ?
Did they do anything different to help ensure they would prevail ?
Being able to see one 's assailant and being clearly able to identify them as a lethal threat is very important to avoid liability .
In 1992 , veteran police officer Dick Fairburn , now a trai
ner for the Illinois State Police , was commissioned by the Police Marksmen Association to answer this very question .
Mr. Fairburn 's original quest was to try and answer the stopping power debate of the time , in which he failed because the database of 241 shooting incidents was too small .
However , what he did develop were some interesting trends that showed what officers did when they won the confrontation .
One of the most interesting was the distances involved .
While the FBI statistics show distances as being around ten feet , the PMA study showed the average distance being more like twenty .
This makes sense , as distance will favor the person with the most training .
This relates directly back to awareness as the sooner you see trouble coming , the more time you have to prepare for war .
The PMA study also shows that the hit ratio per encounter was closer to 62 percent instead of the often - reported 18 percent .
The history of gun fighting for more than a century has shown that the person that lands the first solid hit will usually win the confrontation .
Hitting is hard to do without preparation and relying on luck is an invitation to disaster .
While talking with the people that I have interviewed , I could not help but notice that the people who performed the best ( and could also remember the best ) were the ones who were able to keep control of him or her self .
Many remember getting control of their breathing and using this to fuel their inner drive .
Those who could get control and overcome the startle response were able to handle the situation .
Many of these folks reported that they were not surprised , but were angered by the audacity of the person trying to attack them .
It appears that those who became angered were able to channel the chemicals flowing into their system into fight instead of flight or freeze .
Many advised that they had taken the time to think about what they would do in the event they were attacked and had even played out scenarios in their head .
It is clear that this role - playing or visualization prepared them to take action with little lag time .
For years this has been called if / then thinking .
For my students , I tell the to think of it as when / then thinking .
The other trend that I have noted in regards to the use of sights is the actual configuration of the sight itself .
I have noted two distinct categories of individuals who remember using their sights ; they are those that used long guns and those that used a revolver .
The reason for the long gun use of sights seems to be directly related to responding as one is trained .
All that I spoke with advised that when they saw the threat facing them , they brought the gun up until their cheek connected with the stock and the fired .
None of the people I spoke with advised that they had ever been taught to fire their rifle or shotgun from the hip .
When asked why they remember their sights , a common response was , " Because they were shoved up in front of my face . "
Revolver shooters continuously told me things like , " I remember that big red ( or orange , or green ) front sight coming right up in front of my eyes and laying right on his chest . "
For those of us who broke into defensive shooting using revolvers , we can remember how well that red front insert contrasted with the wide black rear sight on our Smith & Wesson Model 66 or Ruger Security - Six .
Those of us who did not have such an insert would usually paint our front sight with some high visibility color .
Think about what is now available on semi-automatic pistols .
We now have to line up three dots or we have to place a dot on top of a bar , all of which I believe is too complicated for our eyes to do quickly .
The revolvers simple , but contrasting , sight system was easy for the eyes to use under stress .
Fear and panic are reduced by preparation and an awareness of potential danger .
Dr. Godnig reports on this phenomenon , " Contrast of a target is a critical variable directly related to ease of visibility .
Contrast corresponds to the ability to discriminate a dark visual image from a lighter visual image within a total visual surrounding .
In general terms , contrast is the relationship between the lighting intensity of two adjacent areas .
A dark image , approaching black ( having no reflected light ) is most easily seen next to a white ( reflecting all light ) background .
Shades of gray that mostly resemble each other in light intensity and reflection are most difficult to visually discriminate and separate because the contrast values are most similar . "
Dr. Godnig also states , " Size of an object is related to visibility because relatively larger image sizes have the potential to stimulate more retinal cells inside the eye resulting in higher numbers of cones and rods sending information via the optic nerve to the brain for visual information processing . "
Objects that are large and of contrasting color are easier to see under stress , which makes the current generation of semi-auto sights on the wrong end of the sight plane .
I , for one , have highlighted the front sight of all my pistols with bright orange emergency warning tape .
It offers a contrast that is large and bold and I feel is the reason that I can recall my sights during high stress events .
THE RIGHT STUFF
Another area that I address with the people I interview is the subject of bullet effectiveness .
Like many , I am interested in whether one caliber is better than another or whether hollow point ammo is more effective than full metal jacket .
Truly , the most important thing in all this is where you hit your opponent .
I have spoken with a little old lady who severed the aorta of a home invader with a FMJ .32 while , at the same time , talking to a police officer that could not stop a knife - wielding assailant with five rounds of .45 ACP hollow - point .
As a matter of fact , many of the people that I spoke with continued to fire until the threat was no longer in front of their gun .
Think about the time it takes for gravity to pull a 200 - pound male to the ground .
As a matter of fact , time it for yourself .
Lay a mattress on the floor and just collapse on it .
It will take between one and two seconds to hit the floor .
A lot of rounds can be fired in one to two seconds .
Dr. Vincent DiMaio , a noted pathologist and author of the book Gunshot Wounds , has been quoted as saying the stopping power comes from , " Where you hit the person and how many times you can hit them . "
Interestingly , few people remember taking notice of any immediate effects of their bullet strikes .
Some reported that they expected small chest explosions like they saw in the movies and were surprised when that did not happen .
Some recall the suspect 's shirt puckering or moving , but most have no recollection of any bullet strikes .
Most of the people I spoke with remember shooting and then their opponent " just not being there any more . "
At the same time , gunfight survivors who are shot vary greatly in their recollection of what happened when they were shot .
People , who are shot in the leg , unless a bone is hit , take less notice than other areas of the body that are hit .
People who are shot in the chest remember being slammed or being punched at the time .
How they handled the impact seems to fall totally on how much anger and resolve they felt at the time they were shot .
Doctors and emergency medical technicians have told me over the years that if you are not killed instantly by a gun shot wound ( a vital organ bein
g hit ) or bleed out in a few very short moments , you probably will not die from your wound .
The most dramatic wound that I ever personally saw involved a woman who was shot in the head by a .357 Magnum .
I was a patrol deputy and responded to a public housing project on the report of a shooting .
I arrived at the same time as the medic crew and found a white female sitting on the sofa with a dimpled hole in her forehead .
There was a similar wound on the back of her head .
As I spoke to her at the scene ( to find out who shot her , not to further my personal research ) I was told that she had been in an argument with her live - in boyfriend when he picked up a snub - nosed .357 revolver and shot her in the forehead .
She advised that her head , " Slammed back and I fell back onto the sofa .
I have been sitting here ever since .
I have a big head ache . "
It later turned out that the 158 - grain jacketed semi- wadcutter bullet used in the shooting had spilt the lobes of her brain finer than any surgeon could have hoped to .
The bullet left a hole in the rear of her skull , which was patched in some way .
This victim was released from the hospital and then refused to testify against her boyfriend .
( " I still love him . " )
He was prosecuted anyway .
This incident remains one of the strangest things that I have ever seen .
It is safe to say that the larger the bullet , the more effective it will be .
I do not feel that it is a real dramatic difference , but bigger is better .
At the same time , it is safe to say that hollow - point ammo is more effective than ball .
This seems to be the result not of expansion , but from the bullet 's energy being dumped in the body and not exiting .
While not trying to place a percentage on how often they will be effective with one or two shots , I have seen certain rounds be effective over and over again .
They are the .38 Special 158 - grain lead hollow - point ; 9 mm +P+ jacketed hollow - point ; .40 155 - and 165 - grain jacketed hollow - point ; .45 ACP hollow - points ; .223 55 grain FMJ and hollow - point ; 12 gauge 00 buckshot ; and 12 gauge rifled slugs .
The author believes one reason why many do not see their sights in a gun fight is because the low profile front sights of many of today 's auto pistols ( left ) are not as prominent as those of revolvers ( right ) .
The various phases of body alarm reaction that have been discussed over the years such as tunnel vision , slow motion movement , loss of digital dexterity and the like , were all recalled by the subjects interviewed .
None of the people I spoke with remember suffering all phases , but everyone remembers suffering at least one of the sensations listed under the category of body alarm reaction .
Those that understood what was happening to them better handled the sensation during the encounter versus the people who did not .
Without a doubt , forewarned is forearmed .
REFLECTIONS
Finally , how did these people feel after the incident was over and they were the victor ?
Again , a wide variety of responses are reported .
There are those who survived only by sheer luck and actually had little input into their own survival .
These people were " horrified " by what happened and what they had to do and will never be the same person that they were prior to the incident .
These folks all seem to share one common trait -- they thought that nothing could ever happen to them .
They are life 's sheep and felt that criminal attacks happened to others or to society 's underbelly .
It should be noted that some " gun shop commandos " or " gun bullies , " regardless of their outward bravado , fall into this category .
The other extreme , those who are totally comfortable with what they did , have no doubt in their justification to do so and have suffered no side effects whatsoever .
These people tend to be those who are confident and well adjusted in their everyday life .
They took the time to think about what may be , without dwelling on it , and made proper mental and physical preparations .
The majority fall somewhere in the middle , what I call the compassionate survivor .
These folks regret having to take action against another human ( it is not normal in the animal kingdom to prey on one 's own species .
Mankind seem to have the patent on this ) , but they realize that if they had not , they would have been seriously hurt or killed .
Some have a period of physical and mental distress , but it passes and they go on to live productive lives .
Where most survivors are taken off guard is what happens in the court system .
Few ( including police officers ) are prepared for the grand jury and court system .
While they think they understand what will happen , few actually do .
Others are amazed that the relatives of " the lowlife " who attacked them are suing them .
The process is , " Hey , I am the good guy here .
This person attacked me and I just defended myself .
How can these people possibly sue me ? "
People can sue for anything and they will -- be prepared for it .
Take this information for what it is worth .
I 'm not trying to dispute research that has already been published , nor am I trying to take on any specific group or theory .
This is merely what I have been told by a little fewer than 200 survivors .
Take it for what it is worth and use it as you please .
Dying her locks from its natural blonde to the rich red for Spiderman , the bleaching it platinum blonde for Marie Antoinette has left Kirsten Dunstâ€™s hair a little worse for wear .
When Annie Leinovitz tried to shoot the popular actress for an upcoming Vogue cover , sources said she found the photographs not up to the Vogue standards .
They tried to return her hair back to a more natural shade of blonde for the cover shoot after she finished filming both films .
But the photographs werenâ€™t up to par .
With Leibovitz apparently being sent out to reshoot the cover again last week .
Parisian color wizard Christophe Robin , who worked with Dunst on “ Marie Antoinette ” but who said he has not touched her hair in about a year , had warned the actress about triple - processing .
Robin told WWD that he shied away from utterly stripping her hair to achieve her white blonde tresses for the movie .
“ You ca n’t just change your color the way you change your jacket , ” he said to the WWD .
Take this as a warning ladies ( and gentlemen ) .
At least Kirstenâ€™s locks are looking a lot better – more natural – now .
Daily Headlines EDU : OPED : THE TIME HAS COME TO LEGALIZE MARIJUANA USE by Chris Mueller , ( Source : Digital Collegian )
More News Select a State See Map Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia FEDERAL Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Check State Laws
Share This Article
Pennsylvania
-------
THE TIME HAS COME TO LEGALIZE MARIJUANA USE
With all of the alcohol - related incidents that happen both in State College and around the United States , one would think that making alcohol illegal might be a good idea .
Certainly , there would be fewer traffic - related deaths if alcohol were illegal , as the National Transportation Safety Board said that about 16,000 fatalities on the road are caused by alcohol each year .
Why , then , if alcohol causes so many problems , is deterring pot smoking the main focus of most drug education programs ?
I 'll say it right out .
If alcohol is legal and smoking cigarettes is legal , then smoking marijuana should be within the bounds of the law as well .
I might sound like another " stoner " just seeking some antiquated notion of respect and equality , at least in the eyes of anti-marijuana types , except for the fact that I have never once smoked marijuana in my life .
Not only that , I do n't have the desire to do so , either .
I get plenty of fun out of going out and having some drinks with friends .
I 've never once felt pressured to smoke marijuana , whereas I 've often felt pressured to go out and drink .
Smoking pot just is n't something I feel an incredible urge to do -- it 's a choice .
During years and years of Catholic school health classes , my teachers accepted the fact that students already drank and focused their efforts on encouraging responsible drinking .
Mind you , everyone in these classes was obviously underage , so the teachers were turning a blind eye to illegal activity .
Why , then , is there such a stigma on marijuana usage ?
My parents , in some form or another , both admitted to doing their share of underage drinking during their college years .
They essentially told me to make sure I kept some semblance of wits about me when I was out boozing it up .
Again , a blind eye was turned to alcohol consumption .
Despite this , they were adamant that I not try marijuana .
" Chris , it 's bad , we never did it , and you should n't either .
It 's just wrong , period . "
The refrain was the same , over and over again .
I suspect that a great many people heard the same thing from their parents at some point in time .
When I stop to think about it , I 'm amazed that such a big deal is made out of marijuana usage .
This might be based on anecdotal wisdom that flies in the face of big and scary statistics from D.A.R.E. programs all over the country , but I doubt that marijuana is the awful " gateway drug " that it 's cracked up to be .
We 're all told at some point in some government - mandated drug awareness class that marijuana usage leads to cocaine usage , and before you know it , little innocent Johnny from next door is found facedown in a drainage ditch , track marks up and down his arms .
I doubt this is the case .
I know a great many people who smoke pot recreationally , and I 've only known one of them to do any drugs harder than pot .
Another stigma applied to people who smoke is that they 're lazy , useless blobs , content to sit on their couches all day watching Aqua Teen Hunger Force and eating Cheetos .
Once again , I doubt this is the case .
Most , if not all of my friends who smoke are very productive individuals who are going places in life .
Ask any lawyer if most of his or her contemporaries smoke , and I suspect the answer will be yes , more often than not .
It 's simply another way to relax , instead of the conventional six - pack after work .
The stereotypical stoner lifestyle is n't something that befalls helpless people sucked in by the clutches of the vile cannabis plant ; it 's a choice .
It 's a choice just the same as heavy drinking is a choice , as heavy smoking is a choice , and so on .
If anything , marijuana is less addictive than things like Marlboros and Jack Daniels .
In countless television sitcoms , the TV dad is portrayed as having a few beers in a chair to unwind after work .
Why is that OK , but the vision of dad taking a couple hits so wrong ?
Is it really that hard to believe that maybe marijuana is n't so bad after all , and people are n't going to end up raging crackheads , smack addicts and coke fiends because of it ?
In the 1920s , Prohibition took its hold , and moonshine runners were forced to ply their trade under cover of darkness , constantly running from the police .
Nowadays , we look back on this era and think : " Wow , that was pretty ridiculous that these guys had to run from the cops because of booze .
At least we got NASCAR out of the deal . "
I 'd like to think that the current illegality of marijuana will be looked upon in the same way by generations to follow us .
It 's ridiculous that a " drug " that poses no greater danger than alcohol or nicotine is still looked upon with such disdain by the general public , even though most famous people , including some ex-presidents , have admitted to taking a little hit of the ganja once in a while .
Let 's cut the stupidity and give a great many people what they want .
If marijuana can serve legitimate medical purposes and bring happiness and relaxation to a great many people , in spite of its illegality , I 'd say it 's high time we legalize .
MAP posted - by : Beth Wehrman
Share This Article
Pubdate : Mon , 16 Apr 2007
Source : Digital Collegian , The ( PA Edu )
Copyright : 2007 The Digital Collegian
Contact : collegianletters@psu.edu
Website : http://www.collegian.com/
Details : http://www.mapinc.org/media/3117
Author : Chris Mueller
Bookmark : http://www.mapinc.org/pot.htm
( Cannabis )
Bookmark : http://www.mapinc.org/decrim.htm
( Decrim / Legalization )
Comments & Ratings martinstoj - Jul 8th , 2018 - 01:45:16
Comment : no
Kyrosity - Mar 25th , 2009 - 16:57:56
Rating : 1/10
JustJoey - Feb 3rd , 2009 - 14:44:31
Comment : u nerds have wayy to much time on ur hands .
( o_o )
Rating : 5/10
sparky06 - Jan 2nd , 2009 - 14:18:18
Comment : aaagggrrrrrh i hate this game
Rating : 1/10
ceejay09 - Jan 1st , 2009 - 01:56:53
Comment : woo hoo !!!!!!!
32,648
Rating : 10/10
Zzach - Dec 18th , 2008 - 17:48:32
Rating : 10/10
corewebgames.com - Nov 21st , 2008 - 20:50:23
Comment : check this game out and more on my website corewebgames.com
Rating : 10/10
your a loser - Nov 13th , 2008 - 22:20:59
Comment : or more !
10,000 ?
WTF ??!!
your a loser - Nov 13th , 2008 - 22:17:26
Comment : I get the best score which is 37 .
I know .
It 's shit eh ?
But some of youse need to get a life .
You say " Oh look i got 3,500 , which fucken bullshit .
Good game otherwise .
In respect my highest is 1,328 .
Rating : 8/10
ceejay09 - Nov 10th , 2008 - 20:23:09
Comment : 21,229 !!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!
bitches
Rating : 10/10
golem1 - May 22nd , 2008 - 07:57:38
Comment :
There is no point 2 this game !
So rubbish
Rating : 1/10
venal - Apr 25th , 2008 - 13:49:27
Comment : I veraciously have to say this games horrible .
The corpulent game makers no nothing of such a crappy programming ina shit game lawls !!!^^
Rating : 1/10
teague35 - Mar 25th , 2008 - 11:55:18
Rating : 10/10
capstone - Mar 14th , 2008 - 11:21:08
Rating : 10/10
white_bread - Mar 14th , 2008 - 10:40:18
Comment : mad dog sucks
mad dog - Mar 3rd , 2008 - 10:09:56
Comment : suck my balls man Z - unit is gay
Z-unit - Feb 29th , 2008 - 19:14:39
Comment : I just did mad dog .
Shut your mouth .
Rating : 1/10
mad dog - Feb 29th , 2008 - 10:55:27
Comment : thats nothing try to beat 39,936 .
now that is hard
Rating : 10/10
rufus73 - Feb 14th , 2008 - 17:52:06
Rating : 10/10
capstone - Feb 14th , 2008 - 14:13:49
Comment : this game is awesome
Rating : 10/10
Kamec - Jan 27th , 2008 - 19:24:46
Comment :
This game is okay , but why do so many people seem to almost worship it ?
It is n't bad , it 's just that it is n't some euphoric thrill - ride like everyone seems to say .
Rating : 7/10
Amwy Oonumee - Jan 4th , 2008 - 21:38:27
Comment : Really dumb .
Why do you like this sooooooooooooooooo oo much ?
Also unaddictive .
Rating : 1/10
capstone - Dec 11th , 2007 - 11:53:38
Comment : you better quit cussing on here bitch
Rating : 10/10
gen g hawk - Nov 24th , 2007 - 09:58:50
Comment : very addictive !!!!!!!
Rating : 9/10
wireless tom - Oct 30th , 2007 - 09:16:00
Comment : love da game
Rajey - Oct 20th , 2007 - 21:03:36
Comment : THIS GAME SUX
Rating : 4/10
~ Sloan~ - Sep 19th , 2007 - 18:42:35
Rating : 7/10
swordfish213 - Jun 26th , 2007 - 10:09:25
Comment : awesome game go new york yankees !!!!!!!!!!! !
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Jun 21st , 2007 - 00:29:45
Comment : guys - i respect u so much !
i can only do like 300 - AND i practise everyday at work !
help - i need tips ?????
j man - Jun 11th , 2007 - 08:18:16
Comment : try to beat 10473 ! go NYY !
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Jun 8th , 2007 - 14:44:28
Comment : 21671 holy shit it doesnt end !!!!!!!!!!!!
Rating : 10/10
capstone - May 22nd , 2007 - 07:00:11
Rating : 10/10
Kodx - May 21st , 2007 - 15:20:15
Comment : Somehow entertaing - 836
Rating : 9/10
yakboy43 - May 21st , 2007 - 05:31:47
Comment : i hate this game -.- lol i cant get past liek 600
Rating : 8/10
Die u frog2 - May 18th , 2007 - 12:38:47
Comment : 1847 wick
Rating : 8/10
phil m crackin - May 8th , 2007 - 03:39:50
Comment : i fucked a donkey up the ass in a desert while sucking my nans tits igive it 9 tits a bit saggy and soggy
Rating : 9/10
Guest - Mar 16th , 2007 - 07:02:13
Comment : WOOT WOOT !
1747 BABY !!
Rating : 10/10
el flaco - Mar 2nd , 2007 - 11:51:59
Comment : hell yea baby 10000
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Jan 12th , 2007 - 02:32:36
Comment : woot !
1710 ! :D
tbonegirl21 - Jan 5th , 2007 - 14:37:15
Comment : 1478 Ha , beat that !
Rating : 10/10
tbonegirl21 - Jan 5th , 2007 - 14:36:33
Comment : 1478 Ha , beat that !
Rating : 10/10
Mark2ndPeriod - Dec 20th , 2006 - 12:24:40
Comment : i think the guy saying 9509 or whatever , is lying out of his ass . <3
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Dec 19th , 2006 - 10:43:52
Comment : facow !!!!!!!
Rating : 10/10
Mark2ndPeriod - Dec 19th , 2006 - 09:41:25
Comment : wow , i suck , only 874 .
Rating : 5/10
Guest - Dec 9th , 2006 - 16:57:03
Comment : 1000000 - My Highscore .
The game ended though =/
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Nov 25th , 2006 - 08:37:01
Comment : 42 yea !
tylerisg3y - Nov 3rd , 2006 - 07:05:48
Comment : pretty good game its ok
Rating : 1/10
Guest - Oct 26th , 2006 - 16:20:00
Comment : Holy @#&$ 10000 !!!
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Oct 21st , 2006 - 19:47:36
Comment : yeye
Guest - Oct 17th , 2006 - 16:27:19
Comment : shoot son i got like 1001
Guest - Oct 3rd , 2006 - 14:45:17
Comment : 9509 is my best
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Sep 26th , 2006 - 12:26:24
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Sep 26th , 2006 - 11:09:44
Comment : 4408 My Best
Guest - Sep 22nd , 2006 - 16:06:11
Comment : 9127 !!!
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Sep 11th , 2006 - 18:13:25
Comment : 9005 !!!!!
no1 ever beats when it comes to this shiot
Guest - Sep 7th , 2006 - 18:51:33
Comment : 5087 is my top score
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Sep 6th , 2006 - 11:02:30
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Aug 9th , 2006 - 12:08:31
Comment : 2096 Beat that
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Jul 20th , 2006 - 09:43:43
Comment : 4067 yay ............
10/10
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Jul 17th , 2006 - 13:17:41
Comment : 2000 great simple little game
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Jul 16th , 2006 - 03:56:33
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Jul 6th , 2006 - 07:17:15
Comment : best single click game I am seen in a long time ... ( think lunar lander on the C64 (
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Jun 30th , 2006 - 17:28:46
Comment : 1709 this is so addictive ...
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Jun 27th , 2006 - 19:58:28
Comment : 1144
Guest - Jun 26th , 2006 - 16:45:40
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Jun 26th , 2006 - 14:41:24
Comment : 1785 WOOOO
Guest - Jun 26th , 2006 - 13:50:52
Comment : 1757 and too much time wasted
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Jun 26th , 2006 - 12:13:07
Comment : lol 3539 is my highest
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Jun 26th , 2006 - 11:46:11
Comment : 1373 YA I TOOK IT TO A HOLE NOTHER LEVEL
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Jun 26th , 2006 - 09:23:31
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Jun 25th , 2006 - 20:23:41
Comment : OH BOB SAGET I CAN'T BEAT THAT SCORE !
Guest - Jun 25th , 2006 - 20:03:24
Comment : 1190 I took it to the HNL
Guest - Jun 25th , 2006 - 15:15:01
Comment : 1103
Guest - Jun 24th , 2006 - 20:22:13
Comment : 1148 by the original war bears champion
Guest - Jun 24th , 2006 - 20:20:16
Comment : 999 Gidiup
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Jun 24th , 2006 - 11:40:44
Comment : 988 wooo waa
Rating : 10/10
Guest - Jun 19th , 2006 - 07:35:17
Rating : 9/10
Add Your Own Comment to This Game !
Comment :
Rating :
No Rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
If you are not a member your comment has to be approved first .
Adding a comment will restart your game .
Post your Highscore ! - Jul 8th , 2018 - 01:45:16 Comment : no- Mar 25th , 2009 - 16:57:56 Rating : 1/10 - Feb 3rd , 2009 - 14:44:31
Comment : u nerds have wayy to much time on ur hands .
( o_o ) Rating : 5/10 - Jan 2nd , 2009 - 14:18:18 Comment : aaagggrrrrrh i hate this gameRating : 1/10 - Jan 1st , 2009 - 01:56:53 Comment : woo hoo !!!!!!!
32,648 Rating : 10/10 - Dec 18th , 2008 - 17:48:32 Rating : 10/10- Nov 21st , 2008 - 20:50:23 Comment : check this game out and more on my website corewebgames .
comRating : 10/10 - Nov 13th , 2008 - 22:20:59
Comment : or more !
10,000 ?
WTF ??!!-
Nov 13th , 2008 - 22:17:26 Comment : I get the best score which is 37 .
I know .
It 's shit eh ?
But some of youse need to get a life .
You say " Oh look i got 3,500 , which fucken bullshit .
Good game otherwise .
In respect my highest is 1,328 .
Rating : 8/10 - Nov 10th , 2008 - 20:23:09 Comment : 21,229 !!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!
bitchesRating : 10/10 - May 22nd , 2008 - 07:57:38 Comment :
There is no point 2 this game !
So rubbishRating : 1/10 - Apr 25th , 2008 - 13:49:27 Comment : I veraciously have to say this games horrible .
The corpulent game makers no nothing of such a crappy programming ina shit game lawls !!!^
^Rating : 1/10 - Mar 25th , 2008 - 11:55:18 Rating : 10/10 - Mar 14th , 2008 - 11:21:08 Rating : 10/10 - Mar 14th , 2008 - 10:40:18 Comment : mad dog sucks - Mar 3rd , 2008 - 10:09:56 Comment : suck my balls man Z-unit is gay - Feb 29th , 2008 - 19:14:39
Comment : I just did mad dog .
Shut your mouth .
Rating : 1/10 - Feb 29th , 2008 - 10:55:27 Comment : thats nothing try to beat 39,936 .
now that is hardRating : 10/10 - Feb 14th , 2008 - 17:52:06 Rating : 10/10 - Feb 14th , 2008 - 14:13:49Comment : this game is awesomeRating : 10/10 - Jan 27th , 2008 - 19:24:46Comment :
This game is okay , but why do so many people seem to almost worship it ?
It is n't bad , it 's just that it is n't some euphoric thrill - ride like everyone seems to say .
Rating : 7/10 - Jan 4th , 2008 - 21:38:27 Comment : Really dumb .
Why do you like this sooooooooooooooooo oo much ?
Also unaddictive .
Rating : 1/10 - Dec 11th , 2007 - 11:53:38 Comment : you better quit cussing on here bitchRating : 10/10 - Nov 24th , 2007 - 09:58:50 Comment : very addictive !!!!!!!
Rating : 9/10 - Oct 30th , 2007 - 09:16:00 Comment : love da game - Oct 20th , 2007 - 21:03:36 Comment : THIS GAME SUXRating : 4/10 - Sep 19th , 2007 - 18:42:35 Rating : 7/10 - Jun 26th , 2007 - 10:09:25 Comment : awesome game go new york yankees !!!!!!!!!!!
!
Rating : 10/10 - Jun 21st , 2007 - 00:29:45 Comment : guys - i respect u so much !
i can only do like 300 - AND i practise everyday at work !
help - i need tips ?????-
Jun 11th , 2007 - 08:18:16 Comment : try to beat 10473 ! go NYY !
Rating : 10/10 - Jun 8th , 2007 - 14:44:28 Comment : 21671 holy shit it doesnt end !!!!!!!!!!!!
Rating : 10/10 - May 22nd , 2007 - 07:00:11 Rating : 10/10 - May 21st , 2007 - 15:20:15 Comment : Somehow entertaing - 836 Rating : 9/10 - May 21st , 2007 - 05:31:47 Comment : i hate this game -.- lol i cant get past liek 600 Rating : 8/10 - May 18th , 2007 - 12:38:47Comment : 1847 wickRating : 8/10 - May 8th , 2007 - 03:39:50 Comment : i fucked a donkey up the ass in a desert while sucking my nans tits igive it 9 tits a bit saggy and soggyRating : 9/10 - Mar 16th , 2007 - 07:02:13 Comment : WOOT WOOT !
1747 BABY !!
Rating : 10/10 - Mar 2nd , 2007 - 11:51:59
Comment : hell yea baby 10000 Rating : 10/10 - Jan 12th , 2007 - 02:32:36 Comment : woot !
1710 ! :D- Jan 5th , 2007 - 14:37:15 Comment : 1478 Ha , beat that !
Rating : 10/10 - Jan 5th , 2007 - 14:36:33 Comment : 1478 Ha , beat that !
Rating : 10/10 - Dec 20th , 2006 - 12:24:40 Comment : i think the guy saying 9509 or whatever , is lying out of his ass .
<3 Rating : 10/10 - Dec 19th , 2006 - 10:43:52 Comment : facow !!!!!!!
Rating : 10/10 - Dec 19th , 2006 - 09:41:25 Comment : wow , i suck , only 874 .
Rating : 5/10 - Dec 9th , 2006 - 16:57:03 Comment : 1000000 - My Highscore .
The game ended though =/ Rating : 10/10 - Nov 25th , 2006 - 08:37:01 Comment : 42 yea !- Nov 3rd , 2006 - 07:05:48 Comment : pretty good game its okRating : 1/10 - Oct 26th , 2006 - 16:20:00 Comment : Holy @#& $ 10000 !!!
Rating : 10/10 - Oct 21st , 2006 - 19:47:36 Comment : yeye - Oct 17th , 2006 - 16:27:19
Comment : shoot son i got like 1001 - Oct 3rd , 2006 - 14:45:17 Comment : 9509 is my bestRating : 10/10 - Sep 26th , 2006 - 12:26:24 Rating : 10/10- Sep 26th , 2006 - 11:09:44Comment : 4408 My Best - Sep 22nd , 2006 - 16:06:11 Comment : 9127 !!!
Rating : 10/10 - Sep 11th , 2006 - 18:13:25 Comment : 9005 !!!!!
no1 ever beats when it comes to this shiot - Sep 7th , 2006 - 18:51:33 Comment : 5087 is my top scoreRating : 10/10 - Sep 6th , 2006 - 11:02:30
Rating : 10/10 - Aug 9th , 2006 - 12:08:31 Comment : 2096 Beat thatRating : 10/10 - Jul 20th , 2006 - 09:43:43 Comment : 4067 yay ............
10/10 Rating : 10/10 - Jul 17th , 2006 - 13:17:41 Comment : 2000 great simple little gameRating : 10/10 - Jul 16th , 2006 - 03:56:33 Rating : 10/10 - Jul 6th , 2006 - 07:17:15 Comment : best single click game I am seen in a long time ... ( think lunar lander on the C64 ( Rating : 10/10 - Jun 30th , 2006 - 17:28:46 Comment : 1709 this is so addictive ...
Rating : 10/10 - Jun 27th , 2006 - 19:58:28 Comment : 1144 - Jun 26th , 2006 - 16:45:40
Rating : 10/10 - Jun 26th , 2006 - 14:41:24Comment : 1785 WOOOO - Jun 26th , 2006 - 13:50:52 Comment : 1757 and too much time wastedRating : 10/10 - Jun 26th , 2006 - 12:13:07 Comment : lol 3539 is my highestRating : 10/10 - Jun 26th , 2006 - 11:46:11 Comment : 1373 YA I TOOK IT TO A HOLE NOTHER LEVELRating : 10/10 - Jun 26th , 2006 - 09:23:31 Rating : 10/10 - Jun 25th , 2006 - 20:23:41 Comment : OH BOB SAGET I CAN'T BEAT THAT SCORE !- Jun 25th , 2006 - 20:03:24Comment : 1190 I took it to the HNL - Jun 25th , 2006 - 15:15:01 Comment : 1103 - Jun 24th , 2006 - 20:22:13 Comment : 1148 by the original war bears champion - Jun 24th , 2006 - 20:20:16 Comment : 999 GidiupRating : 10/10 - Jun 24th , 2006 - 11:40:44Comment : 988 wooo waaRating : 10/10 - Jun 19th , 2006 - 07:35:17 Rating : 9/10
If you are not a member your comment has to be approved first .
Adding a comment will restart your game .
Post your Highscore !
I ’ve been watching for this one , and now it ’s official .
Ecuador heads for socialist reform of constitution
Ecuadorans overwhelmingly voted Sunday in favor of forming an assembly to rewrite the constitution , a project sought by leftist President Rafael Correa , according to initial , unofficial results .
Correa , who had staked his post on the outcome , was handed 78.1 percent of the votes , a Cedatos - Gallup exit poll showed .
The private company ’s results were broadcast by the television network Ecuavisa .
… Correa , who took office three months ago , has set out a sweeping reform program for his five - year mandate that would include reversing free - market measures , renegotiating foreign oil contracts and cutting ties with the International Monetary Fund .
What is it with socialists and 5 - year plans ?
Anyway , Ecuador and Venezuela will play out in different ways .
First of all , Ecuador currently has adopted the dollar as their official currency .
If they do n’t reverse that , they wo n’t have the ability to inflate the way that Chavez has done .
In addition , while oil is a decent portion of their economy , they do n’t have quite the resources that Chavez has been able to dole out .
With a per-capita GDP much smaller than Venezuela , without the inflation problem , and without the incredible oil boom that Chavez has , they ’ll have to be much more circumspect about how aggressive they get with their socialism .
Thus , they could hold a semblance of stability when Venezuela eventually crumbles .
But I think the end result is the same as always , socialism wo n’t be the panacea they ’re looking for .
This discussion , as shown below , boils down to the expectation for non-OPEC supply and world demand in the 2nd half .
If the IEA and EIA projections are correct , we will soon find out what is going on in Saudi Arabia with the production of the supergiant oilfield Ghawar .
Concerns about a gap in crude oil demand / supply in the 2nd half of 2007 increased in the past months .
The International Energy Agency ( IEA ) and it ’s sister organisation , the Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) , have both told the OPEC cartel that OPEC must increase supply to avert rising oil prices .
Presently the agencies expect a crude oil demand / supply shortfall of 1 million barrels per day towards the end of the year .
However the OPEC cartel is of the opinion that oil markets are well supplied and therefore there is no need to increase supply at the moment .
The Statements by the EIA and OPEC
Since March the Energy Information Administration has given warnings to OPEC that it must increase supply :
Analysis from the International Energy Agency leads to a similar conclusion :
OPEC does not agree and released a press statement on June 14 stating that :
Demand and Supply expectations
The difference in the OPEC vs. IEA / EIA discussion can be seen in both supply and demand .
OPEC expects non-OPEC supply to increase with 1 million b/d from the 1st to the 4th quarter of this year .
The EIA expects an increase of 800.000 b/d and the IEA an increase of 500.000 b/d .
Chart 1 - Supply expectations shown for IEA / EIA and OPEC respective categories .
Data comes from the most recent freely available IEA , EIA and OPEC monthly reports
Chart 2 - Demand and Oil Market Balance expectations shown for OPEC / IEA and EIA in respective categories .
The call on OPEC crude shows the difference between world demand and non-OPEC production .
The expected shortfall from the EIA is calculated by subtracting expected non-OPEC and OPEC production from expected worldwide demand .
Data comes from the most recent freely available IEA , EIA ad OPEC monthly reports
Current inventory levels
World demand expectations differ by 400.000 to 500.000 b/d in the IEA / EIA forecasts from the OPEC forecast for the 4th quarter .
Based on the figures above , OPEC thinks that there is no need to increase production based on their expectations for supply and demand .
The IEA thinks that OPEC should increase production with 1.50 million b/d from present levels of 30 million b/d .
The EIA figures are even more drastic , requiring OPEC to increase production with 2.60 million b/d from present levels .
In their forecast they already have incorporated the rosy expectation that the cartel increases production with 1.7 million b/d !
Regarding high inventory levels the OPEC cartel is correct .
Total OECD crude oil stocks reside at a level of 960 million barrels .
Quite near the highest level in the past five years of 996 million barrels reached in march 2006 and far above the lowest level in the past five years of 842 million barrels reached in September 2002 .
Currently crude oil demand and supply are in balance , which makes the IEA demand / supply projections for the 1st quarter the most likely .
But , this does not imply that a similar situation can be expected for the 2nd half of the year .
Chart 3 - OECD Crude Oil Stocks , data taken from the International Energy Agency
Can OPEC increase production ?
The suggestion that OPEC can pump up 15 % extra is dubious at best .
This would amount to an increase of 4.5 million barrels per day from current crude production of 30.1 million barrels per day .
All countries within OPEC except Saudi Arabia are pumping crude near maximum .
Maybe , with the best of efforts , these countries could increase production with a total of 500,000 b/d .
This means that most of the needed increase in crude oil production from OPEC must come from Saudi Arabia .
Chart 4 - OPEC Crude Oil Production excluding lease condensates , data taken from the IEA and EIA
Whether Saudi Arabia is able to increase production significantly remains speculation .
Crude oil production in the country dropped from 9.52 million b/d in march 2006 to 8.61 million b/d in may 2007 .
The cause of this drop could either be an artificial lowering by the national oil company of Saudi Arabia , or due to the peak in the supergiant oilfield Ghawar .
This discussion has already been taking place on the oildrum for several months , of which the culmination came from Stuart Staniford and Euan Mearns with their articles on the status of Ghawar .
While we currently do not know the exact cause , it looks like we are about to find out in the 2nd half of this year , if the IEA & EIA projections for demand and non-OPEC are correct .
Scores of Kurds have fled their homes in the northern frontier region after four days of shelling by the Iranian army .
Local officials said Turkey had also fired a number of shells into Iraqi territory .
Some displaced families have pitched tents in the valleys behind Qandil Mountain , which straddles Iraq 's rugged borders with Turkey and Iran .
They told the Guardian yesterday that at least six villages had been abandoned and one person had died following a sustained artillery barrage by Iranian forces that appeared designed to flush out guerrillas linked to the Kurdistan Workers Party ( PKK ) , who have hideouts in Iraq .
Although fighting between Turkish security forces and PKK militants is nowhere near the scale of the 1980s and 90s - which accounted for the loss of more than 30,000 mostly Turkish Kurdish lives - at least 15 Turkish police officers have died in clashes .
The PKK 's sister party in Iran , the Kurdistan Free Life Party ( Pejak ) , has stepped up activities against security targets in Kurdish regions .
Yesterday , Kurdish media said eight Iranian troops were killed .
Rostam Judi , a PKK leader , claimed yesterday that no operations against Turkey or Iran were being launched from Iraqi territory .
" We have fighters across south - eastern Turkey .
Our presence in Iraq is purely for political work . "
Frustrated by the reluctance of the US and the government in Baghdad to crack down on the PKK bases inside Iraq , Turkish generals have hinted they are considering a large - scale military operation across the border .
They are said to be sharing intelligence about Kurdish rebel movements with their Iranian counterparts .
" We would not hesitate to take every kind of measures when our security is at stake , " Abdullah Gul , the Turkish foreign minister , said last week .
There has been sporadic shelling of the region since May but officials worry that concerted military action against PKK bases in Iraq could alienate Iraqi Kurds and destabilise their self - rule region , one of few post - invasion success stories .
Some analysts say Ankara and Tehran may be trying to pressure Iraq 's Kurds , afraid that their de facto independent region would encourage their own Kurdish population .
Khaled Salih , the spokesman for the Kurdistan Regional Government in Irbil , said : " We condemn the shelling and urge the Iraqi government to demand the neighbours to respect our sovereignty . "
Despite its support base in Turkey 's impoverished south - east , the PKK is regarded by Ankara , Washington and the EU as a terrorist organisation .
Mr Judi said the PKK was seeking a peaceful and democratic solution to the Kurdish issue in Turkey , and would welcome mediation from the US or Iraq 's Kurdish leaders .
Last week , the Iraqi government said it had closed offices run by PKK sympathisers in Baghdad , and another office was shut by Kurdish authorities in Irbil .
The US is also to appoint a special envoy to find a solution to the PKK problem , but that may not be enough .
Ilnur Chevik , editor of the New Anatolian newspaper in Ankara , said : " There is huge public pressure on the Turkish government to take action . "
But he doubted whether Turkish forces would mount a full - scale invasion .
"
The build - up of troops is designed to say to the Americans and the Iraqis , the ball is in your court . "
Tehran was also taking advantage of the situation , he said , " to show Turkey that it was taking action against its shared enemy , while the US , Turkey 's ally , has done nothing " .
Meanwhile those displaced wonder when they can resume a normal life .
" We know that the PKK are around here , " said Abdul - Latif Mohammed , who fled the village of Lowan with his family .
" But they live in the mountains .
So these bombs just hurt us poor farmers . "
Scientists have converted an organism into an entirely different species by performing the world 's first genome transplant , a breakthrough that paves the way for the creation of synthetic forms of life .
The team , led by Craig Venter , the man who raced to sequence the human genome , wants to build new microbes to produce environmentally friendly fuels .
The group 's study , details of which were revealed in the US journal Science yesterday , proves it is possible to transplant a complete set of genetic instructions into an organism , in effect turning it into the same species the DNA was taken from .
The proof of principle experiment solves the first of two big difficulties which have hindered the creation of artificial life .
The team , based at Dr Venter 's not - for - profit institute in Rockville , Maryland , now hopes to overcome the second hurdle , by designing new genetic codes on computers and transplanting them into organisms to produce new life forms .
The team is focusing on creating micro-organisms which produce green fuels as natural waste products .
" One of the goals we have is trying to see if we could design cells to manufacture new types of fuel to break our dependency on oil and coal and try to do something about carbon dioxide , " Dr Venter said .
" We look forward to trying to have the first fuels from genetically modified and even synthetic organisms , certainly within the decade . "
The work is at the cutting edge of synthetic biology , which is rapidly becoming one of the most contentious fields in science .
Researchers have developed the tools to recreate the devastating 1918 flu virus , and are working on ways to genetically modify human cells and understand the most fundamental mechanisms of life .
But critics fear the field is progressing too fast for society to grasp .
Some are concerned that artificial organisms could escape and damage the environment , or that maverick scientists or terrorist groups could create powerful new bioweapons .
Dr Venter 's team commissioned an 18 - month study into the bioethics of their research , which gave strong approval but echoed concerns about the dangers .
In the experiment , researchers extracted the whole genetic code from a simple bacterium , Mycoplasma mycoides .
They squirted the DNA into a test tube containing a related species , Mycoplasma capricolum .
They found that some of the bacteria absorbed the new genome and ditched their own .
These microbes grew and behaved exactly like the donor .
I suspect Mr. Bush is going to be having a little phone call with Mr. McConnell tomorrow .
The Republicans are falling apart at the seams , and it ’s only May .
From CNN :
BLITZER : And if they ’re not going to do what they need to do , what happens
then ?
MCCONNELL : Well , the Iraqi government is a huge disappointment .
Republicans overwhelmingly feel disappointed about the Iraqi government .
I read just this week that a significant number of the Iraqi parliament want to vote to ask us to leave .
I want to assure you , Wolf , if they vote to ask us to leave , we ’ll be glad to comply with their request .
What can we learn from Jakob Nielsen ? by Philip Greenspun in September 2000 Site Home : Ancient History : One artifact
The Original Text of the Article :
Jakob Nielsen , maintainer of www.useit.com, has published a hardcopy book entitled Designing Web Usability .
This article asks " What can we learn from this book ? "
It might seem like a stupid question .
A person might easily slide $ 45 across the counter at a book shop and go home to read the 419 attractively laid - out pages .
Of what use is a secondary source ?
Nielsen writes for a broad audience of decision - makers , HTML designers , graphic designers , and programmers .
Nearly all of the examples are from e-commerce , corporate , or commercial sites .
Students at MIT are a narrower audience in some ways .
Nobody comes to MIT to learn about HTML or graphic design , for example .
But our students are interested in a broader class of Web services than those treated by Nielsen .
In particular , MIT - trained software engineers aspire to build sites that are collaborative , sites that use computing technology in an effective way , sites that have a dramatic impact on the users ' perceptions of how the Internet can be applied .
The goal of this article is to pick out the most interesting stuff from Nielsen 's book , leave out stuff that would be obvious to our readers ( e.g. , " frames suck " ) , and tie Nielsen 's material to related ideas .
Screen Space Computer enthusiasts in the late 1970s had personal computers with bitmap video and two 20 " monitors .
Billions of dollars of investment in the computer hardware industry has enabled computer enthusiasts 20 years later to enjoy a faster CPU and ... two 21 " monitors .
This lack of progress has resulted in universal kvetching and bizarre fantasies of walls covered in 200 dpi LCD displays or 3x2 arrays of monitors dominating a desktop .
Nielsen holds screen space sacred .
The cruelest thing that one can do to a user is to waste his or her screen space .
Nielsen picks apart popular sites to show how small a percentage of the screen is ultimately used for content .
The rest is wasted on browser and operating system controls , site navigation , advertising , or whitespace that results from fixed - width HTML designs that do n't expand when the user expands the browser window on a large - screen monitor .
Speed , Speed , Speed Nielsen refers to , but does not cite or describe , experiments done in the 1960s , 70s , and 80s , that established acceptable response times for information systems .
For interactive computing , 0.1 second is the limit .
For screen - click - screen - click - screen computering , 1 second is the limit for the user to retain an uninterrupted flow of thought .
If the response time for a screen degrades beyond 10 seconds , the user stops focussing on the task at hand entirely and will try to perform other tasks while waiting for the information system to respond .
IBM found that users were most productive when mainframes responded within 1 second .
What are the implications for Web service design ?
Even if you have extremely powerful servers and unlimited bandwidth , the user will be bandwidth - constrained .
So you need to make pages that are very small and graphically light or ones that display incrementally , which can be done by avoiding the use of HTML tables , particularly avoid making the entire page a single HTML table , which would mean that all the bytes needed to be received before a single word could be rendered
put WIDTH and HEIGHT tags on all the images so that the browser knows in advance how much space to allocate for them
put ALT tags on all the images so that users with very slow links can use your site by disabling automatic image loading
For an example of HTML design that yields incremental loading , visit http://www.photo.net/samantha/samantha-X.
Even on a modem , the user can start reading this page in less than one second despite the fact that it is 37 K bytes long and contains 28 photographs , each approximately 8 kbytes in size .
Fancy HTML
Nielsen argues persuasively that users will become ever more resistant to upgrading browser software .
Modern browsers are pretty good .
The newest Web users tend to be less interested in technology per se than the people who got connected in 1994 .
It therefore makes less and less sense to build a Web site that depends on newer HTML tags , plug-ins , etc. Nielsen goes so far as to advocate HTML 1.0 ( ! ) .
Personally I 've taken more a liberal view since 1995 ( September 2000 ) .
If the Netscape 1.1 browser , shipped in 1994 , could read it , it is okay to use on a Web site .
Netscape 1.1 implies HTML 2.0 plus tables but not frames .
[ The statistics on the photo . net site do not support even my conservatism .
In September 2000 , only about 3 % of users were using 3.0 or older browsers , based on the daily log analysis of 25,000 user visits . ]
In the long run , Nielsen 's advice will become obsolete due to changing execution environments for computer software .
The operating system + browser + amateur system administrator in every home will be replaced by computing appliances that can run bits of software downloaded as needed from various servers without the user 's intervention .
Site Organization Considered Harmful
On page 164 , Nielsen refers to research by Mark Hurst , Jared Spool , and himself that showed depressing rates of success by users in attempting to use corporate Web sites .
Only 26 percent of users were able to find the job openings page and apply for a job .
When it came to finding the answer to a specific question , users had a 42 percent chance of success .
These results were obtained experimenting with sites amply supplied with money and Web design professionals .
What does Nielsen recommend ?
axe the " home " button on the home page , since it is annoying to click on something and end up back where you are [ed : this goes against the dicta of Macintosh Human Interface Guidelines ; the genius of pull - down menus is stability of interface , an option that does n't make sense in a particular context remains in the same place but greyed out -- see the section of Chapter 4 , The Menu Bar , where Apple says " Your application 's menu titles should remain constant .
This constancy adds to the user 's sense of perceived stability of the interface and helps users identify applications when they switch from one to another . "
The Macintosh way to do this would be to leave the " home " button but greyed out . ]
; the genius of pull - down menus is stability of interface , an option that does n't make sense in a particular context remains in the same place but greyed out -- see the section of Chapter 4 , The Menu Bar , where Apple says " Your application 's menu titles should remain constant .
This constancy adds to the user 's sense of perceived stability of the interface and helps users identify applications when they switch from one to another . "
The Macintosh way to do this would be to leave the " home " button but greyed out . ]
the home page should offer three or four features : a navigation directory to the rest of the site news search ( if applicable ) a quick form that target the most popular dynamic service available on the site , e.g. , on an airline site a quick fare / schedule finder
include a logo or site name in the upper left - hand corner of each interior page , linked to the site home page
ensure that interior navigation answers the following questions :
Where am I ?
Where have I been ?
Where can I go ?
To answer " Where am I ? " relative to other sites on the Internet , Nielsen repeats his recommendation that each page include the site name or logo .
He also suggests showing " parts of the site structure and highlighting the area where the current page is located " ( this is never really explained ) and a clear headline .
Personally I would add that users do n't need to see the entire site structure ; the Yahoo style of navigation bar is effective at showing a user how one particular page rests underneath a hierarchy .
To answer " Where have I been ? "
Nielsen says " the browser keeps track in the Back menu " and " do n't change the standard link colors . "
Personally I would add that the Yahoo style of navigation bar is effective for users who have actually clicked down from the home page .
To answer " Where can I go ? " Nielsen suggests ... links !
In standard colors .
Nielsen does not like rollovers , select boxes , or graphics because they do n't work the way that other sites do , they do n't turn purple once visited , and not all of the choices are visible immediately .
[ Nielsen 's last point here is one made earlier in Edward Tufte 's classic Visual Explanations ( 1997 ) . ]
He eschews the breadth - emphasizing tabs at the top of each interior page as a waste of space , preferring instead Yahoo - style nav bars ( which he calls " full hierarchical path " or " breadcrumb navigation " ) .
Nielsen admits that all of these methods break down to some degree on large sites , e.g. , those with more than 10,000 pages , particularly when the site is for a corporation with diverse product lines .
Recall that Nielsen 's old job was on the sun.com site , which , despite much effort and technical prowess , is much more difficult to use than the typical small company 's site .
[ See also " Go To Statement Considered Harmful " ( 1968 ) by Edsger W. Dijkstra at http://www.acm.org/classics/oct95/.]
Accessibility Nielsen points out that the Americans with Disabilities Act may require that your intranet be accessible .
Rather than offer his own advice , he basically suggests that readers visit http://www.w3.org/WAI/.
[ Personally I dread having to visit the W3 C 's site .
If you find someone with 20 / 20 vision who can reliably find anything on w3.org , please write up a report on the phenomenon and let the rest of us know how it is done . ]
Even if you do n't personally care about the ability of the visually impaired to use your public Internet site , Nielsen gives an example of how you might become shamed into accessibility .
He shows http://www.speed-of-thought.com, the Web site companion to Bill Gates 's second book , Business @ the Speed of Thought .
The home page contained not a single piece of text , just a bunch of GIFs that would be unreadable by a blind person .
The Los Angeles Times caught wind of this phenomenon and their story shamed Microsoft into adding ALT tags so that the blind , or those who'd turned off image loading , would be able to navigate the site .
Nielsen does not point out the irony in the fact that this book , in which Bill Gates claims to have finally figured out how to use the Internet , is not available in full text form on the Internet ( see below ) .
Acronomic Platitudes Nielsen states that what users want are HOME RUN Web sites : High Quality content Often Updated Minimal download time Ease of use Relevant to users ' needs Unique to the online medium Net- centric corporate culture
The last item may need some explanation .
Nielsen runs a successful usability consulting business and thus encounters Web teams from a variety of organizations .
His conclusion from experience : " The HOME RUN approach to web design requires the entire company to get behind the website to deliver an optimal customer experience in the online world .
No web team , no matter how good , can create a website that really works if the rest of the company is mired in the physical world and unwilling to put the Internet first in all aspects of virtually all projects .
" Many Internet - only start - up companies do have the right attitude and organize their entire corporation around the goal of serving customers online .
But it is a hard transition for a legacy company as long as most departments are staffed by people who do not view the Web as a strategic imperative .
Therefore most big - company websites will remain unnecessarily complex for many years to come because they will continue to attempt to paper over an underlying reality that is not Internet - centric . "
Fun Some parts of the book are just plain fun ( well , about as much fun as you could hope for from a Danish guy who majored in computer science ) .
Nielsen tears apart Art Technology Group 's use of 3D graphics on the Sony catalog site , explaining that human beings are not frogs and that text is a lot easier to read when not distorted by a 3D projection onto the 2D monitor .
The Goal : Written for Idiots by Idiots Nielsen suggests keeping navigation pages short so that users do n't have to scroll to get to a link .
Probably good advice for most sites .
But he proceeds to suggest that you should write short and write as though the readers will only scan the document .
If you end up somehow with a big long document , split it up with hyperlinks and build a separate printable version : " Users will almost never scroll through very long pages , though .
As I mentioned earlier , web texts need to be short . "
Personally , I think that Nielsen 's advice only makes sense for the purely commercial sites that make up virtually all the examples in Designing Web Usability .
Users come to get basic information , as quickly as possible , and leave .
Commercial sites usually do n't have access to good writers because such people would rather be working on the Great American Novel than explaining foobar .
com 's return policy .
The kindest thing that an editor can do for a bad writer is take out all the unnecessary words and clauses .
I have empirical evidence that long pages can attract and hold readers .
The photo. net site built a readership of more than 100,000 people with the full texts of Travels with Samantha ( http://www.photo.net/samantha/; 350 printed pages divided into 19 long Web pages ) and Philip and Alex's Guide to Web Publishing ( now at http://philip.greenspun.com/panda/; 600 pages divided into 17 long Web pages ) .
Close to 25,000 people per year read a 30 - page story about what it was like to work with Macmillan on my first " dead trees " book .
See http://philip.greenspun.com/wtr/dead-trees/story to find all 30 printed pages in a single HTML page .
There is no need for a printer - friendly version ; because all the content is at one URL , the user can just click on the browser 's Print button .
The Web is in fact an ideal medium for longish documents .
When you put your whole book on the Web , a reader can pick out an especially relevant chapter and email it to colleagues .
Thanks to the search engines , the Web enormously increases the number of people who'll read at least parts of your book .
Moreover , a reader who comes in from a search engine is likely to find your book highly relevant to the problem at hand .
What if you do n't have enough material for a whole book ?
Suppose that in 1985 you had enough ideas to fill up 47 pages .
That would have been much too long for a magazine but much too short for a book publisher .
Because the Web did not exist yet , you had no way of distributing your ideas to a mass audience .
A writer who wanted to reach an audience would be encouraged to keep adding filler until a respectable book length was achieved .
Nowadays , with the Web audience pushing 100 million people , there is no imperative to bloat .
The 47 - page idea can be published to a worldwide audience as a 47 - page HTML document .
A writer will only inflate his or her ideas to book length for reasons of naiveté or microgreed ( " micro " because of the pathetic royalties paid by book publishers to authors ) .
Business bestsellers are the classical bookstore bloat victims .
Geoffrey Moore 's Crossing the Chasm is one of the most important tech business books ever .
Yet its 227 pages can be summarized in one sentence :
Do n't celebrate your victory in a market after becoming the market leader with pioneer consumers ; as the mass market develops and all the competitive offerings have adequate performance , the new consumers wo n't care about the advanced features that your organization is exquisitely tuned to produce but rather ease of setup , ease of use , and low cost .
[ Moore wrote in 1991 so we can't really fault him for not making this a 50 - page Web essay instead of a 227 - page book . ]
Just as the Internet has created opportunity for authors who keep their ideas to the right length , it creates risk for those who indulge in bloat .
Here are some reader opinions harvested with a Google search : " About 300 pages too long ... elementary writing style , boring boring boring " says Annette McCaskey at epinions , about Ann Rule 's 351 - page Bitter Harvest .
" If I did n't have to write a paper on it , I would have stopped reading about 50 pages in .
My only consolation after having read this book it is that , since my professor liked it so much , my research paper can be full of pointless filler and I 'll probably get a good grade . "
.
" If I did n't have to write a paper on it , I would have stopped reading about 50 pages in .
My only consolation after having read this book it is that , since my professor liked it so much , my research paper can be full of pointless filler and I 'll probably get a good grade . "
" A verbose articulation of ideas described better by others " and " Way too long for the central argument " say Amazon reader reviews of Don Norman 's 320 - page Invisible Computer .
. " Hooooo , boy !
This thing is SLOW !
The author steps through each piece of the user interface , bit by bit by bit , and writes entire chapters on what seem the most trivial details .
Truth is , though , his points are valid and thought provoking , but his writing is more tedious than Tolstoy . " is one Amazon user 's take on Alan Cooper 's 580 - page About Face ( oddly , Amazon says that it is 400 pages but I slogged through it and found 580 pages ( and about 250 pages of ideas ) ) .
( oddly , Amazon says that it is 400 pages but I slogged through it and found 580 pages ( and about 250 pages of ideas ) ) .
" Its content can be grasped just by reading through the sub - headings " is an Amazon comment on Gary Hamel 's 336 - page Leading the Revolution
" Each chapter can easily be written concisely in one single page without losing any juicy stuff ( cos there is n't much ) . " is the Amazon take on the svelte - for - the - genre 261 - page Blown to Bits , a book that I treasure for its closing paragraph alone , in which the essential nature of a company is revealed to be a purposeful community .
, a book that I treasure for its closing paragraph alone , in which the essential nature of a company is revealed to be a purposeful community .
" The first few pages present the idea of the book " and " This book is about 150 pages too long " is the Amazon verdict for the 320 - page The Death of Competition by James Moore .
by James Moore . ( this one really hurts )
Despite the more than 200 5 - star reader reviews at Amazon of Philip and Alex 's Guide to Web Publishing , the review that jumps out at me is the following : " Phil and Alex 's way cool in - joke laden guide could be edited down by 30 % without any loss in content , printed on non-gloss paper to save 30 - 50 % more in unneeded weight .
Greenspun abuses print the way the web novices he critiques use the web -- utterly superfluous production values that add no value to the user but only heap on costs and hence price ; utterly gratuitous graphics which prove that force me , the book buyer , to subsidize Greenspun 's embarrassingly mediocre talent ...
Philip , the design of your book violates every single rule you hammer away at for 570 pages .
Keep the dog , hire an editor , drop the ego , practice in print what you preach on the web .
Read Ed Tufte 's books and make the next edition actually use graphic presentation to communicate .
Respect print , it 's older than you are . "
Ouch !
I would have hoped to get credit for having made the book available online for free for the last three years , where a user can disable image loading , print a chapter at a time , etc .
But Amazon deletes any comment that references a URL external to their site so perhaps this is too much to ask .
If any of these authors above ( except me , dammit ! ) had kept their expositions to 30 - 50 pages and published on the Web , the world would have been a vastly richer place .
Perhaps the authors made a bit of extra money from publishing in hardcopy but think of the tragic waste of readers ' time .
Should every document be attacked with an eye to cutting down to 30 - 50 pages ?
If everyone did that we'd be culturally poorer , sort of like the world of the symphony after a visit by the efficiency expert :
An efficiency expert was given a ticket for a performance of Schubert 's Unfinished Symphony .
The next morning she wrote a memo to the concert office : 1 . For a considerable period , the oboe players had nothing to do .
Their number should be reduced and their work spread over the whole orchestra , avoiding peaks of inactivity .
2 . All 12 violins were playing identical notes .
This seems to be unneeded duplication , and the staff of this section should be cut .
If a volume of sound is really required , this could be accomplished with the use of an amplifier .
3 . Much effort was involved in playing the 16th notes .
This appear to be an excessive refinement , and it is recommended that all notes be rounded up to the nearest 8th note .
If this were done , it would be possible to use para - professionals instead of experienced musicians .
4 . No useful purpose is served by repeating with horns the passage that has already been handled by strings .
If all such redundant passages were eliminated then the concert could be reduced from two hours to twenty minutes .
5 . The symphony had two movements .
If Mr. Schubert did n't achieve his musical goals by the end of the first movement , then he should have stopped there .
In light of the above , one can only conclude that had Mr. Schubert given attention to these matters , he probably would have had time to finish the symphony .
Could John McPhee have covered North American geology in fewer than 696 pages ?
Probably .
Would a 200 - page Annals of the Former World have the same impact on readers ?
Maybe not .
Could McPhee have made more money as content editor of an ecommerce site ?
Probably .
But perhaps he is happier with his Pulitzer Prize than a few extra bucks .
As we tell students at MIT :
It is very tough to be poor when you 've got the skills necessary to build a Web - based information system .
At the same time , it is statistically difficult to become the richest person in the world .
If you can't become richer than Bill Gates , an improbable event , there will be no distinction in merely being slightly richer than some other rich Web nerd .
So you might as well try to build something great .
In the writing department , great is Moby Dick ( 822 pages ) .
Great is Independence Day ( 451 pages about a single weekend ) .
Great is A Pattern Language ( 1171 pages of interesting ideas ) .
Great is not writing for readers who scan .
This truth is not restricted to works of literature .
Thomas Kuhn , in The Structure of Scientific Revolutions , argued that a journal paper is productive in a post - paradigmatic science such as modern particle physics , but that a book - length document is usually necessary to achieve progress in a pre-paradigmatic science .
When everyone agrees on a certain way of looking at the world and explaining phenomena , the paper reporting on a single experiment is comprehensible and useful .
But to imbue readers with a new frame of reference and relate particular results within that frame requires a book .
Kuhn noted that Newton published Principia ( 500 - 1000 pages in modern editions ) rather than a journal paper on the calculus .
Is there a middle ground ?
Sure .
Standard journalism training is to try to cram a short version of a story into the first couple of paragraphs and let the reader keep reading ( scroll ) if interested to get all the details .
If you want to sell toasters keep the prose short as Nielsen suggests .
If you want to change business minds , stick to the length of your idea ( probably 30 pages ) .
If you want to change a pre-paradigmatic field of science or challenge Bellow , Ford , Roth , and Updike for ascendancy in the Great American Novel , write a full book .
( But please be good enough to park it on the Web so that we can find it when we need it . )
What you can't learn from Designing Web Usability
At 400 pages , Nielsen 's book cannot cover everything .
He does not include references or explain how experiments might be done to shed light on improving usability .
He does not say how to actually conduct a usability study on a Web site .
Ben Schneiderman 's Designing the User Interface describes a user satisfaction questionnaire that is sold for $ 1000 / site from http://www.lap.umd.edu/QUIS/.
It seems awfully long and ill - suited to evaluating Design A versus Design B , however .
Tufte
If you want to read something in hardcopy but would rather limit yourself to 4 pages instead of 400 , try pages 146 to 149 of Edward Tufte 's Visual Explanations : Images and Quantities , Evidence and Narrative ( 1997 ; Graphics Press ) .
In these four pages , Tufte makes the following points :
The screen should contain information , not navigation or administration icons .
The information should become the interface , i.e. , clicking on a word that was itself informational should take you to a screen with more detailed information .
Give users broad flat overviews of the information ( e.g. , tables of contents ) rather than forcing them through sequential screens of choices .
Organize your data according to expected user interest rather than mimicking the internal structure of your organization [ see Example 4 in Chapter 1 of Philip and Alex 's Guide to Web Publishing ] .
] .
Why use icons for navigation when words are clearer and take up less screen space ?.
What is truly impressive is that Tufte was n't even writing about the Web .
He was explaining his design for a guide kiosk at Washington 's National Gallery .
Moreover , because the pages on which he articulates these ideas happen to be mostly given over to illustrations of kiosk screens , Tufte actually gets these fundamental ideas across in less than two pages of text .
Links ( " Where can I go " ) amazon.com to buy Designing Web Usability ( Nielsen has elected not to make the book available on the Web )
( Nielsen has elected not to make the book available on the Web ) http://philip.greenspun.com/panda/ --
Philip and Alex's Guide to Web Publishing , some of the same ideas as in Nielsen 's book but ( a ) written two years earlier , ( b ) available free online , and ( c ) mixed in with a lot of distracting photographs , ideas for building sites that support human collaboration , and painful technical stuff .
, some of the same ideas as in Nielsen 's book but ( a ) written two years earlier , ( b ) available free online , and ( c ) mixed in with a lot of distracting photographs , ideas for building sites that support human collaboration , and painful technical stuff .
http://philip.greenspun.com/teaching/one-term-web to find links to all of the teaching materials that we use for our students at MIT ( we 've written three textbooks , numerous problem sets , and some papers like this ; they are all free online for use by other universities and the general public ) .
to amazon.com to pick up the fundamentals with Edward Tufte 's classic trio : The Visual Display of Quantitative Information ( 1983 ) , Envisioning Information ( 1990 ) , and Visual Explanations : Images and Quantities , Evidence and Narrative ( 1997 ) .
Reader 's Comments
[ This is a flame I wrote back in 1996 , when I had a small web tools development company with some friends .
I think it still applies to designing useful web content ]
Document Centric
Is Good , Not Bad I have seen articles in the trade press which refer in a disparaging way to the " outdated document - centric " technology of the Web , and how some new frob from some new startup company is going to save everyone from this sadly misguided approach to Web technology .
Example : Web middleware tolls the death knell of HTTP .
( In the Middle ) ( Internet / Web / Online Service Information ) ( Column ) Network Computing v7 , n14 ( Sept 15 , 1996 ) : 143 ( 2 pages ) .
Pub Type : Column .
New Web - enabling technologies based on middleware are supplementing the HTTP protocol and may ultimately replace it .
HTTP offers broad but shallow functionality and suffers from many limitations in performance , efficiency and security .
It is highly document - centric and can make application development awkward .
Distributed Computing Environment ( DCE ) vendors are working on a new DCE - enabled middleware standard that runs HTTP over a secure Remote Procedure Call ( RPC ) interface , while other vendors are shipping products that replace HTTP entirely .
BEA Systems ' new BEA Jolt is a Web link to the TUXEDO transaction monitor and message - oriented blah blah blah Well , I like documents .
I like HTML because it lets you easily produce documents that look pretty good , and do this automatically .
In fact , it lets you build interfaces to programs which generate good looking and easy to read documents on the fly , which are delivered to users .
Documents are good things .
Like books , and the written word , they are a technology which has been developed for thousands of years .
Giving someone a document containing information is a far more powerful enabling tool than popping up a bunch of buttons and menus .
The user is free to move around in the document , to search it at their convenience , to store it , and to access it with their own tools .
Embedding of HTML and advanced user interface controls in documents is an added bonus , as of course are hyperlinks .
The trend in Web technology today is companies stepping all over each other to produce Windows 95 interfaces to Web data .
Well I think this is a mistake .
The explosive growth in the World Wide Web has been due in no small part to the ease and fluidity of the HTML document model of information delivery .
I am not ready to throw this out , and I would rather work with it , than try to force fit the Web into Microsoft 's myopic view of how computers must be used .
-- Henry Minsky , September 11 , 2000
Well , no offense , but I do think that both Travels and the Web Ho book would be easier to read if they were split up a bit more .
There 's no good stopping point in the middle of the chapters that one can easilly get back to , which means that one has to either read each chapter in a single sitting or go scrolling through a large document trying to find where one stopped the last time .
-- Perrin Harkins , September 11 , 2000
It was very kind of you , Perrin , to scroll all the way to the bottom of this long article and the long comments to contribute a comment about how you do n't like long articles where one must scroll :-)
I have a composer friend in New York who is always in need of a new girlfriend .
Solicitious friends inquire " What kind of a girl do you want ?
An intellectual ? "
He replies " I like a girl who uses a bookmark to read People magazine . "
-- Philip Greenspun , September 13 , 2000
From the perspective of an ASJ reader , there could be a few small things that would make it more usable .
Indication on the asj page , that some content is either new or revised .
The asj page is getting longer everyday , and it is quite easy to miss new articles or revisions of an article .
It would be nice to have either a " new since last visit " for asj , or atleast ( new ) or ( revised ) markers like in the online version of Phil 's book .
bboard style email alert 's for new content or revised articles .
Lot of times , one learns of new content when you come back to re-read some article , or when someone refers to it else where .
If you are an active developer on ACS , the bboard content gets to your email , and it would be just as useful to have email alerts for static content .
Just the notification of content , not necessarily the article itself .
Atleast for asj articles !
-- Mohan Pakkurti , September 13 , 2000
General Guidelines for Web Accessibility Accessibility of web resources for visually impaired persons can provide some good insight to good design for sighted persons as well .
That said , realize that nearly 15 % of web users suffer from some sort of visual impairment - be it colorblindness to complete loss of sight .
The numbers may even be higher , depending upon the source - I have seen numbers go as high as 55 % , taking into account all forms of colorblindness , age related macular degeneration , diabetic retinopathy , etc .
I do n't have exact numbers handy , so I 'll leave these statistics as an exercise in trust . :-)
Good web design accommodates all users .
The Americans with Disabilities Act ( ADA ) , passed in 1994 , means that sites hosted within the United States are obligated to provide equitable access to persons that require assistive or adaptive technology to utilize online resources .
Public institutions especially are under the gun to accomplish this .
Any material provided by a public institution that is not reasonably accessible by a medium other than the web must meet accessibility requirements .
The severity of this is punctuated by recent lawsuits .
A blind Australian man is suing the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) because his screen reader cannot access the Olympic 2000 web site .
America
Online recently faced a class - action lawsuit by visually impaired persons who were unable to use AOL resources , even though they were paying for them .
It is only a matter of time before Universities become targets of this as well .
In short , as more and more resources move exclusively to the web , these resources must be accessibly to everyone .
Note that this is n't just in the United States .
I 'm pretty certain that they have the Internet in other countries .
So , why does the ADA matter if I live in , say , Senagal ?
Because , quite simply , it is the right thing to do .
That said , how can I make my site accessible ?
Here 's my list of easy steps to take .
Much of this seems obvious - until you realize how many web developers and designers ignore the obvious .
How usable is that ultra cool flash animation ?
Does your main page use pictures to express concepts , but does n't actually spell out the concepts ?
Wow .
Been there , seen that , clicked on to somewhere else .
' Nuf said .
Here 's the short list : Images & Animations
The number one issue with visually impaired persons accessing web pages has to do with content conveyed by images that is not contained elsewhere on the page .
Adaptive technologies ( such as web page readers using voice synthesis ) rely upon the web page author to convey information about images and animations in the form of an ALT tag .
All HTML IMG elements should contain a short alternative text description that represents the function of the graphic .
This is important for users who have turned off image - loading in their web browsers , those using text based browsers like Lynx , and people who are blind and require the use of a screen reader to read the contents of the screen for them .
For example , use a tag like the following : < IMG src=" masterpiece.gif " height = " 40 " width = " 500 " alt =
" An image of a sad - looking clown painted in soft colors on a velveteen background " >
When creating alternative text , aim for a functional label based on the context in which it is used rather than a visual description .
A good test to determine if alternative text is useful is to imagine reading the document aloud over the telephone .
What would you say upon encountering this image to make the page comprehensible to the listener ?
If you think that including alternative text is not necessary because descriptive text is already provided above or below the image , use ALT= " " in the IMG tag .
Image Maps
Like images that convey information , image maps are often used to control navigation on a page .
Often , this is the only place that navigation is available on a page .
Unless screen readers can convey this navigation information to visually impaired users , the links are useless .
All major browsers today support client - side image maps .
Client side image maps should always been used in place of the older server side image maps except for a few specific cases ( like clickable geographic maps ) .
There is no problem with using both server and client side image maps , for example : < MAP NAME = " navmap " >
< AREA SHAPE =" RECT " COORDS = " 5,5,100,40 " HREF=" index.html " ALT =" Link back to the main page " >
< AREA SHAPE =" RECT " COORDS = " 150,1,195,140 " HREF=" catalog.html " ALT = " Link to Online Catalog " >
</MAP >
< A HREF= " #serverside.map " >
< IMG SRC=" mainlogo.GIF " ALT = " Main logo for the web site " ISMAP USEMAP= " #csmap " HEIGHT=200 WIDTH=200 >
</A>
The best way to guarantee that links in image maps are available to everyone is to include text versions of the links with meaningful descriptions elsewhere on the page .
Which leads us to ...
Create Meaningful Links
Users who are blind often jump from link to link when skimming a page or looking for information .
When they do this , only the text of the link ( " link text " ) is read .
Therefore , it is important that link text make sense when read without surrounding text .
For example , authors should not use " click here " as link text several times on the same page ; this requires a user browsing the page with a screen reader to step through each link and read the surrounding text to determine the purpose of the link .
Instead , link text should carry sufficient information , as in " download this document in ASCII text , " " view the full version in HTML , " or " for the text version select this link . "
From Braillenet : Click here and win an orange
This example is very bad because the text of the link gives no indication about the destination .
Click here and win an orange
This example is bad because the text of the link is too long .
Click here and win an orange
This example is clear , the link indicates precisely and concisely where it points .
Frames Each FRAME must reference an HTML file
When creating a frames - based web page , it is possible to make the source of a frame be an image rather than an HTML file .
When this is done , it is not possible to include alternative text for the image .
Instead of referencing an image directly , the frame should point to an HTML file that contains the image .
For example , DON'T DO : < FRAME SRC= " banner.gif " TITLE = " Frame banner " >
Instead try : < FRAME SRC= " banner.html " TITLE = " Frame banner " >
----- banner.html -----
< HTML >
< BODY >
< IMG SRC= " banner.html " ALT = " Company XYZ 's logo and new product listing . " >
</BODY >
</HTML >
Give each frame a title A TITLE attribute should be added to each FRAME element to describe the purpose and content of the FRAME .
For example , < FRAMESET ROWS = " 100 , * " >
< FRAME SRC=" navigate.html " TITLE = " Navigation Bar " >
< FRAME SRC=" content.html " TITLE =" The Navigation Bar changes the contents of this frame . " >
</FRAMESET >
Tables
If possible , avoid using tables to format text documents in columns Tables are used either to layout a page of graphics , text and other elements such as navigation bars or to present data in a tabular format such as train schedules , spreadsheets , etc .
Unfortunately , screen reading tools for the blind have a difficult time reading multiple columns of text -- they often read across rows as a single sentence .
For example :
There is a 30 % chance of rain Classes at the University of showers this morning , but the Michigan will resume on weekend looks like it will be sunny .
September 3rd. might be read by a screen reader as :
There is a 30 % chance of rain Classes at the University of
showers this morning , but the Michigan will resume on
weekend looks like it will be sunny .
September 3rd .
While this is a problem that the tools need to solve , authors can help the tools interpret tables effectively by providing information about the table .
In the future , style sheets should be used to layout pages with graphics , text and other elements .
Where multicolumn text and HTML tables are used , consider making the table , page , or site available in a text - only version .
In the future , as more browsers and screen readers support the HTML 4.0 specification , it will be possible to label HTML tables in ways which allow them to be more accessible .
Colors and Contrast Care should be taken to avoid using color combinations that can be difficult to read for persons with color deficit vision .
( i.e. - colorblindness )
Most persons with this disorder have issues with red / green or blue / yellow combinations .
Also , avoid noisy backgrounds that detract from the readability of the page .
If possible , set your monitor to display in grayscale and review the site .
If a normally sighted person can't easily make out the text , consider revising your choices .
Check Your Work !
The bottom line for any publication is proofreading .
Good design takes time .
Skimping on accessibility issues will only limit the audience of your web site .
Automated tools can help identify issues with pages , and are a good starting point for making your site accessible .
Note , however , that current automated tools can't catch everything .
Test your site using a screen reader .
View it on all possible platforms in all possible browsers .
Take your time , and do things right .
Bobby is a free tool for checking general accessibility issues of a web site .
Go to http://www.cast.org/bobby to have your site checked for accessibility issues .
-- Hans Masing , September 13 , 2000
For some time now , I have been a booster of the idea of creating a ACS usability testing module , based on Nielsen 's heuristic usability testing techniques , that could be used to test all ACS - based sites .
I even wrote up a spec for such a beast and submitted it the OpenACS team , although it seemed at the time like the best thing to do was to wait until after 4.0 comes out to implement it .
-- Michael Feldstein , September 13 , 2000
... Blown to Bits , a book that I treasure for its closing book that I treasure for its closing paragraph alone , in which the essential nature of a company is revealed to be a purposeful community .
How about quoting such gems ?
BTW - are cite tags really a security hole ?
( Initially , I cut & pasted the blockquoted text source , but the original 's cite tag was flagged . )
- andy
-- Andy Freeman , September 19 , 2000
I just want to comment that this article should be included in Philip 's book review rather than an independent article .
Someone need to organize ArsDigita 's content because it is getting a little confusing .
-- Victor Cheng , October 4 , 2000
The Point - Interaction is necessary to education
The basics of good web design should remain as described by Greenspun and Nielsen .
But interactive methods like java , javascript swapimage and flash make great teaching tools as long as the information content is also available as text .
My Background
My name is Thomas Gray and I am a graduate student in Mechanical Engineering at MIT .
I am starting my second year of database - backed web publishing with my site at http://sharingfirst.mit.edu.
The site focuses on online education in robotics .
Our goal is to excite highschool students and teach them about robotics .
The Missing Wow Factor
I am aware of the consistent claims that sites should be simple , text driven , accessible , etc .
While these ideas are fantastically practical , they fail to excite and inspire the public .
Both Greenspun and Nielsen need to allow room in their mental model for rich , vibrant media types to capture and hold an audiences attention .
I admit that animations and audio are used poorly by web novices but why should we drop them from the big picture .
The Power of Interaction
The ACS Community System gives members a sense of interaction with each other .
In an online learning environment another imporant piece of interaction is with the material being taught .
When a user can play in a java , javascript , or flash world and interact with the material they are more likely to retain the knowledge than if they just read it .
Thanks for reading
Chinese proverb :
Tell me and I will forget , Show me and I will remember , Involve me and I will understand .
-- Thomas Gray , October 5 , 2000
Powerful , friendly queries Thomas , your first point is a good one .
Graphics are very useful for interactive pages , and a prime example of this is helping users build powerful queries .
If you are a user with a non-technical background , you are : more likely to want to search a site for information ( either because you are less familiar with navigation styles or techniques , or figure it should be easier .
be easier .
less likely to be familiar with composing text queries using boolean - style AND and ORs .
Having to wait for a graphical user interface to load may be tedious , but it may reap rewards ; if you a looking for a funny , light - hearted book , you are much more likely to get a query right if you drag a slider towards the `happy face ' than if you have to enter a number between 0 - 10 ( 0 , serious , 10 happy ) .
Seeing the happy icon confirms you are specifying the correct query .
What happened to `a picture is worth a thousand words ' ?
Images are much more accurate for depicting emotions and feelings .
We make use of bold , colour and italic text because changing the appearance of text is just as useful as what it says .
Page layout
There are other more psychological points that might be worth considering when designing the layout of a page : what about possible tendencies for people to associate the left with the past , and the right with the future ?
( highly disputable , I realise , but nevertheless interesting - consider that you are reading these lines of text from left to right ) .
Also , maintaining consistency - this is only touched upon with the `home button ' stability of interface menu discussion .
How does this carry over to web sites on a more grand scale ?
Long documents
Lastly , regarding long pages - yes , the web is an ideal medium for longish documents ; this is because you can improve their navigability without breaking up the flow .
Anchors and links are really useful - it should n't hurt to put a few links at the top of the document to the significant subheadings and changes in topic .
This would be a great thing to do with the online version of Philip and Alex 's Guide to Web Publishing and the problem sets .
-- Sarah Ewen , October 19 , 2000
Philip has succeeded in writing a good distillation for techies of Nielsen 's book .
Interesting observation : Nielsen described " Philip and Alex's " as ( I paraphrase ) " preaching to the choir " .
Philip implies the opposite criticism of " Designing Usability " , that it 's too dumbed down for techies .
Philip 's jabs about Nielsen not publishing " Designing Usability " on the Web are misleading .
Nielsen does publish much of the same material in his Alertbox column .
Even though I was already exposed to many of the same ideas through Alertbox , I still enjoyed reading " Designing Usability " .
I must have too much time on my hands :)
Perrin 's criticism is on the mark .
The webpages in Philip 's online books are indeed too long to be easily read in today 's Web browsers .
Philip 's server logs only prove that both his works were popular despite this .
They prove nothing as to whether a different version would be more or less popular ( or usable ) .
He 's invoking the Killer Phrase , " If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it " .
This argument can't be won anyway .
Publishing a new work in both long and subdivided formats , both equally prominent , neither the default format , would provide some conclusive evidence .
Evidence of what I 'm not sure .
Perhaps it would show that long pages tend to have higher search engine relevancy .
Or that shorter pages result in more return readership .
Without evidence , it 's just a matter of opinion .
Also , Philip , I may be misreading your reply to Perrin as a slam , but your implication is wrong : that someone has a low intellect or attention span because they find it difficult or inconvienient to scroll back to their place in one of your chapters .
Flipping to one 's place in a magazine or book is an entirely different activity than scrolling a long webpage back to the place you last read .
-- Tim Taylor , November 6 , 2000
Thomas Gray wrote : The Missing Wow Factor
... while these ideas are fantastically practical , they fail to excite and inspire the public .
[ They ] need to allow room in their mental model for rich , vibrant media types to capture and hold an audiences attention .
And now I will quote Tufte from pg 34 of " Envisioning Information " , except I will replace the words " chartjunk " with " flash " , and " numbers " and " data " with " content " [ 1 ] :
Lurking behind [ flash ] is contempt both for information and for the audience .
[ Flash ] promoters imagine that [ content ] and details are boring , dull , and tedious , requiring ornament to enliven .
Cosmetic decoration , which frequently distorts the [ content ] , will never salvage an underlying lack of content .
If the [ content is ] boring , then you 've got the wrong [ content ] .
There are appropriate uses for the technologies Thomas describes .
They just are n't for embellishing content to achieve " Wow Factor " .
There are certainly concepts and ideas that are better expressed with " rich , vibrant media types " than with text , but as Hans wrote , you should provide an accessible text fallback . [ 1 ]
To be fair , I 'll suggest that people repeat the same exercise , but this time replace " flash " with " short pages " and " content " with " long pages " :)
-- Tim Taylor , November 6 , 2000
Tim : I was n't slamming Perrin .
I love the man !
A quote from him ends one of my db nerd chapters .
You 're probably right in that I should give Nielsen more credit for making his ideas absolutely crystal clear .
Philip and Alex's Guide contains some of the same ideas , it is true , but they are n't set forth as clearly and completely .
But I do think that a book is n't very " usable " if it is n't available on the Web .
If I want to refer my students to a portion of Nielsen 's book , I really can't do it .
Color Xeroxing is too painful for me ( I 'm lazy ) and the students would lose the handout anyway .
They could all buy the book , of course , but they are poor ( MIT took all their money ) and they should n't have to schlep a heavy book around campus if all they need is a few pages here and there .
-- Philip Greenspun , November 7 , 2000
Philip , put that way I agree with you .
Just goes to show how perspective makes a difference .
It 's been too long since I was a poor college student .
-- Tim Taylor , November 7 , 2000
Re : Browser versions
There is a periodic issue with Certificate Authority certificates expiring , which has forced people to upgrade in the past .
Also : many ( if not most ) e-commerce sites request users to upgrade to 3.x or above .
Examples of info on certificates expiring : http://www.thawte.com/certs/server/browsers.html, http://www.verisign.com/server/cus/rootcert/faq.html .
It is possible ( for many browsers ) to install new certificates without upgrading the browser , but it 's doubtful many users did so .
( I expect this to change , going forward . )
-- Thomas Hundt , November 15 , 2000
I 'm in the camp that dislikes pages which necessitate a great deal of scrolling .
I think a useful analogy in understanding why I ( and possibly others ) prefer short pages is to compare the process to reading a book or magazine .
A printed work is divided into nicely digestible pages where I can see only a certain amount of " content " at a given time .
I can bookmark the page that I 'm on ( pardon the overloaded term ) and I can readily see where I am in the larger document by looking at the thickness of the pages before and after my current position .
I confess that it is not a rational aversion that I have , although the ability to bookmark one 's place in a long document is handy .
I simply feel lost in the sea of information when I 'm in the middle of a document that extends to near infity in either direction .
Frankly , I nearly did n't read this article when I saw how small my scrollbar had become after the page finished loading .
I would normally dismiss this as personal preference , but I think the precedent set by books and magazines is likely to have subtly influenced the minds of most readers and swayed the issue from one of personal preference to one of generally accepted style .
-- Michael Bayne , December 13 , 2000
Regarding Accessibility and 20/20 vision , the WAI has upgraded the appearance of some of their web pages .
See http://www.w3.org/WAI/ as of late November , 2000 .
At this writing , the Authoring Tool Accessibility Guidelines still have the old , hard - to - read fonts and colors .
-- Ray Paseur , December 31 , 2000
Regarding long pages , one of the biggest problems I find is that search engines are stuck with the model of " there is a match somewhere in this document , here is the top of the document , you the reader take it from here " .
So a larger document makes it harder to find the relevant search result , and authors often split things into smaller pieces to accomodate the limitations of search engines .
An alternative is to do make the search engine do the work of figuring out granularity .
This is the approach taken at this new search engine for the Oracle 8 i docs .
Even though most HTML files from the documentation represent a complete chapter , often > 100 K , the search returns results linking to any level of subheading within a file .
The " virtual book " variety of search uses a big table of contents to group similar results together , making a large set of search results comprehensible , in contrast to the usual result page showing " Matches 1 - 10 of 500 " .
Now there are a few tables and frames used in this system , but I think overall it hews pretty closely to Tufte 's " broad , flat " notion .
-- John Russell , January 19 , 2001
Long Pages : I am writing this because I have noticed comments from several readers objecting to long pages .
One of the reasons that I spend so much time around the " Philip Greenspun Universe of Web Sites " is precisely due to those long pages .
As nearly as I can tell , the comments above have raised the following objections : Lack of a stopping point and the inability to bookmark within a long page .
Dislike of using the scroll bar on the browser .
The feeling of " being lost " in a sea of text that has no beginning and no end .
Referral from the search engine often leaves the reader looking for some specific idea like a needle in a haystack .
My response to each of these objections is simple :
The reader is not using the basic technology built into their web browser very effectively .
If you are feeling lost in a sea of text , or wish for a way to bookmark your place in the middle of a chapter or article , why not hit the print button on your browser ?
Now you have a document that is nicely broken up into individual pages ( this one was 19 pages ) , and you can dogear those pages or put tabs or pen marks wherever you want on the pages .
All the advantages of a paper document without having to mess with that silly " printer friendly version " stuff , plus you are still dealing with a single url .
Another simple function that would solve many of the objections above is the " Find on Page " or " Find " option that is built into almost every computer program on the planet that deals even remotely with text .
If I have to leave a document , I will frequently write down a keyword located in the paragraph that I am currently reading .
When I return , I do a search in the document for that word .
If I am looking for a string in a search engine , I will frequently paste the same phrase into the search function in my browser so that once I am at the document , I am taken immediately to my item of interest .
I realize that ultimately this may boil down to a matter of preference , and that is why there is even a debate at all on the matter , but let me use a recent event to illustrate why I dislike documents that are broken up into short sections across multiple web pages .
I was interested in reading a document at http://techtv.com/screensavers and I was then submitted to humiliating load times , ads for stuff flashing all over the pages , and having to click " next page " every other paragraph .
When I wrote to complain , I accused them of trying to bump up their page views in order to get more ad revenue .
They responded by telling me that they did the little short pages to reduce load times !
I was too angry to write back and point out that text takes almost no time to load and that it was their flashing banner ads that were causing long load times .
In my humble opinion , if the article is shorter that 50 printed pages , give it to me all in one big page with minimal graphics , thank you very much .
Just my .02 usd .
-- Garn LeBaron , March 13 , 2001
Related Links
Noema , technologies and society -
How technologies changes our society , in communications , arts and culture ( contributed by Pier Luigi Capucci )
Usable Web - Quote from Nielsen : " Keith Instone 's Usable Web database serves as a well - organized and annotated list of many other sites about Web- related human - computer interaction " .
I agree .
( contributed by Sam Anderegg )
Reader 's Comments
" Do n't Make Me Think " by Steve Krug not only has a title that 's right up my alley , but has a couple of chapters on how to run your own usability testing .
-- Phillip Harrington , June 30 , 2003
The Office of Government and Community Affairs is the University ’s primary liaison with federal , state , and local government , as well as with residents , community leaders , and civic organizations in surrounding neighborhoods .
The CUIMC Office of Government & Community Affairs maintains a similar role for communities surrounding the Medical Center .
[ Warning : Long post , sorry ]
It 's been slightly over 24 hours since we kicked off the beta over in Crackberry Nation .
I thought it would be useful to give you an inside look at what happened , what when right , wrong , etc .
The objective here , as always , is to help you and your start up .
Crackberry Nation was the right call :
Simple put , I made that call because I believed , based on my knowledge of the Kevin 's readers , the application would get smacked around really hard and if we passed muster with the CB Nation crowd , we'd be well on our way .
And , true to form , a stompin we a gettin .
Exactly as we wanted .
Answer people 's email .... immediately :
My core belief on beta software is that if somebody takes the time to download it , try it , and then give you feedback of any kind , respond to them with a personal note as soon as you can .
Within 3 minutes ( I clocked it ) of Kevin 's post , we had 100 downloads .
Within 5 minutes of that ( 8 minutes total ) , the first feedback came in and I answered it , 300 emails later into the night , I was still pounding on the keyboard .
Then we have twitter stuff , then Crackberry started forum comments , as well as comments on the blog post itself .
My happiest emails , for the last 20 + years , have always been those magic words :
Thanks for your prompt reply .
We will , of course , put in an auto - responder to ensure people know we got the note .
We now have two extra people tracking and logging the bugs , etc .
The core of any good company is how you treat your customers and what they say about you .
You can get " product was n't for me but , wow , great people " and that 's win for many reasons .
Raising capital ?
Trust me , investors simply Google / Twitter / Search for this stuff to get sense of your culture .
I know , I did it for eight years .
Beta Testing - Target the Crowd :
If I could buy a round for the entire Crackberry crowd , I would for one core / top reason :
The idea of an actual ' beta ' is not dead ?
Got a BlackBerry application you want actually tested with people who will really test it , understand it will have bugs , etc ? CB nation .
The lesson here is that whatever your product / service is , use care .
We / I could have done a blog post , had people re-tweet / blog , etc , and get feedback .
No problem .
It made far more sense to go to the source and target a focused / hard core group to get a mass number of people kicking the tires all at once .
It was solid squeeze and a solid pile of feedback .
If you believe in the fail fast theories ( I do ) , this process works .
This crowd would give us the back to the drawing board message loud , clear , and fast .
So far , so good .
Friction - Free :
I 'd like to take credit for this brilliant insight but I got slapped into reality by my co-founder / partner .
We had a fairly good sign up plan for the beta .
You signed up , gave us a pin number , we validated , did this , did that , sent emails , etc .
All great coding , process .
All stupid , my bad .
Plan B was ask , open it up , send it out , and those people who become rabid love it / hate it , will phone it in .
Ah , yup .
Hundreds did .
Lesson :
Get it out there and let the people speak .
Friction - Free trumps process every time .
And I should have known better anyway because the gang at Xobni had it down to a science .
If we are half as good as those guys , we 're picking out the yachts .
Via la Competition :
This is the best part for me .
Cutting deals and teaming up .
It 's a massive market ( Thank you RIM and Google ) .
If you have a product , code , etc , and you 'd like to partner up , email me , we are here to grow a massive business you can be part of .
Hopefully , for others , rising tides will lift all our boats .
Lesson here : Check your ego at the door , ignore titles , do n't be a control phreak and focus on the big ( massive / profitable ) big picture .
Apologize :
We have a problem with the BB Tour .
My bad , I did n't properly test the device and there are a couple of hundred people who I know have the problem which is getting fixed .
To the hundreds that wrote in , we are saying " sorry , thanks for letting us know , its being fixed , my bad for not doing a better job testing your device . "
This probably goes hand in hand with the answer people 's email point , but this point is the specifics .
Mea -Culpa has people coming back to us saying no problem , I 'll keep helping which is exactly what you want .
I know this sounds simple but saying , known issue , thanks , fix coming is not as good as " my bad " it 's personal and people , hopefully know you care .
Hosting Rules :
Servers in the back room and under my desk ?
Ahh , I 'm thinking no .
RackSpace rocks .
Nuff said . .
Have Fun
One person wrote in from Munich .
I grew up there and ask how close they were to my old house .
Great back and forth .
One guy wrote in who was from Sprint and I talked about my uber - smart nephew who works there .
A lady who was on a sail boat (! ) wrote in .
She was a live - aboard and we talked about all of that fun as I am a sailor .
And so it goes .
Life is short and ( this is the secret ) most people want to help you .
Really .
Most people want you to succeed .
They will share in your success , gladly pay for product from people they like .
Investor point :
They turn down personalities and culture way before they get to the idea / company .
Have fun , it will show and pay off .
Some numbers for you :
Thousands ( 5 ) of downloads within 10 hours ; still happening .
Hundreds ( 10 % ) of feedback notes .
Piles of great ideas , features , and I 'd pay for this product notes .
My favorite email so far :
" Wow this is an amazing application , thanks for doing this .
Since you appear to know the Blackberry , perhaps you could help me get some really cool iPhone apps installed on my BlackBerry "
Yeah , really ...
Finally :
To everyone who has download the application to test and give us some feedback , we all thank you .
It is truly appreciated , we are listening , we care , and we will be delivering products to meet your needs .
It 's our goal / mandate / passion .
The industry often credited with being the driving force behind ( no pun intended ) new technologies is now suffering from them .
The pornography industry , which has long been growing alongside the Internet since the early days , has hit a wall in recent years .
DVD sales and rentals have dropped by 15 to 25 percent in the last year , according to industry estimates , and some believe that it could fall further if the industry does n't catch up with new online trends .
What 's the driving force behind this change ?
As more and more of the general public comes online , they are finding newer and cheaper ways to get their adult content fix .
Just like the masses have flocked to sites like YouTube to watch professional clips from their favorite TV shows , video blogs , crazy stunts , and amateur movies , the adult audience has ditched DVDs and pay - per - view television to flock to similar sites .
For example , PornoTube is a user - submitted video site of growing popularity that functions in the same way that YouTube does , complete with free , streaming videos .
Not just that , but increasing broadband speeds and wider adoption means that folks who once merely watched adult content are now able to create and upload it easily to sites like PornoTube for a fraction — or none — of the cost that it takes to make a professional video .
" People are making movies in their houses and dragging and dropping them , " CEO of adult payment processing site GoGoBill.com Harvey Kaplan told the New York Times .
" It 's killing the marketplace . "
While online revenue for the professional adult industry has never been something to sneeze at , AVN Media Network 's Paul Fishbein added that growth in the online space is n't happening quickly enough to make up for the drop in video sales — USA Today reports that Internet - based pornography sales grew by only 14 percent in the last year .
Professional studios told both publications that they are attempting to catch up with the shift in public consumption trends by selling more online downloads and revamping their web sites to be more useable and professional .
Some are hoping that the " quality " of their professional videos will win out with the public over those produced by amateurs .
" We use good - quality lighting and very good sound , " Red Light District president David Joseph told the New York Times , yet the company reports a sales drop of 30 percent over the last two years .
Somehow , we get the feeling that today 's adult video aficionados are n't exactly dying for the return of artistic lighting .
In a way , the problems that the pornography industry is facing now — competing with the flood of cheap or free amateur content — could foreshadow problems for the rest of the content industry .
TV networks have already realized that they need to start moving content online in order to stay on top of consumer trends , and so far , the online audience still generally prefers professional shows to options provided by amateurs .
Creating amateur TV content is significantly harder than creating amateur pornography — finding someone to have sex with and placing the video online is nothing compared to writing , acting , and editing a decent TV show .
But if the quality of amateur movies and TV shows gets better and it begins to overshadow the " real " industry , there could be some frantic TV network execs out there .
Since the release of JRuby 0.9.8 about a month ago , information about JRuby progress has been a little hard to find .
But the latest news out of the JRuby camp leaves us no doubt that it is because the team is working harder than ever in order to deliver JRuby 1.0 before JavaOne .
In his latest post , Charles Nutter gives us some very exciting tastes of improvements the first production release will bring .
The performance boost is significant :
... the current trunk code is almost another 2X the performance of 0.9.8 (... ) .
The compiler also supports almost 2X the number of syntactic constructs it did in 0.9.8 , and it 's getting faster and more stable every day .
There are actually a number of benchmarks running faster than MRI ( the C version of Ruby ) even when interpreted .
Another great piece of news is that Rails ' ActiveRecord is now fully supported on JRuby .
The last remaining failing tests have been fixed and all units tests are green .
Now a Rails application using MySQL can run safely on JRuby .
InfoQ caught up with JRuby team member Ola Bini for more details on the latest ActiveRecord milestones :
Since when the JRuby team is working on the ActiveRecord support ?
Actually , we are n't , as such .
We have n't done anything on ActiveRecord itself , except possibly finding bugs in the tests .
What we have been doing , since June last year , is working on the project ActiveRecord - JDBC ( AR - JDBC from here on ) .
This project is an ActiveRecord adapter , only usable within JRuby , that allows ActiveRecord to work with JDBC ( the standard Java database connection framework ) .
It 's absolutely necessary to have this , since JRuby can't use the database drivers that regular Rails uses .
So we have had AR - JDBC working fairly well for quite some time .
When we released 0.9.8 , we decided to claim that we supported Rails , but we still had some failures in the Rails unit tests ; and most of these were actually from ActiveRecord ( about 50 - 60 errors and failures , out of about 1100 tests ) .
So last week I decided to get these problems fixed for MySQL , first and foremost .
This decision have resulted in several fixes to AR - JDBC and JRuby , and as the original announcement mentioned , we are happy to say that MySQL is fully supported now .
What were the toughest features to implement ?
There are two things I would qualify as the toughest : first , the ActiveRecord tests .
The tests are very good in many places , but there are also tests that depend on hash ordering and other more strange things .
This makes it hard to see if it 's actually a real failure , or just a strangely implemented test .
Second , ActiveRecord does lots of processing on the data from the database , quoting and other things .
These are hard to get right , especially for date and time information .
But the tests are very helpful in fixing these issues .
Charles Nutter points out " a few caveats " remaining , could you give us more details about that ?
Those caveats are first and foremost that there are a few tests that need to be modified to actually run correctly , as I mentioned above .
Aside from that , all is dandy .
What are your next developments on JRuby ?
Right now we 're working hard on performance and correctness .
We want to release 1.0 sometime in May , and at that point we 're aiming for blazing speed and blinding correctness . =)
Well , what we are doing is fixing all bugs we can find , trying to decide how the Java Integration features should finally look like , and also working the a Java bytecode compiler .
So , in May , JRuby should be a force to reckon with .
A side question : you recently accepted an offer from ThoughtWorks .
Could you give us some hints about your projects concerning JRuby with ThoughtWorks ?
Well , not really .
I wo n't actually start until June 4th .
Until then I 'm helping out informally with some projects , but most of it is still under cover .
What I can say , is that when I start at ThoughtWorks I will be able to spend time on doing great things for both JRuby and Ruby .
Germany threw down the gauntlet to Britain yesterday over one of the issues that will dominate a crucial EU summit starting today in Brussels .
Addressing one of Tony Blair 's " red line " subjects , the Germans made clear they want the so - called charter of fundamental rights to be legally enforceable as part of a new deal on how Europe is run .
The charter is a comprehensive catalogue of human , civil and social rights agreed by the EU in 2000 but never enforced .
Though it will not be at the heart of any new treaty , the German government , chairing the summit , said it should still be referred to as " legally binding " .
Both Mr Blair and Gordon Brown are flatly opposed to the charter becoming European law , and thus enforceable by the European court of justice .
" It 's a proposal from the [ German EU ] presidency and it does indeed contain a proposal to make the charter legally binding , " said a senior Berlin government official closely involved in planning the summit and drafting the new treaty .
The case for the charter was overwhelmingly supported by the rest of the EU , he added .
" Some see that as a concession because they want it in the treaty .
They absolutely insist on the legally binding charter . "
The charter enshrines everything from the right to strike to the right to preventative medical treatment .
EU trade unionists demonstrated in Brussels in support of it yesterday , but it is strongly opposed by Britain 's business leaders and the government has said it will not tolerate any European interference in the UK 's social and labour law .
The charter formed chapter two of the proposed European constitution that died two years ago after France and the Netherlands voted against it .
Signalling a possible way out of the impasse , however , the German official also acknowledged that Britain 's common law system made the UK a special case in the EU , and indicated that the German chancellor , Angela Merkel , could negotiate terms exempting the UK from the charter 's application .
A senior commission official said : " The Germans have told the UK that opt - outs can be organised . "
The constitution was officially buried on Tuesday night in Brussels when Mrs Merkel 's team tabled a mandate for a new reform treaty which seeks to salvage much of the constitution , minus its symbolic and solemn trappings .
" We need to mutilate the constitution in order to save it , " said another senior German official .
German officials hope that , if consensus can be reached , the treaty will be accepted at the summit scheduled for today and tomorrow , but which is expected to run into Saturday .
EU government officials would then meet for a couple of months in the autumn to dot the i's and cross the t's in the new treaty .
The new pact would reshape the way the EU is run by giving it a full - time president , a European foreign policy supremo , a slimmed down commission , and a new " double majority " voting system based on a country 's population size , which will raise Germany 's clout relative to other members for the first time .
The latter change is seen as the biggest threat to a summit triumph for Mrs Merkel because Poland , wary of German domination , is demanding to reopen the issue of voting weights .
Other British sore points include the role and powers of a European foreign minister ( who would be called something else ) , and the surrender of Britain 's veto on criminal justice and home affairs .
British officials admit that reaction to Downing Street 's demands among other EU states this week has been " vituperative " .
But diplomats in Brussels yesterday characterised the German proposals as a shrewd piece of drafting that appeared to leave enough flexibility to secure a deal at the high - stakes summit .
The trek to Baghdad 's mortuary is a familiar one for many people
John Pace , until recently UN human rights chief in Iraq , told the BBC News website that up to 75 % of the corpses showed signs of extrajudicial death .
Mr Pace blamed an " endemic " breakdown of security for increasing violence .
" Anyone with a gun who is reasonably well organised can do whatever they want with impunity , " he said .
Armed groups often threatened mortuary staff , aiming to stop autopsies and suppress evidence , Mr Pace said .
Iraq has seen a jump in apparently sectarian violence since the bombing last week of a Shia Muslim shrine in the city of Samarra .
But Mr Pace played down suggestions that Iraq was heading towards civil war , blaming a political vacuum and the collapse of law and order - rather than a generalised Shia - Sunni split - for the escalating violence .
' Chaotic '
Mr Pace described the Baghdad mortuary as a " barometer " of the situation in the city at any one time .
Staff at Baghdad 's mortuary face regular threats
Between 780 and 1,110 corpses had been brought in every month over the past year , Mr Pace said .
Two - thirds to three - quarters bore signs of death by deliberate gunshot or signs of torture before death , he added , describing daily life as " chaotic " .
He confirmed that the head of Baghdad 's mortuary had left his position temporarily amid fears for his security .
Despite threats , most staff continued to perform autopsies , Mr Pace said .
Failures
Mr Pace 's comments came as Sunni officials said that dozens of Sunni preachers had been killed in a wave of violence since the bombing of Samarra 's al - Askari shrine .
Elsewhere , talks on the formation of a new national government were delayed .
Fears have grown among Iraqis that Shia death squads are operating with semi-official government approval .
While highly critical of Shia militias such as the Badr brigade , linked to Interior Minister Bayan Jabr , Mr Pace said that Iraq 's real problems stemmed from a lack of political authority , a breakdown of law and order and a weak judicial system .
" There is no deliberate intention to suppress information [ about executions and killings ] , " he said .
" More likely it is considered as something [ the government ] would rather not admit to . "
Israel 's forceful campaign has caused fury in some countries
" The US is sparing no efforts to bring a durable and lasting end to this conflict , " said spokesman Adam Ereli .
Israeli Justice Minister Haim Ramon made the suggestion after powers meeting in Rome refrained from demanding an immediate ceasefire .
UK PM Tony Blair has arrived in Washington for talks on the crisis .
His meeting with US President George W Bush comes amid growing pressure for the UK and US to join calls for an immediate ceasefire between Israel and Hezbollah .
Israel has carried out dozens of fresh strikes on Lebanon .
Lebanese officials said at least 12 people had been killed .
Meanwhile at least 50 Hezbollah rockets have landed on northern Israel , hitting towns including Nazareth , Kiryat Shemona and Safed .
Seven people have been injured .
Hezbollah said it had fired a new long - range rocket , called the Khaibar - 1 , into northern Israel .
The militant group said the rocket landed south of the city of Haifa , the deepest strike inside Israel so far .
Israeli police have confirmed that a previously unknown rocket carrying up to 100kg of explosives had struck an area near the town of Afula .
Convoy hit
Elsewhere , two mortar rounds hit a convoy of vehicles carrying civilians escaping the violence in southern Lebanon .
The BBC's Jim Muir , who was with the convoy , said two people in a German TV vehicle were wounded when the rounds exploded next to their car .
The convoy , organised by the Australian embassy , was returning to the port city of Tyre from the border village of Rmeish , where hundreds of people have been trapped by the Israeli offensive .
Our correspondent says the cars were clearly marked as a press and civilian convoy , and that individual journalists had been in contact with the Israelis who knew about the journey .
A BBC security adviser travelling in a car behind the German car said he believed the mortar rounds had been fired from the Israeli side .
The Israeli Defence Forces say they do not believe it was one of their mortars but say they are still checking .
At talks in Rome on Wednesday , the US , UK and regional powers urged peace be sought with the " utmost urgency " , but stopped short of calling for an immediate truce .
That prompted Mr Ramon to declare Israel had received " permission from the world ... to continue the operation " .
But questioned by reporters on the sidelines of a summit in Kuala Lumpur , Mr Ereli said : " Any such statement is outrageous . "
The US has said a ceasefire is only worth it if it can be made to last .
Mr Bush reiterated the US 's rejection of a " false peace " on Thursday evening .
The BBC 's world affairs correspondent , Nick Childs , points out that Mr Bush also emphasised how troubled he was by the mounting casualties , a suggestion - perhaps - that he is increasingly conscious of the price Washington is paying for its closeness to Israel .
According to Mr Blair 's official spokesman , the UK leader wants to step up a gear in securing a UN agreement for an international stabilisation force in southern Lebanon .
But the BBC's James Coomersamy in Washington says that for the moment , there has been no sign that either leader is wavering in his much - criticised opposition to the idea of an immediate ceasefire .
Air strikes
Some 425 Lebanese , the vast majority civilians , are confirmed killed in the 17 days of the conflict - but a Lebanese minister has suggested scores more bodies lie under the rubble .
HAVE YOUR SAY
Surely the lives of the innocent should take precedent
Nikki , Warwickshire
Send us your views
Fifty - one Israelis , including at least 18 civilians , have been killed , mostly by Hezbollah rockets .
The Israeli assault began after Hezbollah captured two Israeli soldiers and killed eight in a cross - border raid on 12 July .
In the latest developments :
A Jordanian man was killed and at least three other people wounded in one of several strikes in Kfar Joz , close to the southern Lebanese market town of Natabiyeh
There were multiple strikes on the Bekaa Valley to the east , on villages around Tyre , and roads in the south - east
Sporadic clashes were reported in Bint Jbeil , where Israel suffered its worst single losses on Wednesday
Unarmed UN observers have been temporarily relocated from border positions in southern Lebanon after the deaths of four UN observers in an Israeli strike on Tuesday
In Israel , few people still speak of being able to neutralise Hezbollah , our correspondent in Jerusalem Katya Adler says .
Instead Israel speaks of trying to establish a " secure zone " empty of Hezbollah fighters north of the border with Israel .
The Israeli government 's announcement that it is calling up three divisions of reservists - said to number between 15,000 to 40,000 - suggests it is preparing for the possibility of a protracted war , our correspondent says .
AFP
HIV , the virus that causes AIDS , a disease that has killed some 25 m people in the past quarter century , may be one of the most thoroughly investigated viruses ever .
But there is still some uncertainty about its origin .
Most researchers think it was passed from animals to humans in central Africa .
But understanding more about how humans picked up the virus may possibly help in the search for effective treatment .
Those who are trying to discover more about the origin of HIV in humans tend to go looking in the forests in central Africa .
Researchers may get up at dawn hoping to grab chimpanzee faeces that fall from the trees .
Antibodies in such excrement have suggested that the virus jumped into humans from a Cameroonian population of chimps early in the last century .
The virus probably made the leap at least twice more since .
A separate group of chimps in Cameroon has infected a handful of locals with a nonpandemic version of HIV .
Waste from wild gorillas suggests they are probably responsible for a third form of the virus .
An alternative strategy to poking around in the jungle is to ask why humans are susceptible to HIV in the first place .
This approach may now be providing some useful answers .
In a paper published in Science on Friday June 22nd , Michael Emerman of the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Centre , in Seattle , describes how he and his colleagues looked at a different virus ( known by the catchy name , PtERV1 ) which was active about a million years after human lineage parted from the chimp one .
It appears that ancient hominids successfully evolved immunity to that virus , but in doing so were somehow left defenceless against HIV .
To show this , Dr Emerman considered the details of a particular immune - system protein .
All primates make “ TRIM5 alpha ” , which protects them from viruses in the same broad category as HIV .
But each species makes a slightly altered version , making them immune to different combinations of such viruses .
The type that rhesus macaques produce , for example , confers complete resistance to HIV ; the sort made by baboons slows that virus 's replication by 50 - fold .
Dr Emerman first proved that the particular protein made by all humans causes them to be resistant to PtERV1 .
That makes sense because chimpanzee and gorilla genomes are littered with broken copies of this virus , yet the human genome is free of it .
Demonstrating the fact , however , was difficult because the PtERV1 virus is long - extinct .
Researchers had to pick through hundreds of different mutated versions of the virus genome found in chimp and gorilla DNA to work out what the intact virus genome probably would have looked like .
Then they put part of that genome into a virus capable of reproducing only once , and used it to try to infect some cells .
Cells with the particular human protein shrugged off this threat , but those without it were infected .
But Dr Emerman also stumbled upon a less obvious finding .
He thought that by changing a critical patch of human TRIM5 alpha protein , so that it was like the version made by early humans , he would render it ineffective against PtERV1 .
That all went to plan .
But the same change also made human protein protective against HIV .
As it turned out , every primate TRIM5 alpha protein that he tested worked against either PtERV1 or HIV ( or neither ) — but never against both .
Thus by evolving a defence against PtERV1 , early humans left themselves wide open to the HIV pandemic 4 m years later .
This finding will not lead directly to any new treatment for HIV .
But it gives researchers another avenue to explore .
So far they have concentrated on getting drugs to tackle enzymes that are needed for the replication of HIV .
But as HIV grows increasingly resistant to those drugs new medicines may , just possibly , be created by turning this particular human protein into something more like that produced by monkeys .
That could potentially be achieved for a wealthy few using an unproven technology called gene therapy .
More practically , a molecule that either mimics the monkey protein , or that binds the monkey sort to the human protein , and so makes it able to recognise HIV , could show the way to future teatments .
This is the most lawless war of our generation .
All wars of aggression lack legitimacy , but no conflict in recent memory has witnessed such mounting layers of illegality as the current one in Somalia .
Violations of the UN charter and of international humanitarian law are regrettably commonplace in our age , and they abound in the carnage that the world is allowing to unfold in Mogadishu , but this war has in addition explicitly violated two UN security council resolutions .
To complete the picture , one of these resolutions contravenes the charter itself .
The complete impunity with which Ethiopia and the transitional Somali government have been allowed to violate these resolutions explains the ruthlessness of the military assaults that have been under way for six weeks now .
The details of the atrocities being committed were formally acknowledged by a western government for the first time when Germany , which holds the current EU presidency , had its ambassador to Somalia , Walter Lindner , write a tough letter - made public on Wednesday - to Somalia 's president , Abdullahi Yusuf .
The letter condemned the indiscriminate use of air strikes and heavy artillery in Mogadishu 's densely populated areas , the raping of women , the deliberate blocking of urgently needed food and humanitarian supplies , and the bombing of hospitals .
This is a relentless drive to terrify and intimidate civilians belonging to clans from whose ranks fighters are challenging the occupation .
There was a time when security council resolutions were hallowed in most of the world , as for example resolution 242 demanding the return of occupied Palestine territory in exchange for peace .
But in our new world order , the powerful decide which UN resolutions are passed , and whether they need to be honoured .
So the United States , which was violating the UN arms embargo on Somalia , rushed through another resolution in December that it thought would better serve US goals - and then proceeded to violate that one as well .
The new resolution forbade neighbouring countries from being part of the regional peacekeeping force the security council authorised for Somalia ; but Ethiopia went much further and unilaterally invaded , with the covert assistance of the US - which also joined the war by bombing Somalia .
This December resolution actually contravened the charter itself , because it made the security council the aggressor and turned a clearly peaceful situation into war .
The resolution linked the Islamic Courts government to international terrorism and mandated peacekeeping force , on the basis of chapter VII of the UN charter , to address the " threat to international peace and security " that Somalia posed - when every independent account , including Chatham House 's on Wednesday , indicated that the country was experiencing its first peace and security since 1991 .
The resolution paved the way for the Ethiopian invasion that has led to the bitter conflict that many independent analysts , including those at a meeting in Addis Ababa organised by Ethiopia 's Inter - Africa Group , had warned would be the inevitable result .
A government imposed through force by arch enemy Ethiopia was never going to hold sway .
The long silence and the refusal even now to announce measures that might arrest this slaughter mark the lowest point in the big powers ' abdication of the " Responsibility to Protect " mandate - adopted , with British leadership , at a summit - level meeting of the security council two years ago .
The world 's most impoverished people are now being ripped to shreds with no effort whatsoever to get the perpetrators to desist .
A huge campaign must be launched to press western governments to end this slaughter , which is almost entirely the work of those in control of the country .
The European Union warned a month ago that war crimes might have been committed in an assault on the capital last month - in which the EU could be complicit because of its large - scale support for those accused of the crimes .
Human Rights
Watch has documented how Kenya and Ethiopia had turned this region into Africa 's own version of Guantánamo Bay , replete with kidnappings , extraordinary renditions , secret prisons and large numbers of " disappeared " : a project that carries the Made in America label .
Allowing free rein to such comprehensive lawlessness is a stain on all those who might have , at a minimum , curtailed it .
Work must begin to derail the astounding proposal from the United Nations secretary general , Ban Ki-Moon , which is to be discussed by the security council in mid-June .
He would like to mount a UN - sanctioned " coalition of the willing " to enforce peace and restore order in Somalia - in other words , the UN would help Ethiopia and the United States achieve what their own illegal military interventions have failed to accomplish : the entrenchment of a client regime that lacks any popular support .
Such an operation is unlikely to succeed in any event , but it could further threaten the turbulent Horn of Africa , which is already teetering on the brink of chaos .
The Somali government is busy crying " al - Qaida " at every turn and offering lucrative deals to oil companies , in a bid to entice greater western support .
But this war was lost long ago .
In turning to the arch enemy Ethiopia , the transitional government 's fate was sealed : the nation will not abide an Ethiopian - US occupation .
Only a political solution will resolve this crisis .
Africa must step up to the plate and show spine and leadership in a drive to protect its civilians , and work with Europe and the UN to convince the US to swiftly terminate its latest destabilising adventure .
· Salim Lone , who was the spokesman for the UN mission in Iraq after the 2003 invasion , is a columnist for the Daily Nation in Kenya
salimlone@yahoo.com
Colin Powell 's Former Chief of Staff Lawrence Wilkerson Calls Pre-War Intelligence a " Hoax on the American People "
In an interview airing tonight on the PBS weekly newsmagazine NOW , Colin Powell 's former Chief of Staff Lawrence Wilkerson states that much of Powell 's landmark speech to the United Nations laying out the Bush Administration 's case for the Iraq war was false .
" I participated in a hoax on the American people , the international community , and the United Nations Security Council , " says Wilkerson , who helped prepare the address .
The NOW report , which airs days before the third anniversary of Powell 's speech , examines the serious doubts that existed about the key evidence being used by the American government at the very time Powell 's speech was being planned and delivered .
" I recall vividly the Secretary of State walking into my office . "
He said : ' I wonder what will happen if we put half a million troops on the ground in Iraq and comb the country from one end to the other and do n't find a single weapon of mass destruction ? ' "
In fact , no weapons of mass destruction were found in Iraq .
UPDATE : The transcript of Lawrence B. Wilkerson 's conversation with NOW 's host David Brancaccio .
The national meteorological agency had warned that a tsunami up to 1 m ( 3 ft ) in height could hit coastal areas .
Small waves reached the north - eastern coast of Hokkaido Island at 1452 ( 0552 GMT ) , about 90 minutes after the quake which had a magnitude of 8.2 .
There were no reported injuries or damage , officials said .
Meteorologists had warned of a tsunami up to 1 m ( 3 ft ) in height from 1400 local time .
However , as the appointed time passed , most areas said there had been no visible changes to the sea level .
Downgraded
The quake struck at 1324 ( 0424 GMT ) near the Kuril Trench which lies between northern Japan and Russia , the meteorological agency said .
Officials in 22 towns along Japan's Pacific coast issued evacuation orders for 85,000 coastal residents to flee to higher ground .
The agency downgraded the warnings to advisories , which were later cancelled , prompting municipalities to lift the evacuation orders .
The US - based Pacific Tsunami Warning Center issued a warning for Russia , Japan and Markus Island in the Pacific Ocean .
Hawaii , Taiwan and the Philippines were among a host of Pacific territories put on tsunami watch , a lower level of alert .
I love DIY .
I ’m completely awful at it , but as I ’m thrifty I ’d much rather do something myself than pay someone else three times as much to do it .
But here ’s the rub .
You can end up costing yourself more in the long run by doing it yourself .
So , I scoured the web looking for the obvious and not - so - obvious mistakes DIY addicts make and compiled this list .
( See also : DIY Home Improvement : 10 Free Options for Training and Advice . )
Mistake # 1 – Cheap tools , no tools , the wrong tools
You can start a job thinking you have all the right equipment , but hammering a nail in with the back of your shoe ai n’t gonna cut it .
Neither is that nifty saw you got in the $ 1 store with less teeth than your old gran .
Do yourself a favor .
If you ’re going to DIY , buy quality tools like the pros , and research your job fully so you have all the right tools for the particular job at hand .
Mistake # 2 – The Superman ( or Wonder woman ) syndrome
You ever meet one of those people who could do everything better than you ?
They ’re the same people who think they can build an entire house in one weekend with no help from anyone else .
This is known as working beyond your scope .
If you ca n’t do plumbing , do n’t do plumbing .
If you ’re rotten with heights , avoid the roof .
Do n’t think that you can stand on tiptoes on the top rung of a rickety old ladder and think you ’ll always be safe .
One day you ’ll be telling your DIY story in the E.R. According to the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission , ladder mishaps land over 164,000 people in the Emergency Room each year .
So , if electrical work happens to be your Kryptonite , steer clear .
Mistake # 3 – “ Permits ?
What Permits ? "
Permits are n’t there to just be a pain in your butt .
They have a real purpose , and it ’s in your best interest .
Those folks in the permit office are there to make sure the job is done right and that you do n’t go hurting yourself or anyone else .
They also ensure that when you do an improvement , your insurance carrier has the necessary paperwork to keep you covered .
Do n’t quite know if you need one ?
Well , unless you ’re just giving a lick of paint or new layer of paper to the guest room , chances are you ’ll need one .
If in any doubt , call your local building department .
Mistake # 4 – Saving a few too many bucks on materials
Like you know , I love a bargain .
But make sure you know where to draw the line .
¼ inch drywall may save you a fortune , but it ’s about as effective as a pair of curtains for soundproofing .
You ’ll need ¾ inch for a good sound barrier .
And flooring is the same story .
¾ plywood is your best friend when it comes to keep the noise down and giving you a strong foundation .
So , crack open the piggy bank .
Do the job once , do it right and do it with quality materials .
( Of course , if you can haggle over the cost of those materials , you ’re being a true Wise Bread shopper … go for it ) .
Mistake # 5 – Ummmmm , that ’s close enough
My pop is a great DIY dude .
He told me something that was not exactly original , but I never forgot it .
“ Measure twice , cut once . ”
And you know what I ’m talking about if you ’ve ever cut anything to length only to realize that you measured at 18 ¼ instead of 18 3/4 .
Bang .
Your money is down the drain .
So , always , always err on the side of making something a bit too long .
It ’s much easier to cut down than build up .
So , remember .
Measure twice , cut once on anything from drywall to plumbing pipes and crown molding .
Mistake # 6 – Duct tape for life
In my short DIY career , I ’ve done the occasional plumbing repair with duct tape .
It ’s handy stuff .
But it ’s not a repair , it merely buys you a little time .
If you ’re walking out of the door to catch a flight for your two weeks in Hawaii , duct tape could very well save your bacon .
But it ’s NOT permanent .
It WILL leak , as sure as night follows day .
So , get it fixed as soon as you possibly can .
And if plumbing is not your thing , get a pro to do it .
Water damage can cost thousands and thousands of dollars in repairs .
Mistake # 7 - Rushing the prep work before painting
When I first started painting my house , I jumped straight in .
Yippee .
But I spent more time cleaning up my many mistakes , spills , drips , runs and shoddy lines than I did painting .
Do yourself a favor , do the prep .
Clean your walls , patch up holes with good filler , and use a good painter ’s tape for windows , doors , ceiling lines and anything else that you do n’t want paint on .
Lay down a good quality tarp that you can use again , and set a primer on oil - based paint or dark walls you ’re painting a lighter color .
You ’ll thank yourself later .
Mistake # 8 – Any paint will do
Sorry , it wo n’t .
You do n’t want a flat paint on anything other than a ceiling ( put it in a kid ’s room and watch what happens when you try scrubbing off the crayon and marker pen ) .
Go for eggshell or satin finishes on interior walls , they can resist a lot of washing .
Exterior paint is clearly marked and weatherproof .
And for your deck , use a linseed - oil - based stain .
Unlike clear sealers ( which do n’t block UV rays ) the linseed stains drive the pigment deep into the wood and preserve it .
Mistake # 9 – What could possibly go wrong ?
How about everything ?
Safety is essential when working on any DIY project and even if you look like a dope , you need to wear the right equipment .
Safety goggles are vital when you operate power tools , and hard hats are equally as important when working under scaffolding .
If you ’re painting or using harsh chemicals , open a window or two to keep the area well ventilated .
If you ’re a big fan of those baggy carpenter jeans and old , loose t- shirts , you may want to re-think them .
Loose clothing can get caught up in power tools and machinery and the results are none too pretty .
Of course , wear a good pair of gloves for carrying wood , metal , rock or anything else sharp or abrasive .
If you ’re in the basement , follow the safety rules regarding spiders and other dangerous critters ( here in Colorado , Black Widows and Brown Recluses love basements … and one bite can do major damage ) .
Mistake # 10 – A little knowledge is a dangerous thing
A lot of folks just dive right in on home projects .
They ’ve seen a Bob Villa show or two , they rented a book from the library and they think they ’re good to go .
That is until the new addition collapses under their feet .
Do n’t start on your own projects by yourself , and do n’t start big .
If you know someone who happens to be good at this stuff , tag along .
They ’ll be happy for the extra pair of hands on their own project and you ’re getting valuable experience .
Places like Lowes and The Home Depot offer workshops .
Take them , they ’re fun and educational .
And when you eventually do start you own little remodeling project , listen to the voice of reason .
If you really do n’t feel 100 % sure about what you ’re doing , step back .
You do n’t want to knock through a supporting wall and end up in traction .
So , those are the big 10 , in my humble opinion .
I ’m sure many of you have more tips , please feel free to post them here .
Keith pulled no punches and launched another smack down on Bush and FOX News ...
Download - WMV Download - QT
And finally tonight , a Special Comment about President Clinton 's interview .
The headlines about them are , of course , entirely wrong .
It is not essential that a past President , bullied and sandbagged by a monkey posing as a newscaster , finally lashed back .
It is not important that the current President 's " portable public chorus " has described his predecessor 's tone as " crazed . "
Our tone should be crazed .
The nation 's freedoms are under assault by an administration whose policies can do us as much damage as Al - Qaeda ; the nation 's " marketplace of ideas " is being poisoned , by a propaganda company so blatant that Tokyo Rose would 've quit .
Nonetheless .
The headline is this : Bill Clinton did what almost none of us have done , in five years .
He has spoken the truth about 9/11 , and the current presidential administration .
" At least I tried , " he said of his own efforts to capture or kill Osama Bin Laden .
" That 's the difference in me and some , including all of the right - wingers who are attacking me now .
They had eight months to try ; they did not try .
I tried . "
Thus in his supposed emeritus years , has Mr. Clinton taken forceful and triumphant action for honesty , and for us ; action as vital and as courageous as any of his presidency ; action as startling and as liberating , as any , by anyone , in these last five long years .
The Bush Administration did not try to get Osama Bin Laden before 9/11 .
The Bush Administration ignored all the evidence gathered by its predecessors .
The Bush Administration did not understand the Daily Briefing entitled " Bin Laden Determined To Strike in U.S. "
The Bush Administration ... did ... not ... try .---
Moreover , for the last five years one month and two weeks , the current administration , and in particular the President , has been given the greatest " pass " for incompetence and malfeasance , in American history !
President Roosevelt was rightly blamed for ignoring the warning signs -- some of them , 17 years old -- before Pearl Harbor .
President Hoover was correctly blamed for -- if not the Great Depression itself -- then the disastrous economic steps he took in the immediate aftermath of the Stock Market Crash .
Even President Lincoln assumed some measure of responsibility for the Civil War -- though talk of Southern secession had begun as early as 1832 .
But not this President .
To hear him bleat and whine and bully at nearly every opportunity , one would think someone else had been President on September 11th , 2001 -- or the nearly eight months that preceded it .
That hardly reflects the honesty nor manliness we expect of the Executive .
But if his own fitness to serve is of no true concern to him , perhaps we should simply sigh and keep our fingers crossed , until a grown - up takes the job three Januarys from now .
Except ... for this :
After five years of skirting even the most inarguable of facts -- that he was President on 9/11 and he must bear some responsibility for his , and our , unreadiness , Mr. Bush has now moved , unmistakably and without conscience or shame , towards re-writing history , and attempting to make the responsibility , entirely Mr. Clinton's .
Of course he is not honest enough to do that directly .
As with all the other nefariousness and slime of this , our worst presidency since James Buchanan , he is having it done for him , by proxy .
Thus , the sandbag effort by Fox News , Friday afternoon .
Consider the timing :
The very same weekend the National Intelligence Estimate would be released and show the Iraq war to be the fraudulent failure it is -- not a check on terror , but fertilizer for it !
The kind of proof of incompetence , for which the administration and its hyenas at Fox need to find a diversion , in a scapegoat .
It was the kind of cheap trick which would get a journalist fired -- but a propagandist , promoted :
Promise to talk of charity and generosity ; but instead launch into the lies and distortions with which the Authoritarians among us attack the virtuous and reward the useless .
And do n't even be professional enough to assume the responsibility for the slanders yourself ; blame your audience for " e- mailing " you the question .
Mr. Clinton responded as you have seen .
He told the great truth un - told ... about this administration 's negligence , perhaps criminal negligence , about Bin Laden .
He was brave .
Then again , Chris Wallace might be braver still .
Had I -- in one moment surrendered all my credibility as a journalist -- and been irredeemably humiliated , as was he , I would have gone home and started a new career selling seeds by mail .
The smearing by proxy , of course , did not begin Friday afternoon .
Disney was first to sell - out its corporate reputation , with " The Path to 9/11 . "
Of that company 's crimes against truth one needs to say little .
Simply put : someone there enabled an Authoritarian zealot to belch out Mr. Bush 's new and improved history .
The basic plot - line was this : because he was distracted by the Monica Lewinsky scandal , Bill Clinton failed to prevent 9/11 .
The most curious and in some ways the most infuriating aspect of this slapdash theory , is that the Right Wingers who have advocated it -- who try to sneak it into our collective consciousness through entertainment , or who sandbag Mr. Clinton with it at news interviews -- have simply skipped past its most glaring flaw .
Had it been true that Clinton had been distracted from the hunt for Bin Laden in 1998 because of the Lewinsky nonsense -- why did these same people not applaud him for having bombed Bin Laden 's camps in Afghanistan and Sudan on August 20th of that year ?
For mentioning Bin Laden by name as he did so ?
That day , Republican Senator Grams of Minnesota invoked the movie " Wag The Dog . "
Republican Senator Coats of Indiana questioned Mr. Clinton 's judgment .
Republican Senator Ashcroft of Missouri -- the future Attorney General -- echoed Coats .
Even Republican Senator Arlen Specter questioned the timing .
And of course , were it true Clinton had been " distracted " by the Lewinsky witch - hunt -- who on earth conducted the Lewinsky witch - hunt ?
Who turned the political discourse of this nation on its head for two years ?
Who corrupted the political media ?
Who made it impossible for us to even bring back on the air , the counter - terrorism analysts like Dr. Richard Haass , and James Dunegan , who had warned , at this very hour , on this very network , in early 1998 , of cells from the Middle East who sought to attack us , here ?
Who preempted them ... in order to strangle us with the trivia that was ...
" All Monica All The Time " ?
Who ... distracted whom ?
This is , of course , where -- as is inevitable -- Mr. Bush and his henchmen prove not quite as smart as they think they are .
The full responsibility for 9/11 is obviously shared by three administrations , possibly four .
But , Mr. Bush , if you are now trying to convince us by proxy that it's all about the distractions of 1998 and 1999 , then you will have to face a startling fact that your minions may have hidden from you .
The distractions of 1998 and 1999 , Mr. Bush , were carefully manufactured , and lovingly executed , not by Bill Clinton ... but by the same people who got you ... elected President .
Thus instead of some commendable acknowledgment that you were even in office on 9/11 and the lost months before it ... we have your sleazy and sloppy rewriting of history , designed by somebody who evidently redd the Orwell playbook too quickly .
Thus instead of some explanation for the inertia of your first eight months in office , we are told that you have kept us " safe " ever since -- a statement that might range anywhere from Zero , to One Hundred Percent , true .
We have nothing but your word , and your word has long since ceased to mean anything .
And , of course , the one time you have ever given us specifics about what you have kept us safe from , Mr. Bush -- you got the name of the supposedly targeted Tower in Los Angeles ... wrong .
Thus was it left for the previous President to say what so many of us have felt ; what so many of us have given you a pass for in the months and even the years after the attack :
You did not try .
You ignored the evidence gathered by your predecessor .
You ignored the evidence gathered by your own people .
Then , you blamed your predecessor .
That would be the textbook definition ...
Sir , of cowardice .
To enforce the lies of the present , it is necessary to erase the truths of the past .
That was one of the great mechanical realities Eric Blair -- writing as George Orwell -- gave us in the novel " 1984 . "
The great philosophical reality he gave us , Mr. Bush , may sound as familiar to you , as it has lately begun to sound familiar to me .
" The Party seeks power entirely for its own sake .
We are not interested in the good of others ; we are interested solely in power ...
" Power is not a means ; it is an end .
" One does not establish a dictatorship to safeguard a revolution ; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship .
" The object of persecution , is persecution .
The object of torture , is torture .
The object of power ... is power . "
Earlier last Friday afternoon , before the Fox ambush , speaking in the far different context of the closing session of his remarkable Global Initiative , Mr. Clinton quoted Abraham Lincoln 's State of the Union address from 1862 .
" We must disenthrall ourselves . "
Mr. Clinton did not quote the rest of Mr. Lincoln 's sentence .
He might well have .
" We must disenthrall ourselves -- and then ... we shall save our country . "
And so has Mr. Clinton helped us to disenthrall ourselves , and perhaps enabled us , even at this late and bleak date ... to save ... our ... country .
---
The " free pass " has been withdrawn , Mr. Bush ...
You did not act to prevent 9/11 .
We do not know what you have done , to prevent another 9/11 .
You have failed us -- then leveraged that failure , to justify a purposeless war in Iraq which will have , all too soon , claimed more American lives than did 9/11 .
You have failed us anew in Afghanistan .
And you have now tried to hide your failures , by blaming your predecessor .
And now you exploit your failure , to rationalize brazen torture -- which does n't work anyway ; which only condemns our soldiers to water - boarding ; which only humiliates our country further in the world ; and which no true American would ever condone , let alone advocate .
And there it is , sir :
Are yours the actions of a true American ?
I 'm K.O. , good night , and good luck .
More than a quarter of children in English secondary schools are clinically obese , almost double the proportion a decade ago , and an official survey released yesterday also showed that girls were suffering more than boys from a crisp and chocolate - fuelled life of too much eating and too little exercise .
Colin Waine , chairman of the National Obesity Forum , said that the figures showed a " public health timebomb " in the making : children who were obese in their early teens were twice as likely to die by age 50 , he said .
Researchers measured the height and weight of 11 - 15 year olds , and found 26.7 % of girls and 24.2 % of boys qualified as obese - nearly double the rate in 1995 .
Among children aged 2 - 10 , 12.8 % of girls and 15.9 % of boys weighed above the obesity threshold - also well up on 10 years before .
The figures , based on 2,000 children , come from the National Health Survey for 2004 , and have alarmed doctors as well as casting doubt on the government 's ability to achieve its target to halt the rise in childhood obesity .
Amanda Eden , care adviser at Diabetes UK , said : " We will soon be seeing our children growing up losing limbs and becoming blind , as they develop the serious complications of having the condition .
A firmer line needs to be taken to force the food industry to adhere to foodlabelling guidelines , so people know what 's in the food they buy .
" They also need to ban junk food advertising to kids , and find more ways of encouraging people to exercise . "
The increase in obesity accelerated sharply in 2004 , especially among girls , the survey said .
Figures for the 11 - 15 age group showed the proportion of obese girls grew from 15.4 % in 1995 to 22.1 % in 2003 .
But in 2004 it shot up to 26.7 % .
Over the same period , the proportion of girls who were overweight , but not enough to qualify as obese , increased from 12.6 % to 14.8 % .
In 2004 a total of 46 % of girls and 30.5 % of boys were either overweight or obese .
A report by the National Audit Office in February said that the government would fail to halt the rise in obesity without clearer leadership from the top .
The target of stopping the rise by 2010 had been set in 2004 , but plans to change children 's diet and exercise at school and home had hardly got off the starting blocks , it said .
Caroline Flint , the public health minister , said yesterday : " We have taken huge steps forward and are starting to change attitudes through the Five A Day campaign , the school fruit scheme , and more investment in school food and sport . "
However , she added that the government recognised that it needed to do more to meet the target .
Prof Waine said that the latest obesity figures were disturbing .
" This is serious news , because obesity in adolescence is associated with the premature onset of Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases .
" It really augurs very badly for the future health of the population as these children move from adolescence to adulthood .
We are in danger of raising a generation of people who have a shorter life expectancy than their parents . "
He said that increased inactivity among children , such as not walking or cycling to school , coupled with more " energy dense foods " was fuelling the crisis .
" Being obese at adolescence increases the cancer risk by 21 % for girls and 14 % for boys .
" In my youth , playing cricket and tennis were the norm .
These have now been replaced by watching television and playing video games . "
The survey also found that the obesity rate among adults had risen to 24 % , in spite of people exercising more and eating more fruit and vegetables .
The proportion of men eating at least five portions of fruit and vegetables a day increased from 22 % in 2001 to 24 % in 2004 , while the figure for women went up from 25 % to 27 % .
However , more men gave up smoking than women , and in 2004 there were for the first time more women smokers ( 23 % ) than there were men ( 22 % ) .
Andrew Lansley , the shadow health secretary , said : " In the last decade , British children have got fatter faster than anywhere else in western Europe .
We are at risk of an epidemic of vascular diseases as a result .
We need active and competent , cross - governmental measures , and we need them now . "
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - Noncommercial - Share Alike 3.0 License
During my 19 - odd years working in the music industry , I 've collected ( in my head ) many jokes .
I have favorites , like " How do you know when a drummer 's at the door ?
When he knocks , he speeds up , " and ( one I wrote myself ) " How many music industry executives does it take to screw in a light bulb ?
One to hold the bulb , one to hold the ladder , and forty on the guest list . "
But in thinking about them now , many seem dated .
I think it 's time for some new jokes reflecting today 's music industry .
So , I present :
Modern Music Industry Lightbulb Jokes
Q . How many major label executives does it take to screw in a light bulb ?
A . One to hold the bulb and another to shoot him in the foot .
Q . How many filesharers does it take to screw in a light bulb ?
A. Technically just two , but the more there are the better it works .
Q . How many hardware manufacturers does it take to screw in a light bulb ?
A . Why is everyone still using light bulbs when we 're promoting what we thought was a light bulb - killer ?
Q. How many bloggers does it take to screw in a light bulb ?
A . One to screw in the bulb , another to point out that he ripped off his technique from someone else , another to write about the " long tail " phenomenon of niche bulbs , another to write about the obsolecense of the old bulb distribution model , and others to submit links to Reddit , Digg , Slashdot and BoingBoing .
Q . How many consumers does it take to screw in a light bulb ?
A. None -- they 'd like to , but they 're stymied by incompatible screw - resistant bulb formats .
Q . How many indie musicians does it take to screw in a light bulb ?
A . They used to need help , but now they can do it by themselves !
Well , they will be able to soon .
Mostly .
Maybe .
Q. How many MySpace musicians does it take to screw in a light bulb ?
A. BULLETIN : We 're going to screw in a bulb !
BULLETIN : We 're screwing in a bulb !
BULLETIN : We 're still screwing in a bulb -- come watch !
BULLETIN : We just screwed in a bulb !
BULLETIN : Vote for us in the bulb - screwing contest !
BULLETIN : Read our friend 's review of us screwing in a bulb !
BULLETIN : NEW PHOTOS of the bulb we just screwed in !
Q . How many songwriters does it take to screw in a light bulb ?
A. Just one , but she has to work for 9.1 cents a bulb , or less if it 's subject to a controlled - screwing clause .
Q . How many music publishers does it take to screw in a light bulb ?
A. Two in the U.S. , you 'll have to deal with our co-publishers for other countries , and of course you 'll have to license the bulb separately .
Or : None , the Harry Fox Agency does that for them .
Q. How many DRM - creators does it take to screw in a light bulb ?
A . It takes a well - staffed company several months to screw in the bulb , and one 16 - year - old a couple of days to unscrew it .
Q. How many ASCAP or BMI employees does it take to screw in a light bulb ?
A . They screw millions of bulbs every day , but somehow when it comes to your bulbs , there 's no record of any activity .
Q . How many chart - makers does it take to screw in a light bulb ?
A. I do n't know , what does SoundScan say ?
Q . How many content industry lobbyists does it take to screw in a light bulb ?
A. Some to argue that the bulb is a mechanical , others to argue that the screwing is a performance , others to argue that the socket - maker should pay a royalty per socket , others to join forces with socket - makers to draft interoperability guidelines , others to lobby for statutory protection from falling bulb prices , others to educate legislators on the harm to American business interests from unfair foreign bulb policies , and . . . oh , wait , no one 's using light bulbs anymore .
Explosives officers discovered the fuel and nails attached to a " potential means of detonation , " inside the vehicle .
Officers " courageously " disabled the trigger by hand , he said .
Security sources told CNN that the " relatively crude device " in the first car contained at least 200 liters , or about 50 gallons , of fuel in canisters .
You know what you call a vehicle with 50 gallons of gas ?
A Cadillac Escalade .
The media meltdown over this incident is simply shameful .
For starters , gasoline is not a high explosive .
If we were talking 50 pounds of Semtex or the Al Qaeda standby , TATP , I would be impressed .
Those are real high explosives with a detonation rate in excess of 20,000 feet per second .
Gasoline can explode ( just ask former owners of a Ford Pinto ) but it is first and foremost an incediary .
If the initial reports are true , the clown driving the Mercedes was a rank amateur when it comes to constructing an Improvised Explosive Device aka IED .
Unlike a Hollywood flick the 50 gallons of gas would not have shredded the Mercedes into lethal chunks of flying shrapenal .
The fact that " officers courageously disabled the trigger by hand " coupled with the report of the smoke in the car leads me to believe that the mad London " bomber " tried to construct a Molotov cocktail of sorts and lit a cloth fuze .
Fortunately he left the windows in the car up and there was not enough oxygen to really get the fire going .
Looks like the brave British police reached in and snuffed the flame .
Judging from the overreaction to this non-incident I think we can safely conclude that Osama Bin Laden will remain holed up in Pakistan and let the fear mongers at CNN , MSNBC , and FOX do the dirty business of scaring the shit out of people .
Update [ 2007-6-29 17:42:38 by L C Johnson ] : I will be on Countdown with Keith Olbermann tonight , probably in the fourth segment .
Update [ 2007-6-29 18:35:0 by L C Johnson ] : UPDATE : Ahh , the panic continues .
Yuppie terrorists are on the loose .
Now we 're being told there are two cars ( both Mercedes I might add ) with a Rube Goldberg contraption consisting of propane tanks , some petrol , a light bulb ( or maybe light bulb filaments ) , etc .
A propane tank explosion makes a hell of a noise but does not create widespread shrapnel dispersion .
Busted eardrums and broken glass are more likely .
Getting these tanks to explode is difficult .
The ones I have witnessed occurred when a house under construction caught on fire .
But there is nothing in two 25lb propane tanks inside a Mercedes that will detonate with sufficient force to shred the automobile and send hundreds to meet their Allah , God , Buddha , or whatever .
Still a crock of hype and over - reaction .
Let the police do their job .
Investigate the culprits and get these nitwits out of circulation before they harm themselves .
Belching from smokestacks , tailpipes and even forest fires , soot — or black carbon — can quickly sully any snow on which it happens to land .
In the atmosphere , such aerosols can significantly cool the planet by scattering incoming radiation or helping form clouds that deflect incoming light .
But on snow — even at concentrations below five parts per billion — such dark carbon triggers melting , and may be responsible for as much as 94 percent of Arctic warming .
" Impurities cause the snow to darken and absorb more sunlight , " says Charlie Zender , a climate physicist at the University of California , Irvine .
" A surprisingly large temperature response is caused by a surprisingly small amount of impurities in snow in polar regions . "
Zender , physicist Mark Flanner and other colleagues built a model to examine how soot impacts temperature in the Arctic and Antarctic regions .
Temperatures in the northern polar region have already risen by 1.6 degrees Celsius ( 2.88 degrees Fahrenheit ) since the dawn of the Industrial Revolution .
The researchers incorporated information on soot produced by burning fossil fuels , wood and other biofuels , along with that naturally produced by forest fires and then checked their model predictions against global measurements of soot levels in polar snow from Sweden to Alaska to Russia and in Antarctica as well as in nonpolar areas such as the Tibetan Plateau .
The researchers also took into account the natural darkening of snow as it ages .
" The larger crystals eat the smaller ones and get larger , and that means they get darker and absorb more sunlight , '' Zender explains .
" When soot is there it heats the snow .
It acts like a little toaster oven . "
Whereas forest fires contribute to the problem — the effect noticeably worsens in years with widespread boreal wildfires — roughly 80 percent of polar soot can be traced to human burning , adding as much as 0.054 watt of energy per square meter of Arctic land , according to the research published this week in the Journal of Geophysical Research .
When the snow melts , it exposes dark land below it , further accelerating regional warming .
" Black carbon in snow causes about three times the temperature change as carbon dioxide in the atmosphere , " Zender says .
" The climate is more responsive to this than [ to ] anything else we know . "
He argues that simple steps , such as fully burning fossil fuels in more efficient engines and using cleaner - burning cooking stoves , could help preserve the dwindling Arctic snow cover and ice ( see video here ) .
Even changing the timing of such soot emissions could play a role .
" If you have to burn dirty fuel , you can do it in the fall or winter " when it will be buried under subsequent snowfall , Zender says .
" If you can time your emissions so they have the least impact then you will not trigger these very sensitive regions to start warming by this ice albedo feedback process . "
Unfortunately , the soot problem extends beyond snow , he says , noting that similar studies are needed to assess how the smut affects the melting of sea ice .
That meltdown may be the impetus for an accelerating doom as it opens up shipping lanes previously blocked by ice in the Arctic Sea .
" Those ships are great emitters of soot , " Zender points out , adding that , " putting a locally heavy source in the Arctic in the early spring , " is virtually guaranteed " to polish off the summer sea ice . "
Kirk Fordham , who worked as Foley 's chief of staff for 10 years , returned to Foley 's side to advise him during the past couple of days .
" He has the ability to look forward and see how things play out , " Fordham said .
" He wanted to do what was right for his family and for his district . "
On Friday afternoon , a strategist for Rep. Mark Foley tried to cut a deal with ABC's Brian Ross .
The correspondent , who had dozens of instant messages that Foley sent to teenage House pages , had asked to interview the Florida Republican .
Foley 's former chief of staff said the congressman was quitting and that Ross could have that information exclusively if he agreed not to publish the raw , sexually explicit messages .
" I said we 're not making any deals , " Ross recalls .
He says the Internet made the story possible , because on Thursday he posted a story on his ABC Web page , the Blotter , after obtaining one milder e-mail that Foley had sent a 16 - year - old page , asking for a picture .
Within two hours , former pages had e-mailed Ross and provided the salacious messages .
The only question then , says Ross , was " whether this could be authenticated . "
Reading the first set of e-mails made me uneasy .
My friends who knew Mark and I got on the phone and wondered aloud why he would ask a high school kid for a picture . . .
Where was the Republican leadership over the past year ?
They knew of Mark ’s inappropriate e-mails to a former page but never informed Democratic leaders so they could warn those pages they had brought to Washington .
How could the Speaker of the House not remember being told by the Chairman of the Republican Congressional Committee that Foley had been confronted with his inappropriate emails to a male intern ?
Does this happen so often in Congress that it was no big deal to Denny Hastert ?
WASHINGTON TIMES ON TUESDAY WILL CALL FOR SPEAKER HASTERT'S RESIGNATION , NEWSROOM SOURCES TELL DRUDGE ... DEVELOPING ... ' House Speaker Dennis Hastert must do the only right thing , and resign his speakership at once ' -- Washington Times , October 3 , 2006 ...
It has been reported , by Michael Crowley among others , that Mark Foley 's former Chief of Staff , Kirk Fordham , is currently the Chief of Staff for NRCC Chairman Tom Reynolds .
And it has also been reported by The Palm Beach Post ( h/t John Aravosis ) that when the Foley story first broke ( when just the e-mails , but not the IMs , were to be released ) , Fordham was " loaned " by Reynolds to Foley to give him advice on how to handle the crisis :
Why is that so significant ?
Because of this report today by Howard Kurtz :
If , as appears highly likely , the " former chief of staff " who tried to cut this deal for Mark Foley is Kirk Fordham , then it means that Tom Reynolds ' current Chief of Staff tried to suppress the release of the IMs by ABC and thereby deprive the American public of learning about the extent of Foley 's conduct .
That is the very definition of " cover -up . "
And if it was n't Fordham himself who did the negotiating with ABC , did he know ( while advising Foley on the scandal ) about the effort made on behalf of Foley to ensure those IMs never saw the light of day ?
Was Tom Reynolds ' current chief of staff actively attempting to suppressing this critical information from being reported or involved in any way in that effort ?
It seems like those questions ought to be posed to Tom Reynolds and Kirk Fordham right away ( h/t AL ) . :
It is hard to see how Denny Hastert can possibly remain as Speaker when people like Michael Reagan are demanding his resignation , while people like Joe Scarborough -- who has been a friend of Foley 's ever since they entered Congress together in 1994 -- are saying things like this :
The most frivolous claim being advanced is that the e-mails which the entire GOP leadership knew about were totally innocuous and should not have prompted an investigation even though , in those e-mails , Foley asked the page to send a picture of himself , talked admiringly about what " good shape " another underage page was in , and asked the page what he wanted for his birthday .
Hastert 's first interview since this scandal began is here , with CNN .
He really just seems exhausted , beaten , and even resigned .
He dismissively shrugs off the reporter 's incredulous question as to how he could simply forget reports from Rep .
Reynolds that a 53 - year - old Congressman was sending inappropriate emails to a 16 - year - old page , and speculates that perhaps he forget about it because Reynolds mentioned it in passing along with a half - dozen or dozen other " campaign " items .
This story really can't end unless and until Hastert resigns . :
It 's been brewing for awhile now , but I think the Bush movement is entering full - blown implosion mode .
Even Michelle Malkin is excoriating Republicans , including Tony Snow , who are " inclined to pooh - pooh Foley 's behavior and carry on about Barney Frank instead . "
She approvingly publishes an e-mail from a reader in Oklahoma who agrees with her and who said that he forbade his daughter to accept an offer to be a page because he " would n't expose her to those people . "
He also ominously says : " If this crap continues we the people are going to have to take matters in our own hands .
" And then there is the outburst today from numerous right - wing bloggers vowing that they will not vote for the Republicans in November , with some even committing to vote for Democrats * , because Republicans have abandoned all of the " principles " that got them so excited in the first place .
The straw that broke the Bush followers ' back today is this truly bizarre statement from Bill Frist that the U.S. military is incapable of defeating the Taliban in Afghanistan and should therefore invite the Taliban to join the government we are over there defending ( though Frist is now trying , not too successfully , to retract the comments , claiming that they were taken out of context ) .
For the most insightful comment on all of this , I think it is necessary to return to Joe Scarborough 's commentary , who referred to the GOP as " Mark Foley ’s party . "
Five weeks before the election , the Republicans have indeed become the party of Mark Foley and it is a party whose leaders protected and defended Foley and , even now , seek to minimize his conduct .
Whether justified or not , there has to be some degree of discomfort -- and even shame -- with associating oneself with that brand .
Every time the Republican Party is mentioned , it evokes images of Mark Foley 's IMs and the party leaders who concealed his activities .
That can't be very good for energizing the base , and it is clearly fueling serious fissures at the worst possible time ( for them ) . (*
The Commissar , whose post I linked to above as one of the right - wing bloggers vowing to vote Democratic , noted in comments ( and also by e-mail ) that his announcement had nothing to do with the Frist statement , but instead was motivated by what he describes as " Bush & Rummy and the bungled war in Iraq . "
From his post : " Iraq is totally hopeless .
Today , now , it is beyond any rational expectation of recovery " ) . : John Aravosis says that he has now " confirmed " the story above -- that it was indeed Rep. Reynolds ' Chief of Staff , Kirk Fordham , who tried on behalf of Mark Foley to convince ABC to suppress the IMs .
For the reason I explained above , I think this is a huge revelation .
It means that the Chief of Staff for the current NRCC Chair , a key GOP House leadership position , tried on behalf of Foley -- after he knew of the IMs -- to block the public from learning about the IMs by offering ABC an exclusive interview with Foley in exchange for ABC 's agreement to conceal those messages .
That means that the top aide to one of the Republican House leaders , as recently as last Friday , tried to suppress the most incriminating and important facts regarding this scandal .
Is n't that the very definition of " cover - up " ? :
Drudge just put up a screaming headline , complete with the whole melodramatic multi-color siren bit , which reads :
If Drudge ( who last night was blaming the 16 - year - old pages for Foley 's conduct ) and The Washington Times are now on the " Fire Hastert " train , it 's hard to see him lasting more than a week .
I actually think the best thing that could happen for Republicans would be for Hastert to resign sooner rather than later , although they then would be faced with the very serious problem that the next in line , Rep .
Boehner , is quite implicated in all of this also .
It seems like a safe bet that while the top level of the GOP House leadership is focused on saving themselves , the next level down is focused on which new jobs will be up for grabs . : John Cole has a truly superb post on the Foley matter and the unfolding Republican demise .
Nitpick if you wish with some of the words he uses , but he really does capture the essential truth of this whole matter .
A few months ago , Arizona passed a statewide comprehensive smoking ban in all work places and public gathering spaces excepting those that earn 51 % or more of their revenue from tobacco .
Essentially , as of May first , it will be illegal to smoke in public in Arizona , except on the sidewalk ( away from bus stops ) , in your own car , in a private club , or at a smoke shop .
My wife and I went to a casual Mexican restaurant in Scottsdale for lunch today ; and when we asked to be seated they asked us the normal question , “ Smoking or Non-Smoking ” .
A bystander said “ Ahh no more smoking as of May first thank god ” .
I answered “ Non-Smoking ” , and then I turned to the gentleman who had spoken and said “ Well sir , I do n’t smoke , and I would prefer to not have people smoke around me , but this law is a bad thing ” .
The gentleman responded “ Why ’s that ? ”
“ Well sir ” I replied “ It ’s a violation of property rights ” .
“ Property rights ?
How can it be a violation of property rights .
I just do n’t want people smoking around me when I eat ” .
“ Sir , It ’s a question of self determination .
A private property owner should be able to determine on his own , whether people can smoke on his property or not .
If the government can tell you that people ca n’t smoke on your private property , they can tell you anything ”
“ Ok ” he replied “ I understand what you ’re saying and I agree with it as far as it goes ; but I do n’t want people smoking around me ” .
“ Well sir , then you should choose non-smoking sections ” I countered .
“ I do ; but why should I have to put up with other people smoking around me at all ? ” he asked ; seeming genuinely puzzled how I ( as a non-smoker ) could disagree with him .
“ Sir ” I politely and patiently explained “ It ’s not your property , it ’s not your decision ; or the governments for that matter .
If you do n’t want people smoking around you , you can always go to restaurants that do n’t allow smoking .
If it is profitable for restaurants to make such restrictions , then they will do so ” .
“ Some of them already do , and I do n’t see why they all should n’t ” .
At this point I ’d given up on the idea that the person could see the problem with what he was saying , but I gave it one more effort responding with “ Why should the government , or you for that matter sir , decide what a private property owner can do with his property ? ”
“ But smoking is bad .
I just do n’t like it .
I do n’t want people smoking near me ” ; was his final argument ( actually his first , final , and only argument ) .
He just did n’t get it .
He did n’t understand why the government should n’t step in and force a private property owner to do whatever HE personally wanted them to do .
He thought it was entirely reasonable that his preferences should be made into law , and should infringe on the rights of the property owner .
As far as he was concerned , because he did n’t want people smoking around him he ate , then no - one should ever be allowed to smoke in a restaurant .
As we were about to be seated I turned and made one final statement : “ Sir , d’you know what the most dangerous words in the English language are ?
‘ There oughta be a law ' ”
NEW ORLEANS ( Reuters ) - Louisiana will become the last U.S. state to outlaw cockfighting under a bill approved by the state legislature on Wednesday .
A file photo of Filipino handlers holding their roosters before a bout in Manila June 20 , 2003 .
Louisiana will become the last U.S. state to outlaw cockfighting under a bill approved by the state legislature on Wednesday .
REUTERS / Erik de Castro
The ban , which will take effect in August 2008 , follows a measure in New Mexico that outlawed cockfighting earlier this year .
Animal anti-cruelty groups in Louisiana have long sought a ban on the bloody sport , in which trained roosters battle , often to death .
But proponents of cockfighting managed to forestall a ban for years , defending the practice as an integral part of rural Louisiana culture .
Animal advocates hailed the vote as a triumph for Louisiana , much of which is still reeling from the devastation of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005 .
“ The whole country has been focused on Louisiana due to our massive rebuilding and recovery efforts , and no one wanted to see Louisiana blemished with the stigma of being the only state that still allowed such a brutal and inhumane practice , ” Laura Maloney , executive director of the Louisiana Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals , said in a written statement .
Much of the debate over the bill in this year ’s legislative session centered on whether to ban cockfighting immediately , which animal rights groups favored , or to allow a one - year delay to give those in the business time to sell their animals and equipment .
The impasse nearly scuttled the ban , which has widespread public support in Louisiana .
Lawmakers agreed to the one - year reprieve by a vote of 91 - 1 in the state House and unanimously in the Senate .
Legislators also approved a ban on gambling at cockfights that will take effect this summer , a move that could effectively end the sport much sooner than the 2008 .
Gov. Kathleen Blanco is expected to sign both bills in coming days .
Cute Haskell Code May 9 , 2007
For some recent supervision work on my Security lectures , I was given the task of decoding a string encrypted with a simple shift cipher .
This cipher , given a key , simply moves each letter on in the alphabet by an amount given by the key , wrapping at the end .
Being a good functional programmer , I decided to implement a brute force solver for this in Haskell , and I ’m rather pleased by the terseness of the result , so I felt compelled to share it .
import List( elemIndex )
cipherText = “ LUXDZNUAMNDODJUDTUZDGYQDLUXDGOJDCKDTKKJDOZ
” shift i x = ( cycle [ ‘ A ’..’ Z ’ ] ) !!( maybe ( error “ Bad character ” ++ ( show x ) ) ( + i ) ( elemIndex x [ ‘ A ’.. ’ Z ’ ] ) )
main = sequence_ ( map ( \i -> putStrLn $ map ( shift i ) cipherText ) [ 0..25 ] )
If you ignore the boilerplate , there ’s only two lines of actual code there :-) .
I happen to think it ’s rather understandable , though I ’d be interested to get the opinion of someone who is n’t a Haskell hacker on the veracity of that statement .
A hint you may need understanding it is that “ cycle a_list ” just returns the list which is “ a_list ” concatenated infinite times , and that “ !! ” is Haskells list indexing operator .
On this note , I saw an interesting blog post at retrospections the other day which compared the LOC count for a number of open source source control programs : Darcs ( Haskell ) and Mercurial ( Python ) were tied at 20 KLOC , with the next best being Bazaar - NG ( Python ) at 47KLOC .
Obviously this is n’t a strictly apples - to - apples comparison , though , so take it with a grain of salt !
J.M.'s company landed a contract to fix up a mid-sized university 's student ID card scanning system that had just finished being rolled out .
It was a few - year deployment process , first starting with the dormitories , then moving on to the copy machines , cafeteria , local businesses , and , finally , student events .
Unfortunately , it had n't been a very smooth ride , with the final straw being the original vendor giving the IT Director the choice of " 2 - 3 card scans " or " nightly batch scan processing . "
The director chose to bring in another company .
At first , the system did n't seem too bad : the software was all Java and the hardware consisted of a centralized server , a handful of node servers , and serial card scanners everywhere .
Well , it was n't all Java -- the programmers could n't seem to figure out how to use the Java serial library ( according the the comments in their code ) and instead decided to develop a library in C that opened the serial ports as files .
But really , writing your own serial routines in C is overlookable .
I mean , who has n't done that ?
The biggest problem was with the scans database .
For being all computerized , it worked slowly , taking about a second or two per scan .
When used at student events , it would take 3 - 5 seconds per scan , if it worked at all .
This was a bit of an issue .
I should note that , when I said " database " earlier , I actually meant a directory structure on the file system .
It was divided into three areas : security , balances , and transactions ...
/ text_files /security / doors /0001 ... 3040557 3040558 ... /0002 ... 3040559 ... ... / accounts / balances ... 3040557 3040558 3040559 ... / transactions ...
3040557.200501081004 3040557.200501081100 ...
Since a file named 3040557 is in the security / doors / 0001 folder , student # 3040557 was allowed to unlock the door with his card .
As you might also guess , her debit account balance was stored in / accounts / balances / and transactions would add a file to the appropriate directory for later processing .
To make the system work faster , the files were n't stored on the central server .
They were copied down nightly to each node server at locations around campus .
This added a lot of fun for the accountants , who had the pleasure of dealing with students who figured out that the system does n't debit until the next day .
But the real kicker was with the implementation of the copy machine scanners : they had the ability to communicate with XML .
The programmers really liked this , but their core software did n't talk in XML .
So , they decided to add some " middleware " between their software and the copier scanners .
This middleware , however , worked only one way ...
When a scan was received , the scanner would send XML to the middleware server .
This server , in turn , would send normal text data to the node server .
The node server would check the balance on disk and send a combination of bytes back to the scanner to activate it .
The scanner would then send an acknowledgement , in XML , back to the middle server , which would , in turn , send text data to the node server .
Communication continued in this manner throughout the transaction .
But thankfully , this story does have a good ending .
Although J.M's company only charged a fraction of the original software development costs , they completely rewrote the system using a fancy new thing called a " relational database " .
“ You do not want to give additional argument to new crazies who say , ‘ Let ’s go and bomb Iran , ’ ” Dr. ElBaradei said .
“ I wake up every morning and see 100 Iraqis , innocent civilians , are dying . ”
Dr. ElBaradei , who has urged Western powers to consider allowing Iran limited uranium enrichment on its own territory , is already facing criticism from Bush administration officials who say he should stick to monitoring Iran ’s nuclear program and leave diplomatic policy to the six countries that have banded together to confront Tehran ’s ambitions .
But several Western European officials echoed his concern , and said privately that they were worried that Mr. Cheney ’s “ red line ”  the point at which he believed Iran was on the brink of acquiring a nuclear weapon and a military strike was necessary  may be coming soon .
“ We fully believe that Foggy Bottom is committed to the diplomatic track , ” one European official said Wednesday , referring the State Department .
“ But there ’s some concern about the vice president ’s office . ”
Dr. ElBaradei told the BBC that one could not “ bomb knowledge . ”
Asked who the “ new crazies ” were , he said , “ Those who have extreme views and say the only solution is to impose our will by force . ”
Exactly one year ago on Friday , the United States , Russia , China , Britain , Germany and France offered a package of incentives to Iran if it stopped enriching uranium , which Iran maintains is for peaceful purposes but which the West believes is directed toward a nuclear weapons program .
Iran rejected the offer , and the United Nations Security Council has since passed two sets of sanctions aimed at forcing that country ’s governing religious leadership to change its mind .
Ms. Rice was the one who prodded Mr. Bush last year to offer to reverse 27 years of American policy and join European talks with Iran over its nuclear program , provided that Iran suspended its enrichment of uranium .
Some conservative hawks in the administration have privately expressed doubt that the diplomatic course would yield much .
Last week , the atomic energy agency issued a report detailing Iran ’s progress in enriching uranium , and said that Iran had 1,300 centrifuges running during a surprise inspection in May .
The report did say that Iran had fed only 260 kilograms of uranium hexafluoride into the machines for enrichment over the past few months , suggesting that the centrifuges were running quite slowly .
But American officials have nonetheless called the report “ alarming ” because Iran is closing in on the 3,000 centrifuges needed to make a nuclear bomb .
In the game a player manipulates a toy model of a guitar that uses buttons rather than frets to produce notes , which are color coded on the screen to match the buttons .
The music accompanies a rock song with the player simulating the experience of being onstage with the band .
The player can move up from an easy level to tougher tests until he reaches the expert level , which takes a high degree of expertise .
That Guitar Hero has appealed to real artists came as a bit of a surprise to the creators .
Alex Rigopulos , the chief executive of Harmonix , said he expected it would appeal mainly to “ those of us who want to experience what it feels like to play rock music . ”
But he said , “ We started getting all this fan mail from real artists . ”
Partly , the game simply touched the competitive streak in a lot of musicians .
Mr. Robertson said he had played against a “ really techy geek ” in a competition in Denver .
“ And he beat me . ”
That night Mr. Robertson invited his opponent to watch a Barenaked Ladies concert and he razzed him from the stage .
“ I bet you ca n’t come up here and try it with a real one , ” he said .
Artists also simply enjoy the experience of playing someone else ’s music .
Mr. Robertson said he was so excited to learn the Foo Fighters song “ Monkey Wrench ” that he went out and bought three of the band ’s CDs .
For MTV the expanding popularity of the game is fueling all kinds of ideas for future applications .
( One that already has emerged : The Guitar Hero wedding , with a competition at the reception . )
Mr. Toffler said MTV is looking into ways to adapt the game into its television programming .
One application that fits nicely is an inclusion of the game in the online “ virtual world ” MTV is building on shows like “ Laguna Beach . ”
Also , click " there 's more " below for MUCH more graphics and links , and there 's much more from our readers in the comment thread as well ... but you are likely to want to go to link noted above for the most recent coverage .
Here is a link to the first Cyclone Gonu Thread from yesterday .
Please put all new resources and insights here as of 7:30 am EDT 6/5 , but make sure to check out the first thread as well .
All tips and resources ( * and there are already many down there in the first thread , let 's replicate that here today in the second thread !
Thank you !*) welcome in the comment thread below .
If you have any insights , please email the editors box with the word GONU in the subject .
KAC / UCF and Chuck Watson are forecasting , based on their damage models , that the Qalhat ( Sur ) LNG terminal will be out for 20 - 30 days and the Mina al Fahal oil terminal will be down for 10 - 20 days -- all of this assuming they are built to US standards .
Newest Gonu thread created on the front page with newest information as of noon EDT on 6/7/07 -- the new link can be found by clicking here or you can also find it by going to the front page of TOD at theoildrum.com , we 'll have a link there for the foreseeable future that will take you to our most recent coverage !
Why might Cyclone Gonu matter ?
Well , that answer begins with the fact that the world production of petroleum plateauing around 85 mbbl / day , any slight blip in supply or exporting could be quite noticeable on the world markets .
A sizeable portion of the world 's petroleum exports go through the Gulf of Oman .
Particularly , Oman matters in this because it produces 743,000 bbl / day ; Oman is also a net exporter , non-OPEC , whose production peaked earlier in the decade .
( Thanks to Mike from Green Car Congress for the link . ) .
Of course , this storm also has the potential to affect Iran , UAE , India , and / or Pakistan for that matter -- mainly because of shipping disruptions , but there could be some real effects on infrastructure and assets depending on track and landfall .
There are also refining and other production assets in Southern Iran .
( One will note , as you explore the old comment thread that many of these possibilities are explored ... there 's a lot of material that we are still sorting through on Iran , shipping lanes , storm surge , etc . )
Resources :
The latest from Margie Kieper at Weather Underground :
This is sad -- the very area that I documented last night , at the extreme southeastern tip of Oman , is going to be the hardest hit area from Gonu .
The cyclone has moved slowly northwest during the day , approaching Oman , and the latest track has it making landfall right at the southeast corner that juts into the Arabian Sea , and then sliding along the coastline , up towards the capital , Musqat , and dissipating against the mountainous terrain .
So if the cyclone follows this track , all along the coastline winds will be onshore .
Microwave imagery from three hours ago confirms the remaining convection is strongest in the northwestern quad and right at that point of landfall .
And IR imagery shows the core of the hurricane just offshore ( although with what appears to be a slightly more northward movement , which would track it over water into the Gulf of Oman ) .
Earlier in the day from Margie Kieper and Steve Gregory ( on Jeff Masters ' blog ) over at Weather Underground :
The Storm surge shown ( 10 - 15 ft ) will almost certainly hit the Iran coast - even if the storm weakens to a strong CAT 2 late Tuesday ( NY time ) .
The Eastern tip of Oman will likely also experience 10 - 15 foot surge due to the close proximity of the storm track .
Further up the Gulf , before reaching the Straits of Hormuz - storm surge heights of 1 - 4 feet are expected on the Oman side , and 4 - possibly 6 feet on the Iranian side near the entrance to the Straits .
Significant wave heights will be 20 - 30 feet , dropping to 15 feet near the Straits .
This is an unprecedented event .
NO CYCLONE has ever entered the Gulf of Oman .
And there are no custom ' storm surge ' models available for that area .
This forecast is based on my experience and subjective analysis of the seabed slope and storm surge interaction with the sea floor .
Considering the region has never experienced a hurricane , let alone a strong one it is highly unlikely the loading facilities or platforms were constructed to withstand the forces - both wave action and wind force - that they will experience .
Significant , damage will occur .
How much long term damage , and the volumes associated with it - can not be determined at this time .
And here 's the latest projected track :
As for damage assessments , a tip of the hat to Kinetic Analysis Corporation ( affiliated with the University of Central Florida ) .
Early estimates of damage and tracking are available here ( Scroll down to Gonu ) .
Here 's a graphic :
KAC / UCF has also been kind enough to send us some graphics of the storm surge model with the current forecast :
Here 's a link to a map of land - based oil assets on the peninsula .
Regarding GONU ...
http://news.google.com/news?hl=en&ned=&q=gonu
Sorted by date ...
http://news.google.com/news?hl=en&ned=&q=gonu&ie=UTF-8&scoring=n
http://wwwa.accuweather.com/news-blogs.asp?blog=andrews&date=2007-06-04_...
-- I can say with confidence that this forecaster has never seen the likes of this
If you go here , and click
on the North Indian Ocean links , you can get a feel for how rare this is .
From 1995 on , no tropical storm of any strength ever reached the Persian Gulf .
http://tsr.mssl.ucl.ac.uk/
Google officially took its Google News service out of beta last week but save for the disappearance of the small word " beta " from the home page , few would have noticed the difference .
The service had been in beta since its launch in April 2002 ; many desktop software products go through an entire revision ( from 1.0 to 2.0 and beyond ) in less time .
Google News is n't the only service that stretched the idea of the beta test to the point where it is almost meaningless .
The line between beta and non-beta has blurred thanks to a combination of sly marketing and a change in the way software is used .
When companies spoke of beta tests in the past , everyone knew what they meant .
" It was a deal you did with a vendor .
They would give you access to something for free , and a very low upgrade fee for the final version , in return for you being patient with them and taking time to report on any issues , " says Gary Barnett , research director at research company Ovum .
" It presumed a certain level of testing . "
Usually , beta programs would be limited to a core group of power users who could be trusted to report bugs intelligently , and run for a defined time period .
The first company to break that use was arguably Netscape in March 1995 when it offered version 1.1 of its Navigator browser for download by anyone - while warning it was a " public beta enabling users to provider feedback ... on features and functionality " ahead of the full release " due in April " .
At least it offered an end date .
These days , the term is used much more loosely .
The Flickr photo site is still in beta nearly two years after its April 2004 launch .
Windows Live Local launched last July but is still tagged with the beta label .
But perhaps the honour of longest beta test goes to Google Groups , which launched in 2001 and is still in beta .
Many online service providers , including AOL , Skype and Yahoo , are offering beta services with no set time period and an unrestricted user base .
Forbidden fruit
Does this more liberal use of the term mean that our attitudes to software are changing , and if so , why ?
" The meaning of the term has been hijacked by marketing , " says Barnett .
Beta has become synonymous with new , shiny software that people want to try .
Being cut out of a beta test can seem frustrating , particularly with the internet and technologies such as BitTorrent making it so easy to get hold of those in - beta products that are being kept secret .
( Apple sued three people who distributed betas of its 10.4 operating system via BitTorrent in December 2004 . )
Equally , if beta tests last longer and are open to everyone , companies such as Google can squeeze more marketing value out of them .
But the reasons go deeper .
A beta culture is emerging across consumer technology services , not just in online applications like MSN Live Local and Google 's Gmail , but also in sites like the Wikipedia online encylopedia .
Its creator , Jimmy Wales , has defended attacks on its accuracy by calling it a work in progress , and the trusted , frozen version , " Wikipedia 1.0 " , he was promising as far back as 2004 has n't appeared yet .
Even traditional publishers are getting in on the act .
Technology publishing firm O'Reilly has launched Rough Cuts , a service that lets participants read online versions of books as they are written and suggest changes that can be incorporated into the final - printed - version .
Is this a trend ?
Put the words " online " and " trend " together nowadays and you know the term " Web 2.0 " will crop up somewhere .
O'Reilly 's chief , Tim O'Reilly , associates " perpetual betas " with the Web 2.0 concept , which he defines as a series of developments loosely tied together .
One of these developments is more online participation ; the more people contribute to something , the better it gets .
Putting out books in beta is a way of harnessing readers ' expertise , says Sara Winge , from O'Reilly .
" When the focus shifted from packaged software to services , the service is n't completed , it 's a process .
There 's an expectation that it 's going to change . "
Tim O'Reilly argues that a defining characteristic of this woolly movement is the end of the software release cycle .
Software becomes constantly upgraded , often on a daily or hourly basis , he says , and the users of the software become codevelopers .
So , we 're moving from a world where people could rely on post - beta 1.0 releases that would n't change without warning , to one in which software is constantly in flux , and this effect will become more acute .
Programming concepts such as Asynchronous Javascript and XML ( Ajax ) are creating new types of web applications that users can do more with .
Compare yesteryear 's websites to services such as Google Maps .
The former were click - and - wait HTML sites that were often painful to use .
The latter feels more like traditional desktop software .
People will begin doing more with these online applications , and storing more of their data there .
Take Google 's Gmail - another long - term beta product - as an example .
If the features and the code underlying online services are always changing , what does that mean for software quality and for continuity of service ?
" We 're telling users that this is a beta product and that you have to understand we are refining this product , so to that extent we can't provide guarantees , " says Andy Ku , Google 's UK marketing manager for consumer product .
In flux
He argues that the company first trials the product in an alpha phase with internal staff and an invitation - only group of external testers to weed out bugs .
But Google has already had to fix security flaws in its Gmail beta that allowed attackers to steal passwords and read email .
Clearly , " beta " still means " use at your own risk " .
Google protects itself by abdicating all responsibility in its Gmail terms and conditions , but so do providers of non-beta web applications , including Microsoft , with its rival Hotmail service .
" I do n't think we need to change the service level agreements if the product has already been very strong as a beta product , " says Ku .
So when an online service moves from beta to non-beta , nothing changes from the users ' perspective .
There are no additional guarantees , and the code underlying the service does n't freeze ; companies can change or add components whenever they feel like it .
Unless the software developer removes the word " beta " from the site , who would even know ?
Ku says that services move out of beta when certain criteria are met , but wo n't reveal them .
Keeping " codevelopers " in the dark does n't sound much like Web 2.0 to us .
And where is the feedback option - so important for any beta program - on the Gmail home page ?
The term " beta " will also collapse into irrelevance in downloadable software , predicts Chris Messina , who calls himself director of experience at Flock , a startup developing an open source browser .
Users of Microsoft products know that when software products move out of beta , users are flooded with security and quality patches in short order , meaning that version 1.0 is n't so much a magic milestone as just another point in a continual cycle of development .
" I see gradients of validity where for my mom I might wait until Flock gets to 0.8 before I install it for her , " Messina says .
" For friends who I like I 'll give them the development version that wo n't crash the system , and then for people I do n't like they can have the nightly builds .
So I think we 'll have three tracks . "
That attitude contrasts with firms such as Microsoft and Apple which still - at least publicly - put a lot of stock in 1.0 releases of downloadable software .
Will we see a gradual move towards a more fluid release cycle in downloadable software as we have done in web applications ?
If it happens , it will start with open source developers , many of whom are already developing in such a fluid way and releasing source code builds so quickly that the beta concept is rapidly losing meaning .
But there 's a trade - off .
The benefit of this trend is that our software will more closely mirror our needs as they change because developers can respond more quickly to our feedback , unfettered by code and feature freezes .
The danger is that it plunges users into uncertainty .
We wo n't be able to point to a single version of a piece of software and call it good , but will have to make do with uncertainty over varying degrees of readiness in features that also change constantly .
Still , in being vague and loosely defined , the Web 2.0 concept and the software underpinning it will at least have something in common .
Ready , steady , beta : the alpha jargon buster
Alpha
Alpha software is in an unfinished state , and not ready for testing .
At this stage , some of the features work most of the time , so it can be used for demonstrations to gullible journalists , and venture capitalists , and the developers will use it because the program manager makes them " eat their own dogfood " .
However , real users accept that an alpha could fall over at any time and do bad things to their hard drives , so it is never installed on production systems ( computers that do real work ) .
Well , you 'd deny it anyway .
Version denoted by ' a ' ( eg 0.1a ) .
Beta
Beta software has reached the stage where it can be used by outsiders .
They benefit from early access to ( free ) software that they may be planning to buy , and they give something back by finding and reporting bugs .
A program may go through many betas until it is " feature complete " and the developers stop adding new code .
A deadline may require a " death march " to finish the work .
Denoted by ' b ' ( 0.8 b ) .
Release candidate
When the beta testers can't find any more showstoppers ( flaws so big that the company can't ship the software ) or the developers can no longer face fixing them or the marketing team has booked loads of advertising , the developers create " release candidates " .
These versions should be good enough for " early adopters " to use , but they are still betas , so you can't charge for them .
Some programs go through RC1 , RC2 , RC3 ... so : 1.0 RC3 .
RTM
" Release to manufacturing " comes when the developers sign off the code and it is put on servers for public download , and / or despatched to the factory where " Golden Master " CDs or DVDs are replicated and stuffed in boxes with manuals and sent off to the distributor 's warehouses and high - street shops .
What was free may now cost £ 49 to £ 695 or more .
Developers have parties , shower , get reintroduced to their children , etc. Denoted by '.0 ' ( 1.0 )
Slipstreaming
No program is ever really finished , but extra code and bug fixes can be " slipstreamed " into the code , installed via irregular downloads , and bundled into " service packs " ( SP1 , SP2 .. ) .
Eventually , the code drifts to the point where the developers decide to do Version 2 , so they go back to the beginning and start again .
Are you ready for 2.0a ?
Jack Schofield
· If you 'd like to comment on any aspect of Technology Guardian , send your emails to tech@theguardian.com
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UTh0JhzWssw]
[ I’m CEO of Zooomr ]
Well yesterday felt kind of weird for me .
I think it was the first day in about 2 years that I did n’t upload any photos to Flickr .
I ’ve been a pretty fanatical user there uploading typically 5 to 10 photos every single day .
The last photo I uploaded there was on Thursday though and I have n’t uploaded another one since .
I ’m pissed at Flickr right now and so as much as I enjoy sharing my photos there I just did n’t feel like uploading any .
I ’m sure I ’ll upload photos there again , but maybe not until they work out this massive censorship problem with their site .
I think also for the first time this past week my feelings may have turned more personally bitter against the site .
Having people from Yahoo attack me and Zooomr anonymously in the blogosphere without disclosing their affiliation .
Being censored at Flickr yet again in a help forum .
The irony of having to look at a little “ Flickr Loves You ” bug at the top of my photo pages when it probably really should read “ Flickr Hates You ” in my case , etc .
It ’s weird , even though I decided to work on Zooomr , I ’ve always felt very good about Flickr and especially the people who work on Flickr before this past week .
Sure I ’ve been critical of Flickr , and I was critical of Flickr before joining Zooomr , but I always felt mostly positive about the site and service , especially from a user perspective .
Anyways , hopefully it was just a particularly rotten week and I ’ll feel differently soon .
But I probably wo n’t be uploading any more photos to the site until the censorship thing in Germany is fixed .
So back to the censorship in Germany thing .
It ’s actually beyond just Germany , but the latest update from Flickr staff is this :
“ The decision to change the Flickr experience in Germany was never about censorship – it was made to try to ensure that Yahoo !
Germany was in compliance with local legal restrictions .
In fact , we ’re all getting really uncomfortable that the words “ flickr ” and “ censorship ” are being jammed together with increasing frequency because that is _so far_ from the direction we ’re trying to move in . ”
There ’s a lot more to it than just this and you can read a lot more of the back and forth details on the situation at the official Flickr forum thread on the issue here .
There are almost 2800 comments ( minus my deleted and censored ones ) there now mostly from Germans who object to being treated like they are children and cannot see much of what is on Flickr — despite the fact that Flickr staff says that they do n’t want to treat them like children .
I dunno .
For what it ’s worth I ’m not buying the legal defense thing here .
I mean the censorship thing was turned on overnight .
Germany went from being uncensored one day to being censored the next .
Certainly Yahoo has lots of smart lawyers and I can’t believe that they were putting themselves in harms way for so long before this .
If I were Yahoo I ’d probably just revert Germany back to how it was before until they get their legal ducks in a row and then turn the German localization back on then .
I ’m sure it ’s not as simple as this , but I would think that the risk that they had before they flipped the localization switch really probably was n’t that great and that another month or so of that risk probably would n’t end up with anyone in jail until they can get whatever system plans they need to get worked out .
I seriously doubt that the German government would put anyone in jail in fact simply for offering an uncensored photo sharing site .
Maybe I ’m wrong and Yahoo got a letter or something from the German authorities threatening them .
But if this is the case if it were me I ’d make a letter like that public and use it to reinforce my position .
I also find it offensive that Flickr keeps trying to dismiss censorship .
In Flickr ’s current official response Heather Champ says that this issue with Germany was “ never about censorship , ” and yet it is censorship .
This is similar to official language used by Flickr before when they tried to argue that censorship on Flickr could not be considered censorship because we agree to terms of service on the site .
That ’s lame .
I think rather than trying to dismiss this as not being censorship when it very much is , Flickr should just say , yes , we ’re censoring Germany at the present time but would rather not be and are working on a way to get it fixed .
To try to dismiss that this is about censorship just makes people more mad I think .
Anyways , that ’s my two cents .
The mainstream press of course has finally picked up on this story .
You can now read about it in places like CNET , Wired , The International Herald Tribune , Forbes , and from TV websites from affiliates of Fox and CBS .
I ’ve read an awful lot of articles , stories , comments , blog posts , and heated debate all over the internet about this issue over the past week .
I think the best summary of the current situation though that I ’ve seen on the internet yet comes from Pierre Honeyman .
Pierre is someone on Flickr that I respect a great deal .
He ’s a great photographer but he ’s also been a staunch anti-censorship proponent .
You can read Pierre ’s thoughts on the matter here .
Be warned that you may find some of the language in Pierre ’s post offensive :
“ I find the lack of response from Flickr interesting .
It seems that when problems are easy Flickr staff are quick to jump in , solve them , and be all friendly and communicative about them .
When problems are hard the opposite appears true : rather than communicate Flickr staff clam up and appear to be doing nothing .
As a result large segments of the community feel condescended to .
Flickr is much less of a community than it used to be , and I ’ve only been here just over 2 years .
Flickr has always been absolutely lousy about communicating to users certain decisions they may feel somewhat icky about , like the old NIPSA system , and the current silent setting of accounts to be “ unsafe ” , but this is fucking ridiculous .
Four entire countries , well three and a city , are now being told that they are n’t adult enough to handle all of what Flickr has to offer , despite handling it just fine up until a few days ago .
And then Heather , the Community Manager , has the gall to pop in sometime yesterday and cry about the terms Flickr and Censor being used together : well suck it up crybaby , because Flickr is acting as a Censor in a very strict interpretation of the term .
Flickr is , on behest of the State , determining what is permissible for their customers to view .
And , Flickr is doing it in an incredibly hamfisted way .
We were all assured that using Yahoo !
sign - ons would n’t effect our Flickr experience in any way .
But now those self - same Yahoo !
sign - ons are being used to determine , inaccurately , who is to be censored .
This decision is couched in terms of business , but it feels like a gutless sell - out that only predicts less , not more , community building in the future .
There appears to be a widening gap between what users consider to be their interests and what Flickr considers to be their users interests , and Flickr does n’t appear to
be paying any attention to this .
People came here because Flickr had soul : Flickr felt different and open , and fun , and edgy , and there was a lot of really cool stuff going on .
People stayed after Yahoo !
because people were assured , time and time again , that “ nothing would change . ”
So Flickr either has to go back to Yahoo !
and take their fucking balls back or admit that they are no longer in control , creative or otherwise , of what was once theirs .
Pierre
On digg here .
On reddit here .
Here 'sfour pieces of media that you can send to folks to explain the basic arguments regarding peak oil .
First is Matt Simmons on CNBC yesterday talking about the GAO report ( 7 mins ) , then under the fold a link to Jim Kunstler 's latest talk , a piece by ABC Radio of Australia on the GAO report and peak oil , and Boone Pickens on the issue as well .
And then , James Howard Kunstler , author of The Long Emergency , speaks to the Commonwealth Club of California ( .mp3 warning ) about the American car culture and our illusions of maintaining it with alternative fuels .
( thanks to Global Public Media ) .
( It 's about one hour . )
[ UPDATE by PG ]
I just found this presentation on the GAO report by ABC Radio International out of Australia on the GAO report and the topic of peak oil ( which kindly mentions TOD , thanks ! ) presented by Paul Barclay featuring Michael Lardelli ( 5 minutes ) .
and then Boone Pickens ( 8 - ish minutes ) :
This afternoon I received an email fromÂ Massachusetts Senator Ted Kennedy asking me to visitÂ http://www.democraticmajority.com/cheneyÂ and sign a petition toÂ remindÂ Vice President Dick Cheney " that he can't ignore our nations 's laws . " Â Â
For me , a longtime advocate of impeaching and indicting President Bush and Vice President Cheney for unconstitutional acts and crimes against humanity , the Senator 's request is merely aÂ baby stepÂ orÂ half - measure .
Â Â
If Senator Kennedy truly wants to uphold the Constitution of the United States , Â the only true and proper actionÂ the good SenatorÂ should take is to call for the impeachment of George Bush and Dick Cheney .
Â AÂ " warning " is not strong enough .
It is admirable that Senator Kennedy wants to include we - the - peopleÂ in his effort to warn Vice President Cheney that he is not above the law .
But the good Senator and his Washington colleagues have ignoredÂ theÂ petitions , letters , phone calls , emails , faxes , rallies , marches , panel discussions and pleas of we - the - people to impeach George Bush and Dick Cheney for far too long .
Yesterday at the White House , a group of fifty High School students gave George W. Bush a letter asking him to ensure that the United States wo n't participate in torture and will uphold its Democratic traditions of decency and human rights .
Â
If fifty high school students can demonstrate their love for their nation and their desire to uphold its principles of fairness and human decency by confronting the President with strength and conviction , why can't powerful Senators Ted Kennedy , Dick Durbin and Harry Reid do the same ? Â
Why can't powerful House leaders Nancy Pelosi and Steny Hoyer follow suit ?
Â Â
Ohio Congressman Dennis Kucinich has patriotically provided all members of the House with a vehicle to impeach Vice President Cheney .
Â Congressman Kucinich has introduced House Resolution 333 - Articles of Impeachment against Dick Cheney . Â
It is time for members of the House to sign on to House Resolution 333 to stop Vice President Cheney from defying Congress , engaging in secrecy , and eroding the Constitution of the United States .
Â Â
Is it worth our efforts as patriots to sign Senator Kennedy 's petition to " warnÂ Cheney Â that as Vice President he can't ignore our nations 's laws " ? Â
For me , it is not .
Â Â
It IS worth my while to let Senator Kennedy know that I , a patriotic American , care too much about my nation to simply sign a petition that WARNSÂ its destroyer .
Â
For this patriot , the only clarion call is :
I. - I. - I. - I. :
Invoke - Articles of Impeachment against George W. Bush and Dick Cheney
Impeach - George W. Bush and Dick Cheney for high crimes and misdemeanors
Indict - George W. Bush and Dick Cheney to be tried in a criminal court
Imprison - George W. Bush and Dick Cheney for the commission of criminal acts
Anything less is UNPATRIOTIC !!!
For those who want to " warn " theÂ Vice President , you can sign Senator Kennedy 's petition at http://www.democraticmajority.com/cheney.
For those who believe in the patriotic refrain of I. - I. - I. - I. , you should inform Senator Kennedy that the BABY STEP he has offered is not enough .
Â
It 's time to WALK LIKE A MAN !
To contact Senator Kennedy :
email : Â http://kennedy.senate.gov/senator/contact.cfm
write : Â Â 317 Russell Senate Building , Washington , DC 20510
phone : ( 202 ) 224-4543 DC
fax : Â Â Â ( 202 ) 224-2417
Massachusetts
write : Â 2400 JFK Building , Boston , MA 02203
phone : ( 617 ) 565-3170
phone : ( 877 ) 472-9014
fax : Â Â Â ( 617 ) Â 565-3183Â
To tell Speaker Pelosi that I.- I. - I.- I. is the Constitutional , legal , moral and patriotic way forward :
Write : 450 Golden Gate Ave. - 14th Floor - San Francisco , CA 94102
Call : ( 415 ) 556-4862
Write : 235 Cannon HOB - Washington , DC 20515
Call : ( 202 ) 225-4965
I. - I. - I. - I .!!
_______
About author Linda Milazzo is a Los Angeles based writer , educator and activist .
Since 1974 , she has divided her time between the entertainment industry , government organizations & community development projects , and educational programs .
Linda began her writing career over 30 years ago , starting out in advertising and promotions .
From 1976 to 1989 , she operated an independent public relations service providing specialty writing for individual and corporate clients .
For the past six years , Linda has focused on political writing .
Her essays , letters and commentaries have appeared in domestic and international journals , newspapers , magazines and on dozens of respected news and opinion websites .
She 's an educator and creator of a writers ' program she 's taught privately and in public schools .
She currently facilitates an advocacy writing workshop and is developing an advocacy writing program to be implemented in public and private educational institutions and in community based organizations .
A political and social activist since the Vietnam War , Linda attributes her revitalized - fully - engaged - intense - head - on - non - stop - political activism to the UNFORTUNATE EXISTENCE OF GEORGE W. BUSH and her disgust with greed - ridden American imperialism , environmental atrocities , egregious war , nuclear proliferation , lying leaders , and global tyranny !
Freeman Dyson : Getting Warmed Up
Here are a couple of Youtube videos with Freeman Dyson talking about Global Warming mania .
He starts out in the first video ( on the left ) talking about vegetation .
He says you can't do good science without good data .
He notes that the data on vegetation is sparse ( as in almost totally non-existant ) .
The money went into computer models instead of data gathering .
It figures .
Computers are sexy .
Electronic wind vanes and anemometers are not .
He also notes that the carbon in vegetation dwarfs the carbon in the atmosphere .
In the second video he says the real problem is not CO2 induced global warming , but CO2 induced stratosphere cooling which may lead to bigger ozone holes .
He ends with the fact that the lowest cost way to control CO2 in the atmosphere is not by controlling energy production and use , but by planting or cutting down plants .
He suggests more irrigation .
For that we are going to need cheap fresh water .
Here is one way we might get it : Bussard Fusion Reactor .
H/T Lubos Motl
Cross Posted at The Astute Bloggers
Welcome Instapundit readers .
UPDATE TO THIS ARTICLE CAN BE FOUND HERE - Freeware Engineers Toolkit
This is a list of software that I carry on my portable thumbdrive ( 1 Gb ) .
Almost all of it is Freeware ( any exceptions are noted ) and most of it is Open Source too .
The flashkey has an autorun.inf to start PStart on double click , or on the right click menu either open explorer or mount a Truecrypt archive ( to protect customer data ) .
Lastly the key is bootable with Acronis True Image V9
Installations for PC's
Applications - Working directly off drive
Diagnostics & Removal - Working directly from drive
Dependency Walker - scans any Windows module and builds a hierarchical tree diagram of all dependent modules
DiskMon - logs and displays all hard disk activity
Filemon - displays file system activity on a system in real - time
PortMon - displays all serial and parallel port activity
Process Explorer - shows you information about which handles and DLLs processes have opened or loaded
Pstools - SysInternals ' Resource Kit '
RegMon - Real - time Registry monitoring utility
TCPView - detailed listings of all TCP and UDP endpoints on your system .
Graphical netstat
TokenMon - monitors and displays a variety of security - related activity taking place on a system
Winobj - display information on the NT Object Manager 's name space
Norton Removal Tool - Norton can be stubborn to remove at times .
autoruns - show all auto - starting locations
HijackThis
" remove msn messenger.cmd " - simply RunDll32 advpack.dll , LaunchINFSection % windir%\INF\msmsgs.inf , BLC.Remove
RootkitRevealer - advanced rootkit detection utility
WinsockXPFix - simple winsock fix .
i do n't know if it 's just netsh int ip reset but it does work .
Toolkit - Working directly off drive
Commercial Installations
All the rest of these are executables working directly off the drive as well .
Only two , but I have to have them .
Acronis True Image V9 - Great HDD imaging utility .
NOD32 - The only antivirus we recommend
* means there is some referral or partnership with these suppliers via the links given .
Check out our stance on reviews and recommendations .
Nowadays hand - holding has attracted the interest of scientists who are studying its effects on the body and mind .
And sexual health educators say it is a much - discussed topic among gay students who now publicly hold hands more than ever before but still must consider whether they want to declare their sexuality .
“ I think it remains more important in an era of perhaps more liberal sexual norms , ” Dr. Conley said .
“ It remains this thing to be doled out . ”
To hold someone ’s hand is to offer them affection , protection or comfort .
It is a way to communicate that you are off the market .
Practically speaking , it is an efficient way to squeeze through a crowd without losing your partner .
People do it during vigils , marches , weddings and funerals .
Usually it connotes something innocuous and sweet about a couple and their relationship .
In rare instances , it takes on added potency , such as when President George W. Bush held the hand of Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia in Crawford , Tex. , last year — an act of respect and affection in Arab countries — reminding some people of the film “ Fahrenheit 9/11 , ” which depicted the Bush family ’s close business ties to Saudi leaders and which ignited conspiracy theories .
But , over all , few things are more innocent than a child grabbing the hand of a parent , for protection , direction and , as Mr. Findlay put it , connection .
And with many children these days closer and more outwardly affectionate to their parents , chances are you have spotted a mother and her teenage daughter and perhaps even a father and his adolescent son ambling through a mall , scurrying through a crosswalk or strolling along , hand in hand .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Beekeepers throughout the United States have been losing between 50 and 90 percent of their honeybees over the past six months , perplexing scientists , driving honey prices higher and threatening fruit and vegetable production .
At a House Agricultural Subcommittee hearing in Washington , D.C. , today , members of various organizations came together to share their concerns about what they have been calling the " Colony Collapse Disorder , " or CCD .
Honeybees have been mysteriously dying across the United States , sending honey prices higher and threatening the agriculture industry .
Beginning in October 2006 , beekeepers from 24 states reported that hundreds of thousands of their bees were dying and their colonies were being devastated .
In December 2006 , beekeepers ' associations , scientists and officials formed the CCD working group , in hopes of identifying the cause and solving the problem of CCD .
Most of the beekeepers who have recently reported heavy losses associated with CCD are large commercial migratory beekeepers , some of whom are losing 50 percent to 90 percent of their colonies .
Moreover , surviving colonies are often so weak that they are not viable pollinating or honey - producing units .
Losses have been reported in migratory operations in California , Florida , Oklahoma and Texas , but in February some larger keepers of nonmigratory bees , particularly from the mid-Atlantic region and the Pacific Northwest reported significant losses of more than 50 percent .
Testifying in front of the committee this morning , Caird E. Rexroad , from the Agricultural Research Service , said that although his agency has a variety of theories as to what might be causing CCD , it believes stress on the bees might be the major motive .
" We believe that some form of stress may be suppressing immune systems of bees , ultimately contributing to CCD . "
The main four types of stresses that Rexroad identified were migratory stresses , mites , pathogens and pesticides .
According to the National Agricultural Statistic Service , honey production declined by 11 percent in 2006 , and honey prices per pound increased 14 percent , from 91.8 cents in 2005 to 104.2 cents in 2006 .
Daren Jantzy , with the National Agricultural Statistics Service , told CNN that these statistics are based on numbers collected mostly before the true impact of CCD was noted .
Its effect will be more noticeable when the 2007 statistics are collected .
And the impact goes far beyond direct bee products like honey and wax .
Three - quarters of the world 's 250,000 flowering plants - including many fruits and vegetables - require pollination to reproduce .
Dr. May R. Berenbaum , head of the department of entomology at the University of Illinois , believes the economic impact of the decline in bees could be disastrous .
" Though economists differ in calculating the exact dollar value of honeybee pollination , virtually all estimates range in the billions of dollars , " she told representatives at the House hearing .
But this is not a new problem .
Over the past two decades , concern has risen around the world about the decline of pollinators of all descriptions .
During this period in the United States , the honeybee , the world 's premier pollinator , experienced a dramatic 40 percent decline , from nearly six million to less than two and a half million .
In 2005 , for the first time in 85 years , the United States was forced to import honeybees in order to meet its pollination demands .
Berenbaum says that " if honeybees numbers continued to decline at the rates documented from 1989 to 1996 , managed honeybees ... will cease to exist in the United States by 2035 . "
Beef :
What 's for dinner could cost more
Dolk – The Making of the rapping Che Guevarra stencil
June 11 , 2007 at 12:02 am
I ’ve posted quite a lot about Dolk the Norwegian Stencil Graffiti artist .
It started when a friend of mine spotted some of his stencils and showed me the pictures .
I posted those and found more stencils and took pictures of those and posted them too .
What has become my best resource for Dolk Stencil Graffiti news is http://www.thegiant.org/wiki/index.php/Dolk
It ’s got pictures , stories , interviews and anecdotes .
There is a “ Making of ” his infamous Che Guevarra stencil ( which I also found ) that I thought was great .
Check it out here :
This two - color image , an “ instant classic ” as per Pictures on Walls and “ Banksy - heavy ” as per thethugsdontwork , features a cigar - smoking Che Guevara proudly pointing to his t- shirt , emblazoned with artist Jim Fitzpatrick ’s rendering of Alberto Korda ’s ( in ) famous , much pirated 1960 image of …
Che Guevara .
And here is the stencil as it looks on a graffiti covered wall :
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
More
Print
Reddit
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Entry filed under : art on walls , cool , dolk , dolk lungren , graffiti , graffitti , photoshop , pictures on walls , poster design , stencil art , stencil graffiti , tagging .
Because reality has that nasty progressive bias , conservatives have again created their own , more comforting version , led by none other than Andrew , House of Schlafly .
In response to that bastion of overly tolerant , anti-Americanism called the Wikipedia , we present the Conservapedia , dedicated to insuring that wingnuts young and old maintain their grip on ignorance .
Let 's look at a few of the evolving definitions , how about , say , global warming ?
The theory is widely accepted within the scientific community despite a lack of any conclusive evidence .
... It should be noted that these scientists are largely motivated by a need for grant money in their fields .
Therefore , their work can not be considered unbiased .
Also , these scientists are mostly liberal athiests , untroubled by the hubris that man can destroy the Earth which God gave him .
A wiki is a sort of encyclopedia / dictionary which can be edited by users at will .
This makes for some rather dizzying changes and deletions on the conservative incarnation .
Here for example was the reported entire entry on Stalin , at least until it was removed out of either shame or embarrassment :
Josef Stalin was an atheist communist Russian dictator during World War II .
He was defeated by Adolph Hitler , despite Hitler also being an atheist
Hitler , the ever - clever Nazi atheist , not only fooled everyone by couching his perverse ideology in the context of religion again and again , he defeated Stalin in World War II by ingeniously committing suicide while Soviet troops mopped up the last crumbling remnants of the Third Reich in 1945 Berlin .
It 's a laugh a minute on the Conservapedia as the base of the GOP discovers how ungainly a resource can be , when the goal is to mislead readers with lies and deception on a venue which can be updated with actual facts and references by anyone who reads it .
So go on over , check it out , help make it a success , and enjoy .
This is an open thread .
The Supreme Court ’s decision yesterday overturning a nearly $ 80 million punitive damage award against Philip Morris is a win for corporate wrongdoers .
It stretches the Constitution ’s guarantee of due process in a way that will make it easier for companies that act reprehensibly to sidestep serious punishments .
It also provides unsettling new evidence that the court is more concerned about  and more willing to protect  the powerful than the powerless .
An Oregon jury awarded Mayola Williams , the widow of a cigarette smoker , about $ 821,000 in compensatory damages and $ 79.5 million in punitive damages .
Ms. Williams argued that Philip Morris had spent 40 years denying the connection between smoking and cancer , even though it knew cigarettes were deadly .
The Oregon Supreme Court upheld the punitive damages award , saying that Philip Morris ’s actions had been “ extraordinarily reprehensible . ”
By keeping Oregonians smoking longer than they otherwise would have , the court said , the company ’s actions would , “ naturally and inevitably , lead to significant injury or death . ”
By a 5 - to - 4 vote that did not follow the usual ideological lines , the court ruled that the award was improper because it punished Philip Morris for harm done to people who were not part of the lawsuit .
There is nothing unusual , or wrong , about courts ’ considering the broader impact of a wrongdoer ’s misdeeds .
As Justice John Paul Stevens noted in dissent , “ A murderer who kills his victim by throwing a bomb that injures dozens of bystanders should be punished more severely than one who harms no one other than his intended victim . ”
The fact that Philip Morris hurt so many other smokers along with Jesse Williams is surely relevant to its punishment .
The Revised6 Report on the Algorithmic Language Scheme
The final versions of the main report , library report , nonnormative appendices , and rationale :
Revised 6 Report on the Algorithmic Language Scheme
PDF | HTML
Report on the Algorithmic Language Scheme PDF | HTML Revised 6 Report on the Algorithmic Language Scheme — Standard Libraries
PDF | HTML
Report on the Algorithmic Language Scheme — Standard Libraries PDF | HTML Revised 6 Report on the Algorithmic Language Scheme — Non-Normative Appendices
PDF | HTML
Report on the Algorithmic Language Scheme — Non-Normative Appendices PDF | HTML Revised6 Report on the Algorithmic Language Scheme — Rationale
PDF | HTML
Here is an archive containing all PDF and HTML files , along with TeX and other sources : r6rs.tar.gz
Published Versions
A version of R6RS correcting many of the errata listed is available as a book from Cambridge University press .
The same text was published as Journal of Functional Programming , volume 19 , issue S1 , pp. 1-301 .
Online versions of the book / JFP version :
Language Report , Standard Libraries , Non-Normative Appendices .
Errata
To report errors or inconsistencies in the report , please send e-mail to bugs at r six rs dot org .
Implementations
A list of implementations of R6RS Scheme as well as information about a test suite can be found here .
Reference Implementations
The implementation of the formal semantics and reference implementations for various R6RS components and libraries can be found here .
Mailing List
Informal discussions related to R6RS take place on the discuss@r6rs.org mailing list , which can be subscribed to here .
Historical Information
Information on the process that produced the report can be found here .
Ongoing Standardization
The ongoing standardization process of the Scheme language can be found here .
If you were looking for the j.ello | report ( 1999 ) or Tech Op / Ed ( 2009 ) , you ’re still in the right place .
Those projects have run their course , but feel free to contact me if you are looking for them .
The latest project is PhotonArmy , a site and YouTube channel about capturing light , sound , and effects .
If you ’ve stumbled on this page due to the article : The Unspoken Truth about Managing Geeks , that ’s me too .
VICTORIA–To the two Texan tourists , the murals were pretty pictures , of a history not their own , painted from a time long ago .
But when Paul and Jamie Trahan looked more closely at the four murals that encircle the grand rotunda in the B.C. Legislature , the nakedness popped out at them , as did the subtler message of the artwork .
" I did n't notice the breasts , quite honestly , " said Jamie Trahan as she peered at the works by George Southwell , who completed the murals in the mid-1930s .
" It seemed like it was part of the background . "
It was Paul Trahan who recognized the problem after studying the murals a bit more .
" They make the natives look like slaves , " said the Austin resident .
" If there 's a problem , I would imagine that 's the problem that some people are seeing . "
Trahan said in Texas and throughout the U.S. , paintings or murals of African Americans as slaves would be taken down because the history is still too fresh for many .
After a decade of controversy , that 's what the B.C. government is doing with the murals , which were commissioned as a gift to the province and depict four scenes from colonial history .
The paintings are supposed to represent courage , enterprise , labour and justice and depict native men and women , bare - chested and working or watching as clothed colonial men sign documents or supervise .
" First Nations have always maintained the murals are demeaning and degrading and do nothing more than uphold negative stereotypes of First Nations as a conquered and subservient people , " said Grand Chief Edward John of the First Nations Summit .
Premier Gordon Campbell , who is shaping his second mandate to be more conciliatory , said the government is launching a new relationship to build a better future for aboriginal people in the province .
" What I would like to accomplish , ... as we build a spirit of reconciliation and understanding , is really to have a spirit of respect , " he said .
When native leaders come to the Legislature to sign agreements , Campbell said they have told him they feel uncomfortable because of what is depicted in the murals .
The motion to remove the murals , which will cost about $ 280,000 because they are painted onto the walls and may be damaged in the process of extraction , was approved by the legislature in April .
Only three members opposed it .
One of them , Liberal Blair Lekstrom , said he voted against his government 's decision because he believes the murals are part of the history of the province and the building .
" My preference would have been we add onto the murals to reflect that there have been changes so people can watch our history as it changed through the years , " he said .
A report is being prepared to determine exactly how the murals will be removed and where they will go .
The artist Southwell , who died in 1961 at age 96 , was a generous man who never spoke unkindly about anyone , said his granddaughter Jane Munro .
At the time the paintings were commissioned , the colonial perspective was the norm and that 's a history that cannot be painted over with a brush , she said .
" The murals are in some ways a convenient token .
They 're something with which the government could do an exorcism and use as a message to unload all the things they wish had n't happened , " she said .
" Now they can say this is reform and you and your concerns are welcome here . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
While Munro said that is a worthy objective , she views the murals ' removal as an easy way out for the government to ignore the larger issues of continued poverty in First Nations communities and the lack of agreements on land claims .
Rick Goodacre , executive director of the B.C. Heritage Society , said the best thing for the murals would be to put them away safely and bring them back in a few decades so they can be assessed once again from the vantage point of perspective .
Headlines in Belgium tend to be dominated by the tug - of - war between the Flemish , based in the country 's north , who want more autonomy from the less prosperous , French - speaking areas that are still coming to terms with the post - industrial age .
But Belgium has another official linguistic group : the Germans who live on the Eastern border and make up only one percent of the population .
The area was ceded to Belgium after the World War I under the terms of the Versailles Treaty .
Over the decades , a unique Belgo - German way of life has developed .
The capital of the German - speaking region is Eupen , close to the German city of Aachen .
The area formally belongs to the province of Liège , but this minority community is autonomous and functions like a federal state of its own .
Lingua franca : German
The Belgian capital Brussels is used to seeing many flags flying
People here mainly speak German in shops and schools , watch German TV channels and even have their own German - language newspaper , the Grenz - Echo or Border Echo .
The sports page covers Bundesliga games , of course .
But editor - in - chief Gérard Cremer said his readership has a broader outlook .
" People are also interested in how Anderlecht or Standard Liège are doing , " he said .
" That 's why they read the Grenz - Echo .
That 's why it is not your normal newspaper in that sense .
It 's our job to bring Belgium closer to our readers . "
Many people here might only be able to name the Belgian prime minister , while they can list the entire German cabinet .
Nevertheless , they are Belgian and they certainly do n't want to be called Germans .
" We are a mix and I mean that positively , " Cremer said .
" Not just linguistically , but also in terms of our mentality , in all ways really . "
But Cremer added that the minority here are culturally German .
And there are a lot of active cultural organizations here .
Multi-layered identity
The French - speaking and Dutch - speaking communities look set to dominate the election , but the German - speaking minority is far from dissatisfied
The flags at the headquarters of the government of the German - speaking community reflect the area 's diverse allegiances .
The Belgian flag flutters next to the European Union 's blue star - sprinkled banner , the arms of the province and the emblem of the German - speaking community - a red lion surrounded by nine blue gentians .
The area 's deputy premier , Bernd Gentges , said he appreciates his community 's status .
" We think that we are one of the best protected minorities in Europe , " he said .
One of Gentges 's responsibilities is the integration of immigrants from other countries .
But most of them come from Germany and do not present any " acute problems " , according to Gentges .
They come because of the lower taxes and the more favorable housebuilding conditions in Belgium .
Many are employed over the border , in Aachen , for example , which is just 17 kilometers ( 10.6 miles ) away .
But not only the recent immigrants tend to commute across national frontiers to work :
Many of the longstanding members of the German - language community are employed in Germany or Luxembourg .
Gentges sees this with mixed feelings .
" The advantage is that people have greater purchasing power , " he said .
" Disadvantages arise because many qualified workers are going to Luxembourg and then there is a shortage of those workers here . "
It 's not as difficult as you might think to get started on a running program - even if you have n't been physically active .
If you start off the right way , you will soon discover for yourself the mental and physical benefits of running .
Steps :
Plan to spend 20 - 30 minutes at a time , three days each week .
Space out the days to allow for recovery time between sessions .
Anything more goes beyond fitness and into running for other purposes - something you may find yourself doing if bitten by the running bug .
Get some good running shoes .
Do n't scrimp on price too much , but do n't think you need that $ 500 pair of ultra-runners at first .
No beginning runner needs that kind of economic pressure on the road !
If you 're serious about this running thing , it 's a good idea to have yourself fitted at a running store , as different shoes are designed for different types of feet .
The right shoe for one person is the wrong shoe for another and will cause injury .
A good running store can test you to make sure you get the right shoe ( bring along a used pair so they can tell from the wear pattern as well ) .
Your typical sporting goods store does not have the expertise to get you in the correct shoe .
Stretch before and after a run .
Be aware that although the benefits and / or drawbacks to this are controversial , there remains enough evidence to warrant some stretching at each workout .
Stretch out each muscle group , holding each stretch for at least 15 seconds .
Learn the basics of good form .
Keep your arms at waist level , relax your hands , and maintain good posture .
Avoid bouncing and try to land softly in order to reduce stress on your knees and other joints .
Take note that most distance runners land on their heels or midfoot and roll forward to the toe .
If you try to run on your toes for too long your shins will start hurting and your calves will get tight .
Breathe .
Breathe naturally or focus on a breathing technique .
Some argue that the best breathing technique is inhaling oxygen through the nose , fully expanding the lungs , and exhaling through a widely opened mouth .
Your nose is a good filter for air , especially while running outdoors , which prevents you from accidentally swallowing bugs .
Exhaling through your mouth allows your body to get rid of more carbon dioxide and heat with less effort .
Enjoy yourself !
Running is a great way to get fit or stay in shape while clearing your mind or taking time to think while your body goes through the natural , repetitive motions .
Most who call themselves runners will agree that it 's good for your body and your mind .
Make running a habit .
Follow this weekly schedule ( from CoolRunning , see link below ) 3 - days - a - week for a 2 - month period : Week 1 : Brisk five - minute warmup walk .
Then alternate 60 seconds of jogging and 90 seconds of walking for a total of 20 minutes .
Brisk five - minute warmup walk .
Then alternate 60 seconds of jogging and 90 seconds of walking for a total of 20 minutes .
Week 2 : Brisk five - minute warmup walk .
Then alternate 90 seconds of jogging and two minutes of walking for a total of 20 minutes .
Brisk five - minute warmup walk .
Then alternate 90 seconds of jogging and two minutes of walking for a total of 20 minutes .
Week 3 : Brisk five - minute warmup walk , then do two repetitions of the following : Jog 200 yards ( or 90 seconds )
Walk 200 yards ( or 90 seconds ) Jog 400 yards ( or 3 minutes )
Walk 400 yards ( or 3 minutes )
Brisk five - minute warmup walk , then do two repetitions of the following : Week 4 : Brisk 5 minute warmup walk , then : Jog 1/4 mile ( or 3 minutes ) Walk 1/8 mile ( or 90 seconds ) Jog 1/2 mile ( or 5 minutes )
Walk 1/4 mile ( or 2 - 1/2 minutes ) Jog 1/4 mile ( or 3 minutes ) Walk 1/8 mile ( or 90 seconds ) Jog 1/2 mile ( or 5 minutes )
Brisk 5 minute warmup walk , then : Week 5 : Workout 1 : Brisk 5 minute warmup walk , then : Jog 1/2 mile ( or 5 minutes ) Walk 1/4 mile ( or 3 minutes ) Jog 1/2 mile ( or 5 minutes )
Walk 1/4 mile ( or 3 minutes ) Jog 1/2 mile ( or 5 minutes ) Workout 2 : Brisk five - minute warmup walk , then : Jog 3/4 mile ( or 8 minutes )
Walk 1/2 mile ( or 5 minutes ) Jog 3/4 mile ( or 8 minutes ) Workout 3 : Brisk five - minute warmup walk , then jog two miles ( or 20 minutes ) with no walking .
Week 6 : Workout 1 : Brisk five - minute warmup walk , then : Jog 1/2 mile ( or 5 minutes ) Walk 1/4 mile ( or 3 minutes ) Jog 3/4 mile ( or 8 minutes )
Walk 1/4 mile ( or 3 minutes ) Jog 1/2 mile ( or 5 minutes ) Workout 2 : Brisk five - minute warmup walk , then : Jog 1 mile ( or 10 minutes )
Walk 1/4 mile ( or 3 minutes ) Jog 1 mile ( or 10 minutes ) Workout 3 : Brisk five - minute warmup walk , then jog 2 - 1/ 4 miles ( or 25 minutes ) with no walking .
Week 7 : Brisk five - minute warmup walk , then jog 2.5 miles ( or 25 minutes ) .
Brisk five - minute warmup walk , then jog 2.5 miles ( or 25 minutes ) .
Week 8 : Brisk five - minute warmup walk , then jog 2.75 miles ( or 28 minutes ) .
Brisk five - minute warmup walk , then jog 2.75 miles ( or 28 minutes ) .
Week 9 : Brisk five - minute warmup walk , then jog 3 miles ( or 30 minutes ) .
Tips :
Ease into your running program gradually .
You can go from inactivity to running three miles ( 5 K ) on a regular basis in just two months .
It 's easy to get impatient , but do n't skip ahead in the program , even if you are already physically fit or otherwise feel you can .
Two months is not that long !
Two months is not that long !
Do n't worry about speed at first .
In fact , you should really run more slowly than you think you should .
You 're not running a race yet ; you 're increasing your fitness level .
For now , focus on gradually increasing the time or distance you run .
The racing can come later , if you choose !
You 're not running a race yet ; you 're increasing your fitness level .
For now , focus on gradually increasing the time or distance you run .
The racing can come later , if you choose !
Make sure you do n't start off your runs too fast , and try to keep an even pace throughout .
Use the " talk test " to figure out if your pace is appropriate .
You should be able to talk comfortably while running ; slow it down if you 're running out of breath .
You can measure your running by distance or time .
Either method is fine and the choice is simply a personal preference for measurement .
Running with a partner or group increases your motivation to run .
Especially at first a running buddy can really help you make running a habit .
Make sure you are working at the same fitness levels and agree on your running plan .
When running with a group , try to keep pace with the others , accelerate when they do but only if you feel comfortable with it .
Do not force yourself .
Prevention is the best method of avoiding shin splints , which could otherwise delay your running routine for months while you recover .
The problem is the imbalance in strength between your Calf and opposing muscle groups .
Stretching the muscles once warm and strengthening them on off days can save you a lot of pain .
If you ’re like most people , when you run , you exhale as your right foot hits the ground .
This puts downward pressure on your liver ( which lives on your right side ) , which then tugs at the diaphragm and creates a side stitch , according to The Doctors Book of Home Remedies for Men .
The fix : Exhale as your left foot strikes the ground .
For additional challenge , try running up and down hills .
Gradually find slopes that are steeper .
You can also run in loose sand or water ( or both , at the beach ) ; but don ' run in large gravel , the risk of injury is great .
Warnings :
By yanking the defense authorization bill until the GOP ends its filibuster of the Reed - Levin bill ( which really DOES get our troops out of Iraq ) , Reid also prevents any of the weak - ass pretend - withdrawal legislation from being considered -- and forces the " mavericks " to put up or shut up :
4 . What are the prospects for the Dems succeeding in breaking the GOP filibuster ?
They 're actually better now that the softer Iraq amendments can't get passed .
That 's because yanking the bill rules out the introduction of other , nonbinding amendments that nervous Republicans were inclined to support .
Without the option of supporting such amendments , Republicans can't plausibly claim to constituents to have done anything to stop the war .
In turn , that increases the pressure on them to support the only available option left -- i.e. , a binding measure mandating withdrawal , such as the one favored by Dems .
That 's probably the real reason why Republicans are furious with Reid today for removing the bill and all its amendments .
( Well , that and sleepiness . )
Case in point : Sen. Arlen Specter ( R - PA ) .
In his floor statement right after the cloture vote failed , a visibly angry Specter inveighed against the Senate 's lack of debate on the most prominent GOP amendment -- John Warner and Richard Lugar 's toothless proposal for Bush to submit a post - surge strategy to Congress after Petraeus 's report .
Specter , clearly , wanted the option of supporting Warner - Lugar , an option Reid has taken away .
As a result , when debate eventually resumes , Specter will have to choose between either staying with the surge or mandated redeployment .
Even for a moderate GOP Senator not up for reelection next year , stark choices are not pleasant ones .
This , not the all - night session , is the real story here .
Not that the all - nighter was chopped liver , mind you .
Reid needed the all - night session , with the inevitable failure to achieve cloture as the " mavericks " dutifully lined up for the most part behind Bush and staying in Iraq forever ( a few did vote for cloture , but only after being assured that their votes were meaningless as there would n't be enough overall to actually pass it ) .
This helped to demonstrate , again , that the " mavericks " may talk tough but fall in line behind Bush and against the American people when crunch time hits .
The mavericks figured that they could always vote for Warner - Lugar or the other bogus legislation that was floating around Congress .
Except now they can't .
They are now backed into a corner with precisely two ( 2 ) options :
Vote to get us out of Iraq , or :
Vote to please Bush .
Who America now hates with a passion because of his senseless war .
The choice is theirs .
[ UPDATE : Drenched Otter over in a Fire Dog Lake comments thread reminds me that Reid had even given the Republicans the chance to vote on their bogus Warner - Lugar and Salazar legislation if they would only end the filibuster .
They refused , as he knew they would — and then and only then did he yank the defense authorization bill .
That totally gives the lie to Specter ’s " Waaaah !
He wo n’t let us vote for Warner - Lugar ! " baloney .
Hey , he gave you the chance and you turned it down , boyo . ]
' If you go on to the streets of London at the moment , you 'll see a million and one Kate Mosses .
It 's just so boring ! " fumes hairdresser Nina Butkovich - Budden .
" But the vintage look ?
Well , it 's a little bit of rebellion , is n't it ? "
While many young women hanker after that just - crawled - out - of - bed - with - Pete - Doherty look ( denim hotpants , unbrushed hair ) , it seems that a growing minority are embracing good old - fashioned glamour .
And not just a vintage dress here or a hint of a beehive there .
Across the country , you can find librarians , project managers , city workers and IT experts sporting the full - blown hair , makeup and even underwear ( think bullet bras and girdles ) of 1940s and 1950s pin-ups .
Down a side street in Southwark sits a hairdressers ' that would make most modern stylists run screaming .
Nestled within the walls of the Cut & Clipper salon is Nina 's Hair Parlour , Britain 's first vintage hair salon .
Scattered around the shop are pictures of immaculately coiffed starlets - Lauren Bacall , Gene Tierney and Olivia de Havilland - all shampooed and set to within an inch of their lives .
Original hood dryers bulge ominously from the walls and sinister gas - heated tongs from the 1920s rest on art deco cabinets packed with pillbox hats .
Edith Piaf trills softly in the background .
It is like Toni & Guy never existed .
" It 's easy to get the retro clothes , " says Nina - known professionally as Nina the Head Dresser - " but the retro hair and makeup is a skill that needs to be learned . "
A hairdresser for the past 15 years , Butkovich - Budden spotted a gap in the market after helping women at rockabilly and burlesque clubs attend to their tresses .
" I started doing it for friends and performers , and then more and more ' regular ' people became interested in it . "
Last year she began specialising in retro bouffants , helping create vintage hair designs for the Young Vic theatre , and offering one - to - one sessions with private clients - who range from students and office workers to an air hostess from Dubai who flies over specifically to see her .
Then there 's the couple whose lives revolve entirely around the 1940s ; " she 's a land girl and he 's a soldier from 1943 , " says Butkovich - Budden .
With a four - month waiting list for the intensive four - hour classes ( which come complete with drinks and chocolates ) , Butkovich - Budden teaches her customers hair and makeup styles of their choosing .
" People bring in three pictures of the styles they would like to have .
The most popular are Rita Hayworth , Traci Lords in Cry - Baby , oh , and Bettie Page .
Always the Bettie Page fringe ! "
Today Vancouver - born performer Alisa is in Butkovich - Budden 's hotseat , having her bleached hair rolled and curled .
Despite only living in Britain for only eight months , Alisa is already a devoted customer .
" Nina 's the only person who 'll let me kill my hair with bleach !
Other hairdressers will preach at me and tell me I 'm ruining my hair , but Nina gets it .
She knows exactly what I want . "
And what Alisa wants is big , bold and beautiful 1950s hair and makeup ; " I love the cartoonish femininity of it .
Growing up in Vancouver , everyone wears thick fleeces and sweaters all the time , so I rebelled by wearing seamed stockings and looking like this ! "
The retro look is n't restricted to showgirls , as Helen Barrell , a librarian based in Birmingham , proves .
" I 've never been the kind of person to be dictated to about anything - I put my hair in vintage rolls because it looks great and suits me , " says Barrell .
" I do n't know why we 're told that during the day your makeup should be ' natural ' .
What 's wrong with lots of eyeliner ? "
In fact , Barrell 's look is comparatively low - maintenance .
She only spends five minutes a day on hair and makeup , saving time by washing her hair just once a week - using setting lotion means it does n't get greasy as quickly .
" Modern girls apparently wash their hair every day and use their straighteners each morning , " she says , apparently shocked by this .
" I just fold my hair over and pin it ! "
At size 20 , Barrell has also found that vintage clothing is far more flattering to her shape .
" I 'm blessed with curves and 50s dresses allow for an adult female figure with hips , a waist and a bust . "
She is also a devotee of that oft - reviled vintage relic - " shapewear " girdles and corsets .
" If you 're wearing vintage clothes , you may as well wear vintage underwear , " she says .
" Foundation wear is wonderful stuff , and it annoys me that some feminists seem to think that it 's evil .
Yes , I 've accepted my size , but at the same time , it 's really great to have these contraptions made of strong elastic which give you a smooth line .
If you wear a bra to support your boobs , " says Barrell , " why not wear something to support your tummy ? "
One woman who knows good girdles is Katie Halford , the founder of vintage - inspired pants emporium What Katie Did .
After the boutique she was working for closed down , Halford was desperate to get her hands on cheap seamed stockings again , so contacted her former employer 's suppliers .
Soon , she was running her own mail - order service .
" I was n't really thinking about other women when I started What Katie Did , " says Halford , " I was just thinking about myself ! "
Now the fully fashioned website - complete with models with hair styled by Nina - stocks everything from bullet bras , girdles and corsets to a large range of hosiery .
" The popularity of vintage style seems to be growing daily , " says Halford .
" Our bullet bra is the most popular as no one else manufactures them in Europe .
Wearing one is the easiest way to get a retro-looking silhouette . "
In this instance , " retro silhouette " means the pointy , poke - your - eyes - out chest of a 1950s sweater girl .
" I think current notions of beauty are really rather bizarre , " says Halford .
" Women are having breast implants but doing the best they can to get rid of the rest of their curves .
It really does n't make sense . "
Paradoxically , for a look born before the days of PCs , the internet is a driving force behind the scene .
Online communities have formed - including a message board on the What Katie Did website , full of women sharing tips .
" I really do n't think that the vintage look would be so big without the internet , " notes Halford .
" When I was growing up in Plymouth we had one vintage shop , one alternative club and that was it .
Now you can shop for vintage clothes world wide . "
Burlesque artist Millie Dollar first asked her mother for help with creating 1940s hairstyles , but when she could n't show her more than a simple chignon , she turned to the net .
" I was on my own really , but there are loads of sites to help you and you can always Google it .
I 'm now skilled enough at victory rolls and curls to whip them up quickly , but at first it takes a lot longer till you 're practised . "
As well as full vintage hair , Millie wo n't leave her house without a trademark smear of post - box red on her lips , but it was n't always that way .
" I went through that dreadful teenage stage that everyone goes through where I did n't bother much with fashion , and wore baggy clothes to hide myself . "
A chance viewing of the classic 1953 musical Gentlemen Prefer Blondes changed all that .
" The women looked perfect in every scene ; I wanted to look as graceful as them - they just oozed glamour , every outfit was perfectly made with such luxurious fabrics and styled in such an amazing way . "
Millie then bleached her hair in homage to one of the film 's stars , Marilyn Monroe .
" Who does n't want to look like Marilyn ? " she says .
Well , Cambridge - based project manager Elizabeth Stevenson , for one - although her style was also shaped by the film .
" I always preferred Jane Russell as Dorothy to Marilyn's Lorelei , " Stevenson says .
" She had a knowing wryness about her .
I have a copy of the top she wore in the swimming - pool scene from Miss Selfridge , circa 1983 .
It no longer does up but I can't bear to part with it ! "
Saturday afternoon double - bill matinees also introduced Stevenson to the likes of Ava Gardner , Liz Taylor and Gina Lollobrigida , and she 's now been sporting the vintage look for more than a quarter of a century .
Her recent wedding was no exception and was tiki - themed - 40s look - with every attendee wearing period outfits .
While these women may look like they 've just stepped out of a post - war , pin-up magazine , none of them has the slightest desire to be whisked back in time and live the real vintage life .
" I do n't live in the past , " says Stevenson .
" I live now - with the comforts of modern life enhanced by some of the things that I love about the past .
I enjoy my career and empowerment , which is all possible thanks to a lot of other women 's efforts to secure equality . "
Barrell is in agreement , " I really would n't have wanted to live in the 1940s .
Rationing would have been bad enough , but why on earth would I want to sleep in a bomb shelter ? " .
The next time someone in your office tells you that you should n’t take a business issue personally , punch them in the face .
Once they ’ve gotten back to their feet , tell them that they should n’t take being punched in the face personally .
Telling this person that being punched in the face should n't be taken personally makes about as much sense as what they told you .
Chances are you ’re doing everything in your power to improve your career path and increase your standard of living .
If that ’s true , the best thing you could do is start taking everything at your work personally .
In my personal experience , all but one of my jobs has been created expressly for me .
Only one promotion I ever received was a job that existed before I got it .
Why ?
Because I take my success or failure personally .
If the company is suffering or stagnating , there wo n’t be a lot of upward mobility for me , so I ’m painfully aware that the company ’s future success and my own are intertwined .
If one of my businesses has a disappointing quarter , I get mad , or sometimes sad , and then I pick myself up and figure out a way to get even .
If someone were to pass me over for a promotion , I ’d take it personally .
If someone purchased my competitor 's product instead of mine , I ’d take it personally and I ’d take the opportunity to learn how to ensure that it never , ever , happened again .
The bottom line ?
My work is a huge part of who I am .
Not taking it personally just is n’t an option .
Most of us are at our jobs a minimum of 8 hours a day .
That means that 1/3 of our personal time is spent as an employee ( or employer ) .
If failures or successes of the company roll right off of your back , you ’re wasting a third of your life .
If your boss thinks you ’re lazy or wrong for a job and that does n’t bother you , get another job .
Give the success to someone who cares .
Taking your job personally can be an emotionally rattling experience full of ups and downs , but there ’s no other way to live your career .
If you ca n’t find a way to be elated by the highs and fired up by the lows , chances are someone will be telling you to not take it personally when you ’re on your way out the door .
She named her baby daughter Siwei Liu , which means " be aware of danger . "
The young Chinese mother had just passed the United Nations exams and knew she would soon be leaving China 's Hubei Province for places unknown and dangerous .
Less than six months later , Fang Liu , a lawyer with the Chinese police forces , packed her suitcase , waved farewell to her husband and baby daughter – and set off for South Sudan .
" It was , " she says solemnly , " a very long way away . "
Ms. Liu , today a UN police observer , was joined by 435 other ­engineers , medics , and transport specialists , ­all of them part of China 's contribution to the 10,000 - strong UN force charged with monitoring the peace agreement here until 2011 .
The Sudan mission is the longest - ever peacekeeping mission the Chinese have joined to date – but not their only one .
Playing a far more active role in UN peacekeeping than ever before , 1,809 Chinese troops , police , military observers , and others are deployed worldwide .
The majority – 1,273 – are here in Africa , building roads , setting up clinics , patrolling troubled villages – and generally trying to show that China wants to be considered part of the international community when it comes to doing the right thing by this continent .
The number of Chinese peacekeepers worldwide is much smaller than the number that Pakistan supplies the UN – currently 10,173 according to UN statistics – or India , which has sent 9,471 of its nationals to participate in most of the UN's 15 current missions worldwide .
But , it 's more than South Africa ( 1,188 blue helmets ) or Brazil ( 1,277 ) have in the field – and far more than the US , which , unlike 118 other countries , puts no boots on the ground .
( The US does , however , provide the largest chunk of the funding for these missions – 26 percent of the total .
China , in turn , provides 3 percent . )
* * *
Some of the words that typically come to mind in association with the budding China - Africa relationship are " trade , " " raw materials , " and " cheap goods . "
" Weapons , " sometimes pops up , " neocolonialism " has its takers , too .
" Socially responsible , " however , does not typically make the Top 10 list .
But increasingly , China is both expanding and honing its aid to the continent , and also trying to draw more attention to its social commitment to the people of Africa .
Since 2000 China has canceled more than $ 10 billion in debt for 31 African countries and has given $ 5.5 billion in development aid , with a promise of a further $ 2.6 billion in 2007 - 08 , according to estimates by the Economist Intelligence Unit .
Beijing has overtaken the World Bank in lending to Africa :
In 2005 , China committed $ 8 billion in lending to Nigeria , Angola , and Mozambique alone – the same year the World Bank spent $ 2.3 billion in all of Africa .
In 2006 , lending by China 's Exim Bank was $ 12.5 billion – and is set to rise by more than $ 5 billion in 2007 , according to the EIU estimates .
The loans China offered Africa in 2006 were three times the total development aid given by rich countries in the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) , and nearly 25 times the total stock of loans and export credits approved by the US Export - Import Bank for sub -Saharan Africa , points out Greg Mills , director of the Brenthurst Foundation , an economic think tank in Johannesburg , South Africa .
Not content with only making big gestures , China has also gotten involved with dozens upon dozens of smaller projects across the continent , touching the lives of everyday people .
During his February tour of the continent , Chinese President Hu Jintao opened a Chinese - built hospital in Cameroon , inaugurated a Chinese - funded malaria research and prevention center in Liberia , and launched a Chinese - language after - school program in Namibia , among others .
And in April , after a five - day visit to Sudan , Liu Guijin , the newly appointed Chinese special representative for Darfur , announced that his country was going to boost its humanitarian aid to Sudan , donating some $ 10 million worth of aid to the troubled region and sending in close to 300 Chinese military engineers to help strengthen the overtaxed African Union peacekeeping force in Darfur .
Western donors , concerned that China is throwing around aid , investment , and business with no strings attached , have been calling on Beijing to abide by global standards when it comes to human rights and the environment .
Last month , the World Bank and the Export - Import Bank of China signed a memorandum of understanding to improve cooperation on aid and investment .
" China has real interests there [ in Africa ] and will , of course , be engaged on the continent , as is the United States , " Deputy Assistant Secretary of African Affairs James Swan said in a February speech at Columbia University in New York .
" US policy is not to curtail China 's involvement in Africa , but to seek cooperation where possible and continue efforts to nudge China toward becoming a responsible international stakeholder . "
Whether or not this largess has ulterior economic and strategic motives behind it , or whether it is propelled by nothing more than a desire to boost China 's international image , the bottom line is that it is welcome by many on the continent .
" The Chinese interest in Africa ... their coming into our markets is the best thing that could have happened to us , " says small - business contractor Amare Kifle , during a recent meeting with a Chinese investor in Ethiopia 's capital , Addis Ababa .
" We are tired of the condescending American style .
True , the American government and American companies have done and do a lot here , but I always feel like they think they are doing us a favor ... telling us how to do things and punishing us when we do it our own way .
" These Chinese are different , " he says .
" They are about the bottom line and allow us to sort out our side of the business as we see fit .
I want to have a business partner and do business .
I do n't want to have a philosophical debate about Africa 's future . "
Indeed , China 's commitment to a hands - off approach is in stark contrast to the West , and some experts say the lengths to which China goes to be seen as a benevolent partner with Africa is unprecedented .
" China is the most self - conscious rising power in history and is desperate to be seen as a benign force as well as to learn from the mistakes of the existing major powers and previous rising powers , " says Andrew Small , a Brussels - based China expert at the German Marshall Fund , a public policy think tank .
" It sees its modern national story as anticolonial – about surpassing the " century of humiliation " at the hands of the colonial powers – and still thinks of itself , in many ways , as a part of the developing world . "
* * *
Liu , who is in charge of the UN police force 's administrative personnel work , spends her days in a trailer office with four other peacekeepers keeping track of personnel sick days , home leaves , and other special requests .
Previous to this mission , Liu only left her home province once – to go on her honeymoon to Hong Kong .
Today , she shares a small apartment in Wau , Sudan , with six other UN personnel .
They have no running water and no electricity .
She does her shopping in the market ( the store owners know her and yell out ni hao ma – " How are you ? " – when she passes by ) and reads at night with the help of a Chinese government - issued rechargeable lamp .
She calls her husband and daughter once a week for three minutes and tries to also communicate throughe - mail , but it 's complicated , as her UN - issued computer keyboard does not have Chinese characters .
It is less exciting than she had hoped , she admits .
The insecurity , heat , food , bug bites , and loneliness test her .
And above all , she misses her baby Siwei , she says , showing off a picture of her now 2 - year - old child .
But Liu nonetheless has a clear sense of why she is here .
" Peace is giving [ the South Sudanese ] a chance for development .
I believe the future of Wau will be brighter , " she says , untangling her long dark hair , knotted by the hot afternoon wind .
" We Chinese come from a different country , far away­ , but we are in harmony with Africa . "
Maj .
Mutacho Shadrock , a Kenyan commanding officer with the UN forces in Wau , says the Chinese peacekeepers " keep to themselves and the vast majority does n't speak English , even the commanding officers . "
But , he adds , " They are good workers .
They have repaired bridges and roads and are doing good work .
And that is what is important . "
" I am hardly an apologist for China , " says Harry Broadman , an economic advisor on Africa at the World Bank .
" But people tend to forget that China itself is a developing country that has had global leadership thrust upon it .
" People ascribe a lot of power and knowledge to them without understanding that they are climbing the learning curve themselves , " he says , adding that China wants to be seen as a force for good on the continent .
" They want to give Africa a fair deal .
I believe that . "
Liu is finishing her day in the office and going out to join some of the other Chinese peacekeepers for a table - tennis tournament at the engineering corps camp .
She is a terrific player , she says , and will probably win .
" But it 's not just about winning , of course , " she says .
" It 's about playing the game with – with ... "
Liu searches for the word in English , and then smiles , " with dignity . "
That , she says , is the way things are done in China .
Report : Saudis , US sponsoring covert action against Iran Michael Roston
Published : Monday May 7 , 2007 Print This Email This
The governments of Saudi Arabia and the United States are working with other states in the Middle East to sponsor covert action against Iran , according to a report in this month 's edition of The Atlantic .
The report also suggests that covert attacks may occur against Iran 's oil sector .
David Samuels , in a lengthy article on Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice 's diplomatic initiatives in the Middle East , reports that the US is promoting a campaign against Iran that includes covert action .
Last fall , he writes , " Rice and her colleagues in the administration decided to embark on a daring and risky third course : a coordinated campaign , directed with the help of the intelligence services of Saudi Arabia , Egypt , Jordan , Israel , and the United Arab Emirates ....
The bill for the covert part of this activity , which has involved funding sectarian political movements and paramilitary groups in Iraq , Iran , Lebanon , and the Palestinian territories , is said to amount to more than $ 300 million .
It is being paid by Saudi Arabia and other concerned Gulf states , for whom the combination of a hasty American withdrawal from Iraq and a nuclear - armed Iran means trouble . "
Samuels suggests that Iran has already faced a variety of internal attacks as a consequence of this covert program .
" They pointed to an upsurge in antigovernment guerrilla activity inside Iran , including a bomb in Zahedan , the economic center of the province of Baluchistan , that killed 11 soldiers in the elite Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps on February 14 ; the mysterious death of the Iranian scientist Ardashir Hosseinpour , who worked on uranium enrichment at the Isfahan nuclear facility ; and the defection of a high - ranking Iranian general named Ali Asgari , a former deputy minister of defense who was also the Revolutionary Guard officer responsible for training and supplying Hezbollah during its war against the Israelis in southern Lebanon in the 1980s , " Samuels notes .
More than that , Samuels warns that these covert actions may soon target Iran 's petroleum sector .
" People focus altogether on the nuclear facilities and how difficult they would be to take out , " he quotes former Secretary of State George Shultz as saying .
" But its not difficult for somebody to sabotage those refineries . "
Samuels ' report echoes an earlier story by the New Yorker 's Seymour Hersh .
" The clandestine operations have been kept secret , in some cases , by leaving the execution or the funding to the Saudis , or by finding other ways to work around the normal congressional appropriations process , current and former officials close to the Administration said , " he wrote in the March 5 article .
Samuels full report is available to subscribers at The Atlantic 's website .
Mr. Kraus exemplifies the second reason I believe we are not in a bubble : this time , the financiers are n't driving .
Instead , the entrepreneurs and geeks -- often one and the same -- are .
The lessons of Web 1.0 are never far from their minds , and the desire to create something cool that might foster some good in the world is often equally paramount with the desire to make money .
The culture of Web 2.0 is , in fact , decidedly missionary -- from the communitarian ethos of Craigslist to Google 's informal motto , " do n't be evil . "
Ah , yes , Google .
That brings us to the third reason we are not in a bubble : vastly improved search technologies .
Recall that the demise of Web 1.0 was predicated in large part on the collapse of the Internet advertising business -- people were spending millions buying billboard - like ads that , it turns out , nobody was paying attention to .
But effective search engines -- and what they enabled -- changed all that .
Right as the bubble burst , the Internet became a mainstream medium -- a majority of Americans were now online .
At about the same time , Google turned its first profit , as did Overture , a similar company now owned by Yahoo .
These two companies made money by reinventing advertising .
Using their services , advertisers paid only when people actually clicked on their ads , and it turned out , millions did just that -- once the ads were matched to searches and therefore actually useful .
Search has provided the business models for countless companies , which use search to find new customers ( eBay and Amazon are two of Google 's largest advertisers ) or which run Google or Yahoo's advertising networks on their own sites ( a process called syndication ) .
In fact , syndication has become the de facto business model of many start - ups : if you build a new service that garners a decent audience , syndication can provide enough revenue to give you time to refine your services and find your true business model .
Which leads me to the final reason I believe we are not in a bubble : the relative lack of public offerings .
Most companies this time around are taking the path of acquisition , finding homes at large , stable and profitable companies like Yahoo , Google , News Corporation or Barry Diller 's InterActiveCorp .
The era of the hot Net I.P.O. is over , and good riddance .
So sure , there are too many start - ups , and sure , some venture capitalists are trying to get in on as many as they can .
In the meantime , far more companies are starting that just might change the world , or at least interesting parts of it , and thanks to the lessons of the past , we now have an ecosystem that may enable them to make a serious go of it .
Op - Ed Contributor John Battelle , a co-producer of the Web 2.0 conference , is the author of " The Search : How Google and Its Rivals Reinvented Business and Transformed Our Culture . "
Editors ' Note : November 29 , 2005 , Tuesday An Op - Ed article on Nov. 18 about the future of Internet companies should have included additional information about the author , John Battelle .
The New York Times Company has made an investment of no more than 5 percent in Mr. Battelle 's company , Federated Media Publishing .
Are those presidential seal socks ?
With Crocs ?
You still " want to have a beer with " this guy ? [ KX ]
My case has been known to a certain degree because of the activities that I have been engaging in , in terms of going to courts , going to Congress , etc .
There are similar cases we are not hearing about .
For example , the Larry Franklin case , with the espionage case that they pursued with AIPAC .
And what the American public does n’t know is the fact that there were other counter - intelligence operations within the FBI that obtained far more information not only limited to Mr. Franklin .
Other operations were shut down in 2000 and 2001 because they ended up going to higher levels and involving way too many people .
I ’m talking about individuals who are breaking the law , misusing the trust and abusing their power , and in some cases I would even say engaging in treason .
Sibel names names .
Grossman , Feith , Perle , Hastert .
Sibel tells us what motivates her .
When she became a citizen some 18 years ago she took an oath , as do all new citizens , to " support and defend the Constitution and laws of the United States of America against all enemies , foreign and domestic " .
It seems she takes that oath seriously .
The people who have gagged her have taken similar oaths , which they have betrayed .
by RICHARD SHEARS
Last updated at 23:49 05 June 2007
It was once a gently flowing river , where fishermen cast their nets , sea birds came to feed and natural beauty left visitors spellbound .
Villagers collected water for their simple homes and rice paddies thrived on its irrigation channels .
Today , the Citarum is a river in crisis , choked by the domestic waste of nine million people and thick with the cast - off from hundreds of factories .
So dense is the carpet of refuse that the tiny wooden fishing craft which float through it are the only clue to the presence of water .
Scroll down for more ...
Their occupants no longer try to fish .
It is more profitable to forage for rubbish they can salvage and trade - plastic bottles , broken chair legs , rubber gloves - risking disease for one or two pounds a week if they are lucky .
On what was United Nations World Environment Day , the Citarum , near the Indonesian capital of Jakarta , displayed the shocking abuse that mankind has subjected it to .
Scroll down for more ...
More than 500 factories , many of them producing textiles which require chemical treatment , line the banks of the 200 - mile river , the largest waterway in West Java , spewing waste into the water .
On top of the chemicals go all the other kinds of human detritus from the factories and the people who work there .
There is no such luxury as a rubbish collection service here .
Nor are there any modern toilet facilities .
Everything goes into the river .
The filthy water is sucked into the rice paddies , while families risk their health by collecting it for drinking , cooking and washing .
Twenty years ago , this was a place of beauty , and the river still served its people well .
As one local man , Arifin , recalled : " Our wives did their washing there and our children swam . "
Scroll down for more ...
Its demise began with rapid industrialisation during the late 1980s .
The mighty Citarum soon became a garbage bin for the factories .
And the doomsday effect will spread .
It is one of two major rivers that feed Lake Saguling , where the French have built the largest power generator in West Java .
Experts predict that as the river chokes , its volume will decrease and the generator will not function properly .
The area will be plunged into darkness .
But at least the factories will be stilled and their waste will stop flowing .
And perhaps the river will begin to breathe again .
Scientists have created novel ‘ spintronic ’ devices that could point the way for the next generation of more powerful and permanent data storage chips in computers .
Physicist at the Universities of Bath , Bristol and Leeds have discovered a way to precisely control the pattern of magnetic fields in thin magnetic films , which can be used to store information .
The discovery has important consequences for the IT industry , as current technology memory storage has limited scope for develop further .
The density with which information can be stored magnetically in permanent memory - hard drives - is reaching a natural limit related to the size of the magnetic particles used .
The much faster silicon - chip based random access memory - RAM - in computers loses the information stored when the power is switched off .
The key advance of the recent research has been in developing ways to use high energy beams of gallium ions to artificially control the direction of the magnetic field in regions of cobalt films just a few atoms thick .
The direction of the field can be used to store information : in this case “ up ” or “ down ” correspond to the “ 1 ” or “ 0 ” that form the basis of binary information storage in computers .
Further , the physicists have demonstrated that the direction of these magnetic areas can be “ read ” by measuring their electrical resistance .
This can be done much faster than the system for reading information on current hard drives .
They propose that the magnetic state can be switched from “ up ” to “ down ” with a short pulse of electrical current , thereby fulfilling all the requirements for a fast magnetic memory cell .
Using the new technology , computers will never lose memory even during a power cut – as soon as the power is restored , the data will reappear .
Professor Simon Bending , of the University of Bath 's Department of Physics , said : “ The results are important as they suggest a new route for developing high density magnetic memory chips which will not lose information when the power is switched off .
For the first time data will be written and read very fast using only electrical currents . ”
“ We ’re particularly pleased as we were told in the beginning that our approach probably would not work , but we persevered and now it has definitely paid off . ”
Professor Bending worked with Dr Simon Crampin , Atif Aziz and Hywel Roberts in Bath , Dr Peter Heard of the University of Bristol and Dr Chris Marrows of the University of Leeds .
Another approach to overcoming the problem of storing data permanently with rapid retrieval times is that of magnetic random access memory chips ( MRAMs ) ; prototypes of these have already been developed by several companies .
However , MRAM uses the stray magnetic fields generated by wires that carry a high electrical current to switch the data state from “ up ” to “ down ” , which greatly limits the density of information storage .
In contrast , if the approach at Bath is developed commercially , this would allow the manufacture of magnetic memory chips with much higher packing densities , which can operate many times faster .
A paper written by the researchers appeared recently in the journal Physical Review Letters , entitled : Angular Dependence of Domain Wall Resistivity in Artificial Magnetic Domain Structures .
Source : University of Bath
Explore further Playing video games as a child can improve working memory years later : study
QR Code Link to This Post
Someone will approach you pretending to be your " loving wife " complete with gratuitous sex and your favourite snack .
She will then subtly ask if you have a balance on your credit card .
This is where you MUST answer " Yes , it 's completely maxed out " , otherwise she will cleverly slip it from your wallet while pretending to enjoy fondling your coconuts .
Later that day , while you rest comfortably on the couch remote in hand , your card will be used to purchase half a dozen ridiculously overpriced " sale " items .
The scam is so diabolical it resists any recourse by the presentation of one small gift , purchased with your card of course , special for you only .
Your " loving wife " will then revert back to " moody hag " and disappear to wherever it is they go while you 're in the house .
On a happy note , I really like my new Steelers hat , it keeps my head quite dry during my new part time job collecting shopping carts at Superstore .
Top
Ten things I do n't want to see at the Oscars
by Tony Farinella
Subscribe to MatchFlick Movie Columns through RSS
email this column to a friend
Keep the camera off George !
Can you feel the excitement ?
Can you ?
It 's only a few short weeks away until the Oscars .
Football fans have the Super Bowl and movie fans have the Oscars .
I 've talked at length about my excitement regarding the Oscars , but now it 's time to take a different road .
I 'm going to give you my Top 10 list of things that I do n't want to see at the Oscars .
The things that annoy me and irate me .
The things I hope they avoid this year .
Will they listen to me ?
Doubtful .
I present you with my list of things that I do n't want to see at the Oscars this year .
10 ) People going ape over what someone is wearing .
Am I the only one annoyed by the long and tedious discussions about what someone is wearing ?
I do n't care if they show up in football jerseys supporting their favorite team at the Oscars .
Everyone really looks the same to me .
I can't stand Randolph Duke and his elitist views on what someone should or should n't be wearing .
He takes all the fun out of the show .
I know it 's nice to get dressed up and look fancy , but who cares ?
Does it really add anything to the show ?
The show is all about the movies .
Let 's leave the fashion to the guys at Queer Eye for the Straight Guy .
9 ) Secondary winners getting just as much time to talk as the big winners .
I 'm sure your short film is special and fantastic , but cut your speech short .
We do n't need to hear you babble on for four minutes thanking your cleaning lady .
I just think it 's mind boggling that Clint Eastwood and Martin Scorsese get around the same time as the winner for Best Visual Effects .
I do n't mean to discredit your accomplishments , but not many people know who you are .
Thus , a simple thank - you will suffice .
We want to listen to the big stars in the major categories talk .
I hate when the big stars get their time cut short because we had to listen to Joe Cinematography ramble on for ten minutes .
8 ) Political Jokes
I 'm not taking any sides here , but the political jokes are getting predictable and lame .
They were funny at first , but now every hot shot who hosts the show takes a crack at them .
Keep the jokes related to film and film only .
I must admit I enjoyed Chris Rock 's political rant at the Oscars two years ago , but not everybody is Chris Rock .
I 'm not quite sure how Ellen will do , but I have my fingers crossed .
I think the host is a big part of the show .
Who will get one of these ?
They set the tone for the entire three hours of the show .
Whatever she does , I hope she keeps any political jokes at the door .
Let 's focus on the movies .
7 ) Predictable Winners
The Oscars have been very predictable for the last three years .
Now , I 'm happy to predict a lot of the winners , but I 'm not even that good .
Let 's have some fun surprises and shockers .
Let 's not make it anti-climatic and by - the - book .
I want to be blown away by some of the winners .
I want to wake up on Monday talking to my movie friends about what happened last night .
I want to discuss with them how nobody saw that person winning or that film winning .
I want to be on the edge of my seat waiting to see who will win when that envelope is opened .
I mean did anyone doubt that Reese would win last year ?
How about Jamie Foxx from two years ago ?
Keep it fresh , hip , and different .
How about a Ryan Gosling upset ?
6 ) Good Losers
I want someone to pull a Faith Hill at the Oscars .
I want someone to look pissed and angry that they lost .
I mean everybody wants to win , right ?
I 'm not asking someone to throw a childish tantrum , but do n't be phony .
I want the losers to shake their heads and look annoyed .
I do n't want any phony smiles or half - hearted applause .
I want them to look like Peyton Manning or Brett Favre after losing a game .
Be professional , but also be honest .
You wanted to win and you are not that happy that you lost .
Let it be shown !
I want an authentic and realistic response when you have just lost the award .
5 ) Focusing the camera on one actor for a good portion of the show .
Remember how last year they kept showing George Clooney ?
It seemed like they would put the camera on him every five minutes .
I 'm sure the female audience did n't mind it , but I got tired of seeing his mug .
It seems like every year they find someone to focus on for almost the entire show .
They cut the camera to that person after every joke and every speech .
I 'm not sure why they do this , but it annoys the heck out of me .
Spread the camera around along with the love .
And if you do focus on someone , please make sure it's a female this year .
4 ) Actors and media taking the show too seriously .
Now , I take the show seriously , but I also like to have fun with it .
I hate actors who act like it's a presidential election and act all uppity and proper at
Marty is over due !
the show .
Let your hair down and have fun !
It should be a celebration of movies .
Let 's not treat it like a test in high school .
Show the world that Hollywood knows how to have fun .
People always call the Oscars boring and long .
How about we prove to them that it 's entertaining , relaxed , and a lot of fun ?
In order to do that , everyone on the show has to have fun .
They also have to look like they are having fun .
That should n't be too hard , should it ?
3 ) Actors who have nothing to say when they win .
Remember Al Pacino ?
Even the greatest actor or actress can look like a bumbling and stumbling fool when they win an Oscar .
Be prepared to have something to say !
Also , make it memorable .
I loved the speeches from Jamie Foxx and Hilary Swank at the Oscars in 2005 .
They were prepared , yet spur - of - the - moment .
They let their emotions and the moment run wild .
Those are usually the best speeches .
The best way to give an Oscar speech is to have a speech planned , but also speak from the heart and what comes to you at the moment .
2 ) A show that runs on far too long .
I love the show as much as anyone , but I also know when enough is enough .
The show should run about 3 hours and that 's it .
If you go any longer than that , you are testing the patience of your audience .
You can only see so many awards handed out , before it loses its value .
Keep the show moving along , but do n't move too fast .
I do n't want a great moment being cut out due to time .
Just be wise when it comes to spreading the show out .
They have to know the strengths and weaknesses of the show .
If it works , let it flow and go with it .
If it does n't , cut it short and move on .
1 ) Marty not winning an Oscar .
This is number one running away .
If they invite him again and do n't let him win , it 's a tragedy .
How much more pain and suffering can this poor man go through ?
He 's had to sit back and watch his fantastic films lose to Kevin Costner and others .
Marty might not be around forever to make movies .
If anyone deserves an Oscar , it 's him .
Scorsese is one of the rare directors that does not come along everyday .
You should reward him for his work on not only THE DEPARTED , but over his entire career .
I also hope Marty rips into the Academy for snubbing him far too many times .
I know he wo n't , because he 's a class act .
That 's Marty for you .
He 's all class and talent .
email this column to a friend
Comment on this Column :
Sorry , you must be a member to add comments to columns .
Join or Login .
Subscribe to MatchFlick Movie Reviews through RSS
Single and Loving Flicks Every other Tuesday
Expect the unexpected from Tony as he 'll give you his columns on the way movies used to be , the way movies are , and the way they should be .
Other Columns Other columns by Tony Farinella :
This is the end .
The 2007 Thanksgiving Turkey Movie Awards
Danielle Harris of Halloween 4 and 5 Interview
The Four Seasons of SAW
I love 2004
All Columns
Tony Farinella
Tony is an Oak Lawn , IL based film reviewer and columnist looking to have fun and share his unique views on film with everyone .
Tony also has an unhealthy obsession with Vanessa Lengies , but that is neither here nor there .
Contact
If you have a comment , question , or suggestion , you can send a message to Tony Farinella by clicking here .
Digg This Column
Imagine having a spare copy of your immune system on ice , ready to replace your existing one should you fall victim to AIDS , an autoimmune disease , or have to undergo extensive chemotherapy for cancer .
An Anglo - American company called Lifeforce has received permission from the US Food and Drug Administration to do just that .
The firm collects 480 - millilitre samples of blood from healthy individuals , extracts the white blood cells and stores them as an insurance policy against future disease .
The service comes at a price , though : around $ 800 for taking the initial sample then $ 25 per month for storing the cells …
What millions would like the chance to do .
That must have felt really , really good .
An American intelligence assessment described to The New York Times said that “ as part of its strategy in Iraq , Iran is implementing a deliberate , calibrated policy — approved by Supreme Leader Khamenei and carried out by the Quds Force — to provide explosives support and training to select Iraqi Shia militant groups to conduct attacks against coalition targets . ”
The reference was to Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , the Iranian leader , and to an elite branch of Iran ’s Islamic Revolutionary Guards Command that is assigned the task of carrying out paramilitary operations abroad .
“ The likely aim is to make a military presence in Iraq more costly for the U.S. , ” the assessment said .
Other officials believe Iran is using the attacks to send a warning to the United States that it can inflict casualties on American troops if the United States takes a more forceful posture toward it .
Iran has publicly denied the allegations that it is providing military support to Shiite militants in Iraq .
Javad Zarif , Iran ’s ambassador to the United Nations , wrote in an Op - Ed article published on Thursday in The Times that the Bush administration was “ trying to make Iran its scapegoat and fabricating evidence of Iranian activities in Iraq . ”
The explosively formed penetrator , detonated on the roadside as American vehicles pass by , is capable of blasting a metal projectile through the side of an armored Humvee with devastating consequences .
American military officers say that attacks using the weapon reached a high point in December , when it accounted for a significant portion of Americans killed and wounded in Iraq .
For reasons that remain unclear , attacks using the device declined substantially in January , but the weapons remain one of the principal threats to American troops in and around Baghdad , where five additional brigades of American combat troops are to be deployed under the Bush administration ’s new plan .
“ It is the most effective I.E.D out there , ” said Lt. Col .
James Danna , who led the Second Battalion , Sixth Infantry Regiment in Baghdad last year , referring to improvised explosive devices , as the roadside bombs are known by the American military .
“ To me it is a political weapon .
There are not a lot of them out there , but every time we crack down on the Shia militias that weapon comes out .
They want to keep us on our bases , keep us out of their neighborhoods and prevent us from doing our main mission , which is protecting vulnerable portions of the population . ”
New Federalism is n’t that “ new ” anymore , but in the cacophony of today ’s policy debate its voice has been unfortunately muted .
It ’s time for someone to give the idea a louder megaphone .
Shifting power back to states or using local governments to test innovative new policies has been around in one form or another as a reaction to Washington - centric New Deal liberalism for more than a half - century .
Occasionally , however , changes in political conditions or the emergence of new actors on the government stage ripen a powerful idea .
After several years of lying fallow , federalism is ready for a new political harvest .
Republicans in particular , in search of new ideas to rebuild their political brand , may want to reprise the concept not only as a way to better solve problems and help people , but also as a tactic to rebuild to rebuild an agenda .
Over the past three decades , interest in New Federalism has ebbed and flowed , manifesting itself in different ways .
For example , both Presidents Nixon and Reagan tried to flow money to states by expanding the use of block grants .
More recently , after Republicans took control of Congress following the 1994 election , then - Republican governors like Tommy Thompson of Wisconsin and John Engler of Michigan worked with President Clinton ( also a former governor ) , and Republican congressional leaders to produce historic welfare reform , giving states more flexibility in running these programs .
But ironically , following the 2000 election , after another former governor — George W. Bush — won the White House and his party retained Congress , New Federalism moved into a period of radio silence in Washington .
At a time when the stars seemed aligned for the concept to reach its zenith , the notion of devolving money , power and influence out of Washington fell into a rhetorical black hole .
Maybe Republicans were too busy pulling the levers of power in Washington , and letting states experiment faded due to benign neglect .
Perhaps the prospect of unified control of the legislative and executive branches of government in Washington for the first time in nearly a half - century was a prize too precious to share .
Whatever the reasons , New Federalism withered on the vine over the last several years and it ’s time to breathe new life into the concept .
First of all it ’s a conservative concept with broad popular appeal , even among swing voters .
Surveys indicate the idea of devolving power out of Washington garners strong support across the political spectrum .
A recent Dutko Worldwide poll asked if voters preferred more power to state and local governments to make policy decisions and develop their own programs or would they rather have more centralized Washington decisionmaking .
Overall a robust 74 percent chose empowering states , while only about 1 in 5 preferred more Washington control .
And an equally healthy proportion of self - identified moderates ( 73 percent ) and independents ( 74 percent ) supported devolving power outside the Beltway .
Second , it ’s a way to assemble new proposals when the factory of ideas looks like it has undergone massive layoffs .
Many analysts believe Republicans need to restock the shelves of their policy storehouse — New Federalism offers pallets of new initiatives in areas such as education , health care and the environment .
Lawmakers interested in generating New Federalism ideas will find a willing partner in Georgia Gov. Sonny Perdue , the new chairman of the Republican Governors Association ( RGA ) .
Mr. Perdue is reinvigorating RGA ’s policy shop , an entity nearly shut down in the last several years .
“ He intends to breathe new life in to the role of governors in leading and setting the idea agenda , ” a close associate of his told me this week .
Third , it provides Republicans with a popular issue to distinguish themselves from the congressional Democrats .
Liberals in Congress will object to providing states with more flexibility and choices .
They are hardwired to adopt a Washington - knows - best attitude and this notion completely turns that approach on its face .
At a time when Republicans are on the prowl for creative policy proposals , tapping into the public ’s desire for more local control over issues represents a major political trophy .
Linking arms with governors , and helping them devolve money , power and influence out of Washington is a winning tactic for the Republican Party .
Republicans should raise their voices , along with governors to make sure decision makers outside the Beltway ’s amen chorus of liberal Democrats shape and control more government programs .
Reprising new federalism in word and deed is a way to do just that .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Story Highlights • Scientist working to track how the human brain processes religion , spirituality
• New field called neurotheology
• Similar areas of the brain are affected during prayer and meditation
Adjust font size :
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
" I just know God is with me .
I can feel Him always , " a young Haitian woman once told me .
" I 've meditated and gone to another place I can't describe .
Hours felt like mere minutes .
It was an indescribable feeling of peace , " recalled a CNN colleague .
" I 've spoken in languages I 've never learned .
It was God speaking through me , " confided a relative .
The accounts of intense religious and spiritual experiences are topics of fascination for people around the world .
It 's a mere glimpse into someone 's faith and belief system .
It 's a hint at a person 's intense connection with God , an omniscient being or higher plane .
Most people would agree the experience of faith is immeasurable .
Dr. Andrew Newberg , neuroscientist and author of " Why We Believe What We Believe , " wants to change all that .
He 's working on ways to track how the human brain processes religion and spirituality .
It 's all part of new field called neurotheology .
After spending his early medical career studying how the brain works in neurological and psychiatric conditions such as Alzheimer 's and Parkinson 's disease , depression and anxiety , Newberg took that brain - scanning technology and turned it toward the spiritual : Franciscan nuns , Tibetan Buddhists , and Pentecostal Christians speaking in tongues .
His team members at the University of Pennsylvania were surprised by what they found .
" When we think of religious and spiritual beliefs and practices , we see a tremendous similarity across practices and across traditions . "
The frontal lobe , the area right behind our foreheads , helps us focus our attention in prayer and meditation .
The parietal lobe , located near the backs of our skulls , is the seat of our sensory information .
Newberg says it 's involved in that feeling of becoming part of something greater than oneself .
The limbic system , nestled deep in the center , regulates our emotions and is responsible for feelings of awe and joy .
Newberg calls religion the great equalizer and points out that similar areas of the brain are affected during prayer and meditation .
Newberg suggests that these brain scans may provide proof that our brains are built to believe in God .
He says there may be universal features of the human mind that actually make it easier for us to believe in a higher power .
Interestingly enough , devout believers and atheists alike point to the brain scans as proof of their own ideas .
Some nuns and other believers champion the brain scans as proof of an innate , physical conduit between human beings and God .
According to them , it would only make sense that God would give humans a way to communicate with the Almighty through their brain functions .
Some atheists saw these brain scans as proof that the emotions attached to religion and God are nothing more than manifestations of brain circuitry .
Scott Atran does n't consider himself an atheist , but he says the brain scans offer little in terms of understanding why humans believe in God .
He is an anthropologist and author of " In Gods We Trust : The Evolutionary Landscape of Religion . "
Instead of viewing religion and spirituality as an innate quality hardwired by God in the human brain , he sees religion as a mere byproduct of evolution and Darwinian adaptation .
" Just like we 're not hardwired for boats , but humans in all cultures make boats in pretty much the same way , Atran explains .
" Now , that 's a result both of the way the brain works and of the needs of the world , and of trying to traverse a liquid medium and so I think religion is very much like that . "
Atran points to the palms of his hands as another example of evolutionary coincidence .
He says the creases formed there are a mere byproduct of human beings working with our hands -- stretching back to the ages of striking the first fires , hunting the first prey to building early shelter .
Although , the patterns in our palms were coincidentally formed by eons of evolution and survival , he points out that cultures around the world try to find meaning in them through different forms of palm reading .
Anthropologists like Atran say , " Religion is a byproduct of many different evolutionary functions that organized our brains for day - to - day activity . "
To be sure , religion has the unparalleled power to bring people into groups .
Religion has helped humans survive , adapt and evolve in groups over the ages .
It 's also helped us learn to cope with death , identify danger and finding mating partners .
Today , scientific images can track our thoughts on God , but it would take a long leap of faith to identify why we think of God in the first place .
A. Chris Gajilan is a senior producer with CNN Medical News .
Plants absorb carbon dioxide from the air and combine it with water molecules and sunshine to make carbohydrate or sugar .
Variations on this process provide fuel for all of life on Earth .
University of Wisconsin- Madison chemical and biological engineering Professor James Dumesic and his research team describe a two - stage process for turning biomass - derived sugar into 2,5 - dimethylfuran ( DMF ) , a liquid transportation fuel with 40 percent greater energy density than ethanol .
The prospects of diminishing oil reserves and the threat of global warming caused by releasing otherwise trapped carbon into the atmosphere have researchers searching for a sustainable , carbon - neutral fuel to reduce global reliance on fossil fuels .
By chemically engineering sugar through a series of steps involving acid and copper catalysts , salt and butanol as a solvent , UW - Madison researchers created a path to just such a fuel .
Currently , ethanol is the only renewable liquid fuel produced on a large scale , " says Dumesic .
" But ethanol suffers from several limitations .
It has relatively low energy density , evaporates readily , and can become contaminated by absorption of water from the atmosphere .
It also requires an energy - intensive distillation process to separate the fuel from water . "
Not only does dimethylfuran have higher energy content , it also addresses other ethanol shortcomings .
DMF is not soluble in water and therefore cannot become contaminated by absorbing water from the atmosphere .
DMF is stable in storage and , in the evaporation stage of its production , consumes one - third of the energy required to evaporate a solution of ethanol produced by fermentation for biofuel applications .
Dumesic and graduate students Yuriy Román - Leshkov , Christopher J. Barrett and Zhen Y . Liu developed their new catalytic process for creating DMF by expanding upon earlier work .
As reported in the June 30 , 2006 , issue of the journal Science , Dumesic 's team improved the process for making an important chemical intermediate , hydroxymethylfurfural ( HMF ) , from sugar .
Industry uses millions of tons of chemical intermediates , largely sourced from petroleum or natural gas , as the raw material for many modern plastics , drugs and fuels .
The team 's method for making HMF and converting it to DMF is a balancing act of chemistry , pressure , temperature and reactor design .
Fructose is initially converted to HMF in water using an acid catalyst in the presence of a low - boiling - point solvent .
The solvent extracts HMF from water and carries it to a separate location .
Although other researchers had previously converted fructose to HMF , Dumesic 's research group made a series of improvements that raised the HMF output and made the HMF easier to extract .
For example , the team found that adding salt ( NaCl ) dramatically improves the extraction of HMF from the reactive water phase and helps suppress the formation of impurities .
In the June 21 , 2007 , issue of Nature , Dumesic 's team describes its process for converting HMF to DMF over a copper - based catalyst .
The conversion removes two oxygen atoms from the compound lowering the boiling point , the temperature at which a liquid turns to gas , and making it suitable for use as transportation fuel .
Salt , while improving the production of HMF , presented an obstacle in the production of DMF .
It contributed chloride ions that poisoned the conventional copper chromite catalyst .
The team instead developed a copper - ruthenium catalyst providing chlorine resistance and superior performance .
Dumesic says more research is required before the technology can be commercialized .
For example , while its environmental health impact has not been thoroughly tested , the limited information available suggests DMF is similar to other current fuel components .
" There are some challenges that we need to address , " says Dumesic , " but this work shows that we can produce a liquid transportation fuel from biomass that has energy density comparable to petrol . "
The question of public lavatories is still very relevant in Russia , because there exists a shortage of them , especially in the big cities .
Sometimes there is no place to go at all and people even have to use free lavatories in McDonald’s .
This street construction is supposed to be an effective solution of existing problem , but there are still some details that should be improved .
Men and women should gather in groups and enter it by turn – first men group , next – women .
When the gentlemen finish their “ business ” there comes the turn for the ladies , and it seems that some ladies do n’t realize that this shelves are not actually shelves for their bags at all …
“ Hard work pays off later .
Laziness pays off now !
– Steven Wright ”
Introduction [ edit ]
By now , you are aware that Haskell uses lazy evaluation in that nothing is evaluated until necessary .
But what exactly does " until necessary " mean ?
In this chapter , we will see how lazy evaluation works ( how little black magic there is ) , what exactly it means for functional programming , and how to make the best use of it .
First , let 's consider the reasons and implications of lazy evaluation .
At first glance , we might think that lazy evaluation makes programs more efficient .
After all , what can be more efficient than not doing anything ?
In practice , however , laziness often introduces an overhead that leads programmers to hunt for places where they can make their code more strict .
The real benefit of laziness is in making the right things efficient enough .
Lazy evaluation allows us to write more simple , elegant code than we could in a strict environment .
Nonstrictness versus Laziness [ edit ]
There is a slight difference between laziness and nonstrictness .
Nonstrict semantics refers to a given property of Haskell programs that you can rely on : nothing will be evaluated until it is needed .
Lazy evaluation is how you implement nonstrictness using a device called thunks which we explain in the next section .
However , these two concepts are so closely linked that it helps to explain them both together .
Knowledge of thunks helps in understanding nonstrictness , and the semantics of nonstrictness explains why we use lazy evaluation in the first place .
So , we 'll introduce the concepts simultaneously and make no particular effort to keep them from intertwining ( with the exception of getting the terminology right ) .
Thunks and Weak head normal form [ edit ]
You need to understand two principles to see how programs execute in Haskell .
First , we have the property of nonstrictness : we evaluate as little as possible and delay evaluation as long as possible .
Second , Haskell values are highly layered ; and ' evaluating ' a Haskell value could mean evaluating down to any one of these layers .
Let 's walk through a few examples using a pair .
let ( x , y ) = ( length [ 1 .. 5 ] , reverse " olleh " ) in ...
Assume that in the ' in ' part , we use x and y somewhere — otherwise , we would n't need to evaluate the let - binding at all !
The right - hand side could have been undefined , and it would still work if the ' in ' part does n't mention x or y .
This assumption will remain for all the examples in this section .
What do we know about x ?
We can calculate that x must be 5 and y is " hello " , but remember the first principle : we do n't evaluate the calls to length and reverse until we 're forced to .
So , we say that x and y are both thunks : that is , they are unevaluated values with a recipe that explains how to evaluate them .
For example , for x this recipe says ' Evaluate length [ 1..5 ] '.
However , we are actually doing some pattern matching on the left hand side .
What would happen if we removed that ?
let z = ( length [ 1 .. 5 ] , reverse " olleh " ) in ...
Although it 's still pretty obvious to us that z is a pair , the compiler sees that we 're not trying to deconstruct the value on the right - hand side of the '= ' sign at all , so it does n't really care what 's there .
It lets z be a thunk on its own .
Later on , when we try to use z , we 'll probably need one or both of the components , so we 'll have to evaluate z , but for now , it can be a thunk .
Above , we said Haskell values were layered .
We can see that at work if we pattern match on z :
let z = ( length [ 1 .. 5 ] , reverse " olleh " ) ( n , s ) = z in ...
After the first line has been executed , z is simply a thunk .
We know nothing about the sort of value it is because we have n't been asked to find out yet .
In the second line , however , we pattern match on z using a pair pattern .
The compiler thinks ' I better make sure that pattern does indeed match z , and in order to do that , I need to make sure z is a pair . '
Be careful , though — we 're not yet doing anything with the component parts ( the calls to length and reverse ) , so they can remain unevaluated .
In other words , z , which was just a thunk , gets evaluated to something like ( * thunk * , * thunk* ) , and n and s become thunks which , when evaluated , will be the component parts of the original z .
Let 's try a slightly more complicated pattern match :
let z = ( length [ 1 .. 5 ] , reverse " olleh " ) ( n , s ) = z ' h' : ss = s in ...
The pattern match on the second component of z causes some evaluation .
The compiler wishes to check that the 'h ' : ss pattern matches the second component of the pair .
So , it :
Evaluates the top level of s to ensure it's a cons cell : s = * thunk * : * thunk * .
( If s had been an empty list we would encounter a pattern match failure error at this point . )
Evaluates the first thunk it just revealed to make sure it's ' h ' : ss = ' h' : * thunk *
The rest of the list stays unevaluated , and ss becomes a thunk which , when evaluated , will be the rest of this list .
Evaluating the value ( 4 , [ 1 , 2 ] ) step by step .
The first stage is completely unevaluated ; all subsequent forms are in WHNF , and the last one is also in normal form .
We can ' partially evaluate ' ( most ) Haskell values .
Also , there is some sense of the minimum amount of evaluation we can do .
For example , if we have a pair thunk , then the minimum amount of evaluation takes us to the pair constructor with two unevaluated components : ( * thunk * , * thunk * ) .
If we have a list , the minimum amount of evaluation takes us either to a cons cell * thunk * : * thunk * or an empty list [ ] .
Note that in the empty list case , no more evaluation can be performed on the value ; it is said to be in normal form .
If we are at any of the intermediate steps so that we 've performed at least some evaluation on a value , it is in weak head normal form ( WHNF ) .
( There is also a ' head normal form ' , but it 's not used in Haskell . )
Fully evaluating something in WHNF reduces it to something in normal form ; if at some point we needed to , say , print z out to the user , we 'd need to fully evaluate it , including those calls to length and reverse , to ( 5 , " hello " ) , where it is in normal form .
Performing any degree of evaluation on a value is sometimes called forcing that value .
Note that for some values there is only one result .
For example , you can't partially evaluate an integer .
It 's either a thunk or it 's in normal form .
Furthermore , if we have a constructor with strict components ( annotated with an exclamation mark , as with data MaybeS a = NothingS | JustS !a ) , these components become evaluated as soon as we evaluate the level above .
I.e. we can never have JustS * thunk* — as soon as we get to this level , the strictness annotation on the component of JustS forces us to evaluate the component part .
In this section we 've explored the basics of laziness .
We 've seen that nothing gets evaluated until it is needed ( in fact , the only place that Haskell values get evaluated is in pattern matches and inside certain primitive IO functions ) .
This principle even applies to evaluating values — we do the minimum amount of work on a value that we need to compute our result .
Lazy and strict functions [ edit ]
Functions can be lazy or strict ' in an argument ' .
Most functions need to do something with their arguments , and this will involve evaluating these arguments to different levels .
For example , length needs to evaluate only the cons cells in the argument you give it , not the contents of those cons cells .
length * thunk * might evaluate to something like length ( * thunk * : * thunk * : * thunk* : [ ] ) , which in turn evaluates to 3 .
Others need to evaluate their arguments fully , as in ( length . show ) .
If you had length $ show * thunk * , there 's no way you can do anything other than evaluate that thunk to normal form .
So , some functions evaluate their arguments more fully than others .
Given two functions of one parameter , f and g , we say f is stricter than g if f x evaluates x to a deeper level than g x .
Often , we only care about WHNF , so a function that evaluates its argument to at least WHNF is called strict and one that performs no evaluation is lazy .
What about functions of more than one parameter ?
Well , we can talk about functions being strict in one parameter , but lazy in another .
For example , given a function like the following :
f x y = length $ show x
Clearly we need to perform no evaluation on y , but we need to evaluate x fully to normal form , so f is strict in its first parameter but lazy in its second .
Exercises
Why must we fully evaluate x to normal form in f x y = show x ?
Which is the stricter function ?
f x = length [ head x ] g x = length ( tail x )
In the original discussion about Folds , we discussed memory problems with foldl that are solved by the strictly - evaluated foldl' .
Essentially , foldr ( :) [ ] and foldl ( flip ( : ) ) [ ] both evaluate their arguments to the same level of strictness , but foldr can start producing values straight away , whereas foldl needs to evaluate cons cells all the way to the end before it starts producing any output .
So , there are times when strictness can be valuable .
Black - box strictness analysis [ edit ]
If f returns an error when passed undefined , it must be strict .
Otherwise , it 's lazy .
Imagine we 're given some function f which takes a single parameter .
We 're not allowed to look at its source code , but we want to know whether f is strict or not .
How might we do this ?
Probably the easiest way is to use the standard Prelude value undefined .
Forcing undefined to any level of evaluation will halt our program and print an error , so all of these print errors :
let ( x , y ) = undefined in x length undefined head undefined JustS undefined -- Using MaybeS as defined in the last section
So if a function is strict , passing it undefined will result in an error .
Were the function lazy , passing it undefined would print no error and we can carry on as normal .
For example , none of the following produce errors :
let ( x , y ) = ( 4 , undefined ) in x length [ undefined , undefined , undefined ] head ( 4 : undefined )
Just undefined
So we can say that f is a strict function if , and only if , f undefined results in an error being printed and the halting of our program .
In the context of nonstrict semantics [ edit ]
What we 've presented so far makes sense until you start to think about functions like id .
Is id strict ?
Our gut reaction is probably to say " No !
It does n't evaluate its argument , therefore it 's lazy " .
However , let 's apply our black - box strictness analysis from the last section to id .
Clearly , id undefined is going to print an error and halt our program , so should n't we say that id is strict ?
The reason for this mixup is that Haskell 's nonstrict semantics makes the whole issue a bit murkier .
Nothing gets evaluated if it does n't need to be , according to nonstrictness .
In the following code , will length undefined be evaluated ?
[ 4 , 10 , length undefined , 12 ]
If you type this into GHCi , it seems strict — you 'll get an error .
However , our question was something of a trick .
It does n't make sense to state whether a value gets evaluated unless we 're doing something to this value .
Think about it : if we type in head [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] into GHCi , the only reason we have to do any evaluation whatsoever is because GHCi has to print us out the result .
Typing [ 4 , 10 , length undefined , 12 ] again requires GHCi to print that list back to us , so it must evaluate it to normal form .
In your average Haskell program , nothing at all will be evaluated until we come to perform the IO in main .
So it makes no sense to say whether something is evaluated or not unless we know what it 's being passed to , one level up .
One lesson here is : do n't blindly trust GHCi because everything in GHCi is filtered through IO !
So when we say " Does f x force x ? " what we really mean is " Given that we 're forcing f x , does x get forced as a result ? " .
Now we can turn our attention back to id .
If we force id x to normal form , then x will be forced to normal form , so we conclude that id is strict .
id itself does n't evaluate its argument , it just hands it on to the caller who will .
One way to see this is in the following code :
--
We evaluate the right - hand of the let - binding to WHNF by pattern - matching -- against it .
let ( x , y ) = undefined in x -- Error , because we force undefined .
let ( x , y ) = id undefined in x -- Error , because we force undefined .
id does n't " stop " the forcing , so it is strict .
Contrast this to a clearly lazy function , const ( 3 , 4 ) :
let ( x , y ) = undefined in x -- Error , because we force undefined .
let ( x , y ) = const ( 3 , 4 ) undefined --
No error , because const ( 3 , 4 ) is lazy .
The denotational view on things [ edit ]
If you 're familiar with denotational semantics ( perhaps you 've read the wikibook chapter ? ) , then the strictness of a function can be summed up very succinctly :
f ⊥ = ⊥ ⇔ f is strict
Assuming that , we can say that everything with type forall a. a , including undefined , error " any string " , throw and so on , has denotation ⊥ .
Lazy pattern matching [ edit ]
You might have seen pattern matches like the following in Haskell sources .
-- From Control .
Arrow ( *** ) f g ~ ( x , y ) = ( f x , g y )
The question is : what does the tilde sign ( ~ ) mean in the above pattern match ?
~ makes a lazy pattern or irrefutable pattern .
Normally , if you pattern match using a constructor as part of the pattern , you have to evaluate any argument passed into that function to make sure it matches the pattern .
For example , if you had a function like the above , the third argument would be evaluated when you call the function to make sure the value matches the pattern .
( Note that the first and second arguments wo n't be evaluated , because the patterns f and g match anything .
Also it 's worth noting that the components of the tuple wo n't be evaluated : just the ' top level ' .
Try let f ( Just x ) = 1 in f ( Just undefined ) to see this . )
However , prepending a pattern with a tilde sign delays the evaluation of the value until the component parts are actually used .
But you run the risk that the value might not match the pattern — you 're telling the compiler ' Trust me , I know it 'll work out ' .
( If it turns out it does n't match the pattern , you get a runtime error . )
To illustrate the difference :
Prelude > let f ( x , y ) = 1 Prelude > f undefined *** Exception : Prelude.undefined Prelude > let f ~ ( x , y ) = 1 Prelude > f undefined 1
In the first example , the value is evaluated because it has to match the tuple pattern .
You evaluate undefined and get undefined , which stops the proceedings .
In the latter example , you do n't bother evaluating the parameter until it 's needed , which turns out to be never , so it does n't matter you passed it undefined .
To bring the discussion around in a circle back to (***) :
Prelude > ( const 1 *** const 2 ) undefined ( 1,2 )
If the pattern were n't irrefutable , the example would have failed .
When does it make sense to use lazy patterns ?
[ edit ]
Essentially , use lazy patterns when you only have the single constructor for the type , e.g. tuples .
Multiple equations wo n't work nicely with irrefutable patterns .
To see this , let 's examine what would happen were we to make head have an irrefutable pattern :
head ' :: [ a ] -> a head ' ~ [ ] = undefined head ' ~ ( x:xs ) = x
We 're using one of these patterns for sure , and we need not evaluate even the top level of the argument until absolutely necessary , so we do n't know whether it's an empty list or a cons cell .
As we 're using an irrefutable pattern for the first equation , this will match , and the function will always return undefined .
Exercises
Why wo n't changing the order of the equations to head ' help here ?
help here ?
If the first equation is changed to use an ordinary refutable pattern , will the behavior of head ' still be different from that of head ?
If so , how ?
Benefits of nonstrict semantics [ edit ]
Why make Haskell a nonstrict language in the first place ?
What advantages are there ?
Separation of concerns without time penalty [ edit ]
Lazy evaluation encourages a kind of " what you see is what you get " mentality when it comes to coding .
For example , let 's say you wanted to find the lowest three numbers in a long list .
In Haskell this is achieved extremely naturally : take 3 ( sort xs ) .
However a naïve translation of that code in a strict language would be a very bad idea !
It would involve computing the entire sorted list , then chopping off all but the first three elements .
However , with lazy evaluation we stop once we 've sorted the list up to the third element , so this natural definition turns out to be efficient ( depending on the implementation of sort ) .
To give a second example , the function isInfixOf from Data .
List allows you to see if one string is a substring of another string .
It 's easily definable as :
isInfixOf :: Eq a => [ a ] -> [ a ] ->
Bool isInfixOf x y = any ( is PrefixOf x ) ( tails y )
Again , this would be suicide in a strict language as computing all the tails of a list would be very time - consuming .
However , here we only evaluate enough elements of each tail to determine whether it has prefix x or not , and stop and return True once we found one with prefix x .
There are many more examples along these lines .
[ 1]
So we can write code that looks and feels natural and does n't incur any time penalty .
However , as always in Computer Science ( and in life ) , a tradeoff exists ( in particular , a space - time tradeoff ) .
Using a thunk instead of a plain Int for a trivial calculation ( like 2+2 ) can be a waste .
For more examples , see the page on Haskell / Strictness .
Improved code reuse [ edit ]
Often code reuse is desireable .
For example , we 'll take again ( but in more detail ) isInfixOf from Data .
List .
Let 's look at the full definition :
-- From the Prelude or = foldr ( || )
False any p = or .
map p -- From Data .
List is PrefixOf [ ] _ = True is PrefixOf _ [ ] = False is PrefixOf ( x : xs ) ( y : ys ) = x == y && is PrefixOf xs ys tails [ ] = [ [ ] ] tails xss @ ( _ : xs ) = xss : tails xs --
Our function isInfixOf :: Eq a => [ a ] -> [ a ] ->
Bool isInfixOf x y = any ( is PrefixOf x ) ( tails y )
Where any , is PrefixOf and tails are the functions taken from the Data .
List library .
This function determines if its first parameter , x occurs as a subsequence of its second , y ; when applied on String 's ( i.e. [ Char ] ) , it checks if x is a substring of y .
Read in a strict way , it forms the list of all the tails of y , then checks them all to see if any of them have x as a prefix .
In a strict language , writing this function this way ( relying on the already - written programs any , is PrefixOf , and tails ) would be silly , because it would be far slower than it needed to be .
You 'd end up doing direct recursion again , or in an imperative language , a couple of nested loops .
You might be able to get some use out of is PrefixOf , but you certainly would n't use tails .
You might be able to write a usable shortcutting any , but it would be more work , since you would n't want to use foldr to do it .
Now , in a lazy language , all the shortcutting is done for you .
You do n't end up rewriting foldr to shortcut when you find a solution or rewriting the recursion done in tails so that it will stop early again .
You can reuse standard library code better .
Laziness is n't just a constant - factor speed thing , it makes a qualitative impact on the code which is reasonable to write .
In fact , it 's commonplace to define infinite structures , and then only use as much as is needed , rather than having to mix up the logic of constructing the data structure with code that determines whether any part is needed .
Code modularity is increased , as laziness gives you more ways to chop up your code into small pieces , each of which does a simple task of generating , filtering , or otherwise manipulating data .
Why Functional Programming Matters largely focuses on examples where laziness is crucial and provides a strong argument for lazy evaluation being the default .
Infinite data structures [ edit ]
Examples :
fibs = 1 : 1 : zipWith ( + ) fibs ( tail fibs ) " rock - scissors - paper " example from Bird & Wadler prune .
generate
Infinite data structures usually tie a knot , too , but the Sci-Fi-Explanation of that is better left to the next section .
One could move the next section before this one but I think that infinite data structures are simpler than tying general knots
Common nonstrict idioms [ edit ]
Tying the knot [ edit ]
More practical examples ?
repMin
Sci-Fi-Explanation : " You can borrow things from the future as long as you do n't try to change them " .
Advanced : the " Blueprint " - technique .
Examples : the one from the haskellwiki , the one from the mailing list .
At first a pure functional language seems to have a problem with circular data structures .
Suppose I have a data type like this :
data Foo a =
Foo { value :: a , next :: Foo a }
If I want to create two objects " x " and " y " where " x " contains a reference to " y " and " y " contains a reference to " x " then in a conventional language this is straightforward : create the objects and then set the relevant fields to point to each other :
-- Not Haskell code x := new Foo ; y := new Foo ; x.value := 1 ; x.next := y ; y.value := 2 y. next := x ;
In Haskell this kind of modification is not allowed .
So instead we depend on lazy evaluation :
circularFoo :: Foo Int circularFoo = x where x = Foo 1 y y = Foo 2 x
This depends on the fact that the " Foo " constructor is a function , and like most functions it gets evaluated lazily .
Only when one of the fields is required does it get evaluated .
It may help to understand what happens behind the scenes here .
When a lazy value is created ( for example , by a call to " Foo " ) , the compiler generates an internal data structure called a " thunk " containing the function call and arguments .
When the value of the function is demanded , the function is called ( as you would expect ) .
But then the thunk data structure is replaced with the return value .
Thus , anything else that refers to that value gets it straight away without the need to call the function .
( Note that the Haskell language standard makes no mention of thunks : they are an implementation mechanism .
From the mathematical point of view this is a straightforward example of mutual recursion . )
So , when we call " circularFoo " the result " x " is actually a thunk .
One of the arguments is a reference to a second thunk representing " y " .
This in turn has a reference back to the thunk representing " x " .
If we then use the value " next x " this forces the " x " thunk to be evaluated and returns a reference to the " y " thunk .
If I use the value " next $ next x " then I force the evaluation of both thunks .
So now both thunks have been replaced with the actual " Foo " structures , referring to each other .
Which is what we wanted .
This is most often applied with constructor functions , but it is n't limited just to constructors .
You can just as readily write :
x = f y y = g x
The same logic applies .
Memoization , Sharing and Dynamic Programming [ edit ]
Dynamic programming with immutable arrays .
DP with other finite maps , Hinze 's paper " Trouble shared is Trouble halved " .
Let - floating \x -> let z = foo x in \y -> ... .
Conclusions about laziness [ edit ]
Laziness :
Can make qualitative improvements to performance !
Can hurt performance in some other cases .
Makes code simpler .
Makes hard problems conceivable .
Allows for separation of concerns with regard to generating and processing data .
Notes
↑ In general , expressions like prune .
generate , where generate produces a list of items and prune cuts them down , will be much more efficient in a nonstrict language .
When a ray of light crosses a boundary from air to water , glass or other transparent material , it bends , and the degree of bending is determined by the index of refraction .
Air has an index of 1 .
Water ’s index of refraction is about 1.3 .
That is why rippling water waves distort the view of a pond bottom , for instance .
It is refraction that makes a straw in a glass of water look as if it is bending toward the surface , and fish swimming in a pond look closer to the surface than they really are .
Diamonds have a refractive index of 2.4 , giving them their sparkling beauty .
For visible light , transparent materials like glass , water and diamonds all have an index of 1 or higher , meaning that when the light enters , its path bends inward , closer to the perpendicular .
Because the index is uniform throughout a material , the bending occurs only as the light crosses a boundary .
But with metamaterials , scientists can now also create indexes of refraction from 0 to 1 .
In the Duke cloaking device , the index actually varies smoothly from 0 , at the inside surface of the cylinder , to 1 , at the outside surface .
That causes the path of light to curve not just at the boundaries , but also as it passes through the metamaterial .
Metamaterials first took center stage in a scientific spat a few years ago over a startling claim that the index of refraction could be not just less than 1 , but also negative , less than 0 .
Light entering such a material would take a sharp turn , almost as if it had bounced off an invisible mirror as it crossed the boundary .
The refractive index depends on the response of a material to electric and magnetic fields .
Typically within a material , electrons flow in a way to minimize the effects of an external electric field , producing an internal electrical field in the opposite direction .
But that is not universally true .
For some metals like silver , an oscillating electric field induces a field in the same , not opposite , direction .
Victor G. Veselago , a Russian physicist , realized in the 1960s that if it were possible to find a material that responded in a contrarian way not just to electric fields and but also magnetic fields , a result would be a negative index of refraction .
Montana , Virginia and the Senate in the Balance
[ UPDATE at 10:10 am , West Coast time : AP has called the Montana race for Tester .
The unofficial results show about a 1,900 vote lead for Tester , though these figures may not be up to date .
This update on the Virginia counting makes me even more convinced that there 's not going to be a case for Allen to dispute this result . ]
At this point -- barring discovery of a large number of uncounted votes in Montana or Virginia that would break Republican -- it is very likely that Democrats will soon be found to be the winners of the Senate elections in Montana and Virginia , giving Democrats control of the Senate .
For this reason , by the end of today or tomorrow , I expect the controversy to be over and most people to get back to the business of ignoring the serious flaws with our election administration system that were revealed again yesterday .
I 've already explained why a recount or contest in Virginia is unlikely .
Similar reasoning applies to Montana , and illustrates the first rule of recounts ( perhaps from the " Recount Handbook " --- I can't find the reference now ) :
In a close race , it is always better to be ahead .
Bush v.
Gore illustrates this principle so well and explains why Gore spent all the time on the recount portion of the case before it went to an election contest .
According to the most recent report from Montana I 've seen , the Democrat Tester holds a 1,739 vote lead over Rep. Sen .
Burns , with the majority of uncounted ballots apparently being from areas with Democratic leanings , or provisional ballots , which many of us expect generally break Democratic .
The unknown question is if there are still a significant number of absentee ballots remaining to be counted , which tend to break Republican .
If there are not many absentee ballots remaining to be counted , Burns will have a big gap to close .
Given the expected margin , he likely still will have the ability under Montana law to ask for a recount and / or file an election contest .
Ned Foley has just put up a very helpful post setting forth the relevant statutes and caselaw .
My reading of these statutes is that unless Burns could point to some serious problem with the way the election was conducted , this race will be over too by the end of the day or tomorrow .
I have seen no reports of serious irregularities with the way the vote was conducted in Montana , so it is hard to imagine what could be put in contention in a judicial contest .
It certainly helps Tester that Montana uses optically scanned ballots and hand ballots .
It takes away the possibility or arguing that electronic voting machines somehow malfunctioned and changed the election result .
Posted by Rick Hasen at November 8 , 2006 08:28 AM
Mystery of explosive star solved By Ker Than
SPACE.com
A artist 's impression of the nova explosion in RS Ophiuchi .
YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS Astronomy Space Exploration Goddard Space Flight Center National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) or or Create Your Own ( SPACE.com ) --
In February , a faint star a few thousand light - years away flared suddenly , beaming so brightly that for a few days it was visible to the naked eye .
The star is a stellar corpse the size of Earth , known as a white dwarf , and it is paired in a binary system with a red giant , a dying , bloated star that once resembled our sun .
The red giant has been dumping gas onto the surface of the white dwarf , and every few years , enough matter accumulates to set off a giant thermonuclear explosion .
It was one of these explosions , called a " nova , " that astronomers and stargazers detected earlier this year .
The two - star system , called RS Ophiuchi , is known as a recurrent nova because five similar eruptions have been detected before .
The first observation occurred in 1898 ; the last eruption prior to this latest one happened in 1985 .
The new observations , made using advanced radio and X - ray telescopes not available during the last outburst , reveal the explosion to be more complex than was previously assumed .
Standard computer models had predicted a spherical explosion with matter ejected in all directions equally .
The latest observations instead showed that the explosion evolved into two lobes , confirming suspicions that the nova outburst produces twin jets of stellar material that spews out from the white dwarf in opposite directions .
" The radio images represent the first time we 've ever seen the birth of a jet in a white dwarf system .
We literally see the jet ' turn on , ' " said Michael Rupen , an astronomer at the National Radio Astronomy Observatory who studied RS Ophiuchi using the Very Long Baseline Array ( VLBA ) .
As impressive as the nova are , they might just be precursors for a more violent supernova explosion that will occur in the future , scientists say .
The white dwarf 's thermonuclear blasts are similar to those that occur on the surface of the sun , but they can be over 100,000 times more powerful .
During each outburst , an amount of gas equal to the mass of the Earth is flung into space .
Some of this ejected matter slams into the extended atmosphere of the inflated red giant , creating blast waves that accelerate electrons to nearly the speed of light .
As the electrons travel through the stars ' magnetic fields , they emit radio waves that can be detected by telescopes on Earth .
The blast waves move at over four million miles ( about 6.4 million kilometers ) per hour .
For a few weeks during each outburst , the white dwarf becomes a red giant .
" After the [ thermonuclear explosion ] , the white dwarf will puff up into a red giant for a few weeks as the hydrogen that has been blasted into space fuses into helium , " explains Richard Barry of the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland .
All eyes on Ophiuchi Japanese astronomers first detected signs of RS Ophiuchi's latest nova on the night of February 12 .
Follow - up observations by radio telescopes revealed an expanding blast wave whose diameter was already the size of Saturn 's orbit around the Sun .
In the weeks following , several radio and X - ray telescopes around the world tracked RS Ophiuchi closely , including the MERLIN array in the UK , the European EVN array , the Very Long Baseline Array ( VLBA ) and Very Large Array ( VLA ) in the United States , and NASA 's Swift and Rossi X-ray Timing Explorer satellites .
Findings from the Rossi X-ray Timing Explorer and the VLBA / EVN observations are detailed in two separate studies published in the July 20 issue of the journal Nature .
The red giant and white dwarf stars making up RS Ophiuchi are separated by about 1.5 astronomical units , or one and a half times the distance the Earth is from the sun .
The binary star system is located in the constellation Ophiuchus , about 5,000 light - years away -- very close by astronomical standards .
" We have a ringside seat for this very important event , " Barry told SPACE.com .
Barry is a co-author on another study on RS Ophiuchi that will appear in an upcoming edition of Astrophysical Journal .
Supernova precursor ?
When the outburst is over , gas will once again build up on the white dwarf and the explosions will begin anew , perhaps in some 20 years time .
It 's unknown whether the white dwarf casts off all of its accumulated matter during each eruption , or whether some of the material is being hoarded and slowly increasing the mass of the dead star .
" If the white dwarf is increasing in mass then it will eventually be ripped apart in a titanic supernova explosion and the cycle of outbursts will come to an end , " said Tim O'Brien of the University of Manchester , a co-author on one of the Nature studies .
White dwarfs must attain a critical 1.4 solar masses before they can explode in what scientists call a Type 1a supernova .
The white dwarf in RS Ophiuchi is near this critical limit now , but it will still probably need hundreds of thousands of years to accumulate the final bit of mass , scientists say .
Because all Type 1a supernovas emit the same amount of light at their peak , they serve as important " standard candles " which astronomers use to calculate cosmic distances .
" Our understanding of these objects is exceedingly important as any miscalculation or uncertainty in the total light of output of supernovae could have a dramatic effect on our calculations of the scale and size of the entire universe , " Barry said .
Copyright © 1999 - 2006 SPACE.com , Inc .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
IMAGINE a newspaper with more than 2,000 writers , researchers and copy editors , yet no supervisors or managers to speak of .
No deadlines ; no meetings to plan coverage ; no decisions handed down through a chain of command ; no getting up on a desk to lead a toast after a job well done .
It does n’t sound like any news operation that any journalist would recognize .
Yet that seemingly chaotic nonstructure best describes the scene at Wikipedia , the online encyclopedia , which , for a few days last week , served as an essential news source for hundreds of thousands of people on the Internet trying to understand the shootings at Virginia Tech University .
From the contributions of 2,074 editors , at last count , the site created a polished , detailed article on the massacre , with more than 140 separate footnotes , as well as sidebars that profiled the shooter , Seung - Hui Cho , and gave a timeline of the attacks .
According to the foundation that runs the various Wikipedias around the world , there were more than 750,000 visits to the main article on the shootings in its first two days , an average of four visits a second .
Even The Roanoke Times , which is published near Blacksburg , Va. , where the university is located , noted on Thursday that Wikipedia “ has emerged as the clearinghouse for detailed information on the event . ”
AMID all of the xenophobia and nativism surrounding the immigration debate , there is a real security concern .
In the language of the bureaucracy , the problem is referred to as the “ O.T.M. ’s , ” or Other Than Mexicans .
Thousands of non-Mexicans are caught crossing the United States border every year .
They can not be sent back to Mexico , but must be deported to their home country .
Until recently , most were given a deportation hearing date and then simply released .
Not surprisingly , few showed up for their scheduled appearances .
Beginning last year , however , most who are caught are put into detention .
They are then put through a procedure called expedited removal , under which many are flown back home within a few weeks .
Many of these non-Mexicans come from Iraq , Pakistan , Yemen , the Palestinian territories and other areas of concern to counterterrorism officials .
What we do n’t know is how many others are evading the Border Patrol every year and what happens to them when they leave the border area .
It ’s not too hard to imagine that these illegal immigrants , who have clearly spent a lot of money getting to Mexico and then into the United States , are able to buy themselves an identity and corroborating papers once in an American city .
Since 9/11 , it has been far more difficult to get a visa to enter the United States if you are a citizen of a country considered a terrorism concern .
But it is not difficult for a Pakistani , for example , to enter Mexico or another Central American country from which he can get to our border relatively easily , cross it and blend in .
Next week G8 summit will take place in Germany port of Rostock was crowded by tens of thousands of protestors .
Leaders of the wealthiest countries will gather next Wednesday in Heiligendamn .
Organizers hope to see 100 000 people that belongs to anti-poverty and anti-globalization groups . .
Because of this in northeastern Germanwas crowded by tens of thousands of .
Leaders of the wealthiest countries will gather next Wednesday in .
Organizers hope to see 100 000 people that belongs to anti-poverty andgroups .
As police say there were just 30 000 of demonstrators .
But even in this situation police used tear gas and batons against the crowd .
There were a few of slogans between the protestors : " G8 = terrorism , war , climate killer " and " No dialogue with capitalism . "
An unnamed UK firm has agreed to pay a record fine of £ 250,000 ( $ 498 K ) for running unlicensed software .
The company ( which operates in the infrastructure and public services sector ) was running unlicensed copies of Adobe , Autodesk , and Microsoft software on hundreds of PCs across several UK locations .
The Business Software Alliance ( BSA ) started its investigation into the firm in October 2006 , eventually resulting in the agreement of an out - of - court settlement late last month .
" The size of the settlement is a reflection of the serious nature and scale of unlicensed software use at this company , " said Sarah Coombes , director of legal affairs in EMEA for the BSA .
Illegal software use remains high among UK businesses , with piracy rates static at around 27 per cent for the last three years .
The BSA said it was investigating a large number of companies for suspected software piracy . ®
Looking for a fun way to spice things up in ye olde bedroom department ?
Karmasheetra is an ideal surprise for a stag and hen night game , a cheeky engagement / wedding gift , a tongue in cheek birthday present , a saucy Christmas stocking filler and a perfect " here 's hoping " valentine gift !
Maybe you ’re just the adventurous type who wants a naughty treat ?
If so ... then Look no further →
AMSTERDAM–For years , W.B. Kranendonk was a lone ranger in Dutch politics – the editor of an orthodox Christian newspaper in a nation that has legalized prostitution , euthanasia , abortion and same - sex marriage and allows the personal use of marijuana .
Today , with an orthodox Christian political party in the government for the first time , and with immigration anxieties fuelling a national search for identity , the country that has been the world 's most socially liberal political laboratory is rethinking its anything - goes policies .
And suddenly , Kranendonk no longer seems so alone .
" People in high political circles are saying it can't be good to have a society so liberal that everything is allowed , " said Kranendonk , editor of Reformist Daily and an increasingly influential voice in the shifting mainstream of Dutch public opinion .
" People are saying we should have values ; people are asking for more and more rules in society . ' "
In cities across the Netherlands , mayors and town councils are closing down shops where marijuana is sold , rolled and smoked .
Municipalities are shuttering the brothels where prostitutes have been allowed to ply their trade legally .
Parliament is considering a ban on the sale of hallucinogenic " magic mushrooms . "
Orthodox Christian members of parliament have introduced a bill that would allow civil officials with moral objections to refuse to perform gay marriages .
And Dutch authorities are trying to curtail the activities of an abortion rights group that assists women in neighbouring countries where abortions are illegal .
The effort to rein in the Netherlands 's famed social liberties is not limited to the small , newly empowered Christian Union party , which holds two of the 16 ministries in the coalition government formed this year .
Increasingly , politicians from the more centre - left Labour party are among the most outspoken proponents of closing some brothels and marijuana shops – known here as " coffee shops . ''
" Has the Netherlands changed ?
Yes , " said Frank de Wolf , a Labour party member of Amsterdam city council .
" There is not only a different mood among our people and politicians , but there are different problems now . ''
The Netherlands is going through the same racial , ethnic and religious metamorphoses as the rest of Western Europe : Large influxes of black , Arab and Muslim immigrants are changing the social complexion of an overwhelmingly white , Christian nation struggling with its loss of homogeneity .
But here those anxieties are exacerbated by alarm over the international crime organizations that have infiltrated the country 's prostitution and drug trades , the increasing prevalence of trafficking in women and children across its borders , and dismay over the Netherlands ' image as an international tourist destination for drugs and sexual debauchery .
" There is an uneasiness about globalization that the Dutch do n't have control over their own country any more , " said James Kennedy , professor of contemporary history at the Free University of Amsterdam .
" There is a more conservative mood in the country that is interested in setting limits and making sure things do n't get out of hand . ''
De Wolf , the Amsterdam councillor , is part of that movement .
" In the past , we looked at legal prostitution as a women 's liberation issue ; now it 's looked at as exploitation of women and should be stopped , " said de Wolf , an HIV / AIDS researcher .
He said Amsterdam 's police force is overwhelmed and ill - equipped to fight the sophisticated foreign organized crime networks operating in the city .
Laws designed to regulate prostitution and brothel operators have instead opened the trade to criminal gangs , according to de Wolf and other city officials .
" Amsterdam has a reputation that you can do everything here , '' de Wolf said .
" That 's not the way I want people to look at Amsterdam . ''
Ivo Opstelten , the mayor of Rotterdam , the second - largest Dutch city , announced this month that he will close all marijuana shops within 75 metres of a school – nearly half of the city 's 62 shops .
Michael Veling , 52 , proprietor of an Amsterdam coffee shop where a marijuana joint sells for $ 5.50 , said politicians increasingly are looking for any excuse to scale back the sale of soft drugs .
" This toleration policy goes back 35 years , " said Veling , snapping the lids off plastic boxes of pungent marijuana blends marked Neville 's Haze and White Widow .
" Now the word `coffee shop ' has become a symbol of something we do n't like about society . ''
But historian Kennedy describes the attitude as a national " weariness with moral squalor – the Dutch have grown tired of it and are unwilling to put up with it . ''
He said the rise of the orthodox Christian Union party , many members of which shun television as part of their strict religious code , has coincided with the changing public attitude .
Editor Kranendonk said his Christian Union party is realistic : " When you 're a small party , you can't change everything in four years .
" If you had said to me in 1995 that one of the main orthodox Christian parties would be in the government today , I would n't have believed it , " Kranendonk said .
" The number of Christians is diminishing , churches are closing . ''
He paused and smiled , " But there are other ways of believing . "
Ever closed a browser tab in Firefox and wished you had n’t done so ?
A simple keystroke can retrieve that closed browser tab !
I ca n’t count the number of times I have been closing windows or tabs and have accidentally a tab that I wanted kept open .
In the past , it has been annoying at best and disastrous at worst , but now I no longer have any issues … why you may ask ?
Because I know a keyboard shortcut that is perhaps amongst the most useful in Firefox … Command - Shift - T .
Yes that ’s all you need , the next time you accidentally close a tab and you want it back , simply hit Command - Shift - T and the tab will magically reappear again !
Now that you know it , try to live without it .
Want more Firefox tips ?
Check out 15 must - know Firefox shortcuts and our Firefox tips archive !
Of course Firefox is n’t the only browser with this capability , some other browsers allow you to use the general UNDO shortcut of COMMAND Z to perform the same function .
Try it out !
After various people showing interest , and after having put this project on the back - burner for a long time , I have finally taken the time to do a proper update , and release the new firmware .
There is support for both ATmega8 and ATmega16 .
The idea was to use the extra I/O on the ATmega16 for scanning two joysticks , and reporting these as a USB game device .
Unfortunately I have not been able to make this work as a composite device ( with both keyboard and gaming device in one USB device ) .
The current state of the version with joystick support is released as well , but this does not currently work , and no schematics are released for this either .
I do not know when I will have the time to look at this again , but if you take a look at it and do some discoveries , please let me know .
C64 USB keyboard
This page describes how to build a USB - keyboard in the form - factor of an old C64 breadbox .
Actually , with little modification it can be used for any kind of keyboard , since the source code is available , and all that needs to be done is to modify the key - to - scancode mapping .
The c64key is based on Objective Development 's AVR - USB firmware only USB stack for Atmel AVR microcontrollers , and the simple HIDkeys example they provide .
The implementation presented here has a more elaborate keyboard scanning routine , and allows multiple keys to be pressed ( and detected ) simlutaneously .
Background
This all started when some friends from Press Play on Tape ( the Commodore 64 Revival Band ) asked if I could help them create a special input - device for controlling their stage show ( mostly a laptop controlling a video projector ) .
They would like to have an old - style C64 ( breadbox ) on stage , and being able to control their stage show with it .
My first idea was to use the keyboard controller I have been working on for my MAME cabinet SpiffMAME .
This implements the PS / 2 keyboard protocol by bit - banging in an Atmel AVR microcontroller .
Unfortunately it is not finished yet , but I promise I will make a page about it when it is done .
It turned out that PPOT were not too keen on a PS / 2 device , since the laptop they use does not have a PS / 2 port .
In other words I was looking at a USB solution .
Further more PPOT were more keen on a game controller device ( gamepad ) than a keyboard , mainly because they had already written software for this , and because the keyboard solution requires the software to be focused to receive the events , while for gamepad and joystick devices , any application that opens the device can receive the events , even if it is minimized or in the background .
So looking arround for a way to implement USB with an Atmel microcontroller , I first looked breifly at the AT90USB - series , which have hardware USB controllers .
Unfortunately these were probably expensive , and for sure quite difficult to get a hold of .
Then I remembered having seen the IgorPlug - USB , which implements low - speed USB on simple AVR - devices by bit - banging .
All in all , I found this quite impressive , but the IgorPlug was not easy to customize , and also needed special drivers ( and of course such drivers will never be digitally signed by Microsoft .
For all the bit - banging USB solutions , it is important to mention that they are not fully up to spec , neither on the hardware side ( should use differential signalling ) , nor on the error handling .
That said , the applications I have been looking at seem to work flawlessly , and I adore the possibility of creating a device speaking USB for such a low cost .
Browsing arround on the ' Net for something unrelated , I came across an article describing the MJoy game controller , which implements a joystick with 6 analogue axes , a hat - switch and 24 buttons , all by bitbanging the USB - interface , just like the IgorPlug .
But this is a HID - device .
The nice thing about a HID - compliant unit is that no special drivers are needed , since these are available in the operating system ( both on Linux and Windows ) .
I had the MJoy application running on my prototype hardware setup within a short time , and even started hooking up the keyboard of an old C64 , and doing keyboard decoding .
I did , however , find the different versions of the MJoy slightly confusing , with different pins being used for different things in various versions , and I was also a little reluctant to use this , mainly due to the fact that source code was only available for some versions , while the larger version running on ATmega16 is only available as a HEX - file .
Further more the code does not seem to be quite as portable and customizable as the option I will describe next .
AVR - USB
Since I had originally started looking at a keyboard controller , I decided to investigate this option further ( I still think a C64 - style keyboard for use with a PC is a pretty neat idea ) .
Looking arround on the ' Net , I discovered Objective Development 's HIDKeys , which also implements a USB HID - device , but this one is a keyboard instead of a game controller .
What thrilled me the most was that the firmware was very modular ( in fact written as a stand - alone USB stack called AVR - USB , that can be used to implement all kinds of different low - speed USB devices ) .
The source code for the firmware was available , and with a very resonable license ( basically you can use it for free , but have to make available any modified firmware and hardware design ) .
This suits me fine , since I was planning on making it publicly available anyways .
I will attempt to use the AVR - USB stack for implementing a game controller device .
I think it should basically be a matter of creating the correct HID report descriptor table , and adapting the code that sends the HID reports .
When I get on with this project , I will make a separate page for it .
Messing arround with the HIDKeys application , I was able to make the basic functions work , allowing keypresses to be sent to the computer .
I re-wrote the keyboard scanning to work with a keyboard matrix , and a lookup table converts the key - code to the appropriate scan - code , which can be sent to the computer .
Circuit
Over time the circuit ( PNG or PDF ) evolved , and I am quite pleased with the current result , although the limited amount of available I/O - pins left on the ATmega8 has meant that I had to refrain from some of the features I had otherwise planned .
During the development I had a setup on a breadboard , which allowed me to quickly make changes to the circuit ( although most of the " circuit " is the connections between the microcontroller and the C64 keyboard matrix .
In the current release , there is also an ATmega16 - based version ( PNG or PDF ) .
This has the extra I/ O needed for scanning two joysticks as well , but so far I have not been able to make the composite device work , so the working ATmega16 - version has no benefits over the ATmega8 - version .
Hopefully at some point I will find the time to pick up this project again , and make a composite device based on the ATmega16 - version , but with scanning of two joysticks as well .
The schematics are quite simple , and I have therefore decided not to make any printed circuit board ( or layout ) for it .
Instead I have gone for a perf - board solution , as depicted below ( most of the connections are on the bottom side with wire wrap ) .
The schematics should provide the needed information if anyone should feel the need to make one .
USB quirks
One thing that took me some time to get right was implementing multiple keys pressed at the same time .
It turns out that the HID reports used in the HIDKeys sample applications described only one scan - code being sent , and so had to be modified .
But I thought the problem was with my own code for scanning the keyboard matrix , so the time spent debugging was somewhat longer than it should have been .
After reading that a keyboard ( HID usage page 0x06 ) should implement a lot of different functions ( in order to be compliant with the boot protocol ) , I tried changing the usage page to 0x07 ( keypad ) , which seems more appropriate since the C64 keyboard does not have 101 keys .
For some time this worked , but that turned out to be Windows caching the usage page of the old device , so after the device was removed from the hardware manager it would no longer work .
I therefore had to go back to the keyboard usage page , although my c64key does not fully comply with the specification .
The primary issue is that it works .
When working with these firmware - only USB solutions , it is important to note that they are not fully up to spec , in terms of the electrical interface ( should be differential ) , and the CRC error handling , which would be handled appropriately if a hardware USB chip had been used .
That said , I have not had any problems with the firmware - only solutions , and I am impressed that it is possible to achieve the strict timing requirements in software only .
Some of the missing features , which are mandatory if the specs should be followed exactly are actualy possible to achieve .
For instance the specification says that the device must be able to go into sleep - mode .
This is not implemented in the current version , but should be possible by using one of the sleep - modes of the microcontroller .
Similarly , the missing CRC check could be implemented in software ( the reason that it is not handled on the fly in the USB stack is simply that there is not enough time to do so ) .
Although there are certainly some drawbacks of the firmware - only approach to USB devices , it actually works , and does so with a minimum of components , which are all easy to get a hold of , and at a price that is impressively low .
When everything is up and running you can enjoy the following the first time the device is plugged in :
Keyboard matrix scanning
Since the keys of the C64 keyboard matrix have a lot of bounce , I needed to make a sufficiently effective debouncing algorithm .
After trying various things , I ended up with a solution where all the keys are scanned and compared to their last values ( saved in a buffer ) .
When a change is detected a debounce counter is started , which will count the number of successive scans where the keys do not change .
When this count reaches a preset value ( 10 in this case ) , the keys have settled , and a USB HID report is generated .
This approach is very effective , and has totally eliminated the key bounce .
With the current version of the code , the keyboard matrix is scanned at a rate of about 2.2k Hz , which is fast enough that the delay of 10 scans does not impose a noticable delay .
The keyboard matrix scanning does not implement blocking , and is therefore prone to ghosting ( i.e. when pressing 3 keys , a fourth keystroke is recorded , although this key was never pressed ) .
While it should be possible to implement blocking in a more sophisticated keyboard scanning algorithm , there are also benefits of this simple approach .
For instance it allows a hardware solution to the problem by placing diodes in series with all the keys .
Of course this is not done on the C64 keyboard , but could be done if one wants to use the USB keyboard in a different configuration .
However , it is important to remember that USB HID reports are limited to 8 bytes , and it is therefore not possible to make a USB HID keyboard that handles more than 7 simultaneous keystrokes apart from the 8 modifier keys .
For most USB keyboards the number is 6 , since one byte is reserved for LED states .
In other words , if one wants to handle the maximum number of simultaneous keystrokes on a USB HID device , the eight modifier keys ( Ctrl , Alt , Shift and Windows keys ) should be used ( and 6 - 7 others ) .
For this project it was deemed sufficient if the keyboard would behave as expected when used as a normal keyboard , i.e. the important thing is that the individual keys work , and also that handling of modifier keys must work .
In fact , this turned out to be somewhat tricky , since some of the keys on the C64 should generate different USB keycodes based on the state of modifier keys .
This is especially true in the configuration used here , where a C64 keyboard with a Danish layout ( some keytops replaced ) should map to a PC with a Danish keyboard layout .
The implementation therefore handles some keys in a special way , where a lookup - table converts the keypress to the appropriate USB keycode , based on the modifier states , and which also allows the modifier states to be changed .
Unfortunately this may mess up the modifier states if a special key is pressed simultaneously with a different key , but when used as a regular keyboard ( i.e. one key at a time plus modifiers ) , it performs flawlessly .
If someone wants to use the c64key in a different configuration , either with an unmodified ( or non-danish ) keyboard configuration , or with a PC that does not use Danish keyboard mapping ( I assume this would be very likely if anyone wants to use it ) , it should be a simple matter of updating the keycodes.h with the appropriate mapping of the keyboard , including the handling of special keys .
If anyone attempts this task , please send me the updated file , and I will include it in the distribution .
At some point I may make a few more configurations ( e.g for a US keyboard ) , but so far you are on your own .
Files
The archive c64 key.zip contains all the source code for the project , including the needed AVR - USB driver .
Also included is the circuit diagram for the hardware and some documentation on various bits and pieces which may come in handy if one wants to study the working of the system .
This new version has the following improvements over the original release :
Works with GCC 4 .
A delay loop in the initialization was optimized away when using GCC 4 with the old firmware .
This was replaced with a call to _delay_us ( ) , which works with both old and new gcc-versions .
, which works with both old and new gcc-versions .
Supports the boot protocol , allowing it to be used with legacy support ( e.g. BIOS settings and DOS ) , before an USB - aware OS is loaded .
Multiple keymaps selectable at compile - time in the Makefile .
Caps Lock decoding .
Can be shown on the power - LED of the C64 keyboard .
Software decodes all keyboard LEDs , but not enough I/O is available to show them all .
The entire project is licensed under the same terms that Objective Development put forward for their use of the AVR - USB stack .
Basically the terms are similar to the GNU GPL , but some additional requirements in terms of making available the hardware documentation are added .
The terms are very resonable for hardware / firmware projects , and hopefully will allow more people to see the possibilities of the AVR - USB stack , and create simple devices that can be connected to any PC equipped with a USB port .
Everything Good is Bad For You
While we were developing Reddit , we always used to run into people who ’d recognize us and come up to say hi .
“ Oh , wow , ” they ’d say to us .
“ I ca n’t tell you how much your site has killed my productivity .
I check it a hundred times every day . ”
At first , we just laughed these comments off .
But after a while , I begun to find them increasingly disturbing .
We ’d set out to make something people want — but what if they did n’t want to want it ?
For too long , simple popularity has been the only metric of a startup ’s success .
Another startup , known as Twitter , has recently broken into the mainstream .
And I constantly hear people saying things like “ Yeah , well , I know it seems like a pointless waste of time .
But it ’s so popular ! ”
As if anything so popular had to be worthwhile .
Cory Doctorow recently made a similar argument .
When he publishes his books online , he notes , people are always telling him they do n’t like reading off a screen .
And yet , these very same people spend every free hour of the day reading email and weblogs and news articles off a screen .
“ It ’s like watching someone shovel Mars Bars into his gob while telling you how much he hates chocolate , ” Doctorow complains .
Doctorow ’s conclusion ?
Blogs are just better .
But I think Mars Bars are just the right analogy .
Everyone in America knows that it ’s easy to accidentally find yourself stuffing your face with junk food when you ’re not paying attention .
But no one would seriously maintain that junk food is better than fine cuisine .
It ’s just easier .
Similarly , if you printed out all the blog posts and news articles and emails the average timewaster reads in a month and placed the resulting hulking volume down next to a copy of , say , War and Peace ( which it would no doubt dwarf ) , it ’s hard to imagine the average person saying they ’d actually prefer to sit down and read the first .
( If War and Peace does n’t strike your fancy , substitute a similarly large tome . )
But reading bite - sized blog posts is by far easier .
The same goes for reading stories on Reddit or your friends ’ pointless twits about their life .
Looking at photos of sunsets or reading one - liners takes no cognitive effort .
It ’s the mental equivalent of snack food .
You start eating one and before you know it you ’ve gone through two cans of Pringles and become a world expert on Evan Williams ’ travel habits .
We need to stop pretending that this is automatically a good thing .
Perhaps Procter & Gamble does n’t care of their making us into a nation of fat slobs , but there ’s no reason why programmers and the rest of the startup world need to be so amoral .
And no doubt , as pictures of cats with poor spelling on them become all the rage , people are beginning to wonder about where all this idiocy is leaving us .
Which is where apologists like Doctorow and Steven Johnson step in , assuring us that Everything Bad is Good For You .
It is n’t .
YouTube is n’t going to save us from an Idiocracy - style future in which everyone sits at home and watches shows like “ Ow ! My Balls ! ” ( in which a man is repeatedly hit in the balls ) —
YouTube ’s damn - near creating that future .
As I write this , YouTube ’s # 1 featured video is titled “ Farting in Public ” .
It does n’t have to be that way , of course .
Nobody prefers farting to thought .
It ’s just that , as David Foster Wallace noted about television , “ people tend to be extremely similar in their vulgar and prurient and dumb interests and wildly different in their refined and aesthetic and noble interests . ”
Similarly , no one ( Doctorow included , I suspect ) , actually prefers blog posts to novels , it ’s just that people tend to have more short chunks of time to read blog posts than they do long chunks of time to read novels .
Technology was supposed to let us solve these problems .
But technology never solves things by itself .
At bottom , it requires people to sit down and build tools that solve them .
Which , as long as programmers are all competing to create the world ’s most popular timewaster , it does n’t seem like anyone is going to do .
You should follow me on twitter here .
March 29 , 2007
June 16 , 2007 — jao
I ’ve just seen David Weinberger ’s recent Authors@Google talk , a deeply interesting overview of his new book , Everything is Miscellaneous .
At first sight , Weinberger ’s talk has little to do with programming .
He discusses our efforts to classify objects in the world , starting with Aristotelian categories , where there was one and only place for every thing ( and , presumably , one thing for every place ) –a line of thought rooted on our direct experience with physical objects , culminated with Dewey ’s decimal classification system .
A line of thought that our modern , digital world has made obsolete .
Weinberger is an excellent communicator and makes his points with a fine sense of humour , so , if you have fifty minutes to spare , you can do far worse than pressing the play button below before go on reading why am i mentioning this video in programming musings :
Still with me ?
Well , the fact is that hearing Weinberger ’s thoughts i’ve been remembered of a little exercise i was doing this morning , as part of my recent efforts to finally come to grips with Haskell .
You know what ?
Static typing feels a lot like Aristotelian categorisation : one and only one type for each variable .
As is the case with Aristotelian categorisation , there are many situations where a rigid type system works well : we use categories all the time , and they obviously capture part of the structure of the world out there .
But they inevitably break down at some point .
In my little Haskell exercise ( an interpreter for propositional logic ) , there was a point where it would have been extremely convenient to have more than one type for some of the variables i were using .
Maybe it ’s just than i’m used to working that way in dynamically typed languages , where the types of the parameters of my functions are in constant flow , and i cherish the ability to widen their domain on the fly .
As mentioned in the talk , Aristotle would be horrified at the prospect of having anything in more than one place of the tree : that would be chaos !.
But in our digital world , tagging and mash - ups are arguably revealing themselves as more apt ways to organise our knowledge of the world .
There are myriad faces to everything , and allowing different points of view is not only natural , but seemingly useful .
In the same ( or , at least , analogous ) way , static typing abhors ( actually prohibits ) variables with mutating types .
One has union or algebraic types , that ’s true , but one has also the feeling that using too heterogeneous types to construct them is going a bit afield .
Could that be as misguided as Aristotelian categories ?
I do n’t know .
Building software is so complex that maybe we need the safety net of rigid categorisations .
But i’ve noticed repeatedly while programming in , say , Lisp , that using dynamic typing makes things easier in many contexts .
The nagging feeling of insecurity i had when i started using Scheme about the lack of type declarations has progressively disappeared , up to the point that languages as beautiful as Haskell can sometimes feel like a straitjacket .
I might be misguided , and perhaps my sense of security is bogus because it derives from very small projects ( i have never participated in a large project using a dynamic language ) , and that liberally bending the type system really leads to chaos in the long run .
Maybe the right way to realise this many - facets approach to modeling the world is to put type classes and parametric polymorphism to good use–although even there , i find CLOS generics more natural .
But one wonders , could it be that , like our data , the real world problems out there are too complex , too multifarious to fit in a static ontology ?
Come to think of it , i’m realising than i’m just badly restating the line of thought people like Alan Kay or Gerry Sussman have been defending for years .
Specially their seeking inspiration in biological systems ( those complex , messy things so marvelously organised ) to model our computing and programming systems .
I think that what i’m trying to express ( and much , much more ) is finely put , for instance , by Alan Kay in his famous talk The Computer Revolution has n’t happen yet ( if you have n’t seen it , please click that play button below ) or , more recently by Sussman and Hanson in their paper Building Robust Systems .
As i mentioned , in both cases , convincing parallelisms with biological systems are put on the table , and a dynamic outlook to programming systems ( including generic functions and MOPs ) are favoured .
My gut feeling is that these ideas are to programming what Weinberger ’s are to data management .
I hope that reading and hearing Weinberger , Kay , Sussman and Hanson will convey this feeling better than these somewhat iffy ramblings .
All that said , i still get a kick out of learning Haskell .
It must be the Aristotelian in me ! :-)
Update : Some interesting comments over at reddit.com point out how my analogies could be ( and probably are ) flawed .
In particular , there ’s a reference to what looks like a very entertaining book : Practical Foundations of Programming Languages ( PDF ) , which argues exactly the opposite :
This is a working draft of a book on the foundations of programming languages .
The central organizing principle of the book is that programming language features may be seen as manifestations of an underlying type structure that governs its syntax and semantics .
The emphasis , therefore , is on the concept of type , which codifies and organizes the computational universe in much the same way that the concept of set may be seen as an organizing principle for the mathematical universe .
The purpose of this book is to explain this remark .
Also , check the comments here in WP : they ’re quite interesting too !
What Is Truecrypt ?
Truecrypt , now discontinued , was a free software which was used to encrypt files and create an encryption with the files .
How To Use Truecrypt ?
After opening the application follow the steps given below :
Create volume .
Then select the first option for the encrypted file .
After that choose the first option .
Select file , give it a name and click on save .
Click on next and specify the size of your file .
Input your desired password and click on next .
Create a format by moving your mouse and then click on save .
You ’re all set .
To use the encrypted file remember to mount is a drive .
Some people say that Moscow does n’t change as time passes .
Some say that it has been changed tremendously .
Who is right one can judge himself watching this photos of Moscow today , year 2006 and many years ago .
Many places can be recognized easily even for those who have never been in Moscow , but some changed a lot .
As a society , however , we are further from turning off the porn than we have ever been .
Pornography is everywhere - it masquerades as " gentlemen 's entertainment " in the form of clubs such as Spearmint Rhino , it infiltrates advertising and it will soon be available in our back pockets , thanks to a deal by adult entertainment giant Private Media Group to beam porn to UK mobile phones .
In its hardcore form , pornography is now accessed in the UK by an estimated 33 % of all internet users .
Since the British Board of Film Classification relaxed its guidelines in 2000 , hardcore video pornography now makes up between 13 % and 17 % of censors ' viewing , compared with just 1 % three years ago , a rate of growth that is being cited as a causal factor in the recent bankruptcy of Penthouse , at one time the very apotheosis of porno chic but in recent years little more risqué than Loaded .
In the US , with the pornography industry bringing in up to $ 15 bn ( £ 8.9 bn ) annually , people spend more on porn every year than they do on movie tickets and all the performing arts combined .
Each year , in Los Angeles alone , more than 10,000 hardcore pornographic films are made , against an annual Hollywood average of just 400 movies .
Pornography is not only bigger business than ever before , it is also more acceptable , more fashionable , more of a statement of cool .
From pieces " in praise of porn " in the normally sober Prospect magazine , to such programmes as Pornography : The Musical on Channel 4 last month , to Victoria Coren and Charlie Skelton 's book , published last year , about making a porn film , to the news that Val Kilmer is to play the part of pornography actor John Holmes in a new mainstream movie , there is a widespread sense that anyone who suggests pornography might have any kind of adverse effect is laughably out of touch .
Coren and Skelton , former Erotic Review film critics , focus on their flip comic narrative , scarcely troubling themselves with any deeper issues .
" In all our years of watching porn , " they write , in a rare moment of analysis that does n't get developed any further , " we have never properly resolved what we think about how , why and whether it is degrading to women .
We suspect that it might be .
We suspect that pornography might be degrading to everybody . "
With pornography , it seems as if the sheer scale of the phenomenon has , in time - honoured capitalist fashion , conferred its own respectability ; as a result , serious analysis is hard to come by .
Only occasionally , amid porn - disguised - as - documentary that distinguishes much of Channel 5's late - night output , is there broadcasting that gives any kind of insight .
Channel 4's documentary Hardcore , shown two years ago , told the story of Felicity , a single mother from Essex who travelled to Los Angeles hoping to make a career in pornography .
Arriving excited , and clear about what she would not do - anal sex , double - vaginal penetration - she ended up being coerced into playing a submissive role and agreeing to anal sex .
Felicity - the vicissitudes of whose own troubled relationship with her father were mirrored by the cruelty of the men with whom she ended up working - eventually escaped back to the UK .
Hardcore offered a rare , unadorned look at the inside of the industry , as did Pornography : The Musical , albeit in a more surreal form , with actors interrupting sex to break into song .
Yet what about the millions who consume pornography , the men - for they are , despite pornographers ' claims about growing numbers of female fans , mostly men - who habitually use it ?
How are they affected ?
Is pornography , as most these days claim , a harmless masturbatory diversion ?
That episode of Friends , albeit with tongue in cheek , suggested a heavy diet of porn might encourage men inappropriately to expect sex .
Is that true ?
And what about more profound effects ?
How does it affect relationships ?
Is it addictive ?
Does it encourage rape , paedophilia , sexual murder ?
Surely tough questions need to be asked .
First , though , some definitions .
According to the Shorter Oxford Dictionary , the word " pornography " dates to 1864 , when it described " the life , manners , etc of prostitutes or their patrons " .
More recently , it has come to signify material , in the words of Chambers , " intended to arouse sexual excitement " .
Its most common themes , however , are power and submission .
By contrast , " erotica " , which is pretty hard to find now , carries additional connotations of " amorousness " and is far less concerned with control and domination .
No , it is pornography plain and simple , from teen magazines such as Front to venerable " wrist mags " such as Playboy , to the almost daily bombardment of teaser pornographic emails , that confronts all of us on a ceaseless basis .
The received wisdom , pushed hard by such mass - market magazines as Loaded and FHM , is that men derive a pretty uncomplicated enjoyment from pornography .
That , certainly , is the argument put forward by such proponents as David Baddiel , AA Gill , who has directed his own pornographic film , and the musician Moby , who once said in an interview , " I like pornography - who does n't ?
I do n't really trust men who claim to not be interested in porn .
We 're biologically programmed to respond to the sight of people having sex . "
Danny Plunkett , then features editor of Loaded , takes an equally relaxed view : " We know that a lot of people enjoy it and take it with a pinch of salt .
We certainly do n't view it as dangerous . "
But is it as simple as this ?
One of my best friends is a man for whom pornography has apparently never held even the slimmest interest .
Moby may choose to distrust him , but his sex life otherwise has always seemed to me perfectly robust .
He is , however , so much in the minority as to seem almost an oddity .
For most men , at some point in their lives , pornography has held a strong appeal and , before any examination of its effects , this fact has to be addressed .
Like many men , I first saw pornography during puberty .
At boarding school , dog-eared copies of Mayfair and Knave were stowed behind toilet cisterns ; this borrow - and - return library system was considered absolutely normal , seldom commented upon and either never discovered by the masters or tacitly permitted .
Long before my first sexual relationship , porn was my sex education .
No doubt ( though we 'd never have admitted it then ) my friends and I were driven to use porn through loneliness : being away from home , we longed for love , closeness , unquestioning acceptance .
The women over whom we masturbated - the surrogate mothers , if you like - seemed to be offering this but , of course , they were never going to provide it .
The untruths it taught me on top of this disappointment - that women are always available , that sex is about what a man can do to a woman - I am only now , more than two decades on , finally succeeding in unlearning .
From men everywhere come similar stories .
Nick Samuels , 46 , an electrical contractor from Epping - now , with a wife and four children , the very image of respectable fatherhood - says he first discovered the power of pornographic images at the age of 16 , when he found a copy of Mayfair in his father 's garage .
" I can even remember the picture .
There was a woman walking topless past a building site and the builders were ogling her from the scaffolding .
It was pretty soft stuff , but it heightened my senses and kicked off my interest in pornography .
Before long , I was reading Whitehouse and then , through a friend at my squash club , I was introduced to hardcore videos . "
Si Jones , a 39 - year - old north London vicar who regularly counsels men trying to " come off " pornography , admits that , for him , too , it was his introduction to sex .
" As a teenager , I watched porn films with my friends at the weekend .
It was just what you did .
It was cool , naughty and everyone was doing it . "
Set against today 's habit of solitary internet masturbation , Jones 's collegiate introduction to porn seems peculiarly sociable .
Today , boys no longer clandestinely circulate magazines after school ; nor do they need to rummage through their fathers ' cupboards in search of titillating material .
Access to internet pornography has never been easier , its users never younger , and the heaviest demand , according to research published in the New York Times , is for " ' deviant ' material including paedophilia , bondage , sadomasochism and sex acts with various animals " .
At its most basic level , pornography answers natural human curiosity .
Adolescent boys want to know what sex is about , and porn certainly demonstrates the mechanics .
David Morgan , consultant clinical psychologist and psychoanalyst at the Portman Clinic in London , which specialises in problems relating to sexuality and violence , describes this phase as " transitional , like a rehearsal for the real thing .
The problem with pornography begins when , instead of being a temporary stop on the way to full sexual relations , it becomes a full - time place of residence . "
Morgan 's experience of counselling men addicted to porn has convinced him that " the more time you spend in this fantasy world , the more difficult it becomes to make the transition to reality .
Just like drugs , pornography provides a quick fix , a masturbatory universe people can get stuck in .
This can result in their not being able to involve anyone else . "
For most men , the way pornography objectifies sex strikes a visceral emotional chord .
Psychotherapists Michael Thompson and Dan Kindlon , in their book Raising Cain : Protecting The Emotional Life Of Boys , suggest that objectification , for boys , starts early .
" By adolescence , a boy wakes up most mornings with an erection .
This can happen whether he is in a good or bad mood , whether it is a school day or a weekend ...
Boys enjoy their own physical gadgetry .
But the feeling is n't always , ' Look what I can do ! '
The feeling is often , ' Look what it can do ! ' - again , a reflection of the way a boy views his instrument of sexuality as just that : an object .
What people might not realise when they justly criticise men for objectifying sex - viewing sex as something you do , rather than part of a relationship - is that the first experience of objectification of sexuality in a boy 's life comes from his experience of his own body , having this penis that makes its own demands . "
But the roots go back further still .
Research has shown that boy babies are treated more harshly than their female counterparts and , as they grow up , boys are taught that success is achieved through competition .
In order to deal with this harsh masculine world , boys can learn not to trust their own feelings and not to express their emotions .
They become suspicious of other men , with whom they 're in competition , after all , and as a result they often feel lonely and isolated .
Yet men , as much as women , hunger for intimacy .
For many males , locked into a life in which self - esteem has grown intrinsically entwined with performance , sex assumes an almost unsustainable freight of demands and needs .
Not only does the act itself become almost the only means through which many men can feel intimate and close , but it is also the way in which they find validation .
And sex itself , of course , cannot possibly satisfy such demands .
It is into this troubled scenario that porn finds such easy access .
For in pornography , unlike in real life , there is no criticism , real or imagined , of male performance .
Women are always , in the words of the average internet site , " hot and ready " , eager to please .
In real life , by contrast , men find women are anything but : they have higher job status , they demand that they be sexually satisfied , and they are increasingly opting to combine career and motherhood .
Men , say psychologists , also feel threatened by the " emotional power " they perceive women wielding over them .
Unable to feel alive except when in relationships with women , they are at the same time painfully aware that their only salvation from isolation comes in being sexually acceptable to women .
This sense of neediness can provoke intense anger that , all too often , finds expression in porn .
Unlike real life , the pornographic world is a place in which men find their authority unchallenged and in which women are their willing , even grateful servants .
" The illusion is created , " as one male writer on pornography puts it , " that women are really in their rightful place and that there is , after all , no real and serious challenge to male authority . "
Seen in this light , the patently ridiculous pornography scenario of the pretty female flat - hunter ( or hitch - hiker , driver with broken - down car , or any number of similar such vulnerable roles ) who is happy to let herself be gang - banged by a group of overweight , hairy - shouldered couch potatoes makes perfect psychological sense .
The porn industry , of course , dismisses such talk , yet occasionally comes a glimmer of authenticity .
Bill Margold , one of the industry 's longest - serving film performers , was interviewed in 1991 by psychoanalyst Robert Stoller for his book Porn : Myths For The Twentieth Century .
Margold made no attempt to gloss over the realities .
" My whole reason for being in this industry is to satisfy the desire of the men in the world who basically do n't care much for women and want to see the men in my industry getting even with the women they could n't have when they were growing up .
So we come on a woman 's face or brutalise her sexually : we 're getting even for lost dreams . "
As well as " eroticising male supremacy " , in the words of anti-porn campaigner John Stoltenberg , pornography also attempts to assuage other male fears , in particular that of erection failure .
According to psychoanalytical thinking , pornography answers men's fetishistic need for visual proof of phallic potency .
Lynne Segal , professor of psychology and gender studies at Birkbeck College , University of London , writes : " Men 's specific fears of impotence , feeding off infantile castration anxiety , generate hostility towards women .
Through pornography , real women can be avoided , male anxiety soothed and delusions of phallic prowess indulged , by intimations of the rock - hard , larger - than - life male organ . "
Pornography , in other words , is a lie .
It peddles falsehoods about men , women and human relationships .
In the name of titillation , it seduces vulnerable , lonely men - and a small number of women - with the promise of intimacy , and delivers only a transitory masturbatory fix .
Increasingly , though , men are starting to be open about the effect pornography has had upon them .
David McLeod , a marketing executive , explains the cycle : " I 'm drawn to porn when I 'm lonely , particularly when I 'm single and sexually frustrated .
But I can easily get disgusted with myself .
After watching a video two or three times , I 'll throw it away and vow never to watch another again .
But my resolve never lasts very long . "
He has , he says , " seen pretty much everything .
I 've even seen pictures of men being buggered by a pig .
But once you start going down that slope , you get very quickly jaded . "
Like many men , McLeod is torn .
Quick to claim that porn has " no harmful effects " , he is also happy to acknowledge the contradictory fact that it is " deadening " .
Andy Philips , a Leeds art dealer and , at 38 , a father for the first time , says there have been times when he has been " a very heavy user " .
His initial reaction , like that of many of the men to whom I spoke , is studiedly jokey : " I love porn . "
Yet , as he grows more contemplative , he admits : " I 've always used it secretly , never as part of a relationship .
It 's always been like the other woman on the side .
It 's something to do with being naughty , I guess . "
Again and again , despite now being married , he is drawn back .
" You can easily get too much of it .
It 's deadening , nullifying , gratuitous , unsatisfying .
At one point I was single for three years and I used a lot of porn then .
After a while , it made me feel worse .
I 'd feel disgusted with myself and have a huge purge . "
Extended exposure to pornography can have a whole raft of effects .
By the time Nick Samuels had reached his mid-20s , it was altering his view of what he wanted from a sexual relationship .
" I used to watch porn with one of my girlfriends , and I started to want to try things I 'd seen in the films : anal sex , or threesomes . "
Sometimes , he says , this was OK - " She was an easy - going person . "
At other times , " it shocked her " .
Married for 15 years , he admits he has carried the same sexual expectations into the marital bedroom .
" There 's been real friction over this : my wife simply is n't that kind of person .
And it 's only now , after all these years , that I 'm beginning to move on from it .
Porn is like alcoholism : it clings to you like a leech . "
Psychoanalyst Estela Welldon , author of the classic text Mother , Madonna , Whore , has treated couples for whom such scenarios spiralled out of control .
" A lot of men involve their partners in the use of porn .
Typically , they will say , ' Do n't you want a better sex life ? '
I have seen cases in which first the woman has been subjected to porn and then they have used their own children for pornographic purposes . "
When couples use porn together - a growing trend , if anecdotal evidence is anything to go by - there is , says Welldon , " an illusory sense that they are getting closer together .
Then they film themselves having sex and feel outside themselves .
This dehumanising aspect is an important part of pornography .
It dehumanises the other person , the relationship , and any intimacy . "
Even when in a loving sexual relationship , men who have used porn say that , all too often , they see their partner through a kind of " pornographic filter " .
This effect is summed up eloquently by US sociologist Harry Brod , in Segal 's essay Sweet Sorrows , Painful Pleasures : " There have been too many times when I have guiltily resorted to impersonal fantasy because the genuine love I felt for a woman was n't enough to convert feelings into performance .
And in those sorry , secret moments , I have resented deeply my lifelong indoctrination into the aesthetic of the centrefold . "
Running like a watermark through all pornography use , according to Morgan at the Portman Clinic , is the desire for control .
This need , he says , has its roots in early childhood .
" A typical example might be a boy with fairly absent parents , either in emotional terms or in actual fact . "
The boy , wishing his parents were more present - more within his control , as it were - can grow up wishing " to find something over which he can have control .
Pornography fills that space . "
But the user of pornography is also psychologically on the run , Welldon adds .
" People who use pornography feel dead inside , and they are trying to avoid being aware of that pain .
There is a sense of liberation , which is temporary : that 's why pornography is so repetitive - you have to go back again and again . "
Lost in a world of pornographic fantasy , men can become less inclined , as well as increasingly less able , to form lasting relationships .
In part , this is due to the underlying message of pornography .
Ray
Wyre , a specialist in sexual crime , says pornography " encourages transience , experimentation and moving between partners " .
Morgan goes further : " Pornography does damage , " he says , " because it encourages people to make their home in shallow relationships . "
Jan Woolf believes it might also prevent a relationship getting started .
A former special needs teacher , she lasted only six months in the job of BBFC censor in 2001 .
During this time , she watched hundreds of hours of hardcore videos .
At the time , she was single .
" If I 'd been in the early stages of a relationship , it would have been very difficult , because I 'd have been watching what I might have been expected to be doing , except it would never have been like that . "
She left the job because the porn was starting to make her feel " depressed - I wanted my lively mind back " .
The more powerful the sense of pre-existing internal distress , the more compelling becomes the pull towards pornography .
For John - Paul Day , a 50 - year - old Edinburgh architect in his first " non-addictive " sexual relationship , the experience of being a small boy with a dying mother drove him to seek solace in masturbation .
He says he has been " addicted " to pornography his entire adult life .
" The thing about it is that , unlike real life , it is incredibly safe , " Day says .
" I 'm frightened of real sex , which is unscripted and unpredictable .
And so I engage in pornography , which is totally under my control .
But , of course , it also brings intense disappointment , precisely because it is not what I 'm really searching for .
It 's rather like a hungry person standing outside the window of a restaurant , thinking that they 're going to get fed . "
Day , who has attended meetings of Sex Addicts Anonymous for 12 years , says , " Pornography is central to my own sex addiction in as much as sex addiction has to do with the use of fantasy as a way of escaping from reality .
Even in my fantasies about ' real ' people , I am really transforming them into pieces of walking pornography .
It is not the reality of who they are that I focus on , but the fantasy I project on to them . "
Like drugs and drink , pornography - as Day has realised - is an addictive substance .
Porn actor Kelly Cooke , one of the stars of Pornography : The Musical , says this applies on either side of the camera : " It got to the point where I considered having sex the way most people consider getting a hamburger .
But when you try to give it up - that 's when you realise how addictive it is , both for consumers and performers .
It 's a class A drug , and it 's hell coming off it . "
The cycle of addiction leads one way : towards ever harder material .
Morgan believes " all pornography ends up with S&M " .
The now - infamous Carnegie Mellon study of porn on the internet found that images of hardcore sex were in far less demand than more extreme material .
Images of women engaging in acts of bestiality were hugely popular , the most frequently downloaded being of a brunette with - in the pornographer 's trusty lexicon - " a huge horse cock in her tight pussy " .
The mechanics of the pornographic search - craving , discovery of the " right " image , masturbation , relief - makes it , says Morgan , work like " a sort of drug , an antidepressant " .
The myth about porn , as a witness told the 1983 Minneapolis city council public hearings on it , is that " it frees the libido and gives men an outlet for sexual expression .
This is truly a myth .
I have found pornography not only does not liberate men , but on the contrary is a source of bondage .
Men masturbate to pornography only to become addicted to the fantasy .
There is no liberation for men in pornography .
[ It ] becomes a source of addiction , much like alcohol .
There is no temporary relief .
It is mood - altering .
And reinforcing , ie , ' you want more ' because ' you got relief ' .
It is this reinforcing characteristic that leads men to want the experience they have in pornographic fantasy to happen in real life . "
In its most severe form , this can lead to sexual crime , though the links between the two remain controversial and much argued - over .
Wyre , from his work with sex offenders , says , " It is impossible not to believe pornography plays a part in sexual violence .
As we constantly confront sex offenders about their behaviour , they display a wide range of distorted views that they then use to excuse their behaviour , justify their actions , blame the victim and minimise the effect of their offending .
They seek to make their own behaviour seem normal , and interpret the behaviour of the victim as consent , rather than a survival strategy .
Pornography legitimises these views . "
One of the most extreme examples of this is Ted Bundy , the US serial sexual murderer executed for his crimes in January 1989 .
The night before his death , he explained his addiction to pornography in a radio interview : " It happened in stages , gradually ...
My experience with ... pornography that deals on a violent level with sexuality is that , once you become addicted to it , and I look at this as a kind of addiction like other kinds of addiction , I would keep looking for more potent , more explicit , more graphic kinds of material .
Like an addiction , you keep craving something which is harder , harder , something which gives you a greater sense of excitement , until you reach the point where the pornography only goes so far ...
It reaches that jumping - off point where you begin to wonder if , maybe , actually doing it will give you that which is beyond just reading about it or looking at it . "
Bundy , as damaged as he was , stopped short of blaming pornography for his actions , though it was , he believed , an intrinsic part of the picture .
" I tell you that I am not blaming pornography ... I take full responsibility for whatever I 've done and all the things I 've done ... I do n't want to infer that I was some helpless kind of victim .
And yet we 're talking about an influence that is the influence of violent types of media and violent pornography , which was an indispensable link in the chain ... of events that led to behaviours , to the assaults , to the murders . "
In the understated words of Wyre , " The very least pornography does is make sexism sexy . "
The average man , of course , whatever his consumption of pornography , is no Bundy .
Yet for those who have become addicted , the road to a pornography - free life can be long and arduous .
Si Jones advises accountability : " Make your computer accountable , let other people check what you 've been looking at . "
And the alternative to pornography , says Morgan , is not always easy .
" Relationships are difficult .
Intimacy , having a good relationship , loving your children , involves work .
Pornography is fantasy in the place of reality .
But it is just that : fantasy .
Pornography is not real , and the only thing human beings get nourishment from is reality : real relationships .
And , anyway , what do you want to say when you get to the end of your life ?
That you wish you 'd spent more time wanking on the internet ?
I hardly think so . "
