High on the list of gadget annoyances that make me want to scab my eyes out with a spork — just below cables and batteries — is the unfettered proliferation of memory cards .
Even though they all fundamentally do the same thing — store data for handheld devices — they come in a million different sizes and shapes from almost as many companies , giving birth to retarded but necessary accessories .
Anyone looking for proof of this can stop at the 80 - in - 1 card reader .
Unfortunately , many of these dumb pieces of silicon and plastic are n't going extinct .
As a consolation prize , here 's an illustrated guide to all the ones you actually need to know .
Advertisement
CompactFlash is like the Big Mac of memory cards :
It may be bulky , but no McRib is going to take its place any time soon .
It long ago moved out of the consumer - oriented gadgets now primarily using SD card , but it 's the go - to for pro digital SLR cameras because it 's durable as hell , it can hold more data ( up to 100GB ) and transfer it a lot faster ( up 66MB / s with the revision 3.0 , though higher capacity cards do n't yet reach that rate ) .
All of that matters if you 're shooting massive RAW photos at several frames a second in less - than - pampered conditions .
Advertisement
CompactFlash UDMA : The latest version of the CompactFlash spec , 4.0 adds support for the Ultra DMA 133 interface , pumping the maximum data transfer rate to 133MB /s. Looks the same as a regular CF card , but will have UDMA stamped on it .
Enables longer burst shooting in the latest DSLRs , besides just sounding impressive .
Of course , this parallel ATA interface is on the fast track to be slow balls , with a serial ATA based spec in the works that 'll deliver 3 - gigabit transfer rates , that is , nearly 400 MB/s .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Secure Digital , better known as SD , is the memory card of the people .
This sliver of plastic is the reigning king of storage in everyday gadgets , from digital cameras to the Nintendo Wii to non-iPod MP3 players to hell , my ( admittedly fancy ) alarm clock .
Most new ( non -Mac ) notebooks come with an SD card slot , even if they do n't support other cards .
Its primary advantage over CompactFlash is smaller size — maybe the perfect memory card size , even .
On the other hand , the standard version format is significantly slower , stores less data ( the spec allows for up to 2GB , larger sizes exist ) and is way more fragile .
But damn if they are n't cheap .
Advertisement
Secure Digital High Capacity pretty much spells it out in the name — an extension of the SD format that allows for more storage ( up to 32GB ) and much faster write speeds ( SanDisk 's latest hit 30 MB /s ) .
Classes — 2 , 4 or 6 — let you know what the card 's minimum transfer speed is .
The major catch is that while they look the same as a regular SD card , SDHCs wo n't work in older card readers .
Most electronics are quietly swapping in readers that can support SDHC , and of course regular SD cards work wherever they physically fit .
Advertisement
MiniSD is , you guessed it , a smaller variant of the SD card format that 's about a third of the size .
And yes , there 's an HC variant to bring its capacity past 2GB , just like SD to SDHC .
Originally for the mobile phone space , it 's basically been squeezed out by the even retardedly smaller microSD .
Truth is , miniSD is all but extinct now .
Fortunately it usually comes with an SD slot adapter , so old ones can just be used as standard SD cards .
Advertisement
MicroSD and its microSDHC step - up are ridiculously tiny , and though they 're used in MP3 players and other gadgets , they now completely dominate removable storage on cellphones .
They 've got basically the same specs as the other SD and SDHC card flavors in theory , but they 're not quite as speedy or obviously up to the same crazy capacities .
Officially they are way too easy to lose .
Advertisement
MultiMediaCard is the format from which SD and its offspring descended .
( Its looks should give it away . )
There are a few variants , but since it 's been displaced by its SD spawn , you probably wo n't run into them .
They 're even dissolving the MMC Association , if that tells you anything .
The important thing to know is that if you come across one , it 'll work in many — but not all — SD card readers .
Advertisement
Memory Stick and its 300 variations :
Okay , it gets kind of ugly with Sony 's essentially proprietary Memory Stick format .
Once upon a time , Samsung , Sharp and possibly others had Memory Stick readers in certain portable electronics , but the days of non-Sony Memory Stick sightings are long gone .
If I could punch the embodiment of Sony in the nuts for any single reason , it would likely be due to the continued existence of all 65,000 Memory Stick formats .
Here 's the rundown :
The original Memory Stick , which is now obsolete , ran in sizes from 4MB to 128MB .
There was also the Memory Stick Select , which was basically like two Memory Sticks crammed together with a switch to flip between the two .
Advertisement
Memory Stick PRO was the first legit sequel to the Memory Stick .
It 's faster , and theoretically holds up to 32GB , but has only been released in versions up to 4GB .
PROs with more than 1GB of storage use a High Speed mode for faster transfers .
Advertisement
Memory Stick Duo was Sony 's stab at getting small , shrinking its hot - dog proportioned Memory Stick into an SD - card sized package .
Otherwise , it 's just like a regular Memory Stick , stuck at 128MB and all .
With an adapter it'll fit in regular Memory Stick readers too .
Advertisement
Memory Stick PRO
Duo has the same SD - like form factor as the original Duo , but allows for much higher capacities and transfer speeds , about on par with SDHC cards .
The highest capacity card is currently 16GB .
Yes , there 's still more Memory Stick where that came from .
Advertisement
Memory Stick PRO -HG
Duo is the latest and largest mouthful of the Memory Sticks .
Its big hurrah is that its 8 - bit parallel interface gives you transfer speeds of up to 30 MB/s , and the faster rates are majorly important for HD cameras .
There is , unbelievably , another version , the PRO - HG Duo HX .
Advertisement
Memory Stick Micro aka M2 is the tiniest end of the line , comparable to a microSD card .
Guess what it 's used in ?
Sony Ericsson phones .
Sadly , SanDisk participates in this farce of a format , along with the PRO - HG .
The fattest available size is 16GB , which is notably pricier than its microSD cousin .
Predictably , cards with heftier storage do n't always play nice in older readers .
Advertisement
xD-Picture Cards are another BS format , created by second - tier camera makers Olympus and Fujifilm , that should just roll over and get smushed by the SD train .
There , as always , a few different flavors — M , H , and M+ — each one successively boosting capacity and / or speed but all fitting in the same small thin form .
They 're really only used in ( you guessed it ) Olympus and Fujifilm cameras — Kodak dabbled before hopping on the SD Express — and pathetically they only hold up to 2GB .
Die already .
Update : Okay , it does have one legit use — as a commenter has pointed out , it 's descended from the extinct SmartMedia format , and provides easy access to a standard NAND flash chip , making it ideal for ROM - dumping for hackers .
Advertisement
Advertisement
SxS is another Sony - developed format , but it 's geared toward pros and HD camcorders , with transfer speeds of 800 Mb/s .
It 's available in sizes up to 32GB , but obscenely expensive — Sony sells the 16GB card , with one hour of recording time , for $ 1100 .
Conveniently , it uses the ExpressCard form factor , so it 'll pop right in some notebooks .
Advertisement
P2 is another fancy ass , pricey pro-level card for camcorders , but it was developed by SD - pimpin ' Panasonic .
Not surprisingly , it was originally a bundle of SD cards in striped RAID array , but now it just uses core memory components in a RAID setup , contained in a ruggedized shell that fits into PC Card slots .
It too goes up to 32GB , but the transfer rate is slower than SxS , at around 640 Mbps .
On the other hand , it 's cheaper too , at $ 900 for a 16GB card .
And that , friends , should just about do you , at least for a little while , or until Sony releases its next Memory Stick flavor of the week .
Something you still wanna know ?
Send any questions about memory , Johnny Mnemonic or blackjack to tips@gizmodo.com , with " Giz Explains " in the subject line .
P.S. What other kinds of tech would you like to see an illustrated guide for ?
The grand jury wrote that it made its decision " with great sadness " but said it had no other choice but to indict the pair " because we love our country " .
This is not going to work , is it ?
Having got us into a jam by borrowing too much , the way out is to borrow yet more .
This is a gamble of monumental scale , a bet on the world economy growing again by the second half of next year .
If it does recover , then the Chancellor may have succeeded in puffing up our own economy a bit during the downturn but the borrowing levels to achieve that are terrifying .
If the world economy does not recover , the consequences do n't bear thinking about .
This is the fastest increase in British public debt to have occurred in peace time .
Yet even on the Treasury 's own figures it merely cranks up an anaemic recovery starting in the middle of next year .
If things keep heading downhill , then maybe it does not even do that .
The Chancellor talks about borrowing £ 118bn next year in terms of 8 per cent of GDP .
George Osborne spoke of doubling the national debt .
The other way of looking at that is to say that the Government is only raising about £ 7.50 in tax for every £ 10 it proposes to spend .
That is back to the levels of the 1970s that led to us seeking a bailout from the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) .
It is worse than the early 1990s fiscal deficit .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Gordon Brown introduced his fiscal rules precisely to stop this sort of catastrophe happening again and he has now blown them to pieces .
And the tragedy for him – and for us since we will have to pay for this for half a generation – is that had he stuck to his original rules , we would have been in a strong position now to pull through this downturn in better shape than other countries .
So even if the plan works as forecast , the result will be a bit more growth next year at the cost of clobbering economic growth for a decade or more .
But what if it does n't ?
The Treasury forecast for this year 's deficit has been catastrophically overoptimistic .
Suppose it is again ?
The big question is simply that if a fiscal deficit of £ 80 bn this year does not boost the economy , why should one of £ 118 bn do so next year ?
Or whatever crazy number will turn up the year beyond ?
People will look through the stimulus and realise that they have to prepare for the tax increases to come .
So , wisely , they will not rush to the shops because VAT has come down
The experience of Japan was that the more the government borrowed , the more frightened people became and the more they felt they had to save .
Britons are more insouciant towards their debts than the Japanese but in previous periods when our government deficits got out of control , such as in the 1970s , ordinary people saved more .
That was why the Labour Government realised that fiscal boosts simply did not work well .
What happened then was savage public spending cuts ; if the downturn is prolonged , that is what will have to happen again .
There is a further reason for alarm .
It is the impact of this programme on psychology .
The Government has talked up this downturn as an unprecedented occurrence ; the Prime Minister has to say that to justify these huge borrowing numbers .
But while it is true that the banking crisis is exceptionally grave , the general economic outlook is not particularly bad when compared to previous cycles .
If you believe the Government 's figures – or indeed those of the IMF – this recession will be a bit less serious than the one in the 1990s and a lot less serious than the recession of the early 1980s .
So we have unprecedented borrowing to counter a normal , post - war cycle .
The danger of talking up perils is that people will believe them .
It is the reverse of Franklin D Roosevelt 's phrase that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself – between them , Messrs Brown and Darling are trying to make us more fearful , not less .
If the key to promoting sustainable growth is not a temporary fiscal boost , what is it ?
Well obviously the deficit should be allowed to rise as the economy dips .
That is the automatic natural stabiliser .
Beyond that , the case for using tax cuts or give - backs to puff up demand is pretty thin .
George Bush did that this year and the US economy is still heading into recession .
What needs to be done is to get the financial system going again .
That means pressing on as governments have done in recapitalising the banks .
It means making sure they disclose all their bad debts because only by clearing out the rubbishy loans can they start to make good ones again .
It may mean lending directly to companies that are in temporary difficulties .
It certainly means listening to companies about tax and regulation rather than trying to kick them around .
There are plenty of sensible things for business , particularly small business , in this package .
But its credibility is undermined by the big numbers for borrowing .
And those increases in personal tax and national insurance contributions ?
Well , that 45 per cent rate ( actually 50 per cent for bits of the band between £ 100,000 and £ 150,000 if you allow for the NI changes ) breaks the covenant given by Tony Blair and Gordon Brown all those years ago that basic tax rates would not be changed .
It will probably result in less money coming into the Exchequer , not more , or at least that was what Tony Blair always argued .
You do n't need many people retiring early or moving to another jurisdiction to offset the modest gain you might get from those who do n't reorganise their affairs .
So it is silly .
But this whole package is about politics as much as economics .
It is trying to crank things up for a few months at the cost of pain in the future .
The next government will have the huge task of rebuilding fiscal discipline , creating order and efficiency in public services , simplifying the tax system and trying to regain some of the lost ground in terms of the UK 's competitive advantage .
It will not be a bundle of fun for the next government – or for us .
Let banks be banks , let investors be investors
Alberto Giovannini
Simplicity and transparency , two major causalities of recent financial market changes , are essential to restoring trust in financial markets .
This column suggests that distinguishing two types of financial intermediaries – client servicers and capital managers – would be a big step in the right direction .
Today ’s lack of distinction means one set of regulations is applied to the two very different functions .
Simplicity and transparency – two vital ingredients of trust in financial dealings – are casualties of financial market changes in the recent years .
To restart the financial system and the world economy we need to re-establish them , a point acknowledged in the recent G20 communiqué .
Restoring simplicity and transparency is a task for world governments .
I propose a straightforward method for doing so .
Here is the sound - bite version : let banks be banks , let investors be investors .
Essential distinctions among financial intermediaries
Intermediaries in financial markets ( and in particular , in securities markets ) necessarily fall into one of two categories :
Client servicers
Capital managers .
The client business is defined by proximity to clients .
It consists of selling access to markets ( primary , i.e. capital raising , and secondary , i.e. brokerage ) , and all its ancillary activities such as research and advice ( on capital raising , mergers and acquisitions ) .
The client business also includes supplying derivative contracts tailored to client needs , so these are hedged in the books of the client servicer .
Finally , client business includes borrowing and lending cash , as well as borrowing and lending securities performed only to fulfil client requests .
The capital management business is completely different .
The simple and robust criterion for distinguishing capital management from client servicing is that the franchise of the capital management business is not counterparties , but shareholders .
The client business gains in value if it provides good service to its counterparties .
The capital management business has no special regard for counterparties ; it gains in value if it provides good investment returns to shareholders .
Capital managers may invest their shareholders ’ moneys on a leveraged or un-leveraged basis and provide exposure to the whole spectrum of financial risks .
While their transactions may be the same as those of the intermediaries in the client business and therefore their balance sheets may look very similar , their objectives and their risk profile is completely different .
A dangerous muddling of functions
What is wrong with the financial system now ?
That there is no clear distinction between these two functions , and as a result regulations and functions have grown too far apart .
Banks and investment banks mix client business and capital management business – despite the fact that the proximity of these two businesses gives rise to very serious conflicts of interest .
In addition , the capital management business within banks and investment banks is not transparent ( who knows how much money comes from proprietary investments ? ) , and is not subject to efficient capital constraints .
Consider this simple example : a bank can hold risk - weighted assets up to 12.5 times its capital ( the capital requirement is 8 % of risk weighted assets , equal 1/12.5 ) .
Is this a constraint appropriate to the low - risk world of client business ( which , as explained above , by definition systematically hedges away financial risk ) or the potentially much higher risk of investment management ?
In the past year or so , the largest dollar losses caused by the financial turmoil have come from banks .
By definition , these large losses imply that the banks that have incurred in them have taken excessive risks .
The hypothesis that an inappropriate regulatory framework led these institutions to take on excessive risks is by now the most credible one .
Capital management is also performed by asset managers and hedge funds ( in addition to the banks mentioned above ) .
But hedge funds are institutions that are subject to very different rules than asset managers , despite the fact that they do the same business .
The very fact that most hedge funds are corporations based in offshore centres illustrates the lack of a satisfactory institutional setup for an industry that in recent years has become the most dynamic part of the financial system .
How do we let banks be banks and let investors be investors ?
The answer , in a nutshell , is to create a regulatory regime ( or better , adapting current regulations ) that clearly distinguishes between the two types of intermediaries – client businesses and investors – and provides a consistent set of rules for each .
This idea may look similar to recent proposals to re-instate Glass - Steagall legislation prohibiting banks from dealing in securities or to return to narrow banking ( see Paul De Grauwe 2008 ) .
It is in fact quite different .
Consider Glass - Steagall first .
It can be argued conceptually and it has been shown empirically that the presumed conflicts of interest between lending and capital markets ( issuance of bonds ) activities are insignificant .
1
In a financial system where securities have become , appropriately , a dominant medium of transactions , it makes little sense to separate out securities activities from the rest of the activities of client businesses .
Proponents of narrow banking , by contrast , argue for ways to eliminate liquidity transformation .
2
I do not think this should be an objective of a well - working financial system , because liquidity transformation is a socially productive activity and , as the recent experience has shown , liquidity risk never goes away from securities markets .
There are , however , ways to mitigate and control liquidity risk , as I discuss below .
In conclusion , banks and broker dealers should only be that ; they should not be investment managers .
Consider now the capital management business .
The second fundamental pillar of a well - working financial system is a consistent institutional framework for capital managers .
All capital ( or investment ) managers , mutual funds and hedge funds , should be subject to the same rules ( which of course recognize the different degrees of risk of different asset classes and investment styles ) .
Thus , all hedge funds should be onshore , and subject to the appropriate regulations ( like other asset managers , prudential rules and investor protection rules ) .
Such rules are not expected to prevent professional hedge fund managers to carry out their business as they have done so far .
My impression is that those who claim that hedge funds were much less hit in their investments by market turmoil because they were offshore and unregulated are overstating the potential perverse incentives caused by investment management rules .
Dealing with financial instabilities
It is apparent that both categories of intermediaries , client businesses and capital managers , may be subject to financial instabilities that are caused by liquidity mismatches and can be aggravated by leverage .
Banks are subject to runs .
Even money market mutual funds can be subject to runs ( the recent $ 540 billion bailout of US money - market funds is a good example ) and , a fortiori , those hedge funds that use leverage and invest in relatively illiquid securities .
These events may spread in the financial industry , causing systemic risks .
The avoidance of systemic risk has to come from the combination of three things :
Appropriate capital structures for every type of intermediary ;
Full knowledge of intermediaries by public institutions responsible for financial stability ; and
Appropriate ex-post intervention by authorities .
The fact that an appropriate capital structure is the first defence against runs is almost a tautology .
The choice of appropriate capital structures does not need to be mandated , though regulations could for example allow different investors to access investment managers depending on their business and the safeguards provided by their capital structure .
We should support the creation of a new and comprehensive system of disclosure of all risk positions , on - and off - balance sheet , to authorities in charge of market stability .
This information should allow them to aggregate and analyze the macro issues and identify the areas of weakness , as well as to communicate to individual institutions their fragilities .
While this is a big and complex task , it should be greatly facilitated by the clear separation of the different classes of intermediaries described above .
Does this not look like a simpler financial system than what we have today ?
Reference
Paul De Grauwe ( 2008 ) .
“ Returning to Narrow Banking ” , in B. Eichengreen and R. Baldwin , What G20 Leaders Must Do to Stabilise the Economy and Fix the Financial System , a VoxEU.org Publication , 2008 .
Randall S. Kroszner and Raghuram G. Rajan ( 1994 ) .
“ Is the Glass - Steagall Act Justified ?
A Study of the U.S. Experience with Universal Banking before 1933 ” , American Economic Review , American Economic Association , vol. 84 ( 4 ) , pages 810 - 32 , September .
Endnotes|
If you want to make sure your computer or server is not tricked into undertaking malicious or undesirable behavior , it 's not enough to keep bad code out of the system .
Two graduate students from UC San Diego 's computer science department ( L - R Ryan Roemer and Erik Buchanan ) have just published work showing that the process of building bad programs from good code using " return - oriented programming " can be automated and that this vulnerability applies to multiple computer architectures .
Credit : UC San Diego Jacobs School of Engineering
( PhysOrg.com ) --
If you want to make sure your computer or server is not tricked into undertaking malicious or undesirable behavior , it 's not enough to keep bad code out of the system .
Two graduate students from UC San Diego 's computer science department — Erik Buchanan and Ryan Roemer — have just published work showing that the process of building bad programs from good code using " return - oriented programming " can be automated and that this vulnerability applies to RISC computer architectures and not just the x86 architecture ( which includes the vast majority of personal computers ) .
Last year , UC San Diego computer science professor Hovav Shacham formally described how return - oriented programming could be used to force computers with the x86 architecture to behave maliciously without introducing any bad code into the system .
However , the attack required painstaking construction by hand and appeared to rely a unique quirk of the x86 design .
This new automation and generalization work from graduate students and professors from UC San Diego 's Jacobs School of Engineering will be presented on October 28 at ACM 's Conference on Communications and Computer Security ( CCS ) 2008 , one of the premier academic computer security conferences .
" Most computer security defenses are based on the notion that preventing the introduction of malicious code is sufficient to protect a computer .
This assumption is at the core of trusted computing , anti-virus software , and various defenses like Intel and AMD 's no execute protections .
There is a subtle fallacy in the logic , however : simply keeping out bad code is not sufficient to keep out bad computation , " said UC San Diego computer science professor Stefan Savage , an author on the CCS 2008 paper .
Return - oriented Programming
Return - oriented programming exploits start out like more familiar attacks on computers .
The attacker takes advantage of a programming error in the target system to overwrite the runtime stack and divert program execution away from the path intended by the system 's designers .
But instead of injecting outside code — the approach used in traditional malicious exploits — return - oriented programming enables attackers to create any kind of nasty computation or program by using just the existing code .
" You can create any kind of malicious program you can imagine — Turing complete functionality , " said Shacham .
For example , a user 's Web browser could be subverted to record passwords typed by the user or to send spam e-mail to all address book contacts , using only the code that makes up the browser itself .
" There is value in showing just how big of a potential problem return - oriented programming may turn out to be , " said computer science graduate student Erik Buchanan .
The term " return - oriented programming " describes the fact that the " good " instructions that can be strung together in order to build malicious programs need to end with a return command .
The graduate students showed that the process of building these malicious programs from good code can be largely automated by grouping sets of instructions into " gadgets " and then abstracting much of the tedious work behind a programming language and compiler .
Imagine taking a 700 page book , picking and choosing words and phrases in no particular order and then assembling a 50 page story that has nothing to do with the original book .
Return - oriented programming allows you to do something similar .
Here the 700 page book is the code that makes up the system being attacked — for example , the standard C - language library libc — and the story is the malicious program the attacker wishes to have executed .
" We found that return - oriented programming poses a much more general vulnerability than people initially thought , " said computer science graduate student Ryan Roemer .
He and Buchanan chose to study return - oriented programming for a class project after they heard Shacham outline a series of open questions in a guest lecture he gave in Savage 's computer security course last winter .
Living with Return - Oriented Programming
" The threat posed by return - oriented programming , across all architectures and systems , has negative implications for an entire class of security mechanisms : those that seek to prevent malicious computation by preventing the execution of malicious code , " the authors write in their CCS 2008 paper .
For instance , Intel and AMD have implemented security functionality into their chips ( NX / XD ) that prevents code from being executed from certain memory regions .
Operating systems in turn use these features to prevent input data from being executed as code ( e.g. , Microsoft 's Data Execution Prevention feature introduced in Windows XP SP2 ) .
The new research from UC San Diego , however , highlights an entire class of exploits that would not be stopped by these security measures since no malicious code is actually executed .
Instead , the stack is " hijacked " and forced to run good code in bad ways .
" We have demonstrated that return - oriented exploits are practical to write , as the complexity of gadget combination is abstracted behind a programming language and compiler .
Finally , we argue that this approach provides a simple bypass for the vast majority of exploitation mitigations in use today , " the computer scientists write .
The authors outline a series of approaches to combat return - oriented programming .
Eliminating vulnerabilities permitting control flow manipulation remains a high priority — as it has for 20 years .
Other possibilities : hardware and software support for further constraining control flow and addressing the power of the return - oriented approach itself .
" Finally , if the approaches fail , we may be forced to abandon the convenient model that code is statically either good or bad , and instead focus on dynamically distinguishing whether a particular execution stream exhibits good or bad behavior , " the authors write .
Related info :
" When Good Instructions Go Bad : Generalizing Return - Oriented Programming to RISC , " by Erik Buchanan , Ryan Roemer , Hovav Shacham , and Stefan Savage , Department of Computer Science & Engineering University of California , San Diego 's Jacobs School of Engineering .
cse.ucsd.edu/~rroemer/doc/sparc.pdf
Provided by University of California - San Diego
Of all the dramatic changes history has witnessed since 1945 - the economic miracle in postwar western Europe , the collapse of Communism and now the latest boom and bust - none was more unforeseen than the resurgence of religion .
A new " revolt of Islam " was quite unexpected 50 years ago , when secular Arab nationalism seemed the rising force , and when , for that matter , secular Israelis did n't guess that " religious Zionists " would one day make the running in their country .
And yet what may be the most striking and important development is the renewed role of religion in the US , and its political implications .
John McCain has tried to negatively associate Barack Obama with Jeremiah Wright , his fire - eating radical pastor ( or former pastor ) , but much less attention has been paid to Sarah Palin 's membership of the Assembly Church of God in Wasilla and to her own pastor , Ed Kalnins .
When Colin Powell endorsed Obama on Sunday , he said Palin was not yet ready to be president .
He might have added that her religious opinions also raised questions about her fitness for high office .
Religion may now be the largest gulf between Europe and the US .
Mitt Romney , the Mormon who ran for the Republican nomination , spoke of the empty cathedrals of Europe , and Tony Blair was the oddity among European politicians in his public protestations of faith .
Maybe Blair would be more at home in the US , if not quite at Saddleback , the " evangelical megachurch " in California , where McCain and Obama bared their sinful souls .
Obama blamed his early " experiments " with alcohol and drugs on " a certain selfishness " , and McCain confessed to his " greatest moral failing " with the end of his first marriage .
And yet , weird and embarrassing as this sounded to Europeans , it would have done so to Americans also not long ago .
For Herbert Hoover and Franklin Roosevelt to have taken part in any such event during the 1932 presidential campaign would have seemed quite absurd , or Harry Truman and Thomas Dewey in 1948 .
Four years later , Dwight Eisenhower had so little religious upbringing that he needed to be discreetly baptised before he reached the White House .
In 1960 religion did become a factor , and earlier this year Romney invoked the memory of John F Kennedy to suggest his own eccentric faith should n't be held against him .
But that was not comparing like with like .
Kennedy was the first Roman Catholic to be elected president , and in a famous speech to protestant pastors in Texas he upheld the principle of the first amendment - the separation of church and state .
But he was only insisting that a man of Catholic affiliation could be as good an American as anyone ( something the Bible belt was far from conceding when Al Smith , another Irish Catholic , was running for president only 32 years earlier ) .
What Kennedy did not say was that his career had been inspired by a devotion to Our Lady and the Sacred Heart .
If he had , apart from the fact that anyone who knew him would have found it hard to keep a straight face , he would have lost the election .
Nearly half a century later there has been a complete change .
Palin 's convention speech was held for a time to be the height of feisty wit ; but much more revealing is what she and her pastor have said about " the end of days " , an idea in which millions of American evangelical Christians sincerely believe .
According to Kalnins , the Jewish people must be gathered into the Land of Israel as a preliminary to Armageddon .
When that vast conflict comes the Jews will be converted , or possibly annihilated , and it will be followed by the Rapture .
Already Kalnins sees " the storm clouds are gathering " through conflict in the Middle East : " Scripture specifically mentions oil instability as a sign of the Rapture .
We 're seeing more and more oil wars .
The contractions of the fulfilment of prophecies are getting tighter and tighter . "
And he hopes to witness the Rapture soon .
" I 'm just looking at the turmoil of the world , Iraq , other places - everywhere people are fighting against Christ , " he says .
Since Palin is one of his flock , she presumably believes this too .
She certainly believes that Jesus told us to invade Iraq : she said so from the pulpit .
Not long ago John McCain was obliged to disown John Hagee , a Texan preacher with a huge following who is not only militantly hostile to Catholicism and Islam but believes that " Hitler was a hunter " who had been sent by God to drive the Jews to Israel .
Even assuming that McCain does not become the next president , sceptical Europe might stop and think about where the fulfilment of prophecies could yet lead us all .
wheaty@compuserve.com
By Ben Cohen
The MSNBC team have just called the election for Obama .
This is a historic , unbelievable , mindblowing moment , and a testimony to the spirit of the American people .
Museum recreation of a Neanderthal ( Image : Wikimedia Commons ) Comparison of a Neanderthal skull ( left ) with that of a Homo sapiens ( Credit : Nathan Holton )
The Neanderthal ’s huge nose is a fluke of evolution , not some grand adaptation , research suggests .
The Neanderthal nose has been a matter of befuddlement for anthropologists , who point out that modern cold - adapted humans have narrow noses to moisten and warm air as it enters the lung , and reduce water and heat loss during exhalation .
Advertisement
Big noses tend to be found in people whose ancestors evolved in tropical climates , where a large nasal opening helps cool the body .
But Neanderthals go against this trend , says Tim Weaver , a palaeoanthropologist at the University of California , Davis , who was not involved in the study .
“ They were living in the glacial environment of Europe , colder than it is today , for most of the time , ” he says .
“ So it ’s sort of been an anomaly .
Why do they have these wide nasal apertures ? ”
Jaw link ?
The traditional answer has been that Neanderthals have a big nose because they have a big mouth and a wide jaw , useful for ripping apart tough food , says Nathan Holton , a paleoanthropologist at the University of Iowa .
“ People have tried to explain the Neanderthal face as designed to produce high levels of bite force and trying to explain the rest of a wide nasal breath as part of a larger tend , ” he says .
To put this theory to the test , he and University of Iowa colleague Robert Franciscus , measured facial dimensions in dozens of Neanderthals and humans , ancient and modern .
By correlating changes in the size of nose width , the distance between canine teeth , and other features , the researchers could determine whether or not big mouths went with big noses .
Holton and Franciscus found a slight link between nose and mouth , but not enough to explain Neanderthal noses .
However , another measurement – the degree to which the face juts forward – seemed a better match for nose width , Houlton says .
Chance changes
“ If you want to change the breadth of the nose , you change the degree of facial projection , ” he says .
Measurements in modern humans support this theory .
By age 12 , a child ’s mouth has grown to its adult size , whereas the nose and facial projection continue to grow well into teenage years , Holton says .
Recent research suggests that Neanderthals matured at the same rate as humans .
Fortunately for Neanderthals , their inner noses were narrower than the openings suggest , and therefore well adapted to bone - chilling winters .
Why , then , do Neanderthals have faces that jut further out than humans ?
“ They had them because earlier hominids had them , ” Houlton says .
He laments the tendency of some anthropologists to “ atomise the body ” , and explain each of its part as an exquisite adaptation to an environment .
Selection for strong jaws and teeth has been a favourite explanation for other Neanderthal facial features , as well as nose size .
“ There ’s no real good evidence to say that Neanderthals are producing these high levels of bite force to begin with , ” he says .
Weaver agrees .
“ A lot of these anatomical differences are probably more likely due to these chance changes , ” he says .
Journal reference : Journal of Human Evolution ( DOI : 10.1016/j.jhevol.2008.07.001 )
Human Evolution – Follow the incredible story in our comprehensive special report .
Celebrity Face Off
Celebrities come in all shapes and sizes .
Some are rich , some are poor , some are pretty and some are just crazy !
We want to know which celebrity , in each set , would win a celebrity look - a- like fight .
Post your argument in the comments below !
Kanye West P. Diddy Kanye
West is a hater .
P. Diddy is a gangster .
By Rebecca Morelle
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
It is as thick as your arm and smells disgusting - and it has just been caught on camera for what is thought to be the first time .
A crew has managed to record a whale shark - the world 's biggest fish - expelling food waste , which was then scooped up for research .
Biologist Mark Meekan said the sample had helped him to discover more about the giant creature 's feeding habits .
The footage forms part of a BBC Natural World wildlife programme : Whale Shark .
Whale sharks ( Rhincodon typus ) are related to great whites , but are far less fearsome - they are filter feeders , swimming about with their enormous mouths open to scoop up tasty morsels floating in their paths .
One way to work out what is going in one end is to look at what is coming out of the other
Dr Mark Meekan
They can grow up to 12 m long ; yet , despite their staggering size , very little is known about these ocean giants .
Dr Meekan , who is based at the Darwin office of the Australian Institute of Marine Science , was followed by the Natural World team as he has carried out his research on these mysterious fish .
He said : " It does seem rather weird , someone being so excited about seeing whale shark poo .
And I 'm pretty certain that this is the first time it has been filmed .
" But it is pretty rare - they are usually doing their business down in much deeper water . "
He described the faeces that the team collected as " scientific gold " .
" One way to work out what is going in one end is to look at what is coming out of the other .
The creatures are the biggest fish in the world " By seeing one of these animals poo and getting hold of some of that stuff , we can use sophisticated genetic techniques to look at the DNA in that sample to find out exactly what those animals have been eating . "
Genetic analysis revealed that the whale shark had been feasting on red crab larvae - and this could be why the fish are attracted to Christmas island , which has plenty of this foodstuff available .
Dr Meekan said : " This is something we suspected , but now it has been confirmed .
" It has been really exciting to nail that one . "
Dr Meekan and his team have also been using technology to find out more about the fish .
He told the BBC : " The study of whale sharks is a fairly young science .
People have only really been studying these things since the late 1980s . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
But now , he said , advances in tagging technology over the last decade have really helped to improve understanding .
Satellite tags , which relay GPS data every time the fish surface , have already helped researchers to discover the vast distances the creatures travel .
But the team is also now taking advantage of other tagging systems .
Dr Meekan said : " Now we are taking another step forward and instead of just acquiring location , we are now also using tags to look at water temperature and salinity , to make a physical description of the waters they are inhabiting .
" They have also got an accelerometer on board which shows the position of the animal in 3D .
It 's pretty cool . "
The tags also contain video cameras to get a whale - shark 's - eye view of its underwater terrain .
The marine biologist said : " There has recently been a rapid evolution of technology .
These tags are becoming more and more sophisticated ; we are learning more and more things about the animal , its environment and what it is doing .
" We have gone from saying : ' Oh , there the animal is ! ' to really understanding it , what it is doing out there . "
Whale Shark is on BBC Two on Tuesday 18 November at 2000 GMT .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Reports are emerging which claim iPhone 3G owners sometimes face a challenge getting a consistent mobile signal when making calls on their phones – and it could be the Infineon chip inside the device that ’s too blame , an analyst states .
Apple ’s discussion threads are also full of users complaining at poor call quality – and these reports are n’t just emerging in the US .
After reading many of the threads in various forums around the internet , it seems users are complaining not only calls dropping , but applications freezing up .
Nomura Securities analyst Richard Windsor said the problems being reported are “ typical of an immature chipset and radio protocol stack , ” and that the blame may lie with Infineon , makers of the 3G chipset .
More damning evidence from T - Mobile in the Netherlands , which warned on the company blog : “ The 3G coverage of T - Mobile is as good as the competition , there can therefore not lie .
We suspect that it is a hardware / software specific issue of the iPhone itself . ”
A new version of MikeOS , a simple 16 - bit assembly operating system designed to teach basic OS design and implementation , is now available .
It features FAT12 file writing , a new mouse driver , a C library and other changes .
As always , the Handbook provides copious info on the OS and how to start OS development yourself .
" The Islamic people , the Arabs , were the ones who captured Africans , put them in slavery , and sent them to America as slaves .
Why would the people in America want to embrace the religion of slavers ? "
" Just like what Nazi Germany did to the Jews , so liberal America is now doing to the evangelical Christians .
It 's no different ... More terrible than anything suffered by any minority in history . "
" When lawlessness is abroad in the land , the same thing will happen here that happened in Nazi Germany .
Many of those people involved with Adolph Hitler were Satanists , many of them were homosexuals – the two things seem to go together . "
" The feminist agenda is not about equal rights for women .
It is about a socialist , anti-family political movement that encourages women to leave their husbands , kill their children , practice witchcraft , destroy capitalism , and become lesbians . "
" You say you 're supposed to be nice to the Episcopalians and the Presbyterians and the Methodists and this , that , and the other thing .
Nonsense , I do n't have to be nice to the spirit of the Antichrist . "
" I know this is painful for the ladies to hear , but if you get married , you have accepted the headship of a man , your husband .
Christ is the head of the household and the husband is the head of the wife , and that 's the way it is , period . "
" [ Homosexuals ] want to come into churches and disrupt church services and throw blood all around and try to give people AIDS and spit in the face of ministers . "
" [ Planned Parenthood ] is teaching kids to fornicate , teaching people to have adultery , every kind of bestiality , homosexuality , lesbianism – everything that the Bible condemns . "
( full disclosure : I work for the Courage Campaign )
" Home Invasion " was produced by two of our friends in the progressive movement -- netroots activists and brothers Dante Atkins and David Atkins .
This 60 - second ad satirically skewers the Mormon Church 's dictation of public policy to Californians .
We will be airing on CNN , MSNBC and Comedy Central in selected markets on Election Day .
Let 's just say , the Mormon Church is not pleased and the Salt Lake City media is all over this ad .
They are uncomfortable being in the spotlight , which they richly deserve for being the biggest force behind the Yes on 8 campaign .
BTW they have been planning a fight like Prop 8 since 1997 .
Dante Atkins ( hekebolos ) has an internal document from the Mormon Church up on Daily Kos .
Here is the statement they have released in response to the ad .
“ The Church has joined a broad - based coalition in defense of traditional marriage .
While we feel this is important to all of society , we have always emphasized that respect be given to those who feel differently on this issue .
It is unfortunate that some who oppose this proposition have not given the Church this same courtesy . ”
We respect that you feel differently about this issue , but rather than respecting our differing positions , you have attempted to impose your position on all of California .
That is what we are responding to and why we are fighting so hard to keep our rights that you are trying to take away .
If you are in CA and can volunteer tomorrow , call your local No on 8 office .
If you like our ad , contribute to help get it up on the air .
And here is the big one .
Make sure that everyone you know makes it to the polls tomorrow and votes all the way down the ballot .
Even if Obama is looking good and numbers are coming in from the East Coast , we need to make sure people go vote .
So spread the word !
No on Prop 8 .
Let 's annoy the Mormon Church even more with a victory tomorrow .
DOMESTICATION is not normally reckoned good for a species 's intelligence .
All that grey matter is expensive to grow , so if you have an owner to do your thinking for you , then you do not need so much of it .
Natural selection ( not to mention deliberate selection by people ) might therefore be expected to dumb domestic animals down .
Dogs , however , look like an exception to this rule .
Some , such as herding sheepdogs , have been bred for tasks that seem to involve a lot of intelligence .
More intriguingly , an experiment carried out in 2004 by Brian Hare , then at Harvard and now of Duke University in North Carolina , suggested that natural selection in the context of domestication had boosted dogs ' intelligence , too , by allowing them to understand human behaviour in a way that their ancestors , wolves , cannot .
The latest study of the matter , however , suggests that is not the case after all , and that wolves , not dogs , are the clever ones .
Dr Hare 's experiments involved showing his animals two upside - down cups , one of which covered food .
A human would then gesture in some way at the cup covering the food .
In theory , if the animal being tested was properly interpreting the gestures , it should have been lured to the object that the experimenter was indicating .
And that is what Dr Hare found .
Dogs selected the cup hiding the food far more than half the time , whereas the wolves he used for comparison got it right no more frequently than chance .
That led him to conclude that domestic dogs have evolved an ability to understand what their masters are up to by living among people for so long .
Monique Udell of the University of Florida , however , begs to differ .
She observed that Dr Hare 's wolves , though captive , had not been raised among humans , and wondered whether learning rather than evolution explained his observations .
Her team therefore worked with a mixture of pet dogs , dogs from animal shelters that had had minimal interaction with people , and wolves raised by humans .
They exposed their animals to an experiment similar to Dr Hare 's and came up with strikingly different results .
As they report in Animal Behaviour , the wolves outperformed both shelter dogs and pets .
Indeed , six of the eight wolves followed human gestures perfectly in more than eight out of ten trials .
Only three of eight pets were as successful as that and , as with Dr Hare 's wolves , none of the shelter dogs performed better than chance .
Far from being dumb , then , wolves are smarter than dogs .
You just have to bring 'em up proper .
In the next three to five years , Mr. Kyhl said , virtually all of Colorado ’s lodgepole pine trees over five inches in diameter will be lost , about five million acres .
“ Already in many places , every lodgepole over five inches is dead as far as the eye can see , ” he said .
Image HARDY
The beetles inject a fungus to stop the tree from moving sap .
Many forests are being cut before the trees fall .
Credit ... Anne Sherwood for The New York Times
Foresters say the historic outbreak has several causes .
Because fires have been suppressed for so long , all forests are roughly the same age , and the trees are big enough to be susceptible to beetles .
A decade of drought has weakened the trees .
And hard winters have softened , which allows the beetles to flourish and expand their range .
Hoping to keep their forests from completely dying , to earn money by selling dead and infected trees and to mitigate fire risks , landowners are scrambling to cut the pines .
If enough are cut  up to 75 percent  it might leave some behind that , with less competition for water , can survive .
Still , for many landowners , cutting most of the forest where they have they built their homes is painful .
“ I ’ve literally had people in my office crying , ” said Gary Ellingson , a forestry consultant for Northwest Management .
The black , hard - shelled beetle , the size of a fingertip , drills through pine bark and digs a gallery in the wood where it lays its eggs .
When the larvae hatch under the bark , they eat the sweet , rich cambium layer that provides nutrients to the tree .
They also inject a fungus to stop the tree from moving sap , which could drown the larvae .
That fungus stains the wood blue .
Tobias Wong was born and raised in Vancouver , Canada .
He studied architecture at the University of Toronto and received a full scholarship to attend New York City ’s prestigious Cooper Union School of Art , where he graduated from the sculpture program in 2000 .
Tobias ’ work has exhibited at the Museum of Modern Art , Museum of Vancouver , San Francisco Museum of Modem Art , Vancouver Art Gallery , National Design Museum as well as Cooper - Hewitt .
His collaborations include those for Colette , Comme des Garcons , Prada / OMA , Cappellini and Swarovski Crystal Palace .
Tobias ’ work was often irreverent , but never disrespectful .
The “ bad boy ” of design was influenced by Dada and , especially , Fluxus .
He challenged us to reconsider issues of authorship , of disciplinary boundaries , and the role of objects in our lives .
Much of Tobias ’ work can be seen fundamentally as conceptual art ; art as idea , where what we view is the vehicle for an idea .
Tobias was uncomfortable with " uniqueness and preciousness " as well as ownership .
Many of his works have associations with design and make references to art history .
Just as poets rearrange everyday words into remarkable poems to help us see the words ’ intrinsic beauty and symbolic meaning , Tobias took mundane and utilitarian objects and turned them into incredible sculptures or provocative statements .
His art is both intuitive and cerebral .
He tirelessly explored new ways to make and think about art , while poking at our societal obsession with mass consumption .
And he did so without really telling us whether he condoned or condemned that obsession — leaving this task to us .
Enlarge By Richard Drew , AP A New York City Police officer walks a subway platform in midtown on Wednesday .
NYPD spokesman Paul Browne said they have received an unsubstantiated report and as a result have " deployed additional resources in the mass transit system . "
NEW YORK 
The federal government has warned state and local agencies about " plausible but uncorroborated information " that al - Qaeda may be planning a holiday - season attack on area transit systems here .
Neither the Department of Homeland Security nor the FBI has specific information to confirm that a potential plot has developed beyond planning , according to a statement DHS posted on its website .
The warning cited intelligence that al - Qaeda may have discussed in late September the targeting of New York - area transit systems .
The DHS - FBI warning was issued as a routine precautionary heading into the holiday season so that state and local agencies can make decisions about whether to beef up security , DHS said in its statement .
Security in New York 's subways and commuter trains was strengthened after terrorist bombings on rail and bus systems in Madrid in 2004 and London in 2005 killed 243 people .
New York police routinely conduct random checks of passengers and their belongings .
Metropolitan Transportation Authority , which operates New York 's subways , said Wednesday that commuters should be cautious but not fearful .
" The MTA is aware of an unsubstantiated report of terrorist threats against transit properties during the holiday season , " spokesman Jeremy Soffin said .
" We are already on high alert and are always on a heightened state of readiness during this season .
We have been working closely with local , state and federal law enforcement to increase police presence throughout our transportation system .
As always , we ask that our customers remain alert and report any suspicious activity or packages , but there is no reason to be alarmed . "
No adjustments are being made to the nation 's terror threat level or specifically for transit systems , DHS said .
However , transit passengers in larger metropolitan areas such as New York may see an increased security presence in coming days , including uniformed and plainclothes behavior detection officers , federal air marshals , canine teams and security inspectors .
The Transportation Security Administation has deployed federal air marshals to the New York area and will work with local transit systems , including the Long Island Rail Road and Metro North commuter rail systems , said Christopher White , a TSA spokesman .
Both are run by the MTA .
Metro North connects Manhattan to Westchester County and Connecticut .
The LIRR is the nation 's largest commuter - rail system .
Generally , the air marshals are both plainclothes and uniformed , wearing blue nylon jackets with " Air Marshal " on the back in white writing .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey also is involved in handling this incident .
The authority runs the Port Authority Trans - Hudson subway , which connects lower Manhattan and New Jersey .
" As a routine matter , we remind the public to be both thoughtful and vigilant of their surroundings , and to report anything suspicious to authorities , " DHS said in a statement on its website .
Discussing the reported threat , New York Rep. Peter King , the top Republican on the House Homeland Security Committee , said authorities " have very real specifics as to who it is and where the conversation took place and who conducted it . "
" It certainly involves suicide bombing attacks on the mass transit system in and around New York and it 's plausible , but there 's no evidence yet that it's in the process of being carried out , " King said .
Frank reported from Washington .
Contributing : Associated Press Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Enlarge By Paul Richards , AFP / Getty Images
The White House has increased its estimate for next year 's deficit to nearly $ 490 billion , a report due out Monday shows .
WASHINGTON  The White House has increased its estimate for next year 's deficit to nearly $ 490 billion , a record figure that will saddle the next president with deepening budget problems in his first year in office , a report due out Monday shows .
The projected deficit for the fiscal year that begins Oct. 1 is being driven higher by the continuing economic slowdown and larger - than - anticipated costs of the two - year , $ 168 billion fiscal stimulus package passed by Congress , said two senior administration officials with direct knowledge of the report .
In February , President Bush predicted the 2009 deficit would be $ 407 billion .
The budget update shows this year 's deficit headed under $ 400 billion , at least $ 10 billion less than projected , according to the two officials .
That 's partly because tax revenue held up reasonably well despite the weaker economy .
The rising deficit for 2009 marks a sharp turnaround for Bush 's fiscal legacy .
He inherited a $ 128 billion surplus when he came into office in 2001 .
It soon turned to red ink because of a recession , the Sept. 11 attacks and the war on terrorism .
Curbing the deficit will fall to Bush 's successor and the next Congress following a time when taxes were cut and major spending initiatives were undertaken , including the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , transportation projects , farm subsidies , Medicare prescription drug coverage and a recently passed expansion of veterans ' education benefits .
The actual 2009 deficit could climb still higher because the new projection does not reflect full funding for the wars .
In addition , a worsening economy could add to the red ink by reducing tax revenue and increasing safety - net payments , such as jobless benefits and food stamps .
Both presidential candidates have proposed tax cuts that could further swell the deficit .
The non-partisan Tax Policy Center estimates that Republican John McCain 's cuts would cost $ 4.2 trillion and Democrat Barack Obama 's $ 2.8 trillion over 10 years .
Neither candidate has specified major spending cuts he would make to reduce the deficit .
" The picture 's looking pretty dark out there , " said Sen. Judd Gregg , R - N.H. , top Republican on the Senate Budget Committee .
He credited Bush 's tax cuts with creating six years of economic growth but " on the spending side , their record is not good . "
White House budget director Jim Nussle said that despite the surplus Bush started with , he faced a deficit in defense , intelligence and homeland security that had to be bolstered after 9/11 .
" This is not just a mathematical exercise , " he said in an interview with USA TODAY .
Nussle said an economic recovery and a renewed effort by Congress to control spending could rein in the deficit .
Bush proposed in recent years to slow the growth of spending in programs such as Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid .
Those efforts were ignored by Congress — most recently last week , when the House voted to sidestep a provision of the 2003 Medicare prescription drug law that would have required lower Medicare spending .
The biggest budget deficit recorded to date was $ 413 billion in 2004 .
In today 's dollars , that would be about $ 478 billion .
As a share of the economy , the 2009 deficit would be 3 % to 4 % , below the post - World War II record of 6 % set in 1983 .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Others , however , dump their savings into a gold - plated wheelbarrow so they can carry the $ 50,000 required to buy a loaf of bread in style .
Today , we celebrate those fiscal morons that make lists like this possible .
We live in uncertain economic times .
In moments like this , sensible folks save money , invest wisely , and stock up on ammunition for the forthcoming class wars .
6 Mike Tyson
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
How badass of a boxer was Mike Tyson ?
He knocked unconscious 26 of the first 28 opponents he faced , 16 of them in the first freaking round .
Most of his opponents had no trouble meeting a qualifying weight prior to their fight because of the regularity with which they shit themselves beforehand .
He was the undisputed champ by age 21 .
Realizing that Tyson was running out of people to punch in the real world , Nintendo inserted him digitally into Mike Tyson 's Punchout !!
so he could haunt the dreams of children and future opponents alike .
Despite a couple of hiccups along the way , Mike Tyson 's notoriety allowed him to eventually command over $ 30 million a fight , building a fortune in excess of $ 300 million .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
So What Happened ?
Well , the " hiccups " included an embarrassing loss to 42:1 underdog Buster Douglas and a rape conviction in 1992 .
As hiccups go , those would cause your metaphorical diaphragm to eject your lungs on to the pavement .
He was incarcerated for 3 years , only to return to boxing more unhinged than he left it :
Still , his $ 300 million had to make him feel better about all that .
After all , that 's more money than you can ever spend !
Actually , no .
Especially if , like Tyson , you paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to a gentleman answering to " Crocodile , " whose job it was to shout " Guerrilla Warfare ! " at pre-fight press -conferences .
Or if you purchase two Bengal tigers that cost $ 12,000 monthly for care and feeding ( Bengal tigers will apparently only eat meat that has been first coated in gold ) .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
According to reports , Tyson had :
" ... custom - made Harley Davidsons , a fleet of Rolls , Bentleys and Ferraris .
Once , in Vegas , he bought a batch of six Rolls and distributed them among his friends .
He 's had a half - million dollar watch emblazoned with pornography . "
But worst of all , Tyson got wrapped up in a very expensive addiction .
That 's right : pigeons .
Tyson started a pigeon - breeding operation , winding up with 350 world - class birds imported from all over the world , costing thousands a month in care and feeding and four elaborate coups to house them on his property .
In 2003 , Tyson declared bankruptcy , owing approximately $ 10.2 million to the IRS and creditors .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
" Why did I do this ? "
What We Can Learn from This :
In the event you become the heavyweight boxing champion , fight the urge to purchase a $ 100,000 platinum bracelet inscribed with " Heavyweight Champ . "
We have found that the gold belt occupying a third of your torso does an equally good job of advertising the same .
Not to mention the inscription severely limits the potential pool of people to resell to .
BAGHDAD ( Reuters ) - Iraq ’s parliament on Thursday approved a security pact with the United States that paves the way for U.S. forces to withdraw by the end of 2011 , taking the country a big step closer to full sovereignty .
The deal , which parliament linked to a series of promised political reforms and a public referendum next year , brings in sight the end of a U.S. military presence that began with the 2003 invasion and ouster of dictator Saddam Hussein .
It will test whether Iraqi police and soldiers are ready to handle security after years of bloodshed between majority Shi’ites and Sunni Arabs who were initially allied with al Qaeda fighters battling U.S. forces .
The pact replaces an expiring U.N. mandate .
It gives Iraq authority over about 150,000 U.S. troops in the country , who will be obliged to withdraw from towns by mid-2009 , and makes them liable for some crimes committed when they are off duty .
“ It is a historic day for the great Iraqi nation .
We have made real one of its most important achievements , ” Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki said in an address to the nation .
Lawmakers in Iraq ’s 275 seat parliament passed the deal with 149 MPs out of 198 present voting for it .
The pact consists of a Status of Forces Agreement and a long - term strategic framework agreement , which defines U.S. - Iraqi ties for years to come .
Several hours after it was signed a suicide car bomber killed four people , including two policemen , and wounded 41 others in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul , police said .
Though the deal stipulates an end -2011 U.S. troop withdrawal deadline , Iraq was hopeful its forces would grow capable enough to take full responsibility on their own before then .
“ The withdrawal , theoretically , is completed at the end of December 2011 , but we are expectant and hopeful that we could achieve that earlier , ” government spokesman Ali al - Dabbagh said .
Agreeing the departure date was seen by Iraq as clinching a key concession after months of arduous talks with Washington negotiators initially loathe to specify a withdrawal timetable .
“ It affirms the growth of Iraq ’s democracy and increasing ability to secure itself , ” a statement from outgoing U.S. President George W. Bush said of parliament ’s vote .
ACRIMONIOUS NEGOTIATIONS
The vote had been postponed from Wednesday due to acrimonious negotiations over demands from Sunni Arabs , who were dominant under Saddam , for concessions largely unrelated to the pact .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
Iraq ’s influential top Shi’ite cleric Grand Ayatollah Ali al - Sistani had called for consensus from all of the communities , making it important for the government to seek the inclusion of Sunni Arabs .
In the end , Iraq ’s Shi’ite - led coalition and Kurdish partners agreed to link the pact to the referendum and a package of reforms , such as speeding up the release of mainly Sunni detainees captured by the United States at the height of the sectarian violence .
The agreement was opposed to the last by lawmakers loyal to firebrand Shi’ite cleric Moqtada al - Sadr , who want an immediate U.S. withdrawal .
They held up banners and loudly chanted , “ No , no to the pact .
Yes , yes to Iraq , ” as parliament voted .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
The referendum is scheduled to be held by the end of July next year , Iraqi officials said .
Washington has similar pacts with several other countries .
It is expected to boost Maliki ’s prestige , by allowing him to continue to call on U.S. military help while taking credit for their eventual withdrawal .
Ratification by Iraq ’s president and two vice presidents is expected to be formality .
Share List
Many people understand that Muslim Americans still live by a code , much of it having to do with the principles and values that are dictated by the Quran and Islamic community .
Muslims living in other countries might be bound by more strict rules or even sharia law , but Muslims living in America do have a greater number of options when planning for the future .
Even though Muslims are allowed to engage in estate planning practices , they can experience discrimination when trying .
This is because many American lawyers simply are not well versed in Islamic practices — and , in fact , they are hesitant to do the extra work or ask their clients out of fear for their own reputations .
While it is true that family estate planning for a Muslim client will likely differ somewhat from a lawyer ’s average client , these differences should not dissuade lawyers from taking on new clients from a subsection of our American society that is already left out .
Estate planning lawyers who are interested in providing services to these underrepresented individuals need not worry — there is plenty of information out there , much of it provided by the American Bar Association .
Estate Planning for the Muslim Client is an especially useful resource developed for exactly this reason .
It provides valuable information about issues that might arise due to religious principles and legal policies , and how property will likely be distributed upon a client ’s death .
Planning for the future is not always only a burden for the lawyers who must draft relevant documents , but also for Muslim Americans who might not know the extent of the synergy between Islamic values and American law .
There are many attorneys who provide the majority of their services to Muslim clients .
If you live in a larger area , you might have no trouble finding one .
Either way , there is no need for the process to be so stressful !
This is what you can expect : first , ask an estate planning lawyer about their experience drafting documents for Muslim clients .
If they have no experience , ask if they are willing to learn the process with you .
You can set an appointment once you find the right lawyer .
The lawyer will likely email you relevant information about estate planning laws .
You should take the time to review as much as you can in order to ask questions about anything that seems confusing .
Most estate planning meetings take anywhere from an hour to an hour - and - a - half , but you should be prepared to budget more time if your lawyer is unfamiliar with your needs .
Be prepared to conduct this meeting online if in - person meetings are difficult due to COVID - 19 .
During the meeting , you will discuss the size of your estate , potential beneficiaries you would like to add to your plan , a living trust , last will and testament , power of attorney , etc .
Once an agreement is solidified , you and a witness will sign the agreement in front of a notary .
This will conclude your business !
The election of a new American president is always an important event , because of the power the American president has to influence events and affect lives around the world .
This election is particularly important : the American economy is going through the most serious financial crisis since The Great Depression .
And the international scene is littered with the debris of Bush ’s disregard for the rule of law , and his confrontational strategies .
Barack Obama has promised to undo the damage eight years of Bush policy has caused .
The other contender , John McCain , if he unexpectedly surmounts the odds and becomes president , will likely build on the Bush legacy , notwithstanding his recent disclaimer : “ I am not President Bush . ”
To be sure Obama has said he would use force to defend American interests , and would be ready to act outside the framework of the United Nations .
It may be that being the president of a superpower carries with it some obligation to brandish the use of force as an instrument of foreign policy , or else risk being disqualified from the race altogether .
Nevertheless , the possibility of an Obama administration choosing dialogue over confrontation , engagement over hostility , is real .
Therefore , the new president would be well - advised to send a message that his defence of American values is genuine and not a rhetorical device to justify oppressive foreign policy choices .
Read
Denouncing the Bush doctrine would be a good start .
The Bush doctrine of aggressively promoting American hegemony around the world contains two unsettling elements :
The concept of pre-emptive war and the possibility of the use of nuclear weapons .
‘ Axis of evil ’
In January 2002 , Bush told Congress that North Korea , Iraq and Iran represented “ an axis of evil ” .
He also signalled America ’s readiness to launch pre-emptive strikes against such regimes .
The Nuclear Posture Review presented by the Pentagon to Congress on January 8 , 2002 , stated : “ The Pentagon needs to be prepared to use nuclear weapons against China , Russia , Iraq , North Korea , Iran , Libya and Syria . ”
The Review listed three specific scenarios for an American nuclear strike : “ an Iraqi attack on Israel or its neighbours , a North Korean attack on South Korea , or a military confrontation [ with China ] over the status of Taiwan . ”
The New York Times rightly observed : “ If another country were planning to develop a new nuclear weapon and contemplating pre-emptive strikes against a list of non-nuclear powers , Washington would rightly label that nation a dangerous rogue state . ”
America certainly needs to defend itself against threats and aggression , but the Bush doctrine is an open - ended commitment to the use of force regardless of its legality and a guarantee of a permanent state of conflict and tension .
Pre-emptive strikes and the use of nuclear weapons are not only violations of international law , they are also dangerous strategies for a world desperate for leadership that promotes peaceful resolution of disputes .
If the new president is committed to promoting American values , then surely he would want to re-establish the primacy of the rule of law over the disregard the Bush administration showed for it .
Illegal war
A good beginning would be to acknowledge the illegal nature of the Iraq war .
Under the Nuremberg principle articulated by US Supreme Court Justice Robert L. Jackson : “ Launching a war of aggression is a crime and … no political or economic situation can justify it . ”
Moreover , the Bush administration set up a global prison system where detainees were subjected to abuse and torture .
It used torture in Iraq and in Afghanistan and outsourced torture to other countries in its extraordinary rendition programme .
The editors of the New York Times lamented the kind of America Bush was creating : “ A nation that tortures human beings and then concocts legal sophistries to confuse the world and avoid accountability before American voters ? ”
Obama has repeatedly stated that America is a better country than that .
To his credit , the republican candidate John McCain also condemned the use of torture .
A while ago I wrote about how I solved the Google Treasure Hunt Puzzle # 4 about prime numbers .
I took an unusual approach and solved this problem entirely from the Unix shell .
The solution involved finding the intersection between a bunch of files containing numbers .
This lead me to an idea to write a post about how to do various set operations from the shell by using common utilities such as sort , uniq , diff , grep , head , tail , comm , and others .
I 'll cover the following set operations in this article .
Set Membership .
Test if an element belongs to a set .
.
Test if an element belongs to a set .
Set Equality .
Test if two sets contain the same elements .
.
Test if two sets contain the same elements .
Set Cardinality .
Return the number of elements in the set .
.
Return the number of elements in the set .
Subset Test .
Test if a given set is a subset of another set .
.
Test if a given set is a subset of another set .
Set Union .
Find union of two sets .
. Find union of two sets .
Set Intersection .
Find intersection of two sets .
. Find intersection of two sets .
Set Complement .
Given two sets A and B , find all elements in A that are not in B .
.
Given two sets and , find all elements in that are not in .
Set Symmetric Difference .
Find symmetric difference of two sets .
.
Find symmetric difference of two sets .
Power Set .
Generate all subsets of a set .
. Generate all subsets of a set .
Set Cartesian Product .
Find A x B .
. Find x .
Disjoint Set Test .
Test if two sets are disjoint .
.
Test if two sets are disjoint .
Empty Set Test .
Test if a given set is empty .
.
Test if a given set is empty .
Minimum .
Find the smallest element of a set .
.
Find the smallest element of a set .
Maximum .
Find the largest element of a set .
Update : I wrote another post about these operations and created a cheat sheet .
Download cheat sheet : set operations in unix shell ( .txt )
To illustrate these operations , I created a couple of random sets to work with .
Each set is represented as a file with one element per line .
The elements are positive numbers .
First , I created two sets A and B with 5 elements each so that I could easily check if the operations really worked .
Sets A and B are hand - crafted .
It 's easy to see that only elements 1 , 2 and 3 are in common :
$ cat A $ cat B 3 11 5 1 1 12 2 3 4 2
I also created a set Asub which is a subset of set A and Anotsub which is not a subset of A ( to test the Subset Test operation ) :
$ cat Asub $ cat Anotsub 3 6 2 7 5 8
Next , I created two equal sets Aequal and Bequal again with 5 elements each :
$ cat Aequal $ cat Bequal 103 100 102 101 101 102 104 103 100 104
Then , I created two huge sets Abig and Bbig with 100,000 elements with repeated elements .
The easiest way to generate sets Abig and Bbig was to take natural numbers from / dev/urandom .
There are two shell commands that can easily do that .
The first is od and the second is hexdump .
Here is how to create two files with 100,000 natural numbers with both commands .
With hexdump :
$ hexdump -e ' 1/4 " %u
" ' -n400000 /dev/urandom > Abig $ hexdump -e ' 1/4 " %u
" ' -n400000 /dev/urandom > Bbig
The -e switch specifies the output format .
It says - take 1 element of size 4 bytes and output it as an unsigned integer .
The -n switch specifies how many bytes to read from / dev/urandom .
In this case it 's 400000 ( 400000 bytes / 4 bytes per element = 100000 elements ) .
With od :
$ od - An - w4 - tu4 - N400000 / dev/ urandom | sed 's / *//' >
Abig $ od - An - w4 - tu4 - N400000 / dev/urandom | sed 's / *//' >
Bbig
The " - An " switch specifies that no line address is necessary .
The " - w4 " switch specifies number of bytes to output per line .
The " - tu4 " says to output unsigned 4 - byte numbers and " - N400000 " limits the output to 400000 bytes ( 400000 / 4 = 100000 elements ) .
The output from od has to be filtered through sed to drop the leading whitespace characters .
Okay , now let 's look at various set operations .
Set Membership
The set membership operation tests if an element belongs to a set .
We write a ?
A , if element a belongs to set A , and we write a ?
A , if it does not .
The easiest way to test if an element is in a set is to use " grep " command .
Grep searches the file for lines matching a pattern :
$ grep - xc ' element ' set
The " - c " flag outputs number of elements in the set .
If it is not a multi-set , the number of elements should be 0 or 1 .
The " - x " option specifies to match the whole line only ( no partial matches ) .
Here is an example of this operation run on set A :
$ grep - xc ' 4 '
A 1 $ grep - xc ' 999 ' A 0
That 's correct .
Set A contains element 4 but does not contain element 999 .
If the membership operation has to be used from a shell script , the return code from grep can be used instead .
Unix commands succeed if the return code is 0 , and fail otherwise :
$ grep - xq ' element ' set # returns 0 if element ?
set # returns 1 if element ?
set
The " - q " flag makes sure that grep does not output the element if it is in the set .
Set Equality
The set equality operation tests if two sets are the same , i.e. , contain the same elements .
We write A = B if sets A and B are equal and A ?
B if they are not .
The easiest way to test if two sets are equal is to use " diff " command .
Diff command compares two files for differences .
It will find that the order of lines differ , so the files have to be sorted first .
If they are multi-sets , the output of sort has to be run through " uniq " command to eliminate duplicate elements :
$ diff -q <( sort set1 | uniq ) <( sort set2 | uniq ) # returns 0 if set1 = set2 # returns 1 if set1 ?
set2
The " - q " flag quiets the output of diff command .
Let 's test this operation on sets A , B , Aequal and Bequal :
$ diff -q <( sort A | uniq ) <( sort B | uniq ) # return code 1 -- sets A and B are not equal $ diff -q <( sort Aequal | uniq ) <( sort Bequal | uniq ) # return code 0 -- sets A and B are equal
If you have already sorted sets , then just run :
$ diff -q set1 set2
Set Cardinality
The set cardinality operations returns the number of elements in the set .
We write | A| to denote the cardinality of the set A .
The simplest way to count the number of elements in a set is to use " wc " command .
Wc command counts the number of characters , words or lines in a file .
Since each element in the set appears on a new line , counting the number of lines in the file will return the cardinality of the set :
$ wc -l set | cut - d ' ' - f1
Cut command is necessary because " wc - l " also outputs the name of the file it was ran on .
The cut command outputs the first field which is number of lines in the file .
We can actually get rid of cut :
$ wc -l < set
Let 's test if on sets A and Abig :
$ wc -l A | cut - d ' ' - f1 5 $ wc -l Abig | cut - d ' ' - f1 100000 $ wc -l < A 5 $ wc -l < Abig 100000
Subset Test
The subset test tests if the given set is a subset of another set .
We write S ?
A if S is a subset of A , and S ?
A , if it 's not .
I found a very easy way to do it using the " comm " utility .
Comm compares two sorted files line by line .
It may be run in such a way that it outputs lines that appear only in the first specified file .
If the first file is subset of the second , then all the lines in the 1st file also appear in the 2nd , so no output is produced :
$ comm - 23 <( sort subset | uniq ) <( sort set | uniq ) | head - 1 # comm returns no output if subset ?
set # comm outputs something if subset ?
set
Please remember that if you have a numeric set , then sort must take " - n " option .
Let 's test if Asub is a subset of A :
$ comm - 23 <( sort -n Asub|uniq ) <( sort -n A|uniq ) | head - 1 # no output - yes , Asub ?
A
Now let 's test if Anotsub is a subset of A :
$ comm - 23 <( sort -n Anotsub|uniq ) <( sort -n A|uniq ) | head - 1 6 # has output - no , Anotsub ? A
If you want to use it from a shell script , you 'd have to test if the output from this command was empty or not .
Set Union
The set union operation unions two sets , i.e. , join them into one set .
We write C = A ?
B to denote union of sets A and B which produces set C .
Set union is extremely easy to create .
Just use the " cat " utility to concatenate two files :
$ cat set1 set2
If the duplicates ( elements which are both in set1 and set2 ) are not welcome , then the output of cat can be filtered via awk :
$ cat set1 set2 | awk '! found [ $ 1 ] ++' # we can also get rid of cat by just using awk : $ awk '! found [ $ 1 ] ++' set1 set2
If we do n't want to use awk , which is a whole - blown programming language , then we can sort the output of cat and filter it via uniq :
$ cat set1 set2 | sort | uniq # we can get rid of cat by specifying arguments to sort : $ sort set1 set2 | uniq # finally we can get rid of uniq by specifying -u flag to sort $ sort -u set1 set2
If the sets set1 and set2 are already sorted , then the union operation can be made much faster by specifying the " - m " command line option , which merges the files ( like the final step of merge - sort algorithm ) :
$ sort -m set1 set2 | uniq # or $ set - um set1 set2
Let 's test this operation on sets A and B :
$ cat A B # with duplicates 3 5 1 2 4 11 1 12 3 2 $ awk '! found [ $ 1 ] ++'
# without dupes 3 5 1 2 4 11 12 $ sort -n A B | uniq # with sort && uniq 1 2 3 4 5 11 12
Set Intersection
The set intersection operation finds elements that are in both sets at the same time .
We write C = A ?
B to denote the intersection of sets A and B , which produces the set C .
There are many ways to do set intersection .
The first way that I am going to show you uses " comm " :
$ comm - 12 < ( sort set1 ) <( sort set2 )
The " - 12 " option to comm directs it to suppress output of lines appearing just in the 1st and the 2nd file and makes it output lines appearing in both 1st and 2nd , which is the intersection of two sets .
Please remember that if you have a numeric set , then sort must take " - n " option .
Another way to do it is to use " grep " utility .
I actually found about this method as I was writing this article :
$ grep -xF -f set1 set2
The " - x " option forces grep to match the whole lines ( no partial matches ) .
The " - f set1 " specifies the patterns to use for searching .
The " - F " option makes grep interpret the given patterns literally ( no regexes ) .
It works by matching all lines of set1 in set2 .
The lines that appear just in set1 or just in set2 are never output .
The next way to find intersection is by using " sort " and " uniq " :
$ sort set1 set2 | uniq -d
The " - d " option to uniq forces it to print only the duplicate lines .
Obviously , if a line appears in set1 and set2 , after sorting there will be two consecutive equal lines in the output .
The " uniq - d " command prints such repeated lines ( but only 1 copy of it ) , thus it 's the intersection operation .
Just a few minutes before publishing this article I found another way to do intersection with " join " command .
Join command joins files on a common field :
$ join <( sort -n A ) <( sort -n B )
Here is a test run :
$ sort -n A B | uniq -d 1 2 3 $ grep -x F -f A B 1 3 2 $ comm - 12 <( sort -n A ) <( sort -n B ) 1 2 3
Set Complement
The set complement operation finds elements that are in one set but not the other .
We write A - B or A \ B to denote set 's B complement in set A .
Comm has become a pretty useful command for operating on sets .
It can be applied to implement set complement operation as well :
$ comm - 23 <( sort set1 ) <( sort set2 )
The option " - 23 " specifies that comm should not print elements that appear just in set2 and that are common to both .
It leaves comm to print elements which are just in set1 ( and not in set2 ) .
The " grep " command can also be used to implement this operation :
$ grep - vxF -f set2 set1
Notice that the order of sets has been reversed from that of comm .
That 's because we are searching those elements in set1 , which are not in set2 .
Another way to do it is , of course , with " sort " and " uniq " :
$ sort set2 set2 set1 | uniq -u
This is a pretty tricky command .
Suppose that a line appears in set1 but does not appear in set2 .
Then it will be output just once and will not get removed by uniq .
All other lines get removed .
Let 's put these commands to test :
$ comm - 23 <( sort -n A ) <( sort -n B ) 4 5 $ grep -vxF -f B A 5 4 $ sort -n B B A | uniq -u 4 5
Set Symmetric Difference
The set symmetric difference operation finds elements that are in one set , or in the other but not both .
We write A ?
B to denote symmetric difference of sets A and B .
The operation can be implemented very easily with " comm " utility :
$ comm - 3 < ( sort set1 ) < ( sort set2 ) | sed 's /\t//g' # sed can be replaced with tr $ comm - 3 < ( sort set1 ) < ( sort set2 ) | tr - d '\t '
Here comm is instructed via " - 3 " not to output fields that are common to both files , but to output fields that are just in set1 and just in set2 .
Sed is necessary because comm outputs two columns of data and some of it is right padded with a \t tab character .
It can also be done with " sort " and " uniq " :
$ sort set1 set2 | uniq -u
We can use mathematics and derive a few formulas involving previously used operations for symmetric difference : A ? B = ( A - B ) ?
( B - A ) .
Now we can use grep :
$ cat <( grep - vxF -f set1 set2 ) < ( grep - vxF -f set2 set1 ) # does ( B - A ) ?
( A - B ) # this can be simplified $ grep - vxF -f set1 set2 ; grep -vxF -f set2 set1
Let 's test it :
$ comm - 3 <( sort -n A ) >( sort -n B ) | sed 's / \t//g' 11 12 4 5 $ sort -n A B | uniq -u 4 5 11 12 $ cat <( grep - vxF -f B A ) <( grep - vxF -f A B ) 5 4 11 12
Power Set
The power set operation generates a power - set of a set .
What 's a power set ?
It 's a set that contains all subsets of the set .
We write P( A ) or 2A to denote all subsets of A .
For a set with n elements , the power set contains 2n elements .
For example , the power - set of the set { a , b , c } contains 23 = 8 elements .
The power - set is { {} , {a} , {b} , {c} , {a , b} , {a , c} , {b , c} , {a , b , c} } .
It 's not easy to do that with simple Unix tools .
I could not think of anything better than a silly Perl solution :
$ perl - le ' sub powset { return [ [ ] ] unless @_ ; my $ head = shift ; my $ list = &powset ; [ @$list , map { [ $head , @$_ ] } @$list ] } chomp ( my @e = <> ) ; for $p ( @{powset ( @e ) } ) { print @$p ; }' set
Can you think of a way to do it with Unix tools ?
Set Cartesian Product
The set Cartesian product operation produces produces a new set that contains all possible pairs of elements from one set and the other .
The notation for Cartesian product of sets A and B is A x B .
For example , if set A = { a , b , c } and set B = { 1 , 2 } then the Cartesian product A x B = { ( a , 1 ) , ( a , 2 ) , ( b , 1 ) , ( b , 2 ) , ( c , 1 ) , ( c , 2 ) } .
I can't think of a great solution .
I have a very silly solution in bash :
$ while read a ; do while read b ; do echo " $a , $ b " ; done < set1 ; done < set2
Can you think of other solutions ?
Disjoint Set Test
The disjoint set test operation finds if two sets are disjoint , i.e. , they do not contain common elements .
Two sets are disjoint if their intersection is the empty set .
Any of the set intersection commands ( mentioned earlier ) can be applied on the sets and the output can be tested for emptiness .
If it is empty , then the sets are disjoint , if it is not , then the sets are not disjoint .
Another way to test if two sets are disjoint is to use awk :
$ awk '{ if ( ++ seen [ $ 0 ] ==2 ) exit 1 } ' set1 set2 # returns 0 if sets are disjoint # returns 1 if sets are not disjoint
It works by counting seen elements in set1 and then set2 .
If any of the elements appear both in set1 and set2 , seen count for that element would be 2 and awk would quit with exit code 1 .
Empty Set Test
The empty set test tests if the set is empty , i.e. , contains no elements .
The empty set is usually written as Ø .
It 's very easy to test if the set is empty .
The cardinality of an empty set is 0 :
$ wc -l set | cut - d ' ' - f1 # outputs 0 if the set is empty # outputs > 0 if the set is not empty
Getting rid of cut :
$ wc -l < set # outputs 0 if the set is empty # outputs > 0 if the set is not empty
Minimum
The minimum operation returns the smallest number in the set .
We write min( A ) to denote the minimum operation on the set A .
The minimum element of a set can be found by first sorting it in ascending order and then taking the first element .
The first element can be taken with " head " Unix command which outputs the first part of the file :
$ head - 1 <( sort set )
The " - 1 " option specifies to output the first line only .
If the set is already sorted , then it 's even simpler :
$ head - 1 set
Remember to use " sort - n " command if the set contains numeric data .
Example of running minimum operation on sets A and Abig :
$ head - 1 <( sort -n A ) 1 $ head - 1 <( sort -n Abig ) 2798
Maximum
The maximum operation returns the biggest number in the set .
We write max ( A ) to denote the maximum operation on the set A .
The maximum element of a set can be found by first sorting it in ascending order and then taking the last element .
The last element can be taken with " tail " Unix command which outputs the last part of the file :
$ tail - 1 <( sort set )
The " - 1 " option specifies to output the last line only .
If the set is already sorted , then it 's even simpler :
$ tail - 1 set
Remember to use " sort - n " command if the set contains numeric data .
Example of running maximum operation on sets A and Abig :
$ tail - 1 <( sort -n A ) 5 $ head - 1 <( sort -n Abig ) 4294906714
Have fun learning all this and see you next time !
( AOL Autos ) -- Maybe you 've been tempted .
Sitting at the wheel in traffic , you hear the familiar beep of a text - message alert .
Since January , drivers in Washington have been targeted with $ 101 fines if they are found guilty of DWT .
Maybe your boss wants the latest numbers from today 's sales meeting , or a friend wants to set up a place to meet for drinks .
Traffic is backed up and you know it would take less than a minute to type a response with your thumbs , so you do .
There is little risk here , you think .
And then it happens ... the person in front of you stops more quickly than you expected and you crash into them .
During the claims process your insurance company starts checking your cell - phone communications in the run-up to the accident .
Now you 've just lost a claim and a heck of a lot of money , all because that text was oh - so important .
A growing problem
If you avoid text messaging in your car , you stand a substantially reduced chance of a loss of a claim or , indeed , a loss of life , recent studies suggest .
Texting while driving , or fiddling with myriad devices including your cell phone , BlackBerry or GPS system , is a leading factor in accidents across the nation .
Ask the 22 - year - old Arizona woman who recently hit a stationary emergency vehicle , with its lights blazing , while text messaging behind the wheel .
Four states are actively attempting to ban driving while texting ( DWT ) , with Washington passing a ban early this year on all drivers sending electronic messages while on the road .
In 17 states including the District of Columbia , young or inexperienced drivers are banned from using cell phones , even using a hands - free kit , with emergency calls exempted .
These measures are in response to a ream of statistics that suggest DWT is a growing danger .
In various accredited published studies , some 46 percent of drivers ages 16 to 17 admit to texting while driving .
One study by Nationwide Insurance suggests DWT is generational , with 37 percent of people age 18 to 27 saying they text message while driving , while just 14 percent of those ages 28 to 44 and two percent of drivers ages 45 to 60 admitted to it .
AOL Autos : 10 cars to keep you young
Since January , drivers in Washington have been targeted with $ 101 fines if they are found guilty of DWT .
Drivers in Oregon face a much bigger $ 720 fine next year if some state lawmakers get their way .
Cities nationwide are jumping on the text - message ordinance bandwagon , too .
AOL Autos : 10 safest small cars
A solution within reach ?
Would n't it be nice to find a solution to your texting requirements while keeping you safe on the road ?
The smart folks at Virtual Management , Inc. thought so and went about developing the Electronic Virtual Assistant ( EVA ) .
EVA offers a live transcribing service which can send and receive e-mail or text messages via voice mail .
The system reads all - important e-mail or text message back to you on a hands - free kit .
It will also back up to its database any data given or received by voice over the phone for a period of 10 years .
AOL Autos : Most popular crossovers
The company says that its live transcribing and record - keeping services will save businesses , and their workers , money through tax write - offs and expense accounting .
But , perhaps more importantly for any driver , or a busy sales rep on the road , it takes the typing out of text messaging .
AOL Autos : Four turbo - charged cars
For less than $ 20 a month , the EVA system allows users , through an online database , to identify a list of VIP e-mail addresses .
Any e-mail or text sent from those addresses are automatically forwarded as a voice message to the customer 's cell phone .
Users can then safely listen to them on a hands - free car kit .
AOL Autos : Top 5 most popular cars
Jason Kirshner , a spokesman for the EVA , says : " When you 're driving and you want to respond [ to a text message or e-mail ] , most people will thumb [ type ] a response , which is a little dangerous .
With EVA you can dictate a message and it will be sent as an online WAV ( digital audio ) file as an e-mail attachment .
" Our stage two plan is that you can initiate the communication .
You basically dictate your message and it gets sent as an e-mail , " he said .
" Voice recognition software has come a long way but it 's not perfect .
You do n't have room for mistakes .
Great thing is by [ messaging your own ] voice , one , it 's highly safe when you 're driving , and two , it 's a little bit more personal , it 's your own voice .
You can leave a lengthy , detailed message . "
More than 158 billion text messages were sent in the USA in 2006 , says USA Today , quoting CTIA - The Wireless Association figures .
More than a trillion were sent worldwide , says an Ontario business school .
EVA says its sales have grown by more than 300 percent since December 2006 .
We cross-checked EVA services with recommendations and guidelines from the Wireless Association regarding safe use of cell phones in vehicles .
If used correctly , the EVA system passes every one .
As always , caution is advised and a driver is always advised to pull over to the side of the road if use of a mobile device is required .
But perhaps with more hands - free voice transcription services like EVA , fewer accidents text - message related accidents would occur on our roads .
© 2009 AOL , LLC .
All Rights Reserved .
All About Cellular Phones
For many buyers , a resale property may provide some key advantages , including traditional layouts , established neighborhoods and larger lots .
Depending on the state of the building , your money may go further buying a resale .
Moreover , there are opportunities to make the place your own as well as more room to negotiate a sale price .
The charm of an older house can be quite irresistible , but there are several things to look for as you house hunt .
Foundation , Foundation , Foundation
One of the biggest issues to check for with older homes is the foundation .
It is literally the foundation of the structure .
Foundation damage can compromise the safety and structural integrity of the house .
Settlement cracks are to be expected and a good home inspector can confirm that they pose no problems .
Major foundation repair on the other hand , must be addressed and repair can be quite expensive .
If you find an older house that you love , consider factoring in the cost to repair when it ’s time to negotiate .
An expert on concrete slab Tulsa OK can provide guidance on the best solution .
Old Building Materials
Houses that were built before a certain year may have been built with materials that are now banned .
Two common examples are lead paint and asbestos .
These were commonly used in properties built before the 80’s and 90’s respectively , but have since been found to be the source of serious and even deadly health conditions .
It is essential that you pay for a thorough home inspection that includes testing to confirm the presence of lead paint and asbestos , not just for safety but also for compliance .
Pest Infestations
Older buildings are often a gathering place for pests , including rats , mice and bugs .
Certain health hazards are posed or exacerbated by the presence of pests , including certain viruses , foodborne illnesses and respiratory conditions .
Termites pose a special danger in old houses that are made of wood .
Their presence may be an indication of major damage to the structure , requiring significant repairs to avoid dangerous living conditions .
An infestation of other types of insects may also be a sign of water damage which may cause mold .
When it ’s time to find a new residence , older resale properties can be quite appealing .
Often they have character with an interesting history and architecture .
These older houses can also include their fair share of issues that may require expensive repairs .
A home inspection becomes especially important for assessing the structure ’s condition and bringing serious problems to light .
Canonical , the company behind the Ubuntu Linux distribution , has collaborated with ARM to produce a complete Ubuntu port for the ARM v7 architecture .
Canonical aims to bring the Ubuntu experience to ARM - based mobile devices .
This announcement comes only one month after ARM publicly revealed plans to enter the netbook market .
The new ARM port is expected to be made available in conjunction with the official launch of Ubuntu 9.04 , codenamed Jaunty Jackalope .
Improved netbook support was one of the primary development goals leading up to the release of Ubuntu 8.10 last month , and that trend is set to continue with Jaunty , which developers say will offer better performance and faster boot time .
Canonical is clearly pushing hard to make Ubuntu a top choice for consumer netbook products .
Ubuntu is already well supported on Intel 's Atom processor , which is currently the dominant chip for an emerging class of mobile Internet devices and small form factor laptops .
Adding support for ARM will ensure that Ubuntu can reach a broader selection of devices , including upcoming ARM - based netbooks .
" This is a natural development for Ubuntu , driven by the demand from manufacturers for an ARM technology - based version , " said Canonical COO Jane Silber in a statement .
" Joining the considerable community of free software developers working on the ARM platform ensures that a fully - functional , optimized Ubuntu distribution is available to the ARM ecosystem , providing wider choice for consumers looking for the best operating system for their digital lifestyles . "
In addition to working with chip makers to ensure robust hardware support , Canonical has also hired some talented programmers and designers to build unique and visually rich user interfaces that are ideally suited for netbook devices .
The company lifted the curtain earlier this year on its Netbook Remix , which includes a customized version of the Ubuntu Mobile Edition launcher and several GNOME modifications that make the desktop environment more comfortable on small screens .
Although this is the first time that Ubuntu has been officially supported on ARM , it is predated by an unofficial ARM port that was released earlier this year by the community - driven Handhelds Mojo group .
The community port , which was sponsored by Nokia , targets ARM v5 and 6 .
In a response to Canonical 's announcement that was published on the Handhelds Mojo web site , the group welcomes the news .
" We 're delighted to note that Canonical has announced it will officially support ARM v7 with the April 2009 release of Ubuntu , " one member of the group wrote in a statement .
" I admit , I had hoped that they would also support the ARM v5/6 variations of the ARM processor , but this is a first step in the right direction . "
Ubuntu is already shipping on Dell 's Mini 9 netbook , which launched in September .
It is likely that Ubuntu will reach consumers on many more devices as Canonical continues to make significant investments in mobile hardware support .
Ranked first in the UK in both Guardian and Times University guides 2021
Research World - leading research in artificial intelligence , mathematical modelling , robotics , engineering healthcare and the environment .
What is Engineering Maths ?
Find out more about this unique combination of Engineering , Mathematics , and Computing .
Our blog Reporting on the latest mathematical models that power real - world applications .
The FDA : A gang of unindicted criminals
Violence will not solve this problem
Sources :
Congressman John Dingell 's statement :
( NaturalNews )
A group of scientists working in the FDAs Center for Devices and Radiological Health division has revolted against the corrupt managers of its own department , accusing them of committing crimes by claiming , " There is extensive documentary evidence that managers at CDRH have corrupted and interfered with the scientific review of medical devices .
" Read the letter yourself here ( PDF ) : The letter from the FDA 's own scientists goes on to say , " It is evident that managers at CDRH have deviated from FDA 's mission to identify and address underlying problems with medical devices before they cause irreparable harm , and this deviation has placed the American people at risk .
" Congressman John , Dingell , chair of the committee which received the letter , went on to charge that these FDA bureaucrats " approved or cleared medical device applications in gross violation of laws and regulations ... " ( http://energycommerce.house.gov/Press_110/11...
None of this , of course , surprises readers of NaturalNews .
Note , too , that the mainstream media has virtually ignored this story ?
You might think that a revolt of FDA scientists against their criminal bosses would be a huge story worthy of front - page treatment at USA Today or the Washington Post , right ?
Only the NY Times bothered to report this story , as far as I can tell .
( http://www.nytimes.com/2008/11/18/health/pol...
The FDA , you see , is a criminal organization engaged in tactics of intimidation , censorship and oppression that can only be properly called " terrorism . "
Do n't take my word for it , though :
The FDA 's own top scientists are now on the record saying much the same thing !
Their complaint to Congress alleges top FDA managers " ordered , intimidated and coerced FDA experts to modify their scientific reviews , conclusions and recommendations in violation of the law .
Keep in mind this is from the FDA 's own scientists !
This is n't some outsider ( like me ) ranting about the FDA being a criminal organization ; these are the words of the very people who work there !
Even the FDA director is like an evil character out of a Marvel comic .
His name is actually Dr. von Doom ... er , I mean Dr. von Eschenbach , and he has routinely ignored the multiple letters sent to him by these scientists complaining of the same criminal behavior taking place at the agency .
The FDA , of course , believes it is above the law and subject to no rules whatsoever .
It is a political organization , and a criminal one at that .
It will likely threaten these scientists just as it once threatened Dr. David Graham , and it will use every intimidation tactic at its disposal to discredit any employee who dares challenge the power and authority of the FDA .
I would n't be surprised one day to find one of these intimidated scientists showing up at work and going Columbine on a few of the top FDA officials who are the masterminds behind these crimes against humanity .
If that happens , perhaps the saying , " Going Postal " will be updated as , " Going FDA .
" Because if there 's anyone with a justified reason to be violently angry at their bosses , it 's gotta be this group of intimidated scientists who are trying to save people 's lives by making FDA approvals based on solid science .
Instead , they 're being routinely overruled by politics and Big Pharma deception , which they know will result in the loss of human life as consumers are harmed or killed by dangerous medical devices and pharmaceuticals .
How would you like to work at a company with a crime boss , knowing your boss is a white - collar criminal whose decisions are going to get people killed ?
That 's the reality these FDA scientists live with every day !
And they 're tired of it .
They 're beginning to revolt ...
Here 's a question to you :
When the FDA collapses , should the top managers be tried for their crimes , or simply hanged by their necks in the streets ?
Since I believe in non-violent solutions to such problems , I believe we should actually grant them all amnesty in exchange for their candid testimony before Congress , where they spill their guts about all the criminal acts they 've engaged in over the years .
Their testimony will be a lot more valuable to society than a bunch of bodies swinging from the rafters .
What we need here , folks , is tofrom this rogue agency , not to take revenge on its people .
Not everybody agrees with me on this .
But I repeat to everyone listening :
Do NOT engage in violent acts against the FDA , even if there is some social breakdown in the future that might give you such an opportunity .
More than 90 % of the people who work there are honest , hardworking individuals who are trying to fight the FDA 's crimes from the inside .
We need to let law and order sort out the criminals from the good guys , and then we 'll work together to demand criminal sentencing for them , which I think should include ex-FDA bureaucrats going door to door selling Girl Scout Cookies to raise money to pay back the families of all the people killed by FDA - approved drugs .
Remember :
The medical violence that the FDA now directs towards the public should NOT be met with vengeful violence on the part of activists .
It should be met with justice and wisdom for future generations .
A little compassion can help us move past this dark era of FDA dominance and into a new golden age of true healing .
But we can not get to an era of healing if our own actions are motivated by violent acts .
Violence is the tool of the weak .
That 's why the FDA uses the threat of violence to raid vitamin companies .
Healing is the tool of the strong .
If we hope to move beyond the treacherous philosophies the FDA is demonstrating today , we mustand rely on healing ( at many levels ) to move us past this dark era .
The big question right now , of course , is : When will the FDA arrests begin ?
January 21st might be a good day to get that started ... Letter from FDA scientists : Statement of Congressman John Dingell : ( Full copy included below ) Pharmalot article , the original source for this story : Washington , D.C. - Reps. John D. Dingell ( D - MI ) , Chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce , and Bart Stupak ( D - MI ) , Chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations , today launched an investigation into whether managers within the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) Center for Devices and Radiological Health ( CDRH ) knowingly corrupted the scientific review process and approved or cleared medical device applications in gross violation of laws and regulations designed to assure the safety and effectiveness of medical devices .
Such activity could allow potentially unsafe and ineffective medical devices into the U.S. market .
The investigation was prompted by receipt of an October 14 , 2008 , letter written on behalf of a large group of CDRH scientists and physicians who state that CDRH managers have corrupted and interfered with the scientific review of medical devices .
 These allegations are deeply concerning , and we intend to uncover whether any FDA activity has compromised the health and safety of America consumers ,  said Dingell .
 I commend the FDA scientists for courageously sounding the alarm on what appears to be a serious problem .
I look forward to pursuing the steps necessary to ensure that the medical devices Americans depend on are safe and effective . Our investigations have found that the FDA has allowed contaminated food and unsafe drugs to enter the market , and now serious allegations have been raised about the scientific integrity of the FDA medical device approval process ,  Stupak said .
 Although the FDA has launched its own investigation into this matter , no corrective action has been taken .
The committee intends to learn what action the FDA plans to take to ensure the integrity of the medical device approval process and prevent retaliation against the scientists who blew the whistle on these activities .
This Committee has been provided with compelling evidence to support the charges that senior managers within CDRH ordered , intimidated and coerced FDA experts to modify their scientific reviews , conclusions and recommendations in violation of the law . 
The CDRH scientists also claim that CDRH managers ordered them to make safety and effectiveness determinations that are not in accordance with scientific regulatory requirements , to use unsound evaluation methods , and accept clinical and technical data that is not scientifically valid or obtained in accordance with legal requirements , such as obtaining proper informed consent from human subjects .
Additionally , documentary evidence reviewed by this Committee indicates that CDRH scientists who raised concerns up their chain of command have experienced reprisals for their insistence on adherence to a scientific and regulatory basis for medical device review .
To protect these CDRH scientists who have risked their careers to bring their concerns to the attention of this Committee , we will not disclose their identities at this time .
Since January 2007 , the Committee on Energy and Commerce and its Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations have been investigating the ability and commitment of the Food and Drug Administration to protect Americans from unsafe food , drugs , and medical devices .
For more information about the Committees ongoing drug safety investigation visit : During this Congressional session , Committee leaders released draft legislation aimed at improving the safety of food , drugs , devices , and cosmetics .
Work in this draft bill , the  Food and Drug Administration Globalization Act , " continues .
Committee leaders plan to introduce comprehensive legislation early next session .
For more information visit : http://energycommerce.house.gov/FDAGlobalAct...
In a letter sent today to FDA Commissioner Andrew C. von Eschenbach , Dingell and Stupak requested a briefing on what actions the Commissioner has taken to date and how the Commissioner intends to resolve all issues raised by the CDRH scientists and physicians .
Guest article submitted by Lost in Arizona
These deadly insects are naturally designed to kill .
The effects of their bites range from painful to deadly for humans , and they inject their prey with lethal salivary secretions that immobilize them and ease ingestion and digestion .
These six represent some of the stranger and more interesting assassins of the insect world .
Wheel Bug ( Arilus Cristatus )
This is one of the largest terrestrial bugs in North America , growing up to about 2 inches .
Noticeable on its back is what looks like a wheel or cog .
These vicious predators prey on caterpillars and beetles , piercing their prey with a large beak and injecting enzyme fluids , paralyzing their prey , and slowly dissolving their victim ’s insides .
Being bitten by a wheel bug is excruciating , and often times the wound can take months to heel , leaving a noticeable scar .
Bee Assassin ( Apiomerus crassipes )
These little killers have hairs on their legs that allow them to catch and hold onto their prey .
While they certainly love to catch and eat bees , they are equally opportunistic when it comes to other prey .
They ambush their victims and immobilize them with toxic venomous secretions .
Spined Assassin ( Sinea Diadema )
The spined assassin bug is a darkish brown to dull reddish - brown color .
The front legs and body are covered in spines .
If hungry , the spined assassin bug will resort to cannibalism , eating surrounding siblings .
Bites are painful and can cause a burning , itching sensation , as well as swelling at the site of the bite .
African Assassin Bug ( Platymeris biguttata )
( images via : bsmith4815 , kitlkat and tlindenbaum )
A voracious hunter this insect reputedly has venom ten times deadlier than a cobra .
A California zookeeper nearly died while cleaning an enclosure full of these .
They are capable of downing prey larger than themselves and are one of the deadliest kinds of insects in the world .
Black Corsair ( Melanolestes picipes )
They will run down their prey in their hunt for food .
They ’ve been known to suck the blood of rodents , and even humans .
Disturbingly enough , they prefer to go for eyes and lips .
Masked Hunter ( Reduvius Personatus )
During its immature phases , the legs of this insect contain hairs which pick up lint and dust , making it look like an innocent little fur ball from a distance .
They readily hunt other bugs , but will easily bite humans if provoked .
Their bites are extremely painful and on par with many forms of snake bite .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A reportedly leaking , smelly package that forced an evacuation of the U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency headquarters turned out to be a harmless computer mouse , a fire department official said on Monday .
Washington , D.C. fire department spokesman Alan Etter said investigators identified the object after about 200 FEMA employees were evacuated from the headquarters building .
The fire department was called to FEMA with a report of a leaky , odorous package .
However , Etter said , upon investigating the suspicious envelope the department concluded , “ It was n’t leaking ; it did n’t smell , and it had a computer mouse in it . ”
Login to vote this up !
LOOK WHO CAME :
craineum
pedrovay2003 1
Since the rest of it wo n't be as cool , or complicated , the next article will be a complete costume .
Maybe I will have the other two done by then too .
Google ’s Gmail service has lots of fans , but it may also be the cause of a number of domain name thefts in recent weeks .
Attacker Creates a Gmail Filter
According to a proof of concept by Geek Condition , there is a security flaw in Gmail that allows an attacker to forward GoDaddy account reset information to the offending party unbeknownst by the victim .
This is done by creating a filter that forwards GoDaddy 's " change of password " mail to the attacker and deletes it from your inbox .
Such acts have been documented three times already this month .
How Your Account is Compromised
But surely in order to set up a Gmail filter and redirect your mail , the attacker needs your Gmail password ?
Not so , it would seem .
When setting up a filter for your mail , a request is sent to Google containing two key variables : a Unique Account Identifier , and a Session Authorization Key .
The Unique Account Identifier never changes , and while the author of the proof declines to explain how it is obtained , he claims the answer can be found via a web search .
Meanwhile , the Session Authorization Key is found by directing a Gmail user to a page containing a malicious script : this grabs the cookie " GMAIL_AT " which includes the Session Authorization key .
Once obtained , the required variables are entered into a hidden iframe to create a filter on your account .
And ... voila ... your password reset mails are now being sent elsewhere .
The Fix
For Gmail users , Geek Condition suggests checking your Gmail account for filters you did not create , and ( for Firefox users only ) installing the NoScript addon .
The fix for Gmail ?
They might want to make the Session Authorization Key expire after every request , rather than every session .
Image sources : PublikParking ; Geek Condition
If America is still one nation , that is because no one who might be elected to public office takes religion as seriously as its founders did
Is America still one nation under God ?
That the question is even asked today suggests a negative answer .
At other moments in America 's history , few would have bothered to ask it .
But after decades of confident secularism , which has coursed through much of American politics and culture , the question takes on serious relevance .
Imagine if the coiners of that phrase had a chance to walk around America today .
Would they see " one nation under God " ?
Not likely .
The nation of which they spoke would probably be unrecognisable to them .
What they would see instead is one nation under secularism – or at best one nation under a very secularised modern understanding of God .
The truth is that almost everything in America has been secularised , including religion itself .
This explains America 's culture of religiosity without religion : " God " talk persists but it means less and less , as Americans try and shoehorn secularist morality and philosophy into fast - eroding religious concepts .
What exactly do references to " God " mean in a culture where the lifestyles of the " religious " and the non-religious are almost indistinguishable – in a culture where politicians punctuate every speech with " God Bless America " before trotting off to vote for partial - birth abortion and gay civil unions ?
God - talk in such a culture becomes nothing more than a projection of modern fads , currents and desires – an appropriation of religion for essentially secularist purposes .
Hence liberal arguments , whether it is for abortion or gay marriage , are usually shrouded in religious garb .
But the reality is that theism , properly understood and forthrightly stated , holds little sway over the ordering of American society .
It has been dislodged , whether politicians admit it or not , by de facto agnosticism .
Man , not God , is the measure of all things .
Just look at the the assumptions underlying political discussions in America : secularism is assumed to be identical with " reason " while theism represents " mere opinion " .
Thus any politician who argues against legislation on the grounds that it violates a God - given moral law is dismissed out of hand .
America 's founding fathers would enjoy little standing in today 's debates .
They did not consider the existence of God a mere opinion or guess but a truth accessible to reason – a truth upon which they based the Declaration of Independence and Bill of Rights .
Were a politician to write such documents today , he would be rebuked for " imposing religion " on his fellow Americans .
Democratic party presidential nominee Barack Obama , who combines the rhetoric of religion with the philosophy of secularism , once lectured theists :
Democracy demands that the religiously motivated translate their concerns into universal , rather than religion - specific , values .
It requires that their proposals be subject to argument , and amenable to reason .
Leave theism behind , in other words .
America 's founding fathers would find Obama 's formulation odd : for them , values are " universal " precisely because they derive from God , whereas lowest - common - denominator secularism yields no universal values , just relativistic fragmentation .
Secularism is a very thin reed on which to hang a political society .
But that 's the new democratic experiment underway in America .
If you would like to comment on this week 's question , please go here
And , seriously -- whatever your ideology - - do n't ever be afraid to be who you are , to say what you believe to be true .
These are Wellstone 's last words on the Senate floor before he died .
Brave to the end .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Bridget Kendall
BBC
November 13 , 2008
A deep - seated global crisis is often a chance to redraw the map , reflecting shifts in the balance of power in different ways .
First , the crisis can confirm or nudge ahead trends which seem to be happening anyway – like the shift of power from Western to emerging Eastern players .
Second , it can put flesh on reforms already in the air – like plans to overhaul the international financial architecture to be discussed at this weekend ’s summit being hosted by President Bush in Washington .
And third , there are the instinctive emergency reactions , supposedly temporary , but which can end up reshaping the global chessboard for years to come – the hurried nationalisation of some Western banks , for instance , or possibly Iceland ’s desperate bailout appeal to Russia – a Nato member putting financial survival ahead of any security provisos .
Of course to draw firm conclusions at this point , with the economic crisis far from over , is a risky venture .
But some patterns merit closer examination .
First , is the balance of power in the world really shifting eastwards ?
It is a question that has been the subject of much debate recently on the discussion programme The Forum which I host for the BBC World Service .
READ ARTICLE
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Last week we had a very clear piece of advice for human campaign prop Joe " Wurzelbacher " The Plumber : get to plumbing !
All this hype he 's getting as a McCain hack is n't worth shit except free advertising for his core business of Roto - Rooting .
But Joe has failed to heed our warning , surprisingly .
He 's broke , and he's not afraid to complain about it on national television shows such as the respected Inside Edition !
Thank god those mysterious checks that appear in his mailbox regularly are at least temporarily offsetting the freeloading Obama supporters trying to take food off his family :
" I 'm not getting paid for things .
It 's starting to get hard to eat , " the now - famous Joe the Plumber tells INSIDE EDITION 's Deborah Norville .
What is this , Russia ?
On the eve of election day , Joe , a single dad , told INSIDE EDITION he 's getting by with help from friends and family , along with donations from well - wishers .
" It 's hard being on the receiving end , a little bit of pride gets in there sometimes , " admits Joe .
" So you just go to the mailbox and there 's an envelope with a check in it , written to your name ? " marvels Norville .
" Yes ma'am , " Joe says .
With the help of these unidentified checks from shadowy sources , Joe has been able to do some pro bono plumbing for his friend — an Obama supporter .
Of course , if McCain won , Joe would probably be set for life .
But he wo n't , so Joe better get back to plumbin ' .
He has the potential to dominate the Holland , Ohio drain cleaning market , if he acts now .
[ Inside Edition ]
Maybe microwave barbecued chicken and salad
We dont use a barbecue .
Big free Man Meat ! open WIDE !
Still havent had dinner !
Got into gardening .
then looking on CL .
Need to eat some good food !
Tummy is rumbling !
Like working hard .
Then it feels like a good dinner is really deserved !
Who wants to me to fuck them ?
id rather have you eat me out .
as you as you learn grammer .
do you mean .
no , graham her .
Your wife .
No , she doesnt .
why the hell do you think Im asking .
I think she wants Robert Plant circa 1969 to fuck her , but hes too prune - worthy now methinks .
who wants to teach to odysi the english .
If I didnt know English , I couldnt speak as I. do , in Angellish , Ivronics as well as Amerkkin , ( cracker ) .
Cant. causeOh yeah .
Lumberg fuckt her . your mother .
Some new pics of Play dates .
Look mom no paws .
Roo Roo .
Puppy Chewy .
Brotherly love and Gatsby .
.
Boarder X ( any new guesses ? ) .
and .
.
as always , nice pics .
Part 2 . Smoosh .
and Jonesy .
Smoosh and .
Rufus .
Blaze .
Dwight as a table .
Max .
found a mud hole .
Able .
Looks like fun .
Great set of pictures .
I love all the happy .
faces .
so rofo -esque .
sphotos .
xx. fbcdn .
/5232_49819329840_392823856_589_32879289_n .
not using double neagatives is disallowed .
not to mention a split infinitive .
Hsawaknow .
It would be presumptuous .
For us to think otherwise .
It would be Presumptuous to think .
period .
its $ 4 . 85 here wtf r u ?
that pic is getting used soooo much i keep getting linked to it on FB with all different captions .
s. akamaihd .
sh4/486390_543876_8950_392643_93648224_n. oh snap .
the eyes are different .
Whats for frugal dinner ?
My neighbors made us really hungry with their barbecue aroma and weve been doing yard Breezewood work all day .
Need to get something going soon or go beg some barbecue from them .
Maybe microwave barbecued chicken and salad We dont use a barbecue .
Big free Man Meat ! open WIDE !
Still havent had dinner !
Got into gardening .
then looking on CL .
Need to eat some good food !
Tummy is rumbling !
Like working hard .
Then it feels like a good dinner is really deserved !
Who wants to me to fuck them ?
id rather have you eat me out .
as you as you learn grammer .
do you mean .
no , graham her .
Your wife .
No , she doesnt .
why the hell do you think Im asking .
I think she wants Robert Plant circa 1969 to fuck her , but hes too prune - worthy now methinks .
who wants to teach to odysi the english .
If I didnt know English , I couldnt speak as I. do , in Angellish , Ivronics as well as Amerkkin , ( cracker ) .
Cant. causeOh yeah .
Lumberg fuckt her . your mother .
Some new pics of Play dates .
Green Acres Maddox face first in the Ice cooler .
Look mom no paws .
Roo Roo. Puppy Chewy .
Brotherly love and Gatsby .
Boarder X ( any new guesses ? ) . and . as always , nice pics .
Part 2 . Smoosh . and Jonesy .
Smoosh and .
Rufus .
Blaze .
Dwight as a table .
Max . found a mud hole .
Able .
Looks like fun .
Great set of pictures .
I love all the happy .
faces .
so rofo -esque .
sphotos .
xx. fbcdn .
/5232_49819329840_392823856_589_32879289_n .
not using double neagatives is disallowed .
not to mention a split infinitive .
Hsawaknow .
It would be presumptuous .
For us to think otherwise .
It would be Presumptuous to think .
period .
its $ 4 . 85 here wtf r u ?
that pic is getting used soooo much i keep getting linked to it on FB with all different captions .s. akamaihd .
sh4/486390_543876_8950_392643_93648224_n. oh snap .
the eyes are different .
Cartagena
AMSTERDAM ( Reuters ) - The Netherlands will ban the sale and cultivation of all hallucinogenic “ magic ” mushrooms from next week , the latest target of a country seeking to shed its “ anything goes ” image .
The Dutch government proposed the ban in April , citing the dangerous behavioral effects of magic mushrooms following the death of a French teenager who jumped from an Amsterdam bridge in 2007 after consuming the hallucinogenic fungus .
“ The use of magic mushrooms has hallucinogenic effects .
It is proven that this can lead to unpredictable and therefore risky behavior , ” the Dutch Health Ministry said in a statement .
A challenge to the ban was rejected by a court in the Hague on Friday .
From December 1 the production or sale of fresh magic mushrooms could lead to a maximum jail sentence of four years , a spokesman for the Dutch Justice Ministry said on Friday .
“ We are targeting the growers and the shops who are selling the mushrooms , ” the spokesman said .
The active ingredient in magic mushrooms is psilocybin .
Effects last up to about six hours and can include nausea , vomiting , muscle weakness and drowsiness in the early stages after consumption .
The psychological consequences of psilocybin use include hallucinations and an inability to discern fantasy from reality .
Panic reactions and psychosis also may occur , particularly if a user ingests a large dose , according to the U.S. Justice Dept ’s National Drug Intelligence Center .
Some proponents of magic mushrooms say that their use aids in spiritual awareness , gaining personal insight and meditation .
Selling dried magic mushrooms is already illegal in the Netherlands and carries a maximum jail sentence of eight years , the justice ministry spokesman said , but from next week a new ban will apply to fresh mushrooms which have been previously sold in so - called “ smart shops . ”
Staff in the stores , which stock mushrooms or “ paddos ” ranging from Thai to Hawaiian varieties for about 15 euros ( about $ 20 ) a pack , said the ban will put users at greater risk .
“ People will just go picking in the forest , and that can be dangerous .
Or they will go to street dealers , and get mixed up with hard drugs , ” said David Henriks from the Tatanka shop .
Posters in shops outlined the effects of different types of mushrooms , such as strong visual experiences or feelings described as “ body highs . ”
They also suggested dos and don’ts of consumption , and rated the mushrooms for their intensity .
“ It ’s always safer to have the information before taking drugs , ” said Roy Williams of the Innerspace shop , adding that in the past few weeks people had increasingly been buying “ grow your own ” mushroom kits in the lead - up to the ban .
The Dutch association of smart shops ( VLOS ) had tried to reassure authorities by promising tighter self - regulation and noted that most mushroom - related incidents involved young tourists mixing mushrooms with alcohol and cannabis .
On Friday the VLOS said it was highly disappointed with the court ’s decision to reject the challenge to the ban .
“ Under this government we have had a whole series of bans , and people have had enough of this , ” said Paul van Oyen from the VLOS , adding that he would advise the board of the association to launch an appeal .
He said some of the 180 or so smart shops in the Netherlands would likely have to close because of falling turnover , and he expected to see a huge discount sale over the weekend as shops tried to get rid of supplies .
Figures from the Amsterdam emergency services show there were 55 call - outs for mushroom - related incidents in 2004 , a figure which had more than doubled by 2006 to 128 , with the majority of youngsters involved coming from Britain .
In recent years the Netherlands has dropped some previously tolerant policies and has tightened laws on drug use and prostitution .
Several brothels and sex clubs were shut down in 2008 , city councils are planning to close marijuana - selling coffee shops near schools , while tobacco smoking and alcohol consumption in coffee shops have also been forbidden .
VATICAN CITY , Nov. 29 ( UPI ) --
The Catholic Church of England and Wales warned Roman Catholic priests against using language in their parishes that might offend gay and lesbian worshipers .
Priests have been told by their bishops not to assume that every parishioner is heterosexual , The Daily Mail reported Saturday .
Advertisement
" Remember that homophobic jokes and asides can be cruel and hurtful -- a careless word can mean another experience of rejection and pain , " bishops said in a memo about how priests can be more welcoming to gays .
The advice to be more tolerant of homosexuality appears to be in conflict with Pope Benedict XVI 's opposition to gay marriage .
But English gay rights activist Peter Tatchell said the leaflet represents a " positive initiative " that could help gay Catholics and their families , the newspaper reported .
" It 's sympathetic , understanding message is a big improvement on the past homophobia of some Catholic pronouncements on homosexuality , " he said .
TOKYO ( Reuters ) -
The main ship in Japan 's whaling fleet set out for the Antarctic on Monday for its first hunt in the region since limping home with just over half its planned catch in April following clashes with militant anti-whaling activists , environmentalist group Greenpeace said .
The Nisshin Maru set out from Innoshima in western Japan , Greenpeace said , part of a plan to take about 850 minke whales and 50 fin whales .
Last year six ships took part in the hunt .
The vessel 's movements will be followed by a ship belonging to Sea Shepherd , an anti-whaling group that skirmished repeatedly with the fleet at sea last year in an attempt to halt the hunt .
Earlier on Monday , Australia urged Japan to abandon its yearly hunt , launching its own scientific whaling study in the Southern Ocean to prove it was not necessary to kill the ocean mammals to study them .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
" Modern - day research uses genetic and molecular techniques as well as satellite tags , acoustic methods and aerial surveys rather than grenade - tipped harpoons , " Australian Environment Minister Peter Garrett told reporters in Canberra .
" Australia does not believe that we need to kill whales to understand them , " Garrett said .
A Japanese Fisheries Agency official last week denied a newspaper report that Tokyo would cut by 20 percent the number of whales it planned to hunt due to anti-whaling protests .
But the official said that a moratorium on catching humpback whales would stay in place .
" Waved off only by the crew 's families and whaling officials , the factory ship Nisshin Maru left Innoshima with no fanfare , " Greenpeace said in a statement .
" Constant pressure on Japan 's whaling industry by both Greenpeace and the international community has reduced the fleet to sneaking out of port in a fog of crisis and scandal , desperate to avoid attention , " the statement quoted Sara Holden , Greenpeace International Whales Coordinator , as saying .
Japanese whaling officials declined to confirm the ship 's departure , citing safety considerations , but a worker at a local hotel said about 10 people connected with the the Institute of Cetacean Research and whalers ' families had stayed overnight .
DIPLOMATIC COMPLAINTS
Last season 's row over whaling threatened to escalate when two of the group 's members boarded a Japanese whaling ship without permission and were temporarily held by its crew .
The incident led to a string of diplomatic complaints between Japan and Australia , which has been a vocal critic of the whaling programme .
Canberra last year sent a customs and fisheries icebreaker to shadow anti-whaling activists and the Japanese fleet , gathering photo evidence of the yearly research hunt for a possible international legal case against Tokyo .
Australia 's Garrett said on Monday a legal case was still under consideration , but no decision yet had been made on whether to send another patrol boat south this Antarctic summer .
Japan 's Fisheries Agency blamed Sea Shepherd and a dearth of whale sightings for their catch of only 551 minke whales , compared with a target of 850 minkes and 50 fin whales last season .
A plan to target humpback whales for the first time was dropped last year after protests from the United States .
Environmental group Greenpeace has said it will break with its tradition of sending a ship to follow the whalers this season , concentrating instead on a court case involving two of its activists in Japan , who are accused of stealing whalemeat .
The group says it took the meat to expose what it says are corrupt practices in the whaling industry .
Japan , which considers whaling a cultural tradition , abandoned commercial whaling after agreeing to an international whaling moratorium in 1986 , but began what it calls a scientific research whaling programme the following year .
Critics say much of the meat ends up on dinner tables .
( Additional reporting by Rob Taylor in Canberra , Isabel Reynolds in Tokyo ; Editing by Hugh Lawson )
Technology Review turns the spotlight on the open source hardware movement .
Open source hardware is hardly a new concept , but lately it ’s been getting a lot more attention , with the help of magazines like MAKE and websites like Instructables .
Chumby , a company that sells a modifiable cube with a screen , embedded computer , and a Wi-Fi connection , designed their product to be easily hackable .
The openness of the product caused a community heavily invested in the product ’s development to be created .
The growth of such communities has also sparked interest from corporations such as Nokia , which is collaborating with MIT on open source video decoders .
They recognized that opening up would cause development time to be reduced and provide greater flexibility , allowing them to allocate resources to other areas , including marketing and brand development .
[ Jamey Hicks ] , director of the Nokia Research Center in Cambridge , believes that the open source movement can even complement closed designs , as long as it ’s handled appropriately .
With greater access to sophisticated software tools and resources , the barriers to entry keep falling away , and it ’s much easier for the world to discover the joys of tinkering and hacking .
[ photo : Andreas Pizsa ]
“ Hollywood used to fume when fans uploaded video clips to the Internet to share with their friends , ” said Jessica Guynn in the Los Angeles Times online .
“ Now it 's looking to cash in on them . ”
MTV
Networks is teaming up with MySpace and technology company Auditude to sell ads alongside clips of MTV shows uploaded , with or without permission , by MySpace users .
So MTV wants to “ place ads alongside the content that is being infringed ” upon ?
asked Mathew Ingram in the Globe and Mail online .
“ That 's almost like legalizing prostitution or marijuana ” and then “ taxing it to generate revenue . ”
It ’s also “ a little ironic , ” seeing as MTV ’s parent company , “ Viacom , is still suing Google for $ 1 - billion in a long - running copyright infringement case . ”
It was only a matter of time before media companies started “ reclaiming pirated content , ” said Murad Ahmed in the Times Online .
“ You Tube already employs a content identification tool that gives content owners the choice of removing infringing material or applying an ” ad — and YouTube claims “ that copyright owners chose to add advertising rather than block pirate videos 90 per cent of the time . ”
Now a pair of obscure filmmakers say they created Martin Eisenstadt to help them pitch a TV show based on the character .
But under the circumstances , why should anyone believe a word they say ?
“ That ’s a really good question , ” one of the two , Eitan Gorlin , said with a laugh .
( For what it ’s worth , another reporter for The New York Times is an acquaintance of Mr. Gorlin and vouches for his identity , and Mr. Gorlin is indeed “ Mr. Eisenstadt ” in those videos .
He and his partner in deception , Dan Mirvish , have entries on the Internet Movie Database , imdb.com .
But still . ...)
The pranksters behind Eisenstadt acknowledge that he was not , through them , the anonymous source of the Palin leak .
He just claimed falsely that he was the leaker -- and they say they have no reason to cast doubt on the original story .
For its part , Fox News Channel continues to stand behind its story .
Mr. Gorlin and Mr. Mirvish say the blame lies not with them but with shoddiness in the traditional news media and especially the blogosphere .
“ With the 24 - hour news cycle they rush into anything they can find , ” said Mr. Mirvish , 40 .
Mr. Gorlin , 39 , argued that Eisenstadt was no more of a joke than half the bloggers or political commentators on the Internet or television .
A PRESTIGIOUS co-educational school in Kew has won the right to refuse extra boys for three years so they do not " swamp " girls in some classes .
Preshil , the Margaret Lyttle Memorial School , was granted an Equal Opportunity Act exemption in 2005 so it could maintain an equal ratio of boy and girl students .
The Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal this week extended the exemption until 2011 after hearing there was double the number of boys in some year levels .
" There is possible discrimination here , but there is a significant public interest in granting the exemption , " tribunal deputy president Cate McKenzie said .
" It prevents girls at the school being swamped in those classes where boys are in very great numbers , and so tries to ensure the boys and girls in all classes receive the same co-educational experience . "
MUSIC NEWS -
The hip hop legends , The Beastie Boys have " booked " Sheryl Crow , Norah Jones , Jack Johnson and Ben Harper for a Get Out and Vote tour , beginning October 28 in Richmond , VA .
Shows are also booked for St. Paul , MN on November 1 , and November 2 in Milwaukee , WI in advance of the USA election day on November 4th .
" This election is too important to stay at home , " the rap trio said this morning ( Oct. 10 ) , adding that they are endorsing Barack Obama for president .
" We hope that you can come out , have a nice night , dance , sing , get your freak on , and then wake up the next morning and get everyone that you possibly can to get out and vote . "
Crow , Jones , Johnson and Santogold are on the bill for the Richmond show , while Harper and Tenacious D will support in St. Paul .
Harper , Tenacious D and David Crosby and Graham Nash will join the Beasties in Milwaukee .
UPDATE - 10/14/08 -
Three additional shows have been added to the tour .
The tour will now begin on October 27 in Charlotte , N.C. , with Sheryl Crow and Santogold on the bill .
Crow , Ben Harper and Norah Jones are on for October 29 in Youngstown , Ohio , while Crow and Harper will play Oct. 30 in Dayton , Ohio .
Update 10/24/08 -
The Beastie Boys are also at work on the follow - up to the 2007 instrumental album " The Mix - Up " .
" We 're actually in the middle of recording it right now , " group member Adam " Ad- Rock " Horovitz told Billboard Mag .
" We hope to have it out sometime next year .
It 's a lot of vocals , a lot of words -- very wordy .
And it 's political , depending on what you call political .
You know , if toilet talk and fart jokes are political , which they can be , in that sense yeah , very . "
MNN can't wait !
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Barack Obama ’s first television interview as president - elect was a ratings hit for CBS news program “ 60 Minutes , ” drawing its highest viewership since 1999 , the U.S. network said on Monday .
The interview was seen by 24.5 million viewers , according to preliminary estimates from Nielsen Media Research .
Final audience numbers will be released on Tuesday .
“ 60 Minutes ” correspondent Steve Kroft interviewed Obama , asking his views on a wide range of subjects from the current economic crisis to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and the possibility of a U.S. college football playoff system .
The future first lady , Michelle Obama , joined her husband later on in the interview .
Obama last week gave his first post-election interview to Ebony , one of the oldest black - owned magazines in the United States .
Ebony will publish the interview in its January issue .
This rad photo was taken by Demode on Flickr ( it ’s under the Antwerp album ) .
Needless to say , it does not make me want to wear a corset .
[ via FFFFound ! ]
We learned in introductory biology classes that mitochondria are the power plants of cells .
A simple concept like this can be easily taken for granted , but chemists like Saint Louis University professor Shelley Minteer see creative applications .
She proposed that mitochondria can be incorporated into a biofuel cell to make devices such as self - powered sensors for explosives .
Depictions of mitochondria .
Minteer and her colleagues immobilized intact mitochondria on carbon anodes .
Cellular mitochondria are capable of oxidizing " fuels " such as pyruvate to produce energy , so the mitochondria on the anode should catalyze this reaction when pyruvate is present in the biofuel cell solution .
The oxidation leads to a transfer of electrons to the electrode , producing power to turn on the sensor , leading to a positive signal .
Since pyruvate is in the fuel cell solution , one would expect a positive signal all the time .
However , mitochondria naturally have many inhibitors that prevent them from processing biofuels .
Oligomycin is one such inhibitor that shuts down power production — conveniently , nitroaromatics , common explosive materials , reverse this inhibition .
Thus , by adding the inhibitor to a biofuel cell , a sensor is created , as significant power production will only occur when enough explosive chemicals are present to release the inhibition .
Minteer 's sensor was able to detect explosives present in concentrations as low as one picomolar .
In the presence of nitroaromatics , the sensor showed a 40 - fold increase in power density compared to the inhibited state .
The signal for the presence of explosives is no different if the concentration is 1 picomolar or 1 millimolar , so it only works as a threshold sensor , providing just a on or off signal .
Minteer hopes that further engineering will allow concentration - specific detection , as well .
Minteer 's research team successfully demonstrated that the unique properties of mitochondria have applications far outside of biology .
She predicts that a mitochondria - catalyzed biofuel cell can " be used as a traditional electrochemical sensor or in the self - powered sensor design . "
J. Am. Chem . Soc. , 2008 .
DOI : 10.1021/ ja807250b
MattusMaximus Intellectual Gladiator
Join Date : Jan 2006 Posts : 15,948
While I 'm glad to see it , unfortunately I do n't think it will change much .
$ 5 million is chump change for Trudeau , and he 'll likely get some kind of surrogates to do the infomercial crapola for him .
So I fully expect him to keep on keepin ' on in the pseudoscientific sCAM business .
What we really need to do with douchebags like Trudeau is throw their lying asses in jail .
That could work ; it 's kind of hard to run a business when you 're in the slammer .
ETA : I strongly suspect that Trudeau is already on to the next phase of his sCAM work .
For many months I 've been hearing radio ads by some guy ( not Trudeau ) who claims that Trudeau 's Natural Cures is the best thing since sliced bread .
" I was so impressed that I bought 1 million copies of the book , and I want to share them with you .
Just call 1 -800 ... "
I think , though I have no evidence at this time , that it is very likely that Trudeau is in cahoots with this radio guy , who is acting as a surrogate for him .
I think we can also expect to start hearing surrogate ads about how this is the book that the government does n't want you to read , references to this decision by the FTC will be made , the Big Pharma / Government conspiracy - mongering will be pushed , etc .
Trudeau is n't going anywhere - there is more skullduggery to come .
Count on it .
Some conservatives have been blasting Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , as well as the Community Reinvestment Act , as the source of the mortgage crisis and subsequent financial meltdown .
On Tuesday , October 7 , Daniel Gross wrote a commentary on Slate titled Subprime Suspects in which he names ( with quotations so they ca n’t claim otherwise ) some of the people responsible for this : John McCain , Charles Krouthammer of the Washington Post , and Neil Cavuto of Fox Business .
Gross ’ proposition in his Slate piece is that , when Cavuto says “ Loaning to minorities and risky folks is a disaster . ” , Cavuto is blaming the poor and brown among us for the financial meltdown .
And if that ’s not racism , Gross does n’t know what else it is .
Unfortunately , the general tone of Gross ’ commentary is a bit too confrontational in order to convince most non-liberals that he ’s right ( even though , if you can get past the tone , he clearly is ) .
That ’s where a new piece ( Private sector loans , not Fannie or Freddie , triggered crisis ) out of McClatchy comes in .
Federal Reserve Board data show that :
More than 84 percent of the subprime mortgages in 2006 were issued by private lending institutions .
Private firms made nearly 83 percent of the subprime loans to low - and moderate - income borrowers that year .
Only one of the top 25 subprime lenders in 2006 was directly subject to the housing law that ’s being lambasted by conservative critics .
That law would be the aforementioned Community Reinvestment Act ( CRA ) .
Furthermore , the article goes on to show that , while Fannie and Freddie were a small part of the problem , the mortgage failure actually happened as Fannie and Freddie were reducing their holdings of subprime mortgages by a factor of 2 , from 48 % to 24 % between 2004 and 2006 .
In fact , in 2005 and 2006 , private investment banks stopped using Fannie and Freddie for 2/3rds of all the mortgages they initiated , preferring instead to package them into questionable mortgage - backed securities .
And now about 70 % of all mortgages are in this secondary , non-Fannie or Freddie market .
Furthermore , the article shows that not only were Fannie and Freddie not pressuring banks , they were prevented from their regulator , the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight ( part of the Executive Branch ) , from effectively competing against the private securities .
As far as conservative attacks on the CRA , those hold even less water than the attacks on Fannie and Freddie .
The article points out that private investment banks , non-bank lenders , and the mortgage brokers who originated the subprime loans are n’t subject to the CRA rules – only commercial and thrift banks are .
Instead , state regulators were responsible for monitoring mortgage brokers and , in states with extremely lax regulation like Colorado , huge numbers of subprime loans were originated .
And two members of the Federal Reserve have found that CRA loans were very responsible loans that commercial banks made money off of , not lost money .
Daniel Gross calls the conservative attack on Fannie , Freddie , and the CRA racist and wrong .
McClatchy calls the charges lies .
While the McClatchy approach will probably win more converts , it ’s clear that bigots like Rush Limbaugh are using racist language in an attempt to win political points .
Real conservatives who do n’t want to become extraneous should step forward and call for a stop to the lies and race baiting .
Mozilla Foundation chairperson Mitchell Baker has published Mozilla 's financial statements for 2007 .
The organization and its corporate subsidiaries amassed $ 75 million in revenue , which is 12 percent more than the previous year .
Baker believes that Mozilla 's efforts will not be significantly disrupted by the current economic downturn .
Mozilla is a mission - oriented non-profit organization that aims to encourage the advancement of a standards - based open web .
The central pillar of that mission is the open source Firefox web browser , which provides users with an alternative to Microsoft 's dominant Internet Explorer .
Firefox market share is growing rapidly and has helped accelerate the adoption of emerging web standards .
The organizations ' revenue primarily comes from a lucrative search agreement with Google , which has been extended until 2011 .
Other sources of revenue include the revamped Mozilla store , affiliate programs , and interest on investments .
The nature of Mozilla 's agreement with Google has attracted the scrutiny of the IRS which is evaluating the organization 's non-profit status .
Mozilla uses its resources to cover the cost of its staff and infrastructure .
Total expenses for 2007 were $ 33 million , a 68 percent increase from 2006 .
Mozilla also shares some of its resources with external organizations ; it handed out over $ 1 million in grants and donations in 2007 , which is three times more than they donated in 2006 .
The recipients this year include the GNOME project , Creative Commons , Oregon State University , and Seneca College .
Mozilla expanded in many exciting ways during 2007 .
The number of daily Firefox users nearly doubled and the organization launched a new mobile initiative intended to bring the browser to a completely new market .
Baker also noted that the project 's geographic reach has increased — nearly half of all Firefox users run the browser in a language other than English .
We have also seen Europe embrace Firefox in record numbers .
Growth in other countries is enabled by the efforts of community contributors , whose contributions were highlighted .
" Our community remains healthy and vibrant .
The percentage of code contributed to Firefox by people not employed by Mozilla remained steady at about 40 % of the product we ship , " Baker wrote .
" This is true despite a significant amount of new employees in 2007 .
Our geographic expansion is powered by active and committed volunteers , from the localizers to Spread Firefox participants to others who introduce Firefox to new people . "
Mozilla 's Christopher Blizzard , commenting on Baker 's report , notes that the inclusiveness of the Mozilla project and the growing diversity of the web ecosystem are both signs that Mozilla is in a very healthy state .
He believes that renewed competition and the emergence of compelling new browsers help serve Mozilla 's ultimate goals .
" We use the funds that we gather to grow both the user base ( which helps us drive our mission ) but also to enable and grow a community that also shares the same values that we do , " he wrote in a blog entry .
" Much of that effect can be felt in direct market share numbers — people directly using Firefox .
But Mitchell 's post also mentions something else as well .
That releases by other market players who have to compete with us also help us meet our mission in keeping the Internet alive and vibrant . "
Indeed , the benefits of competition are enormous .
Users have watched in awe as the major browser vendors race to reduce memory consumption , boost JavaScript performance , and reach even higher levels of standards compliance .
Read how BC is training students to think like scientists and using the latest research in brain development to shape math instruction .
Since it ’s impractical to study lifespan as an endpoint in CR trials , we need biomarkers of aging so that we can measure the progress of aging in real time and thereby assess the efficacy of the treatment .
To this end , Allard et al. collected serum from participants enrolled in one of two dietary restriction studies : FEAST ( alternate - day fasting , ADF ) or CALERIE ( CR and CREX ) , and used this serum to culture human hepatoma ( HepG2 ) cells .
This technique was first described by the de Cabo lab in 2003 as a useful in vitro technique for assessing the phenotypic effects of a CR diet in rats and Rhesus monkeys .
The researchers selected HepG2 cells for this work because these cells express many of target genes of interest , and to facilitate interspecies comparison ( their original paper used rat serum on the rat hepatoma cell line Fao ) .
These prior studies in animals suggested that many components of serum ( insulin , glucose , IGF - 1 , and fatty acids ) could modulate gene expression pathways involved in longevity .
This is the first study using human serum in a cell culture system .
In vitro cellular adaptations of indicators of longevity in response to treatment with serum collected from humans on calorie restricted diets .
Two pilot studies were undertaken to examine the effects of ADF and CR on indicators of health and longevity in humans .
In this study , we used sera collected from those studies to culture human hepatoma cells and assessed the effects on growth , stress resistance and gene expression .
Cells cultured in serum collected at the end of the dieting period were compared to cells cultured in serum collected at baseline ( before the dieting period ) .
Cells cultured in serum from ADF participants , showed a 20 % increase in Sirt1 protein which correlated with reduced triglyceride levels .
ADF serum also induced a 9 % decrease in proliferation and a 25 % increase in heat resistance .
Cells cultured in serum from CR participants induced an increase in Sirt1 protein levels by 17 % and a 30 % increase in PGC - 1α mRNA levels .
This study adds support to Sirt1 as a biomarker for longevity , and found that expression of PGC - 1α is variable between intervention diets .
I was concerned by the lack of phenotypic benefits in cells treated with CR sera , as compared to cells treated with ADF sera :
The CR - treated cells exhibited no increase in heat - shock resistance , no decrease in cell proliferation , and no correlation of Sirt1 expression to reduced triglyceride levels .
In interpreting this finding , the authors suggest that the increased effects seen in the ADF participant serum could be due to the “ short , regular intervals of complete caloric deprivation , ” which might provide a more potent serum profile capable of producing the observed in vitro changes .
Indeed , in studies of rodents , the ADF stress response phenotype can exceed the effects seen in rodents following a CR diet .
Understanding serum differences between an ADF regimen and CR could elucidate the critical factors in this protective phenotype .
Alternatively , I think that these data could be a result of the cell type used in this assay ( a tumor line ) ; it would be interesting to see this experiment repeated on primary cells or a non-cancerous transformed cell line .
While these potentially exciting preliminary results shed some positive light on ADF , is this a realistic intervention for human longevity ?
So far , there have only been short ( 3 wks ) studies in humans and none of the published data address participant satisfaction .
If people think vegan and CR diets are difficult to maintain - this may be the least popular diet yet .
We 're familiar with drug testing for athletes , but officials at the Beijing Olympics will be taking things one stage further and examining competitors whose sex is in doubt .
And it is far from being a new problem , as Emine Saner discovers
For more than a year , officials in Beijing have been designing a special laboratory to determine the sex of any athletes taking part in this year 's Olympic games .
" Suspected athletes will be evaluated from their external appearances by experts and undergo blood tests to examine their sex hormones , genes and chromosomes for sex determination , " says Professor Tian Qinjie .
The tests will not be conducted on every female athlete , but will be required if serious doubts have been raised about an individual competitor - invariably one competing in the women 's events .
" The aim is to protect fairness at the games while also protecting the rights of people with abnormal sexual development , " he says .
The International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) introduced sex testing in 1968 at the Olympic games in Mexico City , after the masculine appearance of some competitors , many pumped up by anabolic steroids , had started to raise questions about the gender of athletes in female events .
Unsurprisingly , gender - determination tests were seen as degrading , with female competitors having to submit to humiliating and invasive physical examinations by a series of doctors .
Later , the IOC decided to use a supposedly more sophisticated genetic test , based on chromosomes .
Women usually have two X chromosomes ; men an X and a Y chromosome .
So , according to the rules of the test , only those athletes with two X chromosomes could be classed as women .
However , many geneticists criticised the tests , saying that sex is not as simple as X and Y chromosomes and is not always simple to ascertain .
It is thought that around one in 1,000 babies are born with an " intersex " condition , the general term for people with chromosomal abnormalities .
It may be physically obvious from birth - babies may have ambiguous reproductive organs , for instance - or it may remain unknown to people all their lives .
At the Atlanta games in 1996 , eight female athletes failed sex tests but were all cleared on appeal ; seven were found to have an " intersex " condition .
As a result , by the time of the Sydney games in 2000 , the IOC had abolished universal sex testing but , as will happen in Beijing , some women still had to prove they really were women .
Transsexuals , who have had a sex change from male to female , can compete in women 's events in the Olympics , as long they wait two years after the operation .
The following are some of the more famous instances when female athletes were caught in the gender trap .
Santhi Soundarajan
One of the most tragic recent cases is yet to reach a conclusion .
Soundarajan , a 27 - year - old Indian athlete , has had to endure public humiliation after she was stripped of her silver medal for the 800 m at the Asian games in 2006 .
Soundarajan , who has lived her entire life as a woman , failed a gender test , which usually includes examinations by a gynaecologist , endocrinologist , psychologist and a genetic expert .
The precise results of the test have not been made public , but it has been reported that the likely cause is a condition called Androgen insensitivity syndrome , where a person has the physical characteristics of a woman but whose genetic make - up includes a male chromosome .
The Canadian cyclist Kristen Worley , who has undergone sex reassignment surgery , is one of a number of people who are calling for Soundarajan 's medal to be reinstated .
" It should never have been handled in such a gross manner , amounting to public humiliation because of their ignorance of her condition , " Worley has said .
" The Olympic movement has been dealing with intersex people since the 1930s .
You'd think they would have got the hang of it by now . "
The humiliation and prospect that her career may be over has taken its toll on Soundarajan .
In September , Indian newspapers reported that she had survived a suicide attempt .
Edinanci Silva
Born with both male and female sex organs , the Brazilian judo player had surgery in the mid-90s so that she could live and compete as a woman .
According to the IOC , this made her eligible to participate in the games and she competed in Atlanta 1996 , Sydney 2000 and Athens in 2004 .
In Sydney , she beat the Australian judoka Natalie Jenkins , who raised the issue of Silva 's gender in a press conference , constantly referring to her as " he " .
" I have never fought that one before .
My plan was not to grip with her , she 's - he's - very strong , " she said .
Silva gave a mouth swab to officials , which proved she was female .
Dora Ratjen
In the 1936 Olympic games in Berlin , Adolf Hitler wanted to show the world the supremacy of the Aryan race - and he needed German athletes to win .
Ratjen , notable for her deep voice and her refusal to share the shower room with the other female athletes , was Germany 's entry for the women 's high jump .
She came fourth .
Britain 's competitor , Dorothy Tyler , who won a silver medal , remembers her .
" I had competed against Dora and I knew she was a man , " she says .
" You could tell by the voice and the build .
But ' she ' was far from the only athlete .
You could tell because they would always go into the toilet to get changed .
We 'd go and stand on the seat of the next - door cubicle or look under the door to see if we could catch them . "
Tyler held the world record for the high jump , but when officials wrote to her telling her that Ratjen had broken it , she wrote back .
" I said : ' She 's not a woman , she 's a man , ' " she says .
" They did some research and found ' her ' serving as a waiter called Hermann , so I got my world record back again . "
Dora , who had been born Hermann Ratjen , had in fact been a member of the Hitler Youth and said that the Nazis had forced him to enter as a woman .
Stella Walsh
At one point , Walsh , a Polish - American sprinter , was the fastest woman in the world .
Born Stanislawa Walasiewicz in Poland in 1911 , she grew up in the United States , although she represented her country of birth at the 1932 and 1936 Olympics , winning gold and silver medals respectively for the 100 m sprint .
During her long career , she set more than 100 national and world records and was inducted into the American Track and Field Hall of Fame in 1975 .
She lived her entire life as a woman , and even had a short - lived marriage to an American man .
In 1980 , Walsh was killed by mistake during an armed robbery at a shopping mall in Cleveland , Ohio .
The postmortem revealed she had male genitalia , although this did not prove that she was a man as she was also found to have both male and female chromosomes , a genetic condition known as mosaicism .
Heidi Krieger
It is believed that as many as 10,000 East German athletes were caught up in a nightmarish state - sponsored attempt to build a race of superhuman communist sports heroes and force - fed cocktails of steroids and other performance - enhancing drugs .
One of them was Heidi Krieger , a shot putter .
When she was 16 , her coach put her on steroids and contraceptive pills and she gained weight , built muscle and started to develop body hair .
By 1986 , aged 20 , she was European champion .
Her overdeveloped physique had put a huge amount of pressure on her frame , causing medical problems , while the drugs had caused mood swings , depression and resulted in at least one suicide attempt .
By the mid-90s , Krieger underwent gender reassignment surgery and changed her name to Andreas .
She had already been confused about her gender , but felt that the drugs had pushed her over the edge .
" I did n't have control , " Krieger told the New York Times four years ago .
" I could n't find out for myself which sex I wanted to be . "
At the trial in 2000 of Manfred Ewald , the East German sports official and architect of the doping regime , Krieger said " They just used me like a machine " .
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - German police searching nationwide for a convicted drug dealer who escaped from jail by hiding in a cardboard box to be taken away for recycling plan to issue an international arrest warrant for him .
A Viersen police spokesman said the 37 - year - old Turkish national , whose seven - year prison sentence for drug dealing runs to 2011 , had escaped from the Willich prison by hiding in a cardboard box about to be picked up by a recycling truck .
“ Shortly after the truck that he riding in got beyond prison walls , he slit open the box and then cut open the truck ’s tarpaulin to escape , ” said Wolfgang Wiese , Viersen police spokesman .
“ I ’ve never seen anything like this . ”
Police have been searching in vain for the fugitive since last week , he said .
An international search warrant is being prepared in the event he is not found soon , he added .
THE world 's international financial institutions will be reshaped and worldwide regulatory and accounting rules reformed as a result of the G20 meeting .
The global leaders ' 11 - page statement spoke of broad principles , leaving the details to be worked out by aides before another summit meeting in April , after Barack Obama assumes the US presidency .
But the gathering in Washington of nations from every region reflected the new balance of power emerging in the aftermath of a financial crisis that has devastated even well - run economies , a wrenching process that British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has dubbed " the birth pangs of this new global order " .
Under the plans outlined by the leaders , countries such as China , Brazil and India will gain greater roles and responsibilities in a restructuring of the international financial system , while European leaders won a commitment to new regulations and controls on banks , rating agencies and exotic financial securities .
The leaders also agreed that a dramatic failure of market checks in " some advanced countries " was among the root causes of the financial crisis , an implicit rebuke of the US .
In early September , the Pentagon closed its investigation into allegations that U.S. bombs killed 92 Afghan civilians , including as many as 60 children , as they slept peacefully in the village of Nawabad on the night of August 21st .
Despite protests from the UN , human rights organizations and the villagers themselves , Pentagon officials insisted for weeks that only seven civilians had been killed , along with 35 Taliban fighters , during a legitimate military operation aimed at capturing Taliban commander Mullah Sadiq .
Indeed , they claimed that the attack , which included bombardment with a C130 Specter gunship , was a necessary response to heavy fire emanating from a meeting of Taliban leaders in the village .
In its defense , the Pentagon cited evidence from an embedded Fox News correspondent who had substantiated its claims .
Unfortunately , that correspondent turned out to be Veteran Marine Corps Lieutenant Oliver North , who has been known to bend the truth in the past .
North ’s military career was cut short after his role was revealed in the Iran - contra scandal in the 1980s .
At the time , North admitted to having illegally channeled guns to Iran while funneling the profits to the CIA - backed contra mercenary force fighting to overthrow Nicaragua ’s democratically elected Sandinista government–and then lying to congress about it .
In recent years , North has nevertheless cultivated a lucrative broadcasting career at Fox .
Although North assured
Fox viewers , “ Coalition forces have not been able to find any evidence that non-combatants were killed in this engagement , ” video footage taken on the scene by a local doctor showed scores of dead bodies and destroyed homes , documenting a civilian death toll at Nawabad that is the largest since the U.S. began bombing Afghanistan nearly seven years ago .
Thus , the U.S. military was forced to reopen its own investigation on September 8th , only days after it had exonerated itself .
A red -faced official told reporters that “ emerging evidence ” had convinced the Pentagon to investigate the matter further .
On that same day , Human Rights Watch issued a report that U.S. and NATO forces dropped 362 tons of bombs over Afghanistan during the first seven months of this year ; bombings during June and July alone equaled the total during all of 2006 .
The rising civilian death toll in Afghanistan rattled even the normally placid New York Times , which argued , “ America is fast losing the battle for hearts and minds , and unless the Pentagon comes up with a better strategy , the United States and its allies may well lose the war . ”
As news of the Nawabad massacre unfolded , another atrocity was also gaining media attention , further exposing the gangster state installed and maintained by U.S. forces to run Afghanistan since 2001 .
President Hamid Karzai , the U.S. - hand picked puppet , reportedly pardoned two men convicted of brutally raping a woman in the northern province of Samangan in September 2005 .
At the time , Mawlawi Islam , the commander of a local militia , was running for a seat in Afghanistan ’s first parliamentary elections .
“ The commander and three of his fighters came and took my wife out of our home and took her to their house about 200 meters away and , in front of these witnesses , raped her , ” the woman ’s husband told the Independent .
The couple has a doctor ’s report that the rapists cut her private parts with a bayonet during the rape , and then forced her to stagger home without clothes from the waist down .
Mawlawi won a seat in parliament in September 2005 , as the U.S. media celebrated the elections as proof that democracy was flourishing in Afghanistan thanks to U.S. occupation .
But Mawlawi was assassinated , mafia - style in January of this year .
His past had caught up with him .
Mawlawi had first fought as a mujahedeen commander in the 1980s but switched sides to become a Taliban governor in the 1990s .
He switched sides yet again when the U.S. invaded Afghanistan in 2001 and re-joined the former mujahedeen , which had morphed into the “ Northern Alliance ” – the group of warlords installed by the U.S. to run Afghanistan as a collection of private gangster fiefdoms .
Karzai issued a press statement expressing his “ deep regret ” in response to Mawlawi ’s death in January .
Bypassing the rape charge , he expressed nothing but praise : “ Mawlawi Islam Muhammadi was a prominent Jihadi figure who has made great sacrifices during the years of Jihad against the Soviet invasion . ”
Mawlawi’s three subordinates were finally convicted for the rape this year , and one died in prison .
But although they were sentenced to 11 years , Karzai reportedly issued a pardon for the other two in May , claiming the men “ had been forced to confess their crimes . ”
The drug- running warlords who have controlled Afghanistan with the U.S. ’ blessing since 2001 have no interest in either democracy or women ’s rights .
Indeed , it is not uncommon for poor poppy farmers who cannot repay loans to local warlords to offer up their daughters for marriage instead .
Gang rapes and violence against women are on the rise , according to human rights organizations .
As a member of parliament , Mir Ahmad Joyenda , told the Independent , “ The commanders , the war criminals , still have armed groups .
They ’re in the government .
Karzai , the Americans , the British sit down with them .
They have impunity .
They ’ve become very courageous and can do whatever crimes they like . ”
In this situation , Afghan warlords again produce 90 percent of the world ’s opium , without legal repercussion .
Women ’s prisons , in contrast , are teeming once again .
As Sonali Kolhatkar , the author of Bleeding Afghanistan : Washington , Warlords , and the Propaganda of Silence , argued on Democracy Now !
“ Women are being imprisoned in greater numbers than ever before , for the crime of escaping from home or having , quote - unquote , ‘ sexual relations ’–‘ illegal sexual relations . ’
Most of these women are simply victims of rape . ”
Despite the appalling conditions that seven years of U.S. occupation have produced for ordinary Afghans , the two U.S. ruling parties came together in August to plan the escalation of that sordid war with the goal of adding 10,000 more U.S. troops in the coming year .
Barack Obama chided his Republican rival during his acceptance speech at the Democratic Party convention on August 28 , using a page from Bush ’s playbook : “ John McCain likes to say that he ’ll follow bin Laden to the Gates of Hell– but he wo n’t even go to the cave where he lives . ”
Obama did not utter a word of criticism about rising civilian casualties , rampant corruption , the flourishing drug trade or women ’s oppression in U.S. - occupied Afghanistan during that historic speech .
On the contrary , he continued , “ I will end this war in Iraq responsibly , and finish the fight against al Qaeda and the Taliban in Afghanistan . ”
Ending the war in Iraq “ responsibly ” will allow a long - term U.S. military presence there–and the redeployment of 10,000 U.S. troops to Afghanistan to “ finish ” the job started by George W. Bush .
In one fell swoop , the candidate who slogan is “ change ” laid out a strategy bearing striking similarity to that of the neocons who invaded Afghanistan in 2001 .
This hawkish turn was not a surprise .
Obama first expressed his willingness to bomb Iran and Pakistan in 2004 , when he told the Chicago Tribune , “ surgical missile strikes ” on Iran may become necessary .
“ On the other hand , ” he continued , “ having a radical Muslim theocracy in possession of nuclear weapons is worse . ”
Obama went on to argue that military strikes on Pakistan should not be ruled out if “ violent Islamic extremists ” were to “ take over . ”
Obama represents the dissenting ruling class view since 2003 , which regarded the Iraq war as a “ distraction ” from the real war the U.S should pursue .
That war has little to do with al - Qaeda , but much more to do with Afghanistan ’s strategic location in Central Asia , and its borders with Iran , Pakistan , Russia and China .
The Russia - Georgia conflict this summer surely reminded U.S. rulers that they cannot afford to ignore their long - standing aim to establish U.S. military bases in this key region , a goal which long pre-dated 9 - 11 .
As the BBC News reported on Sept. 18 , 2001 , “ Niaz Naik , a former Pakistani Foreign Secretary , was told by senior American officials in mid-July that military action against Afghanistan would go ahead by mid-October . ”
The antiwar movement in the U.S. can no longer afford to ignore the war in Afghanistan without fading into irrelevance .
The original aims of the war on terror have been resuscitated , and as Obama has repeatedly emphasized in recent months , its “ central front ” is shifting back to Afghanistan .
The Afghan people have endured seven long years of misery thanks to U.S. occupation , and it is high time to take a principled stand against U.S. imperial aims in Central Asia .
The war on Afghanistan is no more justified than the war on Iraq .
The Beeb has announced that it will be collaborating with Adobe to build a platform - independent iPlayer client before the end of 2008 , something that many have been demanding for some times .
This has to be the single most requested feature BBC has received for the iPlayer and by using Adobe 's AIR ( Adobe Integrated Runtime ) , users will be able to watch iPlayer content not only on Windows PC , but also on Mac and Linux as well .
As one can expect , any downloaded episodes and programmes will be protected by DRM although some might cringe at the idea of having Linux and DRM cohabiting in the same environment .
The BBC has also announced that the organisation had signed a licensing agreement with The Content Management License Administrator , Coremedia and Intertrust to create and distribute content on the Open Mobile Alliance DRM2 format .
This will ensure that more mobile phones ( and generally speaking smartphones ) will now be compatible with the iPlayer and will be able to download content directly to their handsets .
i Phone and iTouch users will have to wait for a while though as Apple , which is not part of the OMA DRM 2.0 alliance , is not enthusiast about licensing DRM to the Beeb .
All the maps you see of the US election results are sharply divided into blue states and red states .
It occurred to me that since “ a state goes for Obama ” sometimes means “ by nine votes ” , that it might be interesting to see a sort of representative map .
So , the purple map of US election results :
The whole country ’s pretty similar in colour , innit ?
I suppose this is what Obama was talking about with the “ I ’ll be your president too ” stuff … ( map from wikimedia ( svg ) , election results from Google , map as SVG , script to generate map )
Mary V. Thompson , a research specialist at Mt. Vernon , studies the domestic life , foodways , and religious practices of the residents of George Washington 's plantation , with a special interest in the slave community .
Excerpted with permission from Virginia Cavalcade .
Volume 48 , Autumn 1999 , No. 4 , pp.178-190 .
The slaves of George Washington must have found the hours when they were not working for their master very precious , for it was then they had the time and the freedom to pursue their own interests and to exercise some measure of control over their own lives .
Evenings , Sundays , and holidays ( Christmas , Easter Monday , the Monday after Pentecost , and official days of prayer and fasting ) , the African Americans at Mount Vernon occupied themselves with activities to benefit themselves and their families , rather than their master .
Slaves on the four outlying farms of the Mount Vernon estate may have had even more freedom in their private lives than those residing at the Mansion House ( Mount Vernon ) , where personal servants had to be available well into the evening , and where opportunities for close supervision by the master and his family abounded .
However , even in their free time and in the most personal aspects of their lives , Washington 's slaves were never free of his ultimate control .
Lacking the kind of voluminous documentation that outlines the lives of George Washington and his family , modern historians studying the African American community at Mount Vernon must pore over such sources as Washington 's 1786 and 1799 censuses of his slaves , court records , archaeological artifacts , and account books to assemble a picture of the slaves ' everyday lives .
At the height of its development as a plantation , Mount Vernon comprised eight thousand acres divided into five separate farms -- Mansion House , Dogue Run , Union , Muddy Hole , and River - - each of which contained a small village of African - born and Virginia - born slaves .
By the time of Washington 's death in 1799 , roughly ninety percent of the plantation 's population consisted of over three hundred African American slaves ( forty of whom Washington rented from a neighbor ) ; the remaining ten percent were the Washington family , white hired workers , and their families .
The largest slave community , ninety people , lived at Mansion House Farm , many of them artisans who practiced the multiple crafts needed to supply the plantation and keep it running .
The group included tradesmen such as bricklayers and carpenters ; cooks , dairy maids , gardeners , millers , and distillers , who produced and processed the food ; people who made clothes for the other slaves ; ditchdiggers ; wagon and cart drivers and postilions for the carriages ; and the butlers , maids , and footmen who worked in the mansion .
The other slave villages ranged in size from forty - five residents at Dogue Run and fifty - seven at River to forty - one at Muddy Hole and seventy - six at Union .
Most of the workers on the outlying farms labored in the fields .
During their time off , most people probably tried to catch up on their rest , given the usual dawn - to - dusk , six - day work week .
The number of personal things to be done and the limited time in which to do them , however , meant that the slaves ' few available free hours were probably fairly busy .
Among the most important activities on a daily basis were housekeeping chores , such as tending chickens and garden plots , cooking and preserving the produce of those gardens , and caring for clothing .
The latter activity was a special concern to George Washington , because his slaves sometimes mended their clothes with fabric intended for other purposes .
For instance , in 1792 , farm manager Anthony Whiting complained that a number of bags or sacks , which would have been useful in transporting wheat to the mill , had been " Stole by the Negroes & otherwise Lost . "
Whiting recommended that bags purchased in the future be made of coarse sacking from Europe , " which a Negro Could not mend his Cloaths with without a discovery " and that , in addition , the sacks be marked on both sides .
A number of off - duty activities helped a slave family earn money , which they could then use to buy small luxuries and thus raise their standard of living .
In the fall of 1798 , Mount Vernon 's farm manager , James Anderson , placed a notice in a local paper about a pocketbook that a slave had found along the road outside of Alexandria .
The rightful owner , after proving that it was his , could reclaim his property after paying for the advertisement and " allowing something for the Negro who found it . "
A slave might receive a tip for special services .
In the spring of 1768 , when George Washington left the home of his brother - in - law , Burwell Bassett , he was probably acting properly when he left fifteen shillings and nine pence for the " Servants , " who would have had extra duties to perform in caring for him or for any other houseguest .
When a slave who belonged to overseer James Cleveland returned a horse to Mount Vernon in the summer of 1783 , he received three shillings , which he could , presumably , spend as he wished .
In 1785 Washington gave several slaves six shillings in gratitude for their assistance in getting his valet , William Lee , to the home of a friend , Dr. David Stuart , after Lee broke his kneecap while surveying with Washington .
( It is unclear whether the people were from Mount Vernon or from Stuart 's home , or if they just happened upon the accident . )
Washington 's contemporaries , benefitting from the help of one of his slaves , would quite likely have tipped them as well .
Where someone of Washington 's social class paid a slave for service with cash , a person of lower rank might barter something in their possession .
In 1784 , for example , a young , indigent white woman stole from the wife of Charles MacIver , a Highland Scot living in Alexandria , garments including a dress ( of Indian chintz with a white ground and red stripes ) and an apron .
The thief gave the dress and apron to one of Dr. Stuart 's slaves in exchange for ferrying her across a body of water ; the slave then gave the clothes to his wife .
George Washington purchased foodstuffs from not only his own slaves , but from those on neighboring farms as well .
Eggs , chickens , ducks , melons , cucumbers , and honey all found their way from the quarters to the mansion table over the years .
Washington 's slaves also sold their chickens in Alexandria , in order to " procure for themselves a few amenities , " wrote Julian Ursyn Niemcewicz , a Polish traveler who visited Mount Vernon in early June of 1798 .
( Like many European tourists , he was fascinated by the institution of slavery and recorded in his journal a number of observations about George Washington 's slaves , which have proven invaluable to later researchers . )
Other slaves made small items for sale to the Washington household ; in 1792 , a slave named Easter received sixpence in exchange for a broom , which had presumably been crafted in the quarters .
While slaves may have sold some of their things door - to - door in the neighborhood , they found another destination for their goods and foodstuffs at the Sunday market in Alexandria , nine miles away , where slaves from the surrounding countryside could sell until 9:00 in the morning .
Of course , this meant an early morning for anyone trying to get into the city , which was a trip of one - and - a - half to two hours on horseback , two - and - a - half or three hours on foot .
The financial and social rewards , however , must have made the effort worthwhile .
In addition to serving as a means of making money , the Sunday market was a good place to befriend slaves from Alexandria and from outlying plantations .
Toward the end of George Washington 's life , farm manager James Anderson tightened the privilege a bit by requiring that slaves from Mount Vernon have a special pass in order to do business at the market .
Anderson was not simply being capricious but was complying with a Virginia law of 1785 that forbid sales to or purchases from slaves without the permission of their owner or overseer .
The leisure pursuits of fishing and hunting could also lead to financial improvement .
Washington 's fondness for fish was well - known , even outside his household , so he was a likely customer for anyone with an impressive catch to sell .
In the late summer of 1790 , he paid three shillings to " a Negroe of Capt. Marshals " for two rockfish .
The Mount Vernon slaves hunted and trapped animals for income , both physical and documentary evidence suggests .
Within the past decade , archaeologists working in the cellar of a slave dwelling on the Mansion House Farm came across both gun flints and lead shot in a variety of sizes ; remains of small mammals ( rabbits , squirrels , opossums , and raccoons ) ; and a variety of wild birds ( several types of ducks , coot , grouse , partridge , and passenger pigeon ) .
Contrary to popular belief , slaves could legally own guns under certain circumstances .
A Virginia statute of 1785 forbid slaves to keep firearms unless they were either traveling with their master or had written permission from him or their employer to have a gun .
Washington clearly knew about and sanctioned the keeping of guns by at least some of his slaves ( although no such documents of permission appear at Mount Vernon ) .
He even provided shot on occasion , most likely for hunting game for the Washingtons ' table or for hunting vermin , as on 19 January 1787 , when slave Tom Davis received one pound of shot .
In the fall of 1792 , Davis and another slave , Sambo Anderson , sold their master eleven dozen birds .
Both men were well - known hunters .
Davis , who regularly supplied the Mount Vernon household with fresh game , had a " great Newfoundland dog " named Gunner as his hunting companion .
Ducks were extremely plentiful along the Potomac in the eighteenth century , and one shot from Davis 's " old British musket " generally brought down " as many of those delicious birds as would supply the larder for a week , " said George Washington Parke Custis , Martha Washington 's grandson .
Anderson had been born in Africa and in the 1750s had been enslaved and brought to Virginia , where he became a carpenter .
A vivid character , he wore gold rings in his ears and adorned his face with tribal scars and tattoos .
After his manumission in 1800 under the terms of Washington 's will , Anderson supported himself by hunting wild game , which he sold to hotels and to " the most respectable families " in Alexandria , according to an 1876 correspondent to the Alexandria Gazette and Virginia Advertiser .
He made enough money from this endeavor to purchase and emancipate two members of his family , William and Eliza .
Sambo Anderson probably earned money from those same sources while Washington was alive .
The slaves sometimes made a little extra money by preventing trespassers from hunting on Washington 's property .
In keeping with long - standing British traditions that limited hunting on an estate to the landowner or to those who had his express permission , Washington forbid hunting by outsiders and ordered his slaves to investigate immediately any gunshots heard on his land .
In the fall of 1787 , a " Party of young Gentlemen " sailed down from Alexandria to hunt ducks along the Potomac , and had the misfortune to land their craft near Washington 's River Farm .
Three slaves of the plantation , one of whom was armed with a gun , approached the young men and , according to Joseph Lewis Jr. , a member of the party , " insisted " that one of them shoot a squirrel , which he proceeded to do .
They enticed two of the group farther into the woods and , probably , therefore onto Washington 's property with the promise of more squirrels , then turned on them " in the most Violent manner " and took away their guns .
As they ran off , the slaves exulted that they had just earned £ 10 , probably as a monetary reward for disarming the trespassing hunters , and were immediately taking the guns to George Washington .
Slaves of the eighteenth century sometimes turned to the perfectly acceptable means of making money by selling their teeth to dentists .
Since at least the end of the Middle Ages , poor people had often sold their teeth for use in both dentures and in tooth - transplant operations for those wealthy enough to afford the procedures .
Sometimes the teeth were perfectly healthy ; others were diseased and needed to be pulled anyway .
In 1780 a French dentist named Jean Pierre Le Moyer ( also called Le Mayeaur , Le Mayeur , and Joseph Lemaire ) came to America , possibly as a naval surgeon with the French forces commanded by the Comte de Rochambeau , and over the next decade treated patients in New York , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Alexandria , and Richmond .
He seems to have had an extensive practice in tooth transplants , but the results of the procedure were short - lived , usually less than one or two years .
Transplantable teeth were hard to come by , and in 1783 Le Moyer even went so far as to advertise in the New York papers for " persons disposed to sell their front teeth , or any of them , " netting the donor two guineas ( forty - two shillings ) per tooth .
In Richmond , he offered anyone but slaves a similar amount for their front teeth .
Technical problems made it impossible to transplant molars , so the operation was probably useful primarily for cosmetic reasons .
Le Moyer first treated George Washington 's teeth at his military headquarters in 1783 .
The following year , in May of 1784 , Washington paid several unnamed " Negroes , " presumably Mount Vernon slaves , 122 shillings for nine teeth , slightly less than one - third the going rate advertised in the papers , " on acct . of the French Dentis [ sic} Doctr. Lemay [ sic ] , " almost certainly Le Moyer .
Over the next four years , the dentist was a frequent and apparently favorite guest on the plantation .
Whether the Mount Vernon slaves sold their teeth to the dentist for any patient who needed them or specifically for George Washington is unknown , although Washington 's payment suggests that they were for his own use .
Washington probably underwent the transplant procedure --" I confess I have been staggered in my belief in the efficacy of transplantion , " he told Richard Varick , his friend and wartime clerk , in 1784 -- and thus it may well be that some of the human teeth implanted to improve his appearance , or used to manufacture his dentures , came from his own slaves .
When the slaves ' entrepreneurial activities threatened Washington 's interests , his concern with their private lives came to the fore .
In the fall of 1794 , for example , he learned that Sally Green , the abandoned wife of one of his white carpenters and the daughter of his old servant , Thomas Bishop , was thinking of moving to Alexandria to open a shop .
The president feared that with her long - standing ties to the Mount Vernon slaves , the shop would be " no more than a receptacle for stolen produce " from his farms , he told his manager , William Pearce .
He asked Pearce to caution Green against dealing with his slaves , for if " she deals with them at all , " Washington thought , " she will be unable to distinguish between stolen , or not stolen things . "
He warned that if she came under any suspicion of dealing in stolen goods , " she need expect no further countenance or support from me . "
His slaves ' ownership of dogs also troubled and economically threatened George Washington .
They apparently trained the animals quite well .
" It is astonishing to see the command under which their dogs are , " Washington commented to his manager Anthony Whiting in 1792 .
Although the slaves probably kept the dogs ostensibly for hunting , both men felt that they used the dogs during " night robberies " to round up Mount Vernon sheep , which they then sold to certain outside " receivers . "
Washington and Whiting also feared that dogs might kill the sheep .
Washington eventually ordered Whiting to decide which dog or dogs to keep on each farm , then kill all the others .
Afterward , " if any negro presumes under any presence whatsoever , to preserve , or bring one into the family .
. . , " Washington proclaimed , " he shall be severely punished , and the dog hanged . "
Washington was not the only plantation owner to resort to such drastic measures ; Thomas Jefferson , on at least one occasion , ordered the destruction of all dogs belonging to his slaves , while permitting his overseer to retain a pair for his own use .
At least one of the condemned dogs was hung as a disciplinary warning to the Monticello slaves .
The ways the slaves at Mount Vernon spent the money they earned was as varied as the individual people themselves , with better clothing , extra food , and household goods among the possibilities .
When the Washingtons ' cook , Hercules , accompanied them to Philadelphia during the presidency , he made a good deal of money , the equivalent of one hundred to two hundred dollars a year in late - eighteenth - century currency , by selling leftovers from the kitchen .
His freedom to sell remnants of food preparation was probably a holdover of a perquisite allowed to cooks and other domestic servants in England , who traditionally sold such items as animal skins , feathers , tallow , and tea leaves to supplement their income .
Hercules " lavished the most of these large avails upon dress , " according to George Washington Parke Custis .
" In making his toilet his linen was of unexceptionable whiteness and quality , then black silk shorts , ditto waistcoat , ditto stockings , shoes highly polished , with large buckles covering a considerable part of the foot , blue cloth coat with velvet collar and bright metal buttons , a long watch - chain dangling from his fob , a cocked - hat , and gold - headed cane completed the grand costume . "
Hercules was hardly the only slave at Mount Vernon to spend his money on clothing .
In 1786 on an Alexandria street , one of the seamstresses , Charlotte , became embroiled in an altercation with the wife of Charles MacIver over a dress in Charlotte 's possession , the same dress that someone else had stolen from Mrs. MacIver two years earlier .
Charlotte may have been the last of several slaves to purchase the dress after its theft and its use as an item of barter .
Other individuals spent their money on food , usually in the form of supplies that were better than their usual rations .
Slaves purchased from Washington in the last years of his life fine flour , large quantities of pork , and whiskey .
Also , they likely bought imported foods , such as tea , coffee , molasses , and sugar , from shops in Alexandria .
Slaves decorated their cabins with homey items of their own purchase .
A typical interior of a slave dwelling at Mount Vernon presented a scene of dire poverty to the Polish visitor Julian Niemcewicz , brightened only by the presence of " some cups and a teapot , " which the family living in the cabin could well have bought .
Some idea of the kinds of domestic furnishings that African Americans purchased at this period can be found in the legal papers relating to the breakup of the marriage of Nancy Holmes , of the Federal City ( later Washington , D.C. ) , the mother - in - law of a former Mount Vernon slave .
Among the objects that her mistress , Eliza Custis Law ( Martha Washington 's eldest granddaughter ) , certified that Nancy had acquired " solely by her industry without the least assistance from her husband " : " One Desk , 3 tables , 8 chairs , 2 glasses [ mirrors ] , 13 pictures , 2 [ cooking ] posts , one oven , 2 frying pans , 1 tea kettle , one & a ha[l ] f dozen plates & Six teacups , 3 tea posts , 1 sugar Dish 1 cream pot 1 tea kettle 2 bedsteads 2 beds [ mattresses ] and bed cloaths 1 pr. Andirons 5 flat irons , 3 tumblers , 3 wine glasses 2 decanters 1 cloths Horse [ clotheshorse ] a large Wash ketle & 3 tubs . "
One can imagine the extra time and work that Holmes had put in to earn the money to buy the goods .
In addition to making money , the slaves at Mount Vernon spent their free time just having fun .
One favorite activity was visiting with one another at night , after they had finished the day 's labor .
In 1794 Washington asked manager William Pearce to caution the slaves at the Mansion House Farm of fire , " for it is no uncommon thing for them to be running from one house to another in cold windy nights with sparks of fire flying , and dropping as they go along . "
He complained that the slaves were too exhausted after what he called " night walking " to do the work expected of them .
Children may have made extended visits to relatives on other farms .
In 1786 , three young , unattached children lived at Washington 's River Farm .
Seven - year - old Milly and four - year - old Billy both had mothers , Sall and Charlotte , at the Mansion House Farm , while James , who was eight , was the child of Doll at another farm .
These children were too young to be part of the work force , so their absence from home was not a matter of serious concern to the plantation 's management , as long as their whereabouts were generally known .
It was no doubt a serious concern to their parents .
Many husbands and wives at Mount Vernon endured separation because of their work assignments , spending weekdays on the five different farms .
Still others were married to people who lived on plantations belonging to other owners .
With Sunday the weekly day off for everyone except possibly house servants , the individuals involved in long - distance marriages could see one another , and their children , only on Saturday night and during the day on Sunday , as well as during other holidays .
A master , however , could always curtail such arrangements .
In the fall of 1769 , Washington became quite annoyed with his neighbor , John Posey , because he had " under very frivolous presences forbid two or three of my People who had Wives in his Family from coming there again , " Washington told merchant Hector Ross .
In 1793 during the presidency , Washington felt that affairs at Mount Vernon were getting out of control in his absence , so he ordered his farm manager there , Anthony Whiting , to " absolutely forbid the Slaves of others resorting to the Mansion house ; such only excepted as have wives or husbands there , or such as you may particularly license from a knowledge of their being honest and well disposed . "
Whiting , after giving them a warning , was to punish all others " whensoever you shall find them transgressing these orders . "
George Washington himself ended the marriage of one of his slaves .
In February 1795 , he learned that a woman named Fanny at River Farm was " Laid up " for an entire six - day work week because she had been " badly beat " by her husband , Ben , who was owned by a Mr. Fowler .
Washington was so incensed that he refused to allow Ben on the plantation and ordered him whipped if he disobeyed .
( Within four years Fanny remarried , once again to a slave living off the Mount Vernon estate .
This unnamed second husband belonged to a Mr. Alexander . )
The slaves may well have accompanied their visits to friends and loved ones with music , smoking , and storytelling .
Archaeologists digging at the site of the original blacksmith shop have found a mouth harp , also known as a Jew 's harp , which either a slave or a white servant could have played without special training .
The cellar of an excavated slave quarter on the Mansion House Farm has yielded large numbers of clay pipe fragments , which both men and women used for smoking tobacco .
A number of the plantation 's slaves had been born in Africa , and one of them , the elderly fisherman known as Father Jack , told stories about that far - off and exotic place to young George Washington Parke Custis , who recalled as an adult that Father Jack was an African negro , an hundred years of age , and , although greatly enfeebled in body by such a vast weight of years , his mind possessed uncommon vigor .
And he would tell of days long past , of Afric 's clime , and of Afric 's wars , in which he ( of course the son of a king ) was made captive , and of the terrible battle in which his royal sire was slain , the village consigned to the flames , and he to the slaveship .
If Jack told such stories to the master 's little grandson , he and other slaves surely related similar tales to the children of their own families .
In doing so , they passed on cultural values , built pride , and gave the children a historical framework for their lives .
All of these things were instrumental in fashioning a community within the quarters , where the first generation of inhabitants had originally come from Africa and from widely differing locales within Virginia .
The slaves at Mount Vernon also found time for games and sports in their free hours .
Small African American boys of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries made marbles their favorite game , and they may have continued the pastime into adulthood , adding the dimension of gambling to the sport .
The cellar of a two - story structure , which housed slave families on the Mansion House Farm for about three decades in the eighteenth century , yielded clay marbles to archaeologists digging in 1984 .
Swimming in the Potomac River and the many creeks on the plantation provided some degree of relief from the oppressive heat and humidity of the Virginia summer .
In the late summer of 1778 , a slave named James provided sad proof of this pastime .
After spending the morning ditching the swamp , James ( a cooper and one of Washington 's " most valuable slaves , " according to Lund Washington ) and the men with whom he was working stopped for their midday dinner break .
He finished eating before the others and went to cool off in the nearby millrace , leaving his breeches on the bank .
The mill was not running and there was no current in the race that day , so James , who could not swim and so feared the water that he never went in farther than waist deep , must have felt comfortable .
He did not realize that the millrace was full , and the depth of the water quickly rose to about seven or eight feet , overwhelming the unfortunate man , who quickly drowned .
The first person to dive into the water after him almost drowned as well , and it was at least three hours before his fellow slaves recovered James 's body .
In 1798 thirty slaves at Mount Vernon , presumably adults , divided into two groups and played a team sport that Niemcewicz , the Polish visitor , described as " prisoner 's base , " which involved " jumps and gambols as if they had rested all week . "
Prisoner 's base was a traditional English game , dating back to the Middle Ages , which is depicted in contemporary prints and was the subject of at least one song .
In the eighteenth century , both children and adults of all classes played it outdoors .
It appears to have been a highly athletic , team version of the modern game known as Tag.
George Washington occasionally gave his slaves leave to attend special sporting events .
In the fall of 1786 , for example , he permitted them to go into Alexandria to attend the horse races , stipulating that so long as responsible individuals remained on each of his farms , the others were free to stagger their attendance over the several - day event .
Washington was not the only plantation owner to allow such privileges ; slaves belonging to his longtime friend , Dr. David Stuart , went to the races in Alexandria in October 1784 .
The slaves who accompanied the Washingtons to Philadelphia during the presidency received several opportunities to enjoy the entertainments available in the city .
In May 1791 , Martha Washington gave Christopher Sheets and Hercules each a ticket to a play .
Two years later , Mrs. Washington gave her maids , Oney Judge and Molly , a dollar " to see the tumbling feats , " and two months later she funded the women 's visit to the circus .
They must have liked what they saw there , because less than a month later Hercules and another man , Austin , also received money for the same purpose .
The Washingtons occasionally included the slaves at Mount Vernon in family celebrations as participants , rather than as servants .
One of the most memorable of such events was the marriage on 22 February 1799 ( George 's sixty - seventh and last birthday ) of Martha Washington 's youngest granddaughter , Eleanor Parke " Nelly " Custis , to George Washington 's nephew , Lawrence Lewis .
In addition to various members of the extended family , a sizable number of slaves also attended .
Martha Washington wore a " light flowered satin " dress and " let all the servants come in to see " the wedding , according to a woman known as Mammy .
She described the event nearly sixty years later to the bride 's niece , Agnes Lee ( who called Mammy " the last but two of the Mt. Vernon servants " ) .
The slaves were more than just spectators , however .
Mrs. Washington , or " ole Mistis " as Mammy called her , also provided them with " such good things to eat , " probably the special delicacies prepared for the wedding .
While it is doubtful that the Washingtons would have or even could have invited all of the slaves from the outlying farms , it is conceivable that they would have included in the festivities the approximately ninety slaves on the Mansion House Farm , with whom the Washingtons were not only physically but likely emotionally close .
Less than a year after Nelly 's wedding , the death of George Washington had a tremendous effect on the personal lives of virtually every slave at Mount Vernon .
He died on 14 December 1799 after a short illness and on 18 December was buried in the family vault following Episcopalian and Masonic funeral rites .
Frank Lee , the family 's mulatto butler ( and brother of William Lee ) , and two of the other serving men from the mansion , Christopher Sheets and Marcus , were outfitted with new shoes the day after Washington 's death , probably to look extra-special while waiting on guests attending the funeral .
Two other slaves , Wilson Hardiman and Cyrus , took part in the ceremonies , leading Washington 's horse , which carried his saddle , holster , and pistols , in the funeral procession from the mansion to the tomb .
After the interment , the family offered something to eat and drink to the large number of unrelated visitors who had taken part in the funeral .
Afterward , the family distributed to the slaves " remains of the provisions , " according to Tobias Lear , Washington 's friend and secretary .
Little is known about the spiritual life of the Mount Vernon slaves .
Few plantation owners of the eighteenth century took interest in their slaves ' religious activities , and no evidence indicates that George and Martha Washington held daily devotional services for their family and servants .
In fact , Oney Judge , Martha Washington 's maid , who ran away in 1796 and then converted to Christianity , complained that she " never received the least . . . moral instruction , of any kind , while she remained in Washington 's family . "
However , a few clues hint that the Mount Vernon slave community developed spiritual leaders of its own .
One man , Will , at Muddy Hole Farm , perhaps was a minister , for George Washington 's 1799 census shows the letters " mint'r " written beside Will 's name .
An enslaved clergyman was not unknown in Virginia at this period , but since there is no other reference to Will in this role , it is impossible to know for sure .
However , Caesar , a slave at Union Farm , had a reputation as a well - known preacher among the local African American population in the last years of the eighteenth century .
He often wore black and white clothing , perhaps an indication of his ministerial role .
Washington 's slaves probably interacted with white members of nearby Baptist , Methodist , and Quaker congregations .
In 1797 the Prince Louis - Philippe of France and his servant , Beaudoin , visited Mount Vernon and talked with a number of the slaves , who said that the three religious groups had raised their hopes for freedom in the not - too - distant future .
The Quakers had even approached Washington 's slaves at places that Louis - Philippe described as " clubs , " possibly meetings of mutual - aid or self - help societies , in Alexandria and Georgetown .
Throughout Virginia in the last half of the eighteenth century , Baptists and Methodists actively sought new members from the slave community and , whether through their open acceptance of them into the congregation as equals or through their anti-slavery message , received an enthusiastic response , especially from those slaves who were younger and had been born in America .
Therefore the presence of Baptists and Methodists among the Mount Vernon slaves is to be expected .
Several tantalizing hints indicate that religious traditions and influences from Africa had survived at Mount Vernon by the end of the eighteenth century .
( Such cultural remnants were not unusual ; similar evidence has appeared in Virginia at Thomas Jefferson 's Monticello , in Maryland , and in South Carolina . )
African - born slaves generally continued to practice their native religions after their enslavement and transportation to the Americas , with the traditions surviving longest in areas where the population had a high concentration of Africans .
Such artifacts from the site of a slave quarter at Mount Vernon as an owl 's leg bone , bearing marks from a knife where someone had cut off the talon , and a raccoon baculum ( penis bone ) , incised along one end , might be amulets .
A former Maryland slave recalled in the late 1930s that the " only charms " belonging to slaves on the plantation where he grew up " were made out of bones . "
The carving on the bones at Mount Vernon effectively transformed them into ceremonial or decorative objects , which someone could have suspended from a cord around his or her neck .
The well - known sexual aggressiveness of male raccoons might have led a slave to see the baculum as a fertility symbol , while the owl 's prowess as a nighttime hunter may have caused someone to see its talon as a valuable aid to their own hunting endeavors .
Archaeologists suggest that these pieces indicate either cultural borrowing from Native Americans or are New World manifestations of African custom .
Whatever the answer , the artifacts certainly suggest the practice of other belief systems beside , or perhaps in conjunction with , Christianity on George Washington 's estate .
They also lend credence to an undocumented local tradition that the slaves at Dogue Run Farm practiced voodoo or conjuring .
Given the dominant European and Christian culture of the time , it was difficult for African - born slaves to transplant another religion to the Americas completely intact .
Using Islam as a cursory example , slaves would have found traditional Friday prayers almost impossible to continue in the New World , with the typical work week in Virginia being Monday through Saturday .
Further , given the prominence of pork in slaves ' diets , it would have been hard to follow Islamic dietary guidelines ; however , the availability of fish , the occasional issue of mutton and beef , and game might have made it possible .
Of course , pilgrimage to Mecca was out of the question .
Still , other elements of Islamic religious traditions , for example daily prayer and almsgiving , might well have survived the Middle Passage in some form .
The life of Sambo Anderson , the African - born carpenter at Mount Vernon , suggests that some slaves may have based their marriages on a non-European pattern , for it is entirely possible that he had two wives .
As of 1799 he was married to Agnes , a thirty - six - year - old woman at River Farm , with whom he had three children , Henky , Cecilia , and Anderson , ranging in age from seventeen to eleven .
Also living on River Farm at that time were three other children : Ralph , age nine ; Charity , two ; and Charles , one .
Their mother , Sall , had died not long before .
The 1799 census did not , however , name Sall 's husband or the children 's father .
As a free man after Washington 's death , Anderson made his home on Little Hunting Creek , near Mount Vernon .
However , Washington could not legally free Agnes , her children with Anderson , or Sall 's little ones , as they were dower slaves of Martha Washington , and , as such , were eventually divided among Martha 's four grandchildren .
In the summer of 1810 , one of Sall 's now - grown sons , Ralph , then about twenty - one , ran away from his owner , Thomas Peter , the husband of Martha Washington 's second granddaughter , Martha Custis Peter .
Thomas Peter believed Ralph was heading for the home of his father , " a free negro man by name Sambo , living on Judge Washington 's estate , Mount Vernon , " read the ad in the Alexandria Daily Gazette .
That free man was undoubtedly Sambo Anderson .
George Washington might not have recognized his slaves polygynous practices because they were outside the scope of his cultural experiences and expectations .
Polygyny was uncommon among Virginia slaves but not completely unknown either .
At least one African - born slave on a plantation belonging to Robert " King " Carter , a contemporary of Washington 's father , had two wives .
Of course , there may be other explanations for Anderson 's family situation , perhaps an extramarital liaison or an adoption , for example .
From this distance and with the sources at hand , it is impossible to do more than speculate , but the possibility that Anderson may have been practicing the marriage pattern he knew as a child in Africa is certainly intriguing and cannot be completely dismissed .
Either Islam , which permitted up to four wives , or a more traditional African religion , some of which allowed hundreds and even thousands of wives for elite , ruling - class men who could afford them , would have given him both a tradition of , and a clear conscience to practice , polygyny .
The name a mother gave her child also indicates the continuation of an element of Muslim culture .
Late in 1800 , a year after George Washington 's death , Letty , a young mulatto woman who lived at Muddy Hole Farm , gave birth to a little girl she called " Nila . "
The unusual appellation is the phonetic spelling or an adaptation of a Muslim woman 's name , " Naailah , " which means " someone who acquires something . "
In accordance with her late husband 's final wishes , Martha Washington at the end of 1800 freed those slaves who had belonged to him , including Letty , her three children ( baby Nila and young sons Billy and Henry , or Harry ) , both her parents , and all her siblings .
Maybe Nila was an African name that Letty 's family , or her baby 's father 's family , remembered from Africa .
Perhaps Letty simply knew someone named Nila and wanted her daughter to carry the name of her friend .
Given the timing of the little girl 's birth , however , it is also possible that Letty bestowed the name ( " someone who acquires something " ) in commemoration of her family 's newly acquired freedom .
If this interpretation is correct , then the larger African American community living in Fairfax County , Alexandria , and at Mount Vernon retained some knowledge of Muslim tradition or some familiarity with the Arabic language .
After all , at least one African - born slave , Sambo Anderson , resided in the area well into the nineteenth century , and he as well as others may have kept alive African customs , names , and words .
The lives of the enslaved African Americans who lived and worked at Mount Vernon in the late eighteenth century were fairly typical of the lives of slaves on large plantations throughout Virginia .
However , they probably had more freedom over certain aspects of their lives than the average modern visitor to George Washington 's home might suspect .
In their time off from their rigorous schedule of work in the house and on the farms , the Mount Vernon slaves engaged in tasks that earned small sums of money in order to better their lives .
They also enjoyed time with their families and friends , participated in local cultural events , and nurtured their spiritual lives .
It may not sound too different from the way people live today .
However , George Washington , as the owner of the African American men , women , and children at Mount Vernon and on the outlying farms , could at any time change his mind about allowing a certain liberty .
When that happened , there might be no more trips to a social club in Alexandria , a valuable and beloved pet might die , or a marriage might abruptly end without the consent of husband and wife .
home · view the report · is it true ?
· the jefferson enigma · the slaves ' story · mixed race america
special video reports · discussion · links · quiz · chronology · gene map
interviews · synopsis · tapes · teacher 's guide · press
FRONTLINE
· pbs online · wgbh web site copyright 1995 - 2014 WGBH educational foundation
Shuttle Endeavour lands safely in California
The Endeavour astronauts soared to a landing in California this afternoon , after high winds and thunderstorms blocked a descent to NASA 's Kennedy Space Center in Florida .
The shuttle touched down at Edwards Air Force Base , Calif. , at 3:25 p.m. CST , with commander Chris Ferguson and pilot Eric Boe at the controls .
The landing closed out a 16 - day mission for six of the seven astronauts , who equipped the international space station with the life support systems to house more astronauts and overhauled electricity generating solar panels with four spacewalks .
Greg Chamitoff , the seventh flier , returned to Earth after six months of duty aboard the station .
" We 're happy to be in California , " radioed Ferguson , as the ship rolled to a stop on the runway .
Ferguson 's crew was hoping for a Florida homecoming , where close family members were gathered .
Though NASA prefers to land shuttles in Florida , the sunshine state 's foul weather left Mission Control with few options : either divert Endeavour to California this afternoon or try for Kennedy again on Monday .
The blustery conditions brought by a cold front forced the fliers to pass up Florida twice today .
" I know you folks have been working this real hard , " Ferguson radioed when informed of NASA flight director Bryan Lunney 's decision .
" It is what it is . "
Gusts at Kennedy whipped to nearly twice the shuttle 's 17 mile per hour limit for runway crosswinds .
Forecasters issued a tornado watch .
Endeavour 's was the first California landing for a shuttle since June 2007 .
Ferguson , Boe , Chamitoff , Steve Bowen , Heide Stefanyshyn - Piper , Don Pettit and Shane Kimbrough were to spend the night in California undergoing medical exams and resting .
With bones and muscles weakened by months of weightlessness , Chamitoff faces one to two months of supervised physical rehabilitation .
As his station duties drew near an end , the 46 - year - old aeronautical engineer said he craved pizza , diet soda and rocky road ice cream .
The fliers are scheduled to return to the Johnson Space Center training base and Houston - area homes on Monday .
The space agency plans a welcoming ceremony at Ellington Field at 4 p.m .
The ceremony is open to the public .
Endeavour 's astronauts furnished the station with a new kitchen , two small bedrooms , exercise equipment and a water recycler .
The recycler was developed to reclaim drinking water from urine , perspiration and other sources of moisture in the station 's atmosphere .
The enhancements position the station to grow from three to six full - time resident astronauts by mid-2009 .
Endeavour 's cargo includes about two gallons of samples of water processed by the recycler .
Those and future samples will be tested to assess the quality of the recycled water before NASA approves consumption by the astronauts .
The evaluations are expected to take at least 90 days .
The recycler 's urine processor , one of two major subassemblies , proved troublesome in the early activation .
However , by the end of Endeavour 's 12 - day visit to the station , the machinery was working .
NASA managed four shuttle assembly missions to the station in 2008 , the most in one year since the 2003 Columbia tragedy .
Earlier flights added European and Japanese science modules , work sites for the increased number of astronauts that NASA and its 14 international partners now plan .
During the next shuttle mission , scheduled for a Feb. 12 liftoff , seven astronauts will equip the station with a fourth and final solar power module .
Plans for the launching of the shuttle Atlantis with seven astronauts on a mission to overhaul the Hubble Space Telescope in October were postponed when the observatory encountered problems with an image formatting computer .
The space agency is preparing a replacement .
The Hubble flight is tentatively headed toward a May liftoff .
mark.carreau@chron.com
Today we ’re going to talk about a sentence that every last one of us have uttered :
I really feel like if I could get more people to see the comic they would actually like it …
There ’s not a webcartoonist alive who does n’t feel that way .
Heck , I would imagine it applies to any creative profession .
It ’s one of our very few Universal Sentiments .
But it ’s a mindset that misses an important point , and until you understand it , I think it ’s going to hold you back .
What I think you ’re missing is this :
You ’re already getting new readers .
Every day .
The question you should be asking yourself is whether you ’re keeping the new readers you do get .
And if that answer is no , you have to take a long , hard , objective look at why that is .
If you think your comic is good — and if you ’re not keeping new readers — then maybe it ’s not as good as you think it is .
Quality is #
1
Think about it .
Every day you ’re getting new readers .
If they like your comic , they ’ll become regular readers .
If they do n’t like your comic , they wo n’t .
Let ’s do a thought experiment .
Let ’s say I gave you a magic wand .
With one wave of the wand , you could get a million people to view your site on one given day .
On that day — poof ! — a million potential readers .
If that comic ’s not good enough , how many of them are going to stay ?
How many of them will come back tomorrow ?
Conventional Wisdom tells us that you ’ll get a decent percentage — but for how long ?
If that next update is n’t very good , you ’re going to lose some of those .
And unless you ’re able to Bring
It — with frequency , consistency and significant — on a regular basis , you will have lost most ( if not all ) of those million in the span of a few months .
Now , what would you say if I told you that you already have that magic wand ?
It ’s called your Web site .
And although it ’s not going to deliver that million new readers on one single day , it will deliver them over the course of the next year or two .
If you ’ve been publishing for a while , it probably already has delivered that many .
Maybe more .
Have you kept them ?
If not … is it the wand ’s fault ?
I ca n’t tell you if your comic is good or not … but your traffic will give you some clues .
Look at your update days .
A high ratio of new visitors coupled with a high bounce rate tells you that you brought new people in the door , and they did n’t find anything there to encourage them to read any further .
And you have to compare both stats .
For example , if you have a high ratio of return visitors — coupled with a high bounce rate — that ’s an indication that those readers are n’t diving into the archive because they ’ve already read that content .
Everything after the quality of the comic itself is secondary .
But the two top secondary concerns are Web - site retention and social media .
Web - site retention
Take a moment and look at your site from the perspective of a first - time visitor .
Now ask yourself :
Does your Web site retain readers ?
Does your site load quickly ?
Are you encouraging financial support in the form of sales , Patreon , and so forth ?
Do you promote archive storylines ?
Do you make it easy to navigate into the archive ?
Can new readers find archived material based on their own interests ?
Can a new reader easily figure out the concept behind your comic in an About page ?
Does your site make it clear that there ’s more going on than just that one comic they see ?
Does your site make it clear that there are other ways to enjoy your content — books , eBooks , etc . ?
In other words , what are you doing to make sure your new readers will come back tomorrow — or at least stick around for a little while longer and become increasingly interested in what you ’re doing .
Social media
Now more than ever , reading habits are changing on the Web .
That makes social - media outreach on the Web super - important .
Readers rely less on bookmarks and RSS feeds — and more on social - media alerts .
It ’s just something we ca n’t ignore .
I offer tons and tons and tons of tutorials and advice on this site to help members do their social media outreach better .
But as important as it is to have a healthy social - media presence , it ’s absolutely crucial to make it easy for people to use social media to tell their friends about your comic .
That ’s why I always advocate having “ share ” buttons under the comic .
Having buttons on your site that lead to your social - media pages is n’t nearly as important as having buttons on your site that enable readers to share your work .
If you ’re not doing this , I think you ’re making a very big mistake .
The rest ?
Message boards are becoming less and less important ( from a promotions standpoint ) and paid advertising …?
You have to put an awful lot of time and energy into making this a worthwhile investment of time and energy .
Otherwise , it ’s a gamble .
Now that we ’ve passed the tipping point in the use of ad blockers , it ’s a complete waste of time and energy .
No easy answers
And that ’s just the problem .
It ’s not a question of installing one simple plug - in on your site .
And it ’s not a question of improving a single punchline or story beat .
It ’s doing all of that — plus social media , plus a whole lot more — and doing it tomorrow , too , and the day after that …
It ’s an ongoing struggle .
Next chance you get , ask a creative pro who you think has “ made it , ” and ask him or her what they did to get to that point .
Nine - chances - out - of - ten , they ’ll tell you that they ’ll let you know as soon as they get there .
According to CrunchGear 's John Biggs , the second - ever Android cellphone does n't come from Motorola , Nokia or Sony Ericsson .
The Zzzphone is a full - QWERTY keyboard Chinese slider which apparently runs the Android operating system , and has a web site designed in 1994 .
It not only runs Android , but it also seems to have mutant powers .
This thing can do absolutely everything :
Welcome to zzzPhone ; the world 's first unlocked quad - band mobile featuring the Google Android Operating System .
It not only works everywhere in the world , but also can be built and personalized per your custom requirements with GPS , Wi-Fi , your choice of seven colors for cases , and 15 other optional buy - ons .
This powerful smart phone , with up to 32 GB of memory , also happens to be the world 's first phone with snap on modular accessories such as full QWERTY keyboard , mini boom box , projector , ect. ; making it the most versatile and adaptable phone on the planet .
Enhanced features include :
The world 's first phone with snap - on projector , the option to add a full QWERTY keyboard , upgrades to 4 stereo speakers , an extended battery that lasts up to 2 weeks , and MORE !!!
Advertisement
" MORE !!! " ?
More than all that ?
John says that he has bought one himself , which they said is coming in 10 business days .
For how mucho dinero , you ask ?
With all those things and possibilities , it sure must be $ 400 ?
$ 500 ?
No .
It 's just $ 119 .
And for a few dollars more , you can even buy it in a different color .
Cheaper than the G1 and the iPhone .
You can even buy a gold and diamonds version for $ 225,000 .
Or just wait for John to get his base model and wait to see it it 's just made of cardboard or blows on his ear .
[ Zzzphone via Crunchgear ]
Holding an early generation mobile cell phone , Republican presidential contender Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , talks about the rapid progress of American technology as he outlines his energy policy and warns of U.S .
reliance on foreign oil in a speech to the Center for Strategic and International Studies at the Ronald Reagan Building in Washington , Monday , April 23 , 2007 .
* AP Photo / J. Scott Applewhite
*
Al Gore may have invented the internet , but it 's Republican presidential candidate John McCain we have to thank for the " miracle " of the BlackBerry , his top economic adviser said Tuesday .
Asked by campaign trail reporters what McCain 's experience as chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee does to help him to understand the economy and lead the country through its current turmoil , Douglas Holtz - Eakin waved his BlackBerry in the air , according to The Politico .
" Telecommunications of the United States is a premier innovation in the past 15
years , comes right through the Commerce committe , " Holtz - Eakin said .
" So you 're looking at the miracle John McCain helped create and that 's what he did . "
The BlackBerry was developed by Research In Motion , a Canadian company .
The comment met with immediate derision across the internet .
" McCain economic adviser claims McCain invented the Blackberry .
I 'd vote for him if it was the iPhone , " joked " mnoreen , " on Twitter .
And someone else has started a running joke with the word " #invent " on the micro- blogging service .
Hundreds of sarcastic comments are pouring through the service .
Another senior aide , Matt McDonald , said that the senator " laughed " when he heard the comment , reports the AP , which quotes McDonald calling the comment a " boneheaded joke . "
In the 2000 presidential race , Democrat Al Gore drew derision when he claimed , " During my service in the United States Congress , I took the initiative in creating the Internet . "
Research in Motion declined to comment .
See Also :
Overview
The public is feeling much better about how the war in Iraq is going these days , but at the same time has a sharply diminished appetite for U.S. efforts to deal with an array of global problems .
Fewer people than at any point in this decade assign high priority to such foreign policy goals as preventing genocide , strengthening the United Nations , promoting and defending human rights , and reducing the global spread of AIDS and other infectious diseases .
There also is decreased support for an assertive national security policy .
Fully 45 % say that reducing U.S. overseas military commitments should be a top policy priority , up 10 points since 2004 .
Notably , even the goal of halting the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction – a widely shared objective for nearly two decades – is now viewed as less important .
A new nationwide survey on foreign policy attitudes by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press , conducted in collaboration with the Council on Foreign Relations , finds a striking rise in public optimism about the situation in Iraq .
Nearly six - in - ten Americans ( 58 % ) say the U.S. military effort there is going well , the highest percentage in more than four years .
Yet improving perceptions about the situation in Iraq have done little to increase support for maintaining U.S. troops there .
Half of the public views the war as the wrong decision , while the same percentage favors withdrawing U.S. forces from Iraq as soon as possible ; these figures have declined only modestly in recent months .
By contrast , there is strong public support for maintaining U.S. forces in Afghanistan – a notable exception to the broader trend against global engagement .
The public ’s top long - term foreign policy goals are decidedly America - centric .
Defending the country against terrorism , protecting U.S. jobs , and weaning the country from imported energy all draw extensive bipartisan support .
As in the past , however , there are substantial political disagreements over most other international priorities : about twice as many Democrats as Republicans rate reducing U.S. military commitments as a top priority , and nearly three times as many attach great importance to dealing with global climate change .
John McCain ’s consistent advantage over Barack Obama on foreign policy and national security may be limited to some extent by the public ’s focus on domestic issues .
Notably , while swing voters say McCain could best deal with foreign policy by a 52 % to 25 % margin , they along with most Americans believe that the next president should focus on domestic issues rather than foreign policy .
At the beginning of President Bush ’s second term , the public by 53 % to 27 % said it was more important for him to concentrate on domestic policy than foreign policy .
That sentiment has swollen to a 60 % to 21 % margin when citizens are asked about what they want from their next president .
‘ Conserve , Baby , Conserve , ’ Too
The survey , conducted among 2,982 adults interviewed Sept. 9 - 14 on landline and cell phones , finds that 76 % rate reducing U.S. dependence on foreign energy sources as a top foreign policy priority , up 13 points from July 2004 .
The public ’s willingness to consider policies to achieve that objective appears to be practically open - ended .
Two - thirds of Americans ( 67 % ) favor allowing more offshore oil and gas drilling in U.S. waters , yet about the same percentage ( 69 % ) supports establishing tax incentives to encourage energy conservation .
And even greater percentages continue to support requiring improved vehicle fuel efficiency ( 88 % ) and increased funding for research on wind and other alternative technologies ( 82 % ) .
Support for energy conservation notwithstanding , a growing number of Americans also favor allowing oil and gas drilling in Alaska ’s National Wildlife Refuge : 55 % currently support drilling in ANWR , up five points since June and 13 points since February .
There also is increased public support for promoting the use of nuclear power ; 50 % now favor wider use of nuclear power , compared with 44 % in February .
There are wide partisan differences over many energy options , particularly ANWR drilling , offshore drilling , and increased use of nuclear power .
Yet overwhelming percentages of Republicans , Democrats and independents alike support more funding for alternative energy , higher fuel standards , and extending tax incentives to encourage conservation .
The public has low expectations that these policies will provide a quick fix to America ’s energy problem .
Most of those who believe that offshore drilling and increased funding for alternative energy technologies will reduce U.S. energy dependence say these actions will not affect the nation ’s energy supply in the next few years , but instead over the longer term .
Global Threats : Russia on the Rise
More Americans say that Iran represents the greatest danger to the United States than mention any other country .
About one - in - five ( 21 % ) volunteers Iran as the greatest danger , in an open - ended format ; 16 % mention China , while 14 % cite Russia .
The proportion naming Russia has jumped substantially since February 2007 ( from 2 % to 14 % ) .
While an increasing percentage views Russia as the greatest national danger to the United States , fewer than half ( 44 % ) believe that growing tensions between Russia and its neighbors represents a major threat to U.S. well - being .
By contrast , 72 % say that Islamic groups like al Qaeda are a major threat for the United States .
In addition , relatively few Americans ( 18 % ) view Russia as an adversary ; far more ( 48 % ) say Russia is a serious problem but not an adversary .
The public expresses similar views about whether China is an adversary .
Roughly half ( 49 % ) say that China is a serious problem but not an adversary , while just 19 % say it is an adversary .
Mr Stevens has been in the US Senate since 1968 Federal prosecutors say Alaska Senator Ted Stevens is a " crafty politician " who knows how to take gifts unnoticed .
They were speaking at the opening of the trial of Mr Stevens , who is accused of lying on Senate financial disclosure forms about gifts from an oil firm .
Mr Stevens ' defence lawyer maintained the senator had not known that the oil firm had not been paid for the gifts .
The Senator , who is the longest - serving Republican in the Senate , is fighting a tough re-election bid .
Mr Stevens , 84 , has said he plans to speak at the trial but has also said he will follow the advice of his lawyers .
Testifying would expose the senator , who has a reputation for a quick temper , to a series of probing questions from the prosecution , the Associated Press says .
Election battle During opening arguments , prosecutor Brenda Morris said Mr Stevens was a " crafty politician " who had learned during his long service in the Senate to accept gifts without being noticed .
Mr Stevens is accused of failing to disclose $ 250,000 ( £ 135,000 ) of work done on his house free of charge by employees of the Veco oil company that normally builds pipelines and processing equipment .
He had " thumbed his nose " at the public 's right to know about the gifts , Ms Morris said , according to AP .
Mr Stevens has pleaded not guilty , saying he has " never knowingly submitted a false disclosure form required by law as a US senator " .
Mr Stevens has continued to campaign since he was indicted in July .
His Senate seat is up for grabs in November 's election and polls suggest he is facing a tough battle against his Democratic challenger , Mark Begich , if he is to secure an eighth term .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Uganda
Politics | Society | Gay - Lesbian | Health | Human rights
Politics | Society | Gay - Lesbian | Health | Human rights
Uganda police torture gay rights activist
afrol News , 28 July
One of Uganda 's key gay rights activists who had led demonstration at an AIDS international conference in the country was arrested , tortured and dumped with bruises on his body in the capital Kampala on Saturday .
Usaam Auf Mukwaya was among the three activists arrested at the HIV / AIDS Implementers '
Meeting last month for protesting against comments by Uganda 's AIDS commission that the gay community was shooting up the number of infections in the country , but would not have access to HIV services .
The activist was arrested by the police while on his way back from Friday prayers .
He was reportedly driven to a building where he was led through a dark hall to an interrogation room , and aggressively question about Ugandan LGBT movement .
Mukwaaya was cut around the hands and tortured with a machine that applies extreme pressure to the body , preventing breathing and causing severe pain before being driven out of the building and dumped .
He boarded a motorbike taxi to the city center and telephone his colleagues from Shaken and bruised , he boarded a motorbike taxi to the city center and telephoned colleagues from Sexual Minorities Uganda who found him weak , filthy and without shoes and some of his clothing .
Another protester who is currently being tried on charges of criminal tress pass alongside the disappeared activists explained how Makwaaya was arrested .
Julian Onziema said he was with Mukwaya when police pounced on three of them in Nakasero .
Gay rights activists have been disturbed by the " unhealthy development " , with International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission ( IGLHRC ) dispatching a petition to the Ugandan government authorities condemning the " illegal detention and torture of Mukwaaya . "
" These actions by the police are a violation of numerous human rights promised to the people of Uganda under the African Charter of Human and Peoples ' Rights and other international treaties to which your country is a signatory , " writes IGLHRC Executive Director , Paula Ettelbrick .
" These treaties , as well as your constitution , guarantee the right to physical integrity , freedom from torture , and freedom from discrimination based on sex or other status , " Ettelbrick said , requesting the government to fulfill its " international responsibilities by undertaking a thorough and transparent investigation into the illegal detention and torture of of Usaam Mukwaaya and that those responsible be brought to justice . "
The Kampala government was also urged to " immediately halt " human rights violations targeting lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender Ugandans .
Last year , the East African country 's Attorney General Fred Ruhindi called for the imposition of criminal law against lesbians and gays .
By staff writer
© afrol News
On the Afrol News front page now
Rwanda succeeds including citizens in formal financial sector
afrol News -
It is called " financial inclusion " , and it is a key government policy in Rwanda .
The goal is that , by 2020 , 90 percent of the population is to have and actively use bank accounts .
And in only four years , financial inclusion has doubled in Rwanda .
Read more -
It is called " financial inclusion " , and it is a key government policy in Rwanda .
The goal is that , by 2020 , 90 percent of the population is to have and actively use bank accounts .
And in only four years , financial inclusion has doubled in Rwanda .
Famine warning : " South Sudan is imploding "
afrol News -
The UN 's humanitarian agencies now warn about a devastating famine in Sudan and especially in South Sudan , where the situation is said to be " imploding " .
Relief officials are appealing to donors to urgently fund life - saving activities in the two countries .
Read more -
The UN 's humanitarian agencies now warn about a devastating famine in Sudan and especially in South Sudan , where the situation is said to be " imploding " .
Relief officials are appealing to donors to urgently fund life - saving activities in the two countries .
Panic in West Africa after Ebola outbreak in Guinea
afrol News -
Fear is spreading all over West Africa after the health ministry in Guinea confirmed the first Ebola outbreak in this part of Africa .
According to official numbers , at least 86 are infected and 59 are dead as a result of this very contagious disease .
Read more - Fear is spreading all over West Africa after the health ministry in Guinea confirmed the first Ebola outbreak in this part of Africa .
According to official numbers , at least 86 are infected and 59 are dead as a result of this very contagious disease .
Ethiopia tightens its already strict anti-gay laws
afrol News -
It is already a crime being homosexual in Ethiopia , but parliament is now making sure the anti-gay laws will be applied in practical life .
No pardoning of gays will be allowed in future , but activist fear this only is a signal of further repression being prepared .
Read more -
It is already a crime being homosexual in Ethiopia , but parliament is now making sure the anti-gay laws will be applied in practical life .
No pardoning of gays will be allowed in future , but activist fear this only is a signal of further repression being prepared .
Mr Clifton - Brown escaped serious injury after the incident
A Tory MP has told how a bag of stuffed toys saved his life after he fell 20 feet down a hole while in China .
Geoffrey Clifton - Brown , MP for the Cotswolds , stepped off a ramp outside a hotel in Beijing only to find himself falling down a concrete shaft .
But the stuffed toy foxes , given to him by a Chinese internet firm , cushioned his fall and he escaped serious injury .
" I took this huge bag of stuffed foxes and by pure luck it literally saved my life , " he told the BBC .
Lucky mascot
He recounted the experience after mentioning it during a Parliamentary debate on British firms doing business in China .
The MP said he had considered throwing the toys - used by the firm as a mascot - away but decided to keep them for his family .
As it turned out , they saved him from serious injury as he landed abruptly on the concrete floor .
" It is amazing the thoughts that go through your head when you are in freefall , " he said .
" Finally the crunch came 20 feet down this sheer concrete shaft with a concrete floor .
" I blinked and thought well I 'm still alive and found I had n't broken anything . "
Despite the scare , Mr Clifton - Brown plans to return to China on another trade mission in four weeks time .
The California Courts website has moved !
Our URL is www.courts.ca.gov
You are now being redirected to the California Courts website .
The Virgin Mary has been busy lately , in the month of August alone , she has appeared in chocolate :
As a chocolatier to the rich and famous , Martucci Angiano has posed with many celebrities .
But this month she held in her hand a figure that dazzles her more than any Hollywood star : a 2 - inch - tall column of chocolate drippings that workers at her gourmet chocolate company believe bears a striking resemblance to the Virgin Mary .
Since the discovery at Bodega Chocolates , Angiano 's employees have spent much of their time hovering over the tiny figure , praying and placing rose petals and candles around it .
Since the discovery at Bodega Chocolates , Angiano 's employees have spent much of their time hovering over the tiny figure , praying and placing rose petals and candles around it .
" I was raised to believe in the Virgin Mary , but this still gives me the chills , " Angiano said as she balanced the figure in her hand .
" Everyone should see this . " ... on the stomach of a pet turtle named , of course , Mary :
An 81 - year - old woman in Chicago said the image of the Virgin Mary appeared to her on the stomach of a pet turtle , according to a Local 6 News report .
Shirley McVane said the image mysteriously appeared on a sand turtle given to her by a family member .
McVane , said she had had the turtles for about a year and the image is plain to see .
" I told some of our friends , you know I 've got a turtle and I said it has the image of the Virgin Mary on it , and I said it 's getting plainer and plainer , " McVane said .
" And they said , ' Yeah sure .
Yeah , I know , you 're 81 years old , you think we believe that ? '
I said , ' Well , it 's the truth . '
So , now they all believe it . " ... in a piece of wood paneling in the Souplantation restaurant in Grantville , California : ... and finally , on a George Forman Grill drip pan : John Milanos was cooking a hamburger on his George Foreman Grill last week in Missouri .
After he was done , he said the Holy Mother 's face appeared in the leftover grease .
The grease was in a small plastic drip pan that catches the grease and other fluids that run off the grill .
Milanos saved the grease in his refrigerator so he could show his friends and the makers of the George Foreman Grill .
So far , the company has not responded to Milanos .
She 's probably mad that someone stole her 700 year - old religious icon in Greece , by scaling a sheer cliff face !
Not to be outdone , her son Jesus also made a few appearances , like for example on an oyster shell ( selling right now on eBay , of course ) : ( Pretty neat , though not as cool as the one found last year , also on an oyster shell ) ... in an MRI scan of a woman 's spine ( probably about to be sold on eBay ) A 34 - year - old woman in Pittsburgh , Pa. , claims the image of Jesus appeared to her in a recent magnetic resonance imaging scan of her body , according to a Local 6 News report .
Rhonda Hodge of Duquesne had several X - rays taken of her spine because of a bulged disc , which has been causing numbness in her neck and left arm .
One of the images caught her attention and that of her friends and co-workers .
" What went through my mind ? "
Hodge said .
" Just surprise .
Oh my God , that 's the crucifixion . "
Hodge said there is no doubt in her mind that the image looks like the crucifixion .
... in an ultrasound scan of a baby :
After seven months of a difficult pregnancy , Laura Turner looked anxiously at the latest ultrasound picture of her unborn son .
She was reassured to see not just the baby sucking his thumb - but what she believes is an image of Jesus watching over him .
... and on a shrimp :
The man wrote that he wanted to share with viewers a smile and a sense of hope .
He claimed that when he finished his first shrimp , he disregarded the tail , but then looked at it again and saw the face of Jesus .
The writer said he believed it was a sign , as he 's currently going through a nasty divorce .
And God ?
He only appeared once in August , on the side of a man 's four - feet long pet alligator 's side :
POLICE , COURTS , AND LAWS ---ON THE MARKET
How , without government , could we settle the disputes that are now settled in courts of law ?
How could we protect ourselves from criminals ?
Consider first the easiest case , the resolution of disputes involving contracts between well - established firms .
A large fraction of such disputes are now settled not by government courts but by private arbitration of the sort described in Chapter 18 .
The firms , when they draw up a contract , specify a procedure for arbitrating any dispute that may arise .
Thus they avoid the expense and delay of the courts .
The arbitrator has no police force .
His function is to render decisions , not to enforce them .
Currently , arbitrated decisions are usually enforceable in the government courts , but that is a recent development ; historically , enforcement came from a firm 's desire to maintain its reputation .
After refusing to accept an arbitrator 's judgment , it is hard to persuade anyone else to sign a contract that specifies arbitration ; no one wants to play a game of ' heads you win , tails I lose ' .
Arbitration arrangements are already widespread .
As the courts continue to deteriorate , arbitration will continue to grow .
But it only provides for the resolution of disputes over pre-existing contracts .
Arbitration , by itself , provides no solution for the man whose car is dented by a careless driver , still less for the victim of theft ; in both cases the plaintiff and defendant , having different interests and no prior agreement , are unlikely to find a mutually satisfactory arbitrator .
Indeed , the defendant has no reason to accept any arbitration at all ; he can only lose -- which brings us to the problem of preventing coercion .
Protection from coercion is an economic good .
It is presently sold in a variety of forms -- Brinks guards , locks , burglar alarms .
As the effectiveness of government police declines , these market substitutes for the police , like market substitutes for the courts , become more popular .
Suppose , then , that at some future time there are no government police , but instead private protection agencies .
These agencies sell the service of protecting their clients against crime .
Perhaps they also guarantee performance by insuring their clients against losses resulting from criminal acts .
How might such protection agencies protect ?
That would be an economic decision , depending on the '- costs and effectiveness of different alternatives .
On the one extreme , they might limit themselves to passive defenses , installing elaborate locks and alarms .
Or they might take no preventive action at all , but make great efforts to hunt down criminals guilty of crimes against their clients .
They might maintain foot patrols or squad cars , like our present government police , or they might rely on electronic substitutes .
In any case , they would be selling a service to their customers and would have a strong incentive to provide as high a quality of service as possible , at the lowest possible cost .
It is reasonable to suppose that the quality of service would be higher and the cost lower than with the present governmental system .
Inevitably , conflicts would arise between one protective agency and another .
How might they be resolved ?
I come home one night and find my television set missing .
I immediately call my protection agency , Tannahelp Inc. , to report the theft .
They send an agent .
He checks the automatic camera which Tannahelp , as part of their service , installed in my living room and discovers a picture of one Joe Bock lugging the television set out the door .
The Tannahelp agent contacts Joe , informs him that Tannahelp has reason to believe he is in possession of my television set , and suggests he return it , along with an extra ten dollars to pay for Tannahelp 's time and trouble in locating Joe .
Joe replies that he has never seen my television set in his life and tells the Tannahelp agent to go to hell .
The agent points out that until Tannahelp is convinced there has been a mistake , he must proceed on the assumption that the television set is my property .
Six Tannahelp employees , all large and energetic , will be at Joe 's door next morning to collect the set .
Joe , in response , informs the agent that he also has a protection agency , Dawn Defense , and that his contract with them undoubtedly requires them to protect him if six goons try to break into his house and steal his television set .
The stage seems set for a nice little war between Tannahelp and Dawn Defense .
It is precisely such a possibility that has led some libertarians who are not anarchists , most notably Ayn Rand , to reject the possibility of competing free - market protection agencies .
But wars are very expensive , and Tannahelp and Dawn Defense are both profit - making corporations , more interested in saving money than face .
I think the rest of the story would be less violent than Miss Rand supposed .
The Tannahelp agent calls up his opposite number at Dawn Defense .
' We 've got a problem . . . .'
After explaining the situation , he points out that if Tannahelp sends six men and Dawn eight , there will be a fight .
Someone might even get hurt .
Whoever wins , by the time the conflict is over it will be expensive for both sides .
They might even have to start paying their employees higher wages to make up for the risk .
Then both firms will be forced to raise their rates .
If they do , Murbard Ltd. , an aggressive new firm which has been trying to get established in the area , will undercut their prices and steal their customers .
There must be a better solution .
The man from Tannahelp suggests that the better solution is arbitration .
They will take the dispute over my television set to a reputable local arbitration firm .
If the arbitrator decides that Joe is innocent , Tannahelp agrees to pay Joe and Dawn Defense an indemnity to make up for their time and trouble .
If he is found guilty , Dawn Defense will accept the verdict ; since the television set is not Joe's , they have no obligation to protect him when the men from Tannahelp come to seize it .
What I have described is a very makeshift arrangement .
In practice , once anarcho - capitalist institutions were well established , protection agencies would anticipate such difficulties and arrange contracts in advance , before specific conflicts occurred , specifying the arbitrator who would settle them .
In such an anarchist society , who would make the laws ?
On what basis would the private arbitrator decide what acts were criminal and what their punishments should be ?
The answer is that systems of law would be produced for profit on the open market , just as books and bras are produced today .
There could be competition among different brands of law , just as there is competition among different brands of cars .
In such a society there might be many courts and even many legal systems .
Each pair of protection agencies agree in advance on which court they will use in case of conflict .
Thus the laws under which a particular case is decided are determined implicitly by advance agreement between the protection agencies whose customers are involved .
In principle , there could be a different court and a different set of laws for every pair of protection agencies .
In practice , many agencies would probably find it convenient to patronize the same courts , and many courts might find it convenient to adopt identical , or nearly identical , systems of law in order to simplify matters for their customers .
Before labelling a society in which different people are under different laws chaotic and unjust , remember that in our society the law under which you are judged depends on the country , state , and even city in which you happen to be .
Under the arrangements I am describing , it depends instead on your protective agency and the agency of the person you accuse of a crime or who accuses you of a crime .
In such a society law is produced on the market .
A court supports itself by charging for the service of arbitrating disputes .
Its success depends on its reputation for honesty , reliability , and promptness and on the desirability to potential customers of the particular set of laws it judges by .
The immediate customers are protection agencies .
But the protection agency is itself selling a product to its customers .
Part of that product is the legal system , or systems , of the courts it patronizes and under which its customers will consequently be judged .
Each protection agency will try to patronize those courts under whose legal system its customers would like to live .
Consider , as a particular example , the issue of capital punishment .
Some people might feel that the risk to themselves of being convicted , correctly or incorrectly , and executed for a capital crime outweighed any possible advantages of capital punishment .
They would prefer , where possible , to patronize protection agencies that patronized courts that did not give capital punishment .
Other citizens might feel that they would be safer from potential murderers if it was known that anyone who murdered them would end up in the electric chair .
They might consider that safety more important than the risk of ending up in the electric chair themselves or of being responsible for the death of an innocent accused of murder .
They would , if possible , patronize agencies that patronized courts that did give capital punishment .
If one position or the other is almost universal , it may pay all protection agencies to use courts of the one sort or the other .
If some people feel one way and some the other , and if their feelings are strong enough to affect their choice of protection agencies , it pays some agencies to adopt a policy of guaranteeing , whenever possible , to use courts that do not recognize capital punishment .
They can then attract anti-capital - punishment customers .
Other agencies do the opposite .
Disputes between two anti-capital - punishment agencies will , of course , go to an anti-capital - punishment court ; disputes between two pro-capital - punishment agencies will go to a pro-capital - punishment court .
What would happen in a dispute between an anti-capital - punishment agency and a pro-capital - punishment agency ?
Obviously there is no way that if I kill you the case goes to one court , but if you are killed by me it goes to another .
We cannot each get exactly the law we want .
We can each have our preferences reflected in the bargaining demands of our respective agencies .
If the opponents of capital punishment feel more strongly than the proponents , the agencies will agree to no capital punishment ; in exchange , the agencies that want capital punishment will get something else .
Perhaps it will be agreed that they will not pay court costs or that some other disputed policy will go their way .
One can imagine an idealized bargaining process , for this or any other dispute , as follows :
Two agencies are negotiating whether to recognize a pro- or anti-capital - punishment court .
The pro agency calculates that getting a pro-capital - punishment court will be worth $ 20,000 a year to its customers ; that is the additional amount it can get for its services if they include a guarantee of capital punishment in case of disputes with the other agency .
The anti-capital - punishment agency calculates a corresponding figure of $ 40,000 .
It offers the pro agency $ 30,000 a year in exchange for accepting an anti-capital - punishment court .
The pro agency accepts .
Now the anti-capital - punishment agency can raise its rates enough to bring in an extra $ 35,000 .
Its customers are happy , since the guarantee of no capital punishment is worth more than that .
The agency is happy ; it is getting an extra $ 5,000 a year profit .
The pro agency cuts its rates by an amount that costs it $ 25,000 a year .
This lets it keep its customers and even get more , since the savings is more than enough to make up to them for not getting the court of their choice .
It , too , is making a $ 5,000 a year profit on the transaction .
As in any good trade , everyone gains .
If you find this confusing , it may be worth the trouble of going over it again ; the basic principle of such negotiation will become important later when I discuss what sort of law an anarcho - capitalist society is likely to have .
If , by some chance , the customers of the two agencies feel equally strongly , perhaps two courts will be chosen , one of each kind , and cases allocated randomly between them .
In any case , the customer 's legal preference , his opinion as to what sort of law he wishes to live under , will have been a major factor in determining the kind of law he does live under .
It can not completely determine it , since accused and accuser must have the same law .
In the case of capital punishment , the two positions are directly opposed .
Another possibility is that certain customers may want specialized law , suited to their special circumstances .
People living in desert areas might want a system of law that very clearly defines property rights in water .
People in other areas would find such detailed treatment of this problem superfluous at best .
At worst , it might be the source of annoying nuisance suits .
Thus the desert people might all patronize one protection agency , which had a policy of always going to a court with well - developed water law .
Other agencies would agree to use that court in disputes with that agency but use other courts among themselves .
Most differences among courts would probably be more subtle .
People would find that the decisions of one court were prompter or easier to predict than those of another or that the customers of one protection agency were better protected than those of another .
The protection agencies , trying to build their own reputations , would search for the ' best ' courts .
Several objections may be raised to such free - market courts .
The first is that they would sell justice by deciding in favor of the highest bidder .
That would be suicidal ; unless they maintained a reputation for honesty , they would have no customers -- unlike our present judges .
Another objection is that it is the business of courts and legislatures to discover laws , not create them ; there cannot be two competing laws of gravity , so why should there be two competing laws of property ?
But there can be two competing theories about the law of gravity or the proper definition of property rights .
Discovery is as much a productive activity as creation .
If it is obvious what the correct law is , what rules of human interaction follow from the nature of man , then all courts will agree , just as all architects agree about the laws of physics .
If it is not obvious , the market will generate research intended to discover correct laws .
Another objection is that a society of many different legal systems would be confusing .
If this is found to be a serious problem , courts will have an economic incentive to adopt uniform law , just as paper companies have an incentive to produce standardized sizes of paper .
New law will be introduced only when the innovator believes that its advantages outweigh the advantages of uniformity .
The most serious objection to free - market law is that plaintiff and defendant may not be able to agree on a common court .
Obviously , a murderer would prefer a lenient judge .
If the court were actually chosen by the disputants after the crime occurred , this might be an insuperable difficulty .
Under the arrangements I have described , the court is chosen in advance by the protection agencies .
There would hardly be enough murderers at any one time to support their own protective agency , one with a policy of patronizing courts that did not regard murder as a crime .
Even if there were , no other protective agency would accept such courts .
The murderers ' agency would either accept a reasonable court or fight a hopeless war against the rest of society .
Until he is actually accused of a crime , everyone wants laws that protect him from crime and let him interact peacefully and productively with others .
Even criminals .
Not many murderers would wish to live under laws that permitted them to kill -- and be killed .
Speech is arguably man ’s greatest gift and simultaneously it is his most dangerous liability .
It is impossible to estimate the good speech has done when great men and women have truthfully instructed and inspired others .
At the same time we cannot measure how much evil the tongue has perpetrated when it bears falsehoods disguised as truth that have destroyed reputations and even nations .
A good and devout Christian is a person who loves their neighbor as themself .
A person who lives by example , shares the Lord with others and by living a life of example they make non-believers want to become followers of Jesus Christ – Christians .
A good Christian is Christ - like and he or she practices and teaches tolerance and is not narrow - minded nor speaks evil of others .
God loves us ALL .
Here is one such Evangelical who understands the complete philosophy of Jesus .
Christ was not a one - issue deity
He knew that the world was filled with different people who had different points - of - view but who could come together and live as one in unity for the greatest good of all mankind .
Thou shalt not hate thy brother in thine heart : thou shalt in any wise rebuke [ reason with ] thy neighbor , and not suffer sin upon him .
Thou shalt not avenge , nor bear any grudge against the children of thy people , but thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself : I am the Lord .
Leviticus 19 : 17-18 ( KJV )
Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor .
Exodus 20:16
This forbids , speaking falsely in any matter , lying , equivocating , and any way devising and designing to deceive our neighbor or others .
Obama / Biden 08 !
David Thorne did n't have the $ 233.95 to pay an overdue account .
So what did he do ?
What any other budding young genius would do , he submitted a picture of a spider he drew instead .
Unfortunately , Jane Gilles , who is clearly a mega - bitch to the nth degree , would n't accept it .
So what happened next ?
Hit the jump to find out .
But I 'll give you a hint : time travel !
And also , David 's account not getting paid .
You really want to read the rest , so hit it .
EDIT : Here 's the original page which provides a little more info .
I do not have any money so am sending you this drawing I did of a spider instead [ beyond ]
Thanks to Kenny , who knows a good drawing of a ninja turtle can settle any debt .
Updated from 1:10 p.m. EDT
U.S. stocks dropped violently Monday , as it became apparent that the credit crisis had spread beyond America into Europe and Asia .
The
Dow Jones Industrial Average
fell 738 points to 9599 , breaking well below 10,000 for the first time since October 2004 .
The
S&P 500
gave back 85 points to 1015 .
The
Nasdaq
dropped 155 points to 1793 .
In a sign of a
global financial crunch
, leaders from France , Germany , Italy and the U.K. met Saturday and agreed to coordinate efforts to prevent failures by Europe 's banking institutions .
A scramble ensued to help troubled institutions .
Germany rescued lending company
Hypo Real Estate
, and France's
BNP Paribas
said it would take over Benelux bank
Fortis NV
. Germany 's chancellor , Angela Merkel , announced that Germany would guarantee all of its private bank deposits .
On Monday , Denmark followed suit .
Back in the U.S. , the
Federal Reserve
was initiating its own plans Monday to prop up stagnant credit markets .
The central bank announced it would pay interest on bank reserves it holds and expand its term auction facilities program .
Meanwhile ,
The Wall Street Journal
said that Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson would appoint adviser
Neel Kashkari
to supervise the $ 700 billion bailout program for the financial system .
Paulson 's proposal passed the House of Representatives and was signed by President Bush on Friday .
Stocks sold off sharply shortly after the bill passed .
" What 's different today is the bailout package came and went , and it's not going to solve the problem , " said Bill Fleckenstein , hedge fund manager at Fleckenstein Capital Management .
He said the selloff into the close Friday indicated that stocks are trending lower .
" If we wind up having a crash the next couple days I would n't be surprised .
That 's what the tipoff from Friday was , " he said .
Ted Weisberg , floor trader with Seaport Securities , was less dire .
" Like getting a cold or whatever it happens to be ... sometimes you just have to let things run their course , " he said .
Fear has gotten a hold of the market and emotion is driving the market , he said .
Stocks eventually will be oversold if they have n't reached that level already , said Weisberg .
" Unfortunately , they do n't ring a bell and tell us when we 're going up , " he said .
" Market conditions like this create more opportunities than you can shake a stick at .
You just have to have a little patience . "
" We better bottom today or tomorrow , or we 're into a crash , " said Jeff Saut , managing director at Raymond James .
Saut said the market is facing a crisis of confidence right now , and that passage of the original Paulson plan , without sweeteners , would have instilled optimism into the markets .
As it is , he said , the market has lost confidence in financial institutions , the broader economy , and now the government 's ability to intervene .
" Odds are near 100 % we 're going into a recession now , " he said .
" I 'm getting calls from brokers who are getting calls from the public , who 's saying sell everything , " said Saut .
However , when the market experiences the kind of negativity seen today , it 's typically near a low , he said .
In the private sector ,
Wells Fargo
( WFC ) - Get Report
said it intended to go ahead with its purchase of
Wachovia
( WB ) - Get Report
. Wells Fargo said an appeals court vacated a ruling that extended an exclusivity agreement between
Citigroup
( C ) - Get Report
and Wachovia .
Later during the session , Citi announced a $ 60 billion lawsuit against
Wells Fargo
.
Early Monday , analysts at both Keefe Bruyette and Friedman Billings upgraded Wells Fargo to market perform from underperform .
On the home - loan front ,
Bank of America
( BAC ) - Get Report
announced it would modify about 400,000 mortgages to help borrowers who had taken out loans from
Countrywide Financial
, which BofA acquired on July 1 .
Insurance company
Hartford Financial
( HIG ) - Get Report
said it garnered a $ 2.5 billion investment from
Allianz
( AZ ) , is reducing its dividend and will register a third - quarter loss .
Money markets were strained .
Bloomberg.com
said three - month Libor , a measure of the cost of borrowing among banks , was at 4.29 % , near a high last seen in January .
Overnight Libor climbed to 2.37 % from 2 % Friday .
Outside the financials ,
Reuters
reported that
ImClone
( IMCL )
agreed to a merger with
Eli Lilly
( LLY ) - Get Report
.
Among technology stocks ,
online auctioneer eBay
( EBAY ) - Get Report
said it would be cutting its staff by 10 % and would buy online payment processor Bill Me Later .
Breadth was frightful .
Decliners were trouncing advancers 32 - to - 1 on the
New York Stock Exchange
.
On the Nasdaq , decliners were beating advancers 11 - to - 1 .
In the commodities space , the price of crude oil was down $ 4.49 to $ 89.39 a barrel , and gold climbed $ 33 to settle at $ 866.20 an ounce .
Longer - term U.S. Treasury securities were climbing in price .
The 10 - year was up 1 - 8/32 to yield 3.45 % , and the 30 - year was climbing 2-18/32 , yielding 3.95 % .
Overseas markets were broadly falling .
The FTSE in London and the Dax in Frankfurt were each down more than 7 % .
Asian exchanges
, including Japan 's Nikkei and Hong Kong 's Hang Seng , closed on the downside .
WORCESTER , Mass . 
People who live in this city ’s Greendale neighborhood love the maples that shade their streets in summer and turn beautiful colors in fall .
But most of the maples in Greendale are now painted with red dots , indicating that they will be chopped down as early as next month because of an infestation of Asian long - horned beetles that is plaguing thousands of Worcester ’s trees .
When a tornado devastated Worcester in 1953 , maples were planted as replacement trees .
“ Norway maples were readily available back then , ” said Brian Breveleri , the city ’s urban forester .
“ And they were popular because they could weather the cold . ”
But when Worcester plants new trees this time around , it will vary the type .
A tree inventory , completed in 2006 , showed that 80 percent of its street trees were maples , which the beetles find irresistible .
The city should ideally have about half as many maples .
“ Tree diversity helps prevent pests from gaining a foothold , ” said Mike Bohne , forest health group leader for the United States Forest Service .
“ It also makes it so that a community does not lose its entire urban canopy if there is an infestation . ”
Ukraine 's team compete in the women 's quadruple sculls final A at the European Rowing Championship in Marathon , a few kilometres off Athens , September 20 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Yiorgos Karahalis
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Four genetic variations appear to determine the speed at which people burn up food , researchers said on Thursday , a finding that could one day see doctors offer their patients more individual care .
Differences in metabolism can make some people more susceptible to diseases such as diabetes and explain why response to diet , exercise and drugs to treat certain conditions varies from person to person .
Knowing right away how a person ’s body will break down molecules in the blood that build up muscle and cells and provide energy could lead to better care , said Karsten Suhre , a researcher at the Helmholtz Center in Munich .
The researchers scanned the genes of 284 people and found four -- FADS1 , LIPC , SCAD and MCAD -- linked to determining metabolic rates .
“ These genes appear to be involved or play a key role in metabolism , ” Suhre said in a telephone interview .
This potentially paves the way for more personalized health care in which doctors could use knowledge of a patient ’s metabolism gleaned from their genetic make - up to determine treatment , he said .
This could prove particularly useful for treating conditions strongly linked to metabolism such as coronary artery disease and obesity , he added .
“ These findings could result in a step toward personalized healthcare and nutrition based on a combination of genoytyping and metabolic characterization , ” Suhre and colleagues wrote in the Public Library of Science Journal PLoS Genetics .
The study is available at : here .
Baidu.com has been the star of China 's internet world .
But now the search engine dubbed " China 's Google " is scrambling to rescue its reputation after state TV accused it of letting unlicensed suppliers of medical products pay for higher rankings on its results page - without alerting users .
Baidu.com 's US shares have plunged this week , including a 30 per cent drop on Monday , since the weekend TV report .
Baidu says it has suspended thousands of merchants from its paid - search service but says it broke no law .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It is a big setback for Baidu , which enjoyed a long winning streak after its 2002 launch , with profits up 91 per cent in the latest quarter and a 60 per cent market share , far ahead of Google 's Chinese site .
The new accusations are explosive at a time of public outrage in China over a string of deaths blamed on tainted milk , shoddy medicines and other faulty products .
" There 's a very low tolerance for anyone that seems to be involved in exposing consumers to health risks in China , " said Citigroup analyst Jason Brueschke .
CEO Robin Li said Baidu is trying to reassure users by requiring customers selling medical , beauty and health food products to show they are licensed in their fields before they can return to the paid - search service .
But he stressed that was not required by law and said search engines could not be expected to vouch for information on the internet .
" We are doing this because we care .
It is important to us .
We want to be a responsible corporate citizen , " Li said in a conference call with financial analysts .
Still , he said , " if I had to speculate , our traffic will be negatively affected in the short term . "
Little - known outside China , Baidu - pronounced " by doo " - is one of the world 's most - visited websites because of its dominance among China 's vast population of 253 million internet users , who celebrate a Chinese company that has faced down foreign rivals to become a leader .
Over the weekend , however , China Central Television said Baidu 's paid - search service , which lets websites pay to be listed higher among search results , allowed links to unlicensed companies that offered medical products or services .
CCTV said the sites sold treatments for cancer , sexually transmitted diseases and other ailments .
Some comments on Chinese websites criticised Baidu , with one saying , " the insiders are helping fraud ! "
But others argued that rival search engines did the same thing and said Chinese web surfers should support Baidu .
Google and other Chinese search engines do offer such paid - search services .
But a key issue is whether Baidu makes clear which websites pay to be shown at the top of the results .
Google and Baidu's Chinese rivals show paid listings in a separate box , while Baidu lists all results together , with the word " promotion " in small Chinese characters at the end of sponsored items .
" One of the things CCTV has implicitly said is that because Baidu does not clearly differentiate between what is sponsored and what is natural , the consumer runs the risk of being confused , " Brueschke said .
" If there is a muddling of that distinction , has Baidu somehow contributed to consumers ' purchasing products that harmed them ? "
Some users complain that Baidu carries so many paid items that the first page of results for some searches is entirely promotions .
Li , the CEO , said Baidu plans to change its display to make sure results are clearly labelled .
" We thought it was clear , " he said .
" But we do hear from the media from time to time that they are confused about paid and non-paid results .
So we are working on a better system to address this issue . "
Baidu 's reputation has taken other hits recently .
Web sites were full of accusations in September that Baidu was paid to suppress information on tainted milk .
Baidu responded that Sanlu Group , the dairy at the center of China 's milk scandal , had asked Baidu to exclude bad news about Sanlu from search results , but Baidu said it rejected the request .
" Baidu respects the truth and their search results reflect that commitment , " said a company statement .
Li also has denied claims that Baidu excluded websites from search results if their operators failed to pay .
And Baidu has been sued by music industry groups that say Baidu 's music - searching service links to websites that carry pirated material .
" There is an image problem but it does n't have to be terminal , " said Duncan Clark , managing director of BDA China , a technology consulting firm .
" If they mishandle this it could be a real problem . "
Workers prepare Monday for Barack Obama 's election night event in the media area of the Grant Park rally in Chicago .
( Tribune photo by Kuni Takahashi )
( photo of Ted Stevens and Sen. Susan Collins of Maine talking about having a beer on Ted ’s new front porch up there in Alaska , obviously )
Bah hahahahahahaha !
We knew the old man had it in him .
Guilty on all 7 counts .
Yep , at the end of his life we just knew he’d be the type of old guy who just says , ‘ fuck it ’ , and starts breaking the law as if he ’s trying to outdo the Palin family in abuses of power and corruption totals !
Speaking of the Palins …
….is anyone in Alaska gonna look into that swanky home the Palins built for free using the outfit who built the sports complex , you know , the sports complex that Sarah Palin as mayor of Wasilla lobbied for to the tune of $ 23 million ?
Oh boy .
I guess it ’s not okay for Sen .
Ted Stevens to take gifts and then lie about it , but it ’s okay for Caribou Barbie and her family to get their home built through the same kind of fascist type capitalism !
Spider Learns to Weave Web in Zero Gravity NASA scientists find lost other spider lurking in its box .
Nov. 20 , 2008  -- Spider No. 2 has finally been found on the International Space Station , apparently lurking somewhere in its box before finally resurfacing today .
Perhaps it overcame space adaptation sickness .
The second of two spiders accompanying the crew on the space station disappeared earlier this week , and the flight team had been hoping for it to return .
In the meantime , spider No. 1 has apparently gotten the hang of weightless weaving .
Video of the spider 's web shows a dramatic improvement in recent days .
Earlier this week the web was very tangled , with no symmetry at all .
Now it looks more like a spider 's web should look .
Spiders in space are n't new .
Two arachnids named Arabella and Anita flew to Skylab in 1973 .
Scientists were curious to see how the spiders would react in weightlessness , whether their webs be different and how would they eat and sleep .
While spiders in your house may send you scurrying for a shoe , in space they 're almost hypnotic as they struggle to weave a symmetric web in zero gravity .
Experiments with insects are an easy way for teachers across the country to get students involved in hands - on science , which is the goal of sending these two spiders , and some butterflies , into orbit on the latest shuttle mission to the space station .
Astronaut Sandy Magnus , the newest member of the space station crew , was asked how the visible spider was doing .
Mission Control : " Is it weaving an organized looking web or is it something neat to see ? "
Magnus :
" The web is more or less 3 - dimensional and it looks like it is all over the inside of the box , more of a tangled disorganized - looking web than a ' Charlotte 's Web ' kind of web . "
The spiders will return to Earth when the Space Shuttle Endeavour lands at the end of its 15 - day mission later this month .
and change of lifestyle .
system function and inducing a “ tolerance ” to the previously attacked cells .
In patients who have type 1 diabetes , GAD functions as an autoantigen and treatment with GAD could help modulate immune response and induce immune system tolerance in patients with recent onset .
Photo credit : Illustration by Rachel Meyer , Harvard Focus
Autoimmune diseases are some of the most confounding diseases that affect the human body .
Viruses , bacteria and parasites are all simple compared to the complexities and complications that arise when faced with treating an autoimmune disease .
Researchers and physicians alike are unsure of the root of most autoimmune diseases and can only guess as to what specifically triggers our immune system to turn on itself .
Treatment for most autoimmune diseases is brutal , consisting of high doses of steroids which suppress immune system function .
Although this does help against autoimmune attack , it also leaves patients vulnerable to contracting other diseases that would otherwise be fought off via normal immune function .
Autoimmune disease diagnosis is chronic and usually requires a significant amount of care Type 1 diabetes mellitus is one of these autoimmune diseases , and there may be hope for a new treatment for this condition which affects 8 % of the American population .
Based on a study conducted by researchers at the Linkoping University in Sweden , treatment with glutamic acid decarboxylase ( GAD ) in a standard vaccinecould preserved the function of beta cells from further damage by the immune system .
GAD is a known autoantigen found in significant amounts in patients with type 1 diabetes .
The study suggests that treatment with GAD could preserve beta cell function by moderating immune
head researcher and lead author of the study and his team .
Photo provided by
According to the study , “ Autoantigens may be used to induce immunologic tolerance .
Insulin and [ GAD ] are major autoantigens in patients with type 1 diabetes .
A dose finding study in patients with latent autoimmune diabetes in adults indicted that a [ n ] injection with GAD in a standard vaccine might preserve residual insulin secretion without serious adverse effects ” ( Ludvigsson et. al. )
Published in the October volume of the New England Journal of Medicine , this study is crucial to the possible production of the world ’s first diabetes vaccine .
Their results suggest that autoantigen agents could be viably utilized as an alternative treatment to treat autoimmune diseases .
Data from previous studies indicated that treatment with an autoimmune agent was possible and this notion was supported with the results found by Professor Johnny Ludvigsson , " The results show that treatment with [ GAD ] clearly has a positive effect on the course of type 1 diabetes , the most common serious , chronic disease among children , " says Ludvigsson at Linkoping University Hospital , who is first author of the article and responsible for the study .
Diabetes Vaccine :
The study , using active ingredient glutamic acid decarboxylase ( GAD ) was done in partnership with Diamyd Medical , who provided the GAD used in the study .
The study found that two injections of GAD will preserve beta cell function by adjusting immune modulation .
“ In our study , GAD induced an antigen - specific T - cell population with a broad range of cytokines involved in the regulatory process of the immune system .
The treatment also induced a long - lasting , specific B - cell memory .
Thus , modulation
of the general memory immune responses to GAD could be responsible for the beta- cell preservation ” ( Ludvigsson et. al. )
This was most effect in patients who had been recently diagnosed with type 1 diabetes .
Essentially , the treatment worked best in patients whose symptoms had started occurring within the past six months .
exhibiting pre-diabetic symptoms .
with type 1 diabetes within the last three months .
Statistics showing the new cases of diabetes by age group , in the U.S. Photo credit : National Diabetes Information Clearinghouse
Type 1 diabetes mellitus is an autoimmune disease in which the body ’s immune system is triggered to attack specialized beta cells in the pancreas , which are responsible for producing insulin .
The damage incurred by the immune system on these cells stops their production of insulin .
Without insulin , uptake of glucose becomes increasingly difficult and then impossible as most or all of the beta cells are destroyed .
If glucose stays in the bloodstream for prolonged periods of time , it can have dire consequences .
Without proper uptake , the body cannot utilize the energy from the sugar to function properly .
Insulin deficiency causes starvation of cells due to the lack of sugar , but also can cause extreme dehydration , blindness , high blood pressure , life threatening diabetic ketoacidosis , kidney diseaseand over long periods of time permanent damage to organs and extremities of the body due to nerve and blood vessel damage caused by blood thickening with too much glucose .
Insulin must then be given intravenously to aide in the uptake of sugar from the bloodstream .
But without the proper insulin regulatory functions of our beta cells , the risk of introducing too much insulin ( hypoglycemia ) or too little insulin ( hyperglycemia ) is high .
Type 1 diabetes is usually diagnosed in people under 20 years old and affects 1 out of every 250 Americans .
According to the American Diabetes Association , there are 23.6 million people in the United States with diagnosed diabetes as well as another 5.7 million more who are unaware that they have diabetes .
There are an additional 57 million people in the U.S. who areDue to the positive results of this study , two other Phase III studies have been launched in Europe and the U.S. to test the vaccine on a large scale for safety and efficacy .
These studies will examine the treatment applied to children and adolescents diagnosed
The results from this study provide a new hope for the treatment and possibly prevention of type 1 diabetes .
This study also gives us a more complete understanding of the action of autoimmune diseases in general and can provide us with new approaches for treatments for other autoimmune diseases .
References :
" GAD Treatment and Insulin Secretion in Recent - Onset Type 1 Diabetes " J Ludvigsson et al. , N Engl J Med 2008;359
American Diabetes Association
Diamyd Pharmaceuticals
As soon as my plane landed in Baghdad airport earlier this month , I was struck by how much appeared to have changed since I left in March after more than three years ’ reporting in Iraq .
Flights were landing from across the Middle East — Beirut , Amman , Damascus and Dubai — bringing many Iraqis back home after the Muslim Eid al - Fitr holiday .
The dark , third world airport , packed with Iraqis still fleeing violence when I left seven months earlier , was cleaner , better lit and more efficient .
For the first time , guards were using X - ray machines to check incoming bags .
Baghdad itself had also changed .
For a city that used to shut down at 5 p.m. , it seemed to be full of life once more .
I have never seen it looking more beautiful .
Iraqis were gradually but cautiously returning to their normal lives , spending time at parks and restaurants and going out at night .
They seemed less worried about Sunni - Shi’ite conflict .
The mood amongst the Iraqi staff in the Reuters news bureau was different too .
Each one has been touched by the violence that swept the country over the past five years and most had moved their families abroad .
Many had to stay in shared rooms in the bureau because it was too dangerous to travel to and from work each day .
Now , these rooms are only occupied when employees visit from outside Baghdad .
You can sense hope in the air .
Some people attribute the drop in violence to the anti-al Qaeda Awakening — the Sunni forces that now control the once restive Sunni Arab areas .
Others link it to Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki ’s defeat of the Shi’ite Mehdi Army militia , loyal to anti-American cleric Moqtada al - Sadr .
Many Iraqis say all they wanted from a “ new democratic Iraq ” was security .
But for years after the overthrow of Saddam Hussein , even some of his opponents have yearned for the stability they felt under his rule .
Could their hopes finally be realised ?
Conversations with senior Iraqi officials in the past few days suggest the optimism may be premature .
Shi’ite , Sunni Arab and Kurdish politicians spoke of “ bad news ” ahead .
They talked of deep political divisions , and assassinations ahead of the provincial elections expected in January .
A senior Sunni Arab official , wishing me a happy Eid last week , said : “ I wish I could mean this .
Nothing has really changed since you have last visited . ”
A Shi’ite official pleaded : “ Please be careful , we are expecting lots of problems .
Do n’t be fooled by the current security situation . ”
John Murtha Admits that his Voter Base is Racist
This does n’t say much for John Murtha , does it ?
“ There is no question that western Pennsylvania is a racist area . ”
This man just threw a whole cross section of people under the bus .
Is n’t it called stereotyping when you do or say something like this ?
Have n’t we been told over and over again that it is wrong to stereotype people ?
One does have to wonder though , if his base is racist , than what do they see in Murtha that they like ?
Maybe he is too .
Honda Motor Co. , which brought us the ASIMO robot , jet airplanes , and , oh yes , reliable cars and trucks , is testing out a revolutionary new vehicle .
Honda calls it a walking assist device and says it is designed to help elderly folks and others who need help walking .
The device may also aid factory workers , who must walk and assume crouching positions throughout the workday .
The device is powered by two electric motors , which are charged by lithium ion batteries .
Sort of like an electric car , but with shoes instead of wheels .
There 's no word on what the device might cost if Honda decides to put it into production after the testing process .
MIKE
Huckabee will have gays on the war path when his new book , “ Do the Right Thing , ” hits stores next week .
“ [ Heterosexual ] marriage matters . . . nothing in our society matters more , ” writes the ex-Arkansas governor , whom some see as the GOP front - runner to take on Barack Obama in 2012 .
“ Our true strength does n’t come from our military or our gross national product ; it comes from our families .
What ’s the point of keeping the terrorists at bay in the Middle East if we ca n’t keep decline and decadence at bay here at home ? ”
Many people assume that I do n't like income taxes because I am frugal .
This is not the case .
I despise income tax because I believe them to be immoral .
This may be blasphemous to some Libertarians , but I think that a certain level of taxation is necessary and must be allowed in order for the federal government to fulfill its Constitutional responsibilities .
The level of this taxation should be proportional to what is actually needed to perform its legitimate , Constitutional functions .
Now where me and many other Libertarians will agree is my feeling that a progressive income tax is unethical and immoral way to collect such taxes .
I am certain that most people would agree that stealing would not be considered a moral act , even if what was stolen was given to someone who needed it more than its original owner .
Imagine someone walking into your home and taking $ 10,000 off your table , walking out the door , and giving your $ 10,000 to someone else .
There are few who would stand for this , but every year we allow the federal government to essentially do the same thing with little more than a grumble on tax day .
We would fight off a burglar in our home , but do nothing to fight off the government burglar who pilfers from our coffers .
Now some may say that this analogy is absurd since by living within the border of the U.S. you have consented to the taking of your money .
I would agree that by living somewhere you are essentially signing a contract , but the contract of the U.S. , the Constitution , has long ago been voided by the federal government 's breach of that contract .
If they do not act within the authority given to them by our most sacred contract , then I have not consented to them taking my money .
So how can taxes be collected in a moral manner ?
A moral tax would need to be neither progressive or regressive , but instead neutral and then that revenue would need to used to further “ legitimate government interest ” within the limits of power and authority granted by the Constitution .
I believe sales tax on all end products except for food , housing , some transportation , and a short list of other necessities , would be the most neutral of taxes .
Such taxes would end the need for a progressive tax and would end the embedded regressive taxes that we all pay .
Since the federal government 's true authority lies in maintaining a safe and secure marketplace , those who consumed the most from this marketplace would pay the most for the federal government 's service .
A poor family who benefits the least from the marketplace would pay the least for the federal government 's service .
Those who wished not to pay taxes would be able to opt out by not consuming .
It only counts as a contract if you have some reasonable way of not signing that contract .
A sales tax would create a continuously renewed contract .
Each time you consumed you would basically be resigning the contract with the government .
If the federal government acted within its actual Constitutional power and authority , the individual states and local municipalities would be able to create a more efficient social contract , one that citizens could give their informed consent to .
If an individual state or local government believed a progressive tax was necessary to provide for the basic welfare of its citizens it could do so as long as it was acting within the power and authority granted to them by their state constitution or local charter .
While I believe it to be impossible to give informed consent to such things on the federal level , I do not think it is impossible on a smaller scale .
On a smaller scale you can hold the state or local government accountable for any breach of the contract or you could remove you informed consent by moving to a different state or municipality .
I underline informed because I believe consent does not exist without being informed consent .
The actions of the federal government are often to far removed from our lives for us to hold them accountable and without accountability there can be no informed consent and therefore no consent at all .
That is why we have the Constitution .
As long as the federal government acts within the confines of the authority and power granted by the Constitution , than as citizens have given our informed consent .
They have not done so in a very long time , so anything they take is without consent and therefore it is stealing and immoral .
New York CityPASS is rated 4.5 out of 5 by 16336 .
Rated 5 out of 5 by AnnPinheiro from Definitely worth it I was in New York for four days last year and did n't have much time to plan the visit ahead .
CityPASS was a great helper for me since I did n't have to book the main attractions by myself , which made me save time and money and enjoy the trip without stress !
Also , the translations available on the website were very useful .
Definitely using CityPASS again next time .
Rated 5 out of 5 by analuca from Cancelación de mi vuelo Compré nuestras CityPASS C3 NY en Enero para nuestras vacaciones de Septiembre , después ... ya sabéis todos lo que ha pasado .
Mi compañía aérea canceló el vuelo así que no podremos hacer nuestro viaje .
He mandado un correo con toda la documentación y CityPASS me ha devuelto todo el importe de las entradas .
Quiero dar las gracias por la rapidez y la respuesta .
En cuanto podamos hacer el viaje volveré a confiar en vosotros .
Un saludo , ANA .
Rated 4 out of 5 by Marie1094 from Worth the price I bought City Pass for my first time in New - York to do all the essentiels monuments and I do n't regret it !
Just make sure you have enough time to do all of them ( I had 8 days in New - York and I had enough time to do the 6 attractions ) .
Rated 5 out of 5 by Clyde from Could n't Be Happier With Experience
My wife purchased and although we were only in N.Y .
City for 5 day we took it all in .
Was very pleased .
Rated 5 out of 5 by Fabri1964 from Absolutely beneficial I purchased two CityPasses for my recent trip to NY ; the tickets arrived quickly .
During the visits to the various attractions I found no problems and in some cases I avoided the queue .
Furthermore , the expense incurred was less than I would have spent on each individual visit .
Well done .
Rated 5 out of 5 by Robbi1230 from Great value !
We did a lot of research on what was the best pass to buy .
The city pass kept coming out on top and suited what we needed perfectly .
We had no issues getting in to all the attractions and as we were in NYC for 2 weeks we could take our time :-) the only thing it did n’t include was the bus out to Woodbury common but we just bought a seperate ticket for that which is totally recommended !
It would have also been nice to be able to add attractions but they do offer discounts on the either / or attraction choices .
Eat to use mobile ticket option as well .
Definitely recommend this pass !!
Rated 5 out of 5 by Alex from Must have for first - time visitors I had a great time using the CityPASS , it was recommended to me by a friend and I 'm glad I followed his advice .
I like how I was free to visit the attractions at my own pace .
I was in NY for 4 days but I never felt rushed to see all the attractions .
Will definitely be using it at another city !
Rated 4 out of 5 by StevieAsp from Was perfect for what we needed No queuing , easy to use , flexible .
Just returned and used the CityPass as a way of guiding us on the rest of our trip , it was a perfect holiday .
Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Simply great Bought a city pass for my new York trip in February and I simply loved it !
It was amazing never had to wait in line and never failed to work scanning this bar code .
Highly recommend if you want to have fun , see new things and never have to worry too by tickets .
Great work !
I tested OpenSolaris earlier this year shortly after the developers announced the project 's first official release .
Although I was impressed with the ease of installation and several other aspects of the user experience , I also pointed out several areas where there was room for improvement .
In order to compete with Linux on the desktop , I argued , OpenSolaris has to make its innovative features more accessible to regular end users .
One particularly impressive enhancement that helps achieve that goal is the new ZFS snapshot visualization functionality that will be included in the next major release of OpenSolaris .
The ZFS filesystem , which is used by OpenSolaris , offers some advantages over Linux - based filesystems .
It has built - in support for snapshots , which can be used to preserve the current state of the filesystem .
Users can create a snapshot from the command line and then roll the filesystem back to the point at which the snapshot was made .
This is a very useful capability , but it was previously only accessible from the command line .
Support for this feature is being integrated into GNOME 's Nautilus file manager so that users can take advantage of it without having to open a terminal window or learn the ZFS administrative commands .
The system will use the ZFS Automatic Snapshot service to capture filesystem snapshots at timed intervals .
In folders that have backup snapshots available , a restore icon will be displayed in the Nautilus toolbar .
Clicking on the toolbar button will activate a timeline slider that lets the user go back in time .
Users can then browse prior versions of directory contents by dragging the slider .
The user can restore individual files and folders from the backup by right - clicking the items and selecting " Restore to desktop " .
According to a recent blog entry about the new feature , the developers plan to eventually build a more visually rich user interface for it using the Clutter toolkit .
They could also add a restore tab to the file properties dialog .
Raw Story
College senior Kyla Berry was looking forward to voting in her first presidential election , even carrying her voter registration card in her wallet .
But about two weeks ago , Berry got disturbing news from local election officials .
“ This office has received notification from the state of Georgia indicating that you are not a citizen of the United States and therefore , not eligible to vote , ” a letter from the Fulton County Department of Registration and Elections said .
But Berry is a U.S. citizen , born in Boston , Massachusetts .
She has a passport and a birth certificate to prove it .
Berry is one of more than 50,000 registered Georgia voters who have been “ flagged ” because of a computer mismatch in their personal identification information .
At least 4,500 of those people are having their citizenship questioned and the burden is on them to prove eligibility to vote .
Experts say lists of people with mismatches are often systematically cut , or “ purged , ” from voter rolls .
Vodpod videos no longer available .
I ’d be curious to know what percentage of these ‘ purged ’ voters are minorities , are Democrats , and what percentage are Republicans .
There are over 660,000 new registered voters in Ohio , with attempts at purging over 200,000 of those new voters .
Again , I would wonder about the same breakdown ..
We are not even talking about voter caging and voting machines with no paper trails that “ accidently ” flip votes ..
This is happening all over the US right now in an attempt to prevent Americans from casting their votes .
That does not represent a “ democracy ’ .
Watch this series of videos interviewing Stephen Spoonamore .
Seriously .
Then read “ Block The Vote ” and watch the videos by Robert Kennedy Jr. and Greg Palast .
Read : A Mighty Hoax From ACORN Grows by Michael Winship ( Truthout ) .
The truth on all of these dirty tricks must come out , something must be done , so we can restore the American peoples ’ right to vote in this country , and restore the trust in – and integrity of – our elections .
: : : : : : : : : :
There 's just nothing like the holiday season , folks .
That warm , fuzzy feeling you get when spending your last dollar on a gift for someone you are n't even that fond of -- really , what else can compare ?
On second thought , maybe this can .
Microsoft has just announced that , beginning today , Zune Pass users will be able to select ten tracks per month to keep forever ( and ever , and ever ) , and the $ 14.99 monthly subscription rate is n't headed up .
Agreements have been miraculously nailed down between Microsoft and EMI Music , Sony BMG Music , Universal Music Group and Warner Music Group , not to mention a number of independent distributors .
We must say , we certainly appreciate the gesture here , but is it enough to make fencesitters buy in ?
What say you ?
The number of compromised zombie PCs in botnet networks has quadrupled over the last three months , according to figures from the Shadowserver Foundation .
Shadowserver tracks botnet activity and the number of command and control servers .
It uses a variety of metrics to slice and dice its figures based in part on the entropy of botnet infections .
The clear trend within these figures is upwards , with a rise in botnet numbers of 100,000 to 400,000 ( if 30 day entropy is factored into equations ) or from 20,000 to 60,000 ( for five day entropy ) .
Entropy of botnets is calculated on the basis that if no activity is seen from a specific IP for a number of days - either 30 , 10 or five - then it is removed from the botnet count .
Shadowserver figures suggest the number of command and control servers has actually decreased over the last month , following a spike in activity back in July .
Security watchers at the Internet Storm Centre have a number of explanations for the rise in the zombie population .
It could be that experienced botnet herders have got better at keeping control of compromised machines , or that more machines have been infected .
Not much by way of email malware activity has been monitored , so if the latter explanation is true , then drive - by download attacks are playing a bigger role in spreading botnet client infestation .
The recent rise in SQL injection attacks that plant malicious scripts on vulnerable servers could be to blame , but there 's no hard data to support this plausible theory .
Improved detection of web - based attacks may be needed to gauge the extent of the problem , according to security watchers at the Internet Storm Centre .
" We are very good at tracking email - based malware ( including lead - the - user - to - the - bad - website variety ) and certainly network based attacks , " writes ISC staffer John Bambenek .
" Short of spidering the web on a consistent basis , it gets difficult to find infected sites for that malware .
We at the ISC , and I 'm sure many others , are working on ways to honeypot pure web - based attacks to capture this malware , but much work is left to be done . " ®
BANGKOK ( Reuters ) - Diehard protesters occupying the Thai prime minister ’s offices brushed off a grenade attack that killed one person and wounded 23 on Thursday , saying they would continue their three - month sit -in to oust the government .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
Minutes after the suspected M - 79 grenade dropped from a tent awning onto sleeping protesters at 3:30 a.m. , the movement ’s own satellite television showed others dancing to live music on a stage only meters away .
The explosion , the fourth and the most serious assault on the People ’s Alliance for Democracy ( PAD ) , drew more people to the Government House protest zone to offer their support to a hard core of a few hundred .
“ When I heard of the death , I decided to come with friends to support my colleagues here in ousting the government , ” said one well - dressed woman in her early 30s who declined to given her name .
Otherwise it was business as usual at the once - ornate compound that is now entirely covered by tents apart from a few patches of border dedicated to growing rice .
HIGH -VOLUME INVECTIVE
As normal , speakers took to the stage to deliver torrents of high - volume invective against Thaksin and his brother - in - law , Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat , whom they accuse of running a puppet administration .
At entry points to the compound , PAD sentries checked visitors ’ bags for weapons .
In previous protests , PAD security guards have shown themselves to be armed .
A computer repairman in his 50s who had not gone back to sleep since the explosion said he would not be going home .
“ I was afraid when the first or second bombs were thrown at us , but I am now indifferent to those threats , ” he said .
Opinion polls have shown waning support for the PAD in the last month , in large part because of the royalist movement ’s refusal to dismantle street barricades to allow royal motorcades past for last weekend ’s cremation of the king ’s sister .
However , many continue to see their campaign as the last line of defense against a Thaksin plot -- vehemently denied -- to unseat Thailand ’s revered monarchy , and some said they were prepared to lay down their lives for the cause .
“ It would be honorable to die here rather than being killed in a road accident , ” said one woman in her 40s from Trang province , 830 km ( 510 miles ) south of Bangkok .
I think we just found our Patron Saint .
More after the jump .
You can also follow @baconman on Twitter .
Because that makes total sense .
Is it bad form to post bacon on Rosh Hashanah ?
I never know with these things .
During the review process prior to the release of LittleBigPlanet , it has been brought to our attention that one of the background music tracks licensed from a record label for use in the game contains two expressions that can be found in the Qur’an .
We have taken immediate action to rectify this and we sincerely apologize for any offense that this may have caused .
We will begin shipping LittleBigPlanet to retail in North America the week of October 27th .
Sorry for the delay , and rest assured , we are doing everything we can to get LittleBigPlanet to you as soon as possible .
McCain took Palin foreign policy advice ' many times ' David Edwards , Nick Cargo and Mike Sheehan
Published : Wednesday October 1 , 2008
Print This Email This GOP gov. : Palin does n't have chip on shoulder like some female politicians ; Bill Clinton : Next VP needs diplomacy chops
John McCain told NPR 's Steve Inskeep that he has turned to his running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , for foreign policy advice " many times " and would n't trust Sens. Obama and Biden because " they 've been wrong . "
" They were wrong about Iraq , they were wrong about Russia , " he said .
Palin's experience as governor of Alaska as it pertains to energy will help her work with the international energy market , McCain said .
" She 's been responsible in taking on the oil companies , and we now are going to have a $ 40 billion natural gas pipeline .
She has oversighted [ sic ] the natural gas and oil and natural resources of the State of Alaska . "
" I'm very proud of her , " McCain added , " and proud of the knowledge and background that she has , and she 's also been the governor of - - of a state . "
There 's talk that goes on at venues such as " Georgetown cocktail parties " about certain governors being unqualified for higher office , McCain said , such as Ronald Reagan and one " obscure governor from Arkansas . "
McCain made his curious assertion about taking Palin 's advice numerous times despite his own campaign 's revelation that he'd only met her once before deciding to make her his running mate .
NPR has more details here .
The following audio is from NPR , broadcast on October 1 , 2008 .
Download audio
Barbour contradicts McCain , praises ' normal ' females
" Regular people " are n't becoming more skeptical of Gov. Palin after listening to her speak , said Haley Barbour , Mississippi governor and longtime friend of Sen. McCain , to KYTV .
That 's just the " news people 's perception . "
The media are the skeptics , and the people " liked what they saw , " Barbour insisted .
" We 'll see how she does in the debate . "
" My wife loves her because ... she does n't have a chip on her shoulder like some women politicians , she is very ' normal ' -- she does n't have to tell you how smart she is .
But she is a bonafide energy expert ... Sarah Palin knows more about energy policy than the other three put together . "
Palin would n't have much work to do in foreign policy as Vice President , Barbour added , but just like Mississippi is more " sensitive " to hurricanes , for example , than Kansas , Alaska might be more " sensitive , " he went on , to our " Cold War opponent " Russia by being closer to its border .
KY3
News political notebook blog has more details here .
This video is from KYTV , broadcast October 1 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Clinton says next veep must have foreign policy smarts
Former President Bill Clinton said that the next Vice President will need to have a greater role in foreign policy .
" Now , Senator Obama has spoken a lot about how we ought to relate to the world and , yes , he 'll get out and travel some in the first year and we should want him to do it , " Clinton told an audience in Orlando , Florida .
" But he is going to have to be really focused on fixing this economy .
That means that the role of the vice president in repairing quickly our relations in the rest of the world will be relatively more important in the first two years of the next presidency . "
This video is from CNN.com , broadcast October 1 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
The face of Kevin Pietersen , the England cricket captain , stares belligerently from the page of a Sunday colour magazine .
He is advertising a wristwatch .
" Unstoppable " is the ad's tagline – a little unfortunately , considering the England team 's wretched recent performances – " Unstoppable .
Kevin Pietersen is .
So is his Citizen Eco - Drive .
Fuelled by light , it never needs a battery . "
You think : when was the last time you owned a watch that needed a battery – or , indeed , a winding mechanism ?
But you do n't stop to consider .
You gaze at the model on display which , to give it its full name , is the Citizen Eco - Drive Skyhawk A - T Flight Chronograph Titanium .
The actual object looks , to the ignorant eye , a polytechnological mess of random numbers , calibrated white lines , mini-dials , international time - zones , a swivelling " bezel " , something that looks like the altimeter on a 767 airliner , and a couple of cut - out sections whose function is entirely inscrutable .
Somewhere in this blizzard of two - tone ( orange and black ) techno - bollocks , there 's a big hand and a little hand which together tell you that it 's 10 past 10 o'clock .
Everything else , all the names and numbers and nubbly metallic bits ' n ' bobs that stud its innocent round face , seem to be a collection of redundant special effects which together suggest that , should you buy this charming object , you 'll instantly be taken by business associates and sexually aroused women for a sophisticated , internationally minded , jet - setting , environmentally aware , " unstoppable " sportsman - cum - scientist whose job requires split - second timing and to whom the flight controls of a Skyhawk A - T ( whatever that may be ) hold no surprises .
It 's quite a complex package of codes , the modern wristwatch advert .
And they 're everywhere .
Breitling , the Swiss watch company , takes colour displays on the front pages of the serious papers , and buys double - page spreads in the magazines to sing the praises of its Navitimer World Chronograph ( " Here at Breitling , we are driven by a single passion , a single obsession : to create ultra-reliable instrument watches for the most demanding professionals " ) .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The new Bond movie , Quantum of Solace , has given the Omega brand a boost , and its adverts are filled with the craggy face of Daniel Craig – who plays , of course , an extremely " demanding professional " .
In the glossy style - mag world , the watch market is so lucrative , it justifies dedicated advertising supplements .
Vanity Fair , GQ and the New York Times magazine all carry these 60 - page specials crammed with recondite fancy brands alongside the famous old marques : Girard - Perregaux , Rolex , Vacheron Constantin , DeWitt , Guy Ellia , Corum , FP Journe , Zenith , Chopard , Tag Heuer , Hublot , Blancpain , Mont Blanc , Audemars Piguet , Patek Philippe , Jaeger - LeCoultre ....
They mostly feature handsome , Brosnan - esque tough guys staring grimly into the distance , images of racing yachts , fast cars , musical instruments .
Or they feature the watches themselves , photographed in extreme , monstrous close - up , a kind of flagrant chrono - pornography .
Alongside Damien
Hirst 's spot paintings and bisected livestock , watches seem to bear a charmed life in recessionary times .
At Compagnie Financière Richemont , the ritzy jewellery - and - timepiece group that owns Cartier , Van Cleef & Arpels , IWC and Jaeger LeCoultre , watch sales went up by 12 per cent in the first six months of the 2008 fiscal year : that means revenue of just over $ 1bn , from sales of existing models and avant - garde new styles , the sort that get shown off at international salons in Geneva .
It 's a trend that seems to be broadly replicated across the fancy - watch universe .
What , we might legitimately wonder , is going on ?
What is it about the chunky wristwatch that makes men ( and sometimes women ) ache and drool to possess them , spend a small fortune to acquire them and gravely pass them on to succeeding generations like sacred talismans ?
For years , we 've been told that certain gold watches are " status symbols " – but we 're over that now , are n't we ?
" It 's an industry that 's primarily concerned with safeguarding traditional ways and people 's livelihoods , " says Nicholas Foulkes , who has written on watches for 20 years and edits the Vanity Fair supplement , On Time , " because the Swiss watch industry was effectively killed off by the digital boom .
At the start of the 1970s , there were 90,000 people employed by Swiss watch firms ; by the beginning of the 1980s , 60,000 of them had lost their jobs because of electronic imports from the Far East .
Old - style watches suddenly seemed quaint and irrelevant like Morris dancing or narrow - boating .
But in the early 1980s , the renaissance began when a man called Jean - Claude Biver revived an 18th - century firm called Blancpain .
The heads of other companies like Patek Philippe decided that , even if the mainstream was into disposable electronic timepieces , there would always be a market interested in beautiful , complicated , collectable mechanical watches . "
One watch firm that rode out the rollercoaster of fortune was Rolex , probably the best - known name in watches worldwide , and a byword in slightly tacky glamour from decades back .
Rolex celebrates its centenary this year .
By the late summer of 1908 , Hans Wilsdorf , a London - based Bavarian entrepreneur and James Davis , a watchmaker , had spent three years importing watch movements , cases and dials from Switzerland , assembling them and selling them to retailers with a space left for them to inscribe their own name .
When they decided to make their own models , Wilsdorf hit on " Rolex " for a brand name .
No one knows exactly why .
Scholars ingeniously suggest it 's a contraction of Horlogerie Exquise ( " beautiful watchmaking " ) , others insist that it's an onomatopoeic word suggesting a winding motion .
Those in a position to know insist that Wilsdorf merely " wanted a name that was short and easy to pronounce in any language " .
Watch design dates back to the 1780s , but Wilsdorf was a pioneer of display .
In the early years of the 20th century , watches were mostly still carried in pockets , especially the fob pocket of a waistcoat .
Wilsdorf was determined that the watch of the future should be strapped on to a wrist .
A century of male status - flashing and wristy wealth display began with his innovations .
Modern watch marketers ' deranged obsession with ever - more - accurate timekeeping can be seen to date back to 1901 , when Wilsdork took three of the watches made by his employers to the Neuchâtel Observatory and found out what was needed if you wanted to get a chronometer certificate .
He later put all Rolex products through rigorous tests , and won , not just a Swiss certificate , but a Class A certificate from the Kew Observatory in London .
This was the gold standard of timing accuracy – the perfect timing demanded of a Deck Watch on a naval battleship – transferred to a small metal object that anyone could wear on their lower arm .
He exploited the watch markets of the British colonies and the Far East where , because of the hot weather , most men could n't wear waistcoats and consequently had no watch pocket .
But ordinary watches in the tropics were at risk from high temperatures , humidity and sand , so Wilsdorf needed a watch that nothing could get into .
So he bought the patent of a screw - down case , refashioned it , and called it the " Oyster " .
The name was a nod towards the trouble he tended to experience when getting into real oysters , even using an oyster knife .
Next came the discovery , or rather the refinement , of the self - winding watch .
There had been self - winding clocks since the 1790s , but Wilsdorf asked his chief designer , Aegler , to miniaturise the technology , and patented his first automatic watch in 1929 .
The actual model did n't arrive until 1933 .
It was called the Perpetual , as in perpetual motion .
" Rolex Oyster Perpetual " – such a mouthful of grandiose brand naming .
And it was only the start .
A flood of fancy nomenclature spread the Rolex name in several directions at once .
The Prince range was born , which begat the Classic , the Brancard , the Railway and the Sporting ( a watch for golfers . )
In 1954 at the Basel Fair , the Rolex Watch Company launched a swathe of new models which still make up the glittering sweetie shop of Rolex merchandise : the Explorer , the Submariner , the Turn - O - Graph , the Milgauss and the Lady 's Perpetual Chronometer .
Wilsdorf 's other field of expertise was celebrity endorsement .
It started out in October 1927 , when an English swimmer called Mercedes Gleitze swam the Channel in 15 hours .
A hoaxer claimed to have performed the same feat in a faster time , so Mercedes decided to have another go .
Wilsdorf got to hear about it and offered her a new Rolex watch with a nine - carat gold case if she 'd take it on her record - challenging swim .
The lady agreed , but sensibly decided to wear it on a chain around her neck – and a big Rolex advertisement appeared on the front page of the Daily Mail , pointing out that it had endured " over 10 hours " in the Channel without mishap .
Over the years , umpteen movie and sports personalities have endorsed Rolexes ( the current superstar fan is Roger Federer , with his pink - and - silver Oyster Perpetual DateJust ) but the watches hold an unshiftable place in cultural history .
When Marilyn Monroe wanted to indicate the strength of her feelings for President John F Kennedy , she gave him a gold Rolex inscribed " Jack , my love as always , Marilyn , May 29th 1962 " .
It was later auctioned and fetched $ 120,000 .
When Joanne Woodward wanted to curb her husband Paul Newman 's reckless quest for speed , she gave him a Rolex Cosmograph Daytona with the words " Drive Slowly – Joanna " engraved on the back .
In the early James Bond movies up to On Her Majesty 's Secret Service , agent 007 wears a Rolex Submariner .
( In the Ian Fleming books , which are full of brand names , Bond 's choice of watch goes unremarked – but there 's an enthusiastic description of a Girard - Perregaux gold watch " designed for people who like gadgets " and owned by a Smersh assassin , on the first page of From Russia With Love . )
When Jack Bauer , played by Kiefer Sutherland , faced off against Marwan the terrorist in the fourth season of 24 , he wore a Rolex Submariner , or did until it was smashed to bits against a pillar .
When OJ Simpson broke into a Las Vegas hotel room in September last year and demanded , at gunpoint , the return of his belongings , the most important ( after his Hall of Fame certificate ) was his old Rolex .
Rolex worship extends also to a startlingly beautiful book , 100 Superlative Rolex Watches , a 265 - page extravaganza of watch - adoration , lovingly hand - tooled in squishy leather and retailing at £ 99.99 .
It 's almost the definition of a labour of love – page after page of Rolexes from the earliest days to the most recent , each photographed in freakishly precise close - up against a black background ; the opposite page offers four smaller pictures of especially fine movements , luminous dials , characterful designs or special features ( such as the extremely beautiful 18 - carat gold watches with cloisonné enamel dials , made in the early 1950s at massive expense ) .
The photographer is one John Goldberger , a vintage watch connoisseur for 25 years , who chooses to be photographed so that you can see only the back of his head .
Very private people , these watch nuts .
Watches can , then , be things of considerable beauty .
But does that explain the quality of male obsession with the things ?
Ask the premier league of watchmakers why they wear them , and they writhe with pretension .
" To wear a watch such as a [ Chanel ] J12 is to be ' in ' , to live to the beat of an eternal modernity , " says Philippe Mougenot , president of Chanel Watch and Fine Jewellery .
" In addition to being a luxurious accessory that enhances my wardrobe every day , my watch communicates my preference for the finer things in life , " remarks Jan-Patrick Schmitz , president and CEO of Montblanc , not at all pompously .
" I wear a watch because it's an object that conveys many of the dearest values I care for : beauty , human genius , the ability to miniaturise , the complexity , the elegance , the emotional power , " observed Jerome de Witt of DeWitt watches .
" For most men , it 's the only jewellery they 'll permit themselves to wear , " says Nick Foulkes .
" And the question of authenticity is important .
In an age when you can read the time off your phone or the fridge , and you do n't need a watch to tell the time , it 's good to be embracing what 's effectively 200 - year - old technology .
The watch industry is a very conservative one .
If you look in auction catalogues , the important watches , the ones which sell in six figures , are the ones with some authenticity , some back - story about them , rather than meretricious gimmickry . "
He refuses to commit himself to a favourite make ( " It 's like asking which is the best contemporary art to have on your wall " ) but is clearly smitten by the Audemars Piguet range .
" They did a special - edition model for Bill Clinton , " he says , wonderingly .
It 's often been a source of wonder , to the ordinary consumer of timepieces , that Rolex and its peers charge anything from £ 30,000 to £ 100,000 for their models ' ability to endure conditions of heat , cold and water pressure that their owners are wholly unlikely to meet in their entire lives .
Were n't all the bezels and chronographic precision testing and undersea decompression timings fantastically irrelevant to the lives of most watch - wearers ?
" Well , yes , Rolex makes a Rolex DeepSea which can survive a depth of 3,900 metres below sea level , but you 'd probably be dead if you went down lower than 80 metres .
But then , which of us needs a car that goes at 200 m ph ?
These are things you buy for reasons other than those stated on the tin . "
To sum up , then .
People buy expensive watches in considerable numbers to tell the world they 're rich , to show they 've got class , to show they 're impressed by authentic , traditional artisan skills , to pass something on to their children , to embrace the past , to live in the beat of an eternal modernity .
Seldom will anyone mention their need for split - second timing , or for knowing the time in Kuala Lumpur .
The wristwatch remains vitally important to men , not because the makers ' advertisements sell their innate masculinity , but because watches are themselves advertisements of yourself – not with gold and jewellery ( the bling revolution is dead and gone ) but with the gorgeous face of a Jaeger LeCoultre , which tells the world you are a sensitive ( and rich ) bon viveur or the glorious brashness of the Montblanc Nicolas Rieussec Chronograph , which informs the immediate company that you 're a flash sort of cove with a sense of vaudeville .
And that you 've no intention of ever being taken for Kevin Pietersen .
Note : Spoilers ahead , if you have n’t seen it .
This is an essay , not a review .
Originally published on Writing Up some time ago .
Synopsis :
In this movie , a man dresses up as a bat in order to fight ninjas .
Commentary :
The central question of the movie is “ What is Justice ? ”
The movie gives us two answers to this question : one is Katie Holmes ’ District Attorney ’s simple pronouncement that “ Justice is n’t Vengeance . ”
That would seem to be the essential difference between Bruce Wayne ( Christian Bale ) & Ra ’s Al Ghul ( Liam Neeson ) ’s characters : Liam Neeson blames something for the death of his wife ; his want to destroy the city means he has confused justice and vengeance .
Christian Bale ’s loss of family led him to what is truly justice , as he rejected vengeance as something worth having .
But that answer is too simple to explain everything that goes on in the movie , starting with the part where Batman leaves Ra ’s Al Ghul to die .
“ I do n’t have to save you ” seems a pretty cold act , even if it is n’t directly killing .
The truly just man does no harm , and regrets deeply that any harm has to happen .
Slick one - liners do n’t quite make Batman perfectly just , in one sense of justice .
Further , the bad guys consistently have the best lines in the movie , the lines that ring in our heads with a seriousness that can not be dispelled .
The mob boss is a perfect example of this : responsible for killing the killer of Bruce Wayne ’s parents , thus interrupting Bruce ’s attempt at vengeance , he tells Wayne to grow up and learn that the world does n’t care what one stupid vengeful kid thinks .
Power trumps obsessing over oneself , and while both activities can said to be selfish , it is true that the desire for justice wrongly directed will always be subordinate to a criminal understanding of the world , which exerts power , ironically enough , because it is more dispassionate .
The real answer to the question lies in the movie ’s development of the theme of fear .
The bad guys speak about this both directly and indirectly : Ra ’s Al Ghul is the one who has mastered fear , and in teaching Bruce Wayne , his entire education is about overcoming fear .
When Al Ghul says invisibility is a product of patience and agility , he means that control of fear is an active and passive phenomenon : one must be agile so as not to be seen , and thus not provoke another ’s fear ; one must be patient so one does n’t give oneself away because of fear of already having been seen .
The mob boss ’ speech also speaks to this theme – why does he hold so much power ?
And note the mere existence of Scarecrow , a villain who holds all of Gotham scared by himself , even as merely a tool , because of his control over fear .
Bruce Wayne ’s own take on fear is the central moment in the movie : asked by Alfred why he chose the bat as his insignia , when he is scared of bats , he answers ( roughly ) “ I wanted my enemies to share my fear . ”
Despite all of Al Ghul ’s training , he ’s still scared , even of bats .
What differentiates him from the criminal who trained him – Al Ghul showed him how to be Batman , in essence – is that he ’s scared of himself .
The problem with criminals is that they ’re scared of nothing .
Justice , then , is fear of what one is capable of .
To be unjust is to try to lack all fear .
It is at this point we can see a crucial error in the second half of the movie , when Al Ghul becomes a raving lunatic as opposed to a man with an iron will .
For Batman ’s education , contra Katie Holmes ’ character , has come about entirely through the bad guys .
The most just man is he who can look into the abyss and see as they see , and turn away at the last second .
But it is n’t because of anything rational that the just man turns away .
Al Ghul is right – Gotham is corrupt and deserves to be destroyed .
It killed Wayne ’s family , and permits innumerable injustices every day at the expense of its citizens and others .
Justice on a cosmic scale demands that Gotham die .
Further , who cares about procedures in the case of the farmer that had murdered ( the final test for Wayne to graduate from Al Ghul ’s academy is the killing of a man that might be innocent .
It is at this point Wayne runs away , becoming Batman ) ?
Even procedural justice is n’t perfect : we have the procedures so we can ignore the bigger question about whether every procedure is perfect .
If we thought about justice all the time , we would n’t be able to act .
In the end , it is Wayne ’s faith in Gotham that saves him : the one good cop , the Commissioner , is the difference in the battle between Al Ghul and Batman .
But that dodges the central question , and makes Al Ghul worse than he is : the writers have to have him say crap like “ I have a city to destroy ” and have to have him be a scumbag who , having been saved by Wayne once , still shows his ungratefulness by trying to destroy the city .
We have to make him wholly bad , after all , so we can have a happy ending .
This is Hollywood .
The definition of anything that has a happy ending , btw , is “ comedy . ”
I hold that the movie should have been treated tragically .
Al Ghul should have been a scumbag who got rescued by Wayne and was ungrateful .
But when confronted by Wayne regarding his plans to destroy the city , he should n’t have sneered , but merely made the appeal to the fact that forces are in motion that neither understand .
That ’s the more consistent and fundamental teaching about justice : we do n’t know where it comes from , we do n’t even agree on it .
But it is the most important thing in a Fallen world .
From the Athens Banner - Herald U.S. Rep.
Paul Broun attacked president - elect Barack Obama 's agenda as " Marxist " and derided fellow Republicans for abandoning conservative principles Friday during his first speech since he was re-elected in Georgia 's 10th Congressional District .
"
In my opinion , we 've elected a Marxist to be president of the United States , " Broun , R - Athens , said during a luncheon of the Martinez - Evans Rotary Club at the Doubletree Hotel .
Truly one of the best films we have seen in some time !
MUST SEE !
Fireproof
The Movie is an excellent film about a couple struggling with the possibility of divorce .
An inspirational film for all couples to see .
Fireproof your marriage and stay out of the hell known as family court .
An excellent point on this movie - it does NOT place blame on just men like so many mainstream movies , it truly does review both sides husband and wife .
One of the greatest threats to marriages that this movie fails to point out is Title IV - D .
However , it makes sense that this was not mentioned because the couple in the story do not have children .
Fireproof - The Movie has already made movie history .
Only five times before Fireproof came along had a movie been made on a budget of $ 500,000 and grossed over $ 30 million !
Proof that Hollywood is missing a serious niche that audiences are demanding .
EXCELLENT film -
See it NOW before it leaves the theaters .
Below you can click on various tabs to learn more about the movie Fireproof .
Be sure to click on " Watch Trailer " below .
If you have seen this movie please comment below and tell our readers what you thought of it .
Law enforcement officers have foiled an alleged plot by two skinhead neo -Nazis who aimed to assassinate Barack Obama and kill 102 other people , according to court records unsealed today .
Daniel Cowart , 20 , and Paul Schlesselman , 18 , were arrested in Tennessee on Wednesday and charged with making threats against a presidential candidate , conspiring to rob a gun store and possessing an unregistered firearm .
They planned a " killing spree " in which they would target a predominantly black high school , killing 88 people and beheading 14 others , before trying to shoot Obama .
They intended to wear white tuxedos and top hats during the assassination bid , said Jim Cavanaugh , the special agent in charge of the ATF 's Nashville office .
" They said that would be their last , final act , that they would attempt to kill Senator Obama , " he said .
" They did n't believe they would be able to do it , but that they would get killed trying . "
The 88 and 14 are believed to be coded references to Adolf Hitler and David Lane , a white supremacist who died in prison last year .
H is the eighth letter of the alphabet , and 88 represents the phrase " Heil Hitler , " Cavanaugh said ; 14 is a reference to a 14 - word summary of Lane 's views : " We must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children . "
It 's been a while since we checked in on our
I wonder how she 's doing ?
Oct. 29 , 2008 -- Red and white wines from most European nations carry potentially dangerous doses of at least seven heavy metals , U.K. researchers find .
A single glass of even the most contaminated wine is n't poisonous .
But drinking just one glass of wine a day -- a common habit in Europe and the Americas -- might be very hazardous indeed , calculate biomolecular scientist Declan P. Naughton , PhD , and Andrea Petroczi of Kingston University , London .
Naughton calculated " target hazard quotients " ( THQs ) for wines from 15 countries in Europe , South America , and the Middle East .
The measure was designed by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to determine safe levels of frequent , long - term exposure to various chemicals .
A THQ over 1 indicates a health risk .
Typical wines , Naughton found , have a THQ ranging from 50 to 200 per glass .
Some wines had THQs up to 300 .
By comparison , THQs that have raised concerns about heavy - metal contamination of seafood typically range between 1 and 5 .
" I was surprised at this finding , and would be very interested if regulatory authorities and food - safety people will look at this , " Naughton tells WebMD .
" The wine industry should look at ways to remove these metals from wine , or to find out where the metals come from and prevent this from happening . "
The metal ions that accounted for most of the contamination were vanadium , copper , and manganese .
But four other metals with THQs above 1 also were found : zinc , nickel , chromium , and lead .
Some 30 other metal ions were measured in the wines , but THQs could not be calculated because safe daily levels for these metals are not known .
All of these oxidating metal ions pose potential problems .
But the manganese contamination particularly worries behavioral neurotoxicologist Bernard Weiss , PhD , professor of environmental medicine at the University of Rochester , N.Y .
Weiss was not involved in the Naughton study .
" From the point of view of just one of these metals in wine , manganese , I would be concerned , " Weiss tells WebMD .
" Any time you see numbers like they have in this study , you begin to scratch your head and wonder about the effects over a long period of ingestion :
Not one glass of wine last Tuesday , but a glass a day over a lifetime . "
Manganese accumulation in the brain , Weiss notes , has been linked to Parkinson 's disease .
Press Release : Wells Fargo Issues Shares in U.S. Treasury Capital Purchase
Wells Fargo ... announced today it has issued to the U.S. Department of the Treasury 25,000 shares of Wells Fargo ’s Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock , Series D without par value .
The shares have a liquidation amount per share equal to $ 1,000,000 , for a total price of $ 25 billion .
This issuance is part of the Treasury Department ’s Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) ...
Now they have the money .
Will they lend it ?
As an aside , the National Debt has increased $ 880 billion since the beginning of September - that is n't a typo - almost $ 1 trillion in less than two months as the Treasury raises cash for the TARP and for the Fed 's liquidity initiatives .
The National Debt is now $ 10.53 trillion .
Remember when the debt passed $ 10 trillion ?
That was on September 30th ... less than one month ago .
Tabs are fundamental to web design , Nowadays Animated Tabs and accordions are used by most websites , here we have collected 30 +
Tab - Based and Accordion scripts vary from CSS only tabs , Ajax based , mootools and jQuery with cool Animation .
which you can easily incorporate into your future designs
Ajax Drop down Tab Menu …
e 24TabMenu is a plugin written for scriptaculous .
It is a tab menu that expands collapse smoothly .
CSS Play Mini Tabs
Yahoo style Drop Down Tab Interface
jQuer Tab Skin
JQuery TabContainer
Theme with Tab Transition Animations
Sliding Tabs
Sliding Tabs is a mootools 1.11 plugin which adds a pretty neat effect .
It ’s a clone of something seen on Panic Software ’s Coda site ,
Coda Slider
A cool Sliding effect inspired by coda site
Tab Accordian
Tabbed style accordion script written with Moo.FX , this is my favorite
Perspective tabs is a simple mootools 1.2 plug - in that allows for a larger number of tabs to fit into a small space
Scrolling Tabs
This TabPanel is built entirely with javascript and demonstrates : Auto tab resizing , Tab scrolling , Tabs with icons , Tab plugins ( context menu ) , Adding tabs with JS
idTabs is simple and easy to use .
not overloaded with features , it gets to the point .
A simple yet cool tab build in jquery
The script is easy to set implement .
The content of the windows is plain HTML and the window is created by calling one single javascript function
The Closeable Tab widget allows tabs to be removed .
Very Cool Horizontal Tab interface from cssplay
The Draggable Tab widget allows tabs to be dragged ( and dropped ) between one or more modules
Fancy Sliding Tab Menu using script.aculo.us
Module Tabs – Carousel ( 1 at a time , zero animation , external controls )
Cool Animated tab using moo tools
A Tabbed Interface Using jQuery
This Ajax - enabled UI component lets you add feature - rich and nice looking tabs to your site or web application .
Nested Tabs
Updated JQuery Nested Tab Set with Demo
Accordion Scripts
Moo Fx Two Column Accordian
cool two column Accordion in Moo FX
cool horizontal Accordion in Moo FX
This is yet another accordion script , except you do n’t have to click to open one item , you just move your mouse over it
Ext Accordion Widget
This is one of the smallest accordion you can find on the web 1149 Bytes .
Accordion with color transition
Finally a lightweight accordion that is built with scriptaculous and works properly in every browser .
Accordions based on a pressed key combo
Accordion Using jQuery
Get certified with ccna training exam by using our free oracle training courses and high quality 1Y0 - A17 pdf ; also successfully pass 642-583 exam with incredible jsp hosting facility .
合印 あいじるし reference marks 注と本文文字列などの該当項目とを対応させるために該当項目に付ける文字列．
アキ アキ space 隣接する文字又は隣接する行の間隔． （JIS Z 8125 ）
アキ組 アキぐみ fixed inter-letter spacing 字間に一定のアキを入れて文字を配置する方法． （JIS Z 8125 ）
後付 あとづけ back matter 書籍の巻末に付けられる付録，補遺，語い（彙）解説，索引，文献．（JIS Z 8125 ）
アラビア数字 アラビアすうじ Western - Arabic numerals インドに始まり，アラビアからヨーロッパに伝わった数字．（算用数字，洋数字ともいう．）（JIS Z 8125 ）
引用文 いんようぶん quotation 公表された他の著作物から，その一部を引用して利用するもの．（JIS Z 8125 ）
ウィドウ ウィドウ widow 欧文組版におい て
，2単語程度である段落の最終行が，新しいページ又は段の第1行目にくること．（JIS Z 8125 ）
ウェイト ウェイト weight 書体における字形の画線の太さの指標． （JIS Z 8125 ）
上付き うわつき superior 小さい字面の文字で，通常の大きさの文字の右肩又は左肩に付けて配置する文字．（JIS Z 8125 ）
追込み処理 おいこみしょり line adjustment by inter-letter space reduction 禁則処理の一つの方法であって，約物の前後などを詰めて行頭行末そろえをすること．（JIS Z 8125 ）
追出し処理 おいだししょり line adjustment by inter-letter space addition 禁則処 理
の1つの方法であって，字間を広げて行頭行末そろえをすること．（JIS Z 8125 ）
親文字 おやもじ base characters ルビ，添え字又は圏点が付けられたとき，その対象となる文字．
改行 かいぎょう paragraph break 行を改めること． （JIS Z 8125 ）
改丁 かいちょう new recto 奇数ページより新規に見出しなどを始めること． （JIS Z 8125 ）
改ページ かいページ page break 奇数ページ・偶数ページに関わらず，ページの途中であっても次の文章・見出しなどを次のページから新しく始めること．（JIS Z 8125 ）
箇条書き かじょうがき itemization 順序付き，又は順序を明示することなく項目を列挙すること．（JIS Z 8125 ）
下線 かせん under line 横組において，文字又は文字列の下に引いた線． （JIS Z 8125 ）
仮想ボディ かそうボディ imaginary body 1つの文字が占有する仮想的なく（矩）形領域． （JIS Z 8125 ）
肩付きルビ かたつきルビ katatsuki-ruby 縦組において，ルビを親文字の右肩に付けて配置する方法．（JIS Z 8125 ）
片柱方式 かたばしらほうしき single running head method 柱を奇数ページだけに掲げること． （JIS Z 8125 ）
活字 かつじ printing types 文字組版に使用するもので，文字・数字・記号類などの字面を逆向きで凸状に，鉛合金などで鋳造した角柱．
活字組版 かつじくみはん letterpress printing 可動式の活字，その他の材料を用いた伝統的な組版 ．
漢数字 かんすうじ ideographic numerals 漢字の一二三 … 十などを用いて表す数字 ．
漢文 かんぶん kanbun composition 中国の古典文（又はそれに倣った文体の文）について，日本語の文として読む
ことが可能になるように，読むための様々な補助記号を付けた文．
基本版面 きほんはんめん kihon hanmen ( page content area ) 本の基本として設計される版面体裁．組方向，段数，文字サイズ，字詰め数，行数，行間及び段間で指定する．（JIS X 4051 ）
逆ノンブル ぎゃくノンブル reverse pagination 巻末の方からページの番号を開始するノンブル． （JIS Z 8125 ）
行送り ぎょうおくり line feed 隣接する行同士の基準点から基準点までの距離． （JIS Z 8125 ）
行送り方向 ぎょうおくりほうこう block direction 1つの行が次の行へと続く方向． （JIS Z 8125 ）
行間 ぎょうかん line gap 隣接する行の文字の仮想ボディ間の距離 ．
行長 ぎょうちょう line length 基本版面で設定した行の行頭かた行末までの長さ ．
行頭 ぎょうとう line start 1 つ の行の始まる位置． （JIS Z 8125 ）
行頭禁則 ぎょうとうきんそく not starting line rule 行頭に特定の文字を置くことを禁止する規則． （JIS Z 8125 ）
行頭禁則文字 ぎょうとうきんそくもじ characters not starting line 行頭禁則の条件に該当する文字 ．
行頭そろえ ぎょうとうそろえ line head justification 文字列の最初の文字を行頭の位置に合わせること．（JIS Z 8125 ）
行の調整処理 ぎょうのちょうせいしょり line adjustment 指定された行長にするために，字間を詰める又は空ける処理．
行末 ぎょうまつ line end 1 つ の行の終わる位置． （JIS Z 8125 ）
行末禁則 ぎょうまつきんそく not ending line rule 行末に特定の文字を置くことを禁止する規則． （JIS Z 8125 ）
行末禁則文字 ぎょうまつきんそくもじ characters not ending line 行末禁則の条件に該当する文字 ．
行末そろえ ぎょうまつそろえ line end justification 文字列の最後の文字を行末の位置に合わせること．（JIS Z 8125 ）
禁則処理 きんそくしょり kinsoku rules 行頭禁則，行末禁則，分離（分割）禁止などの禁則を避けるために行われる処理．
均等そろえ きんとうそろえ even justification 字間を均等に空けて，文字列の先頭を行頭の位置に，文字列の末尾を行末の位置に合わせること．
均等詰め きんとうづめ even tsumegumi ベタ組より字間を一定量詰めて文字を配置する方法．（JIS Z 8125 ）
均等割り きんとうわり even inter-letter spacing 字間を均等に空け，文字列の両端を行頭及び行末にそろえること．（JIS Z 8125 ）
組体裁 くみていさい page format 本などの仕上がりサイズ及びそこに配置する文字その他の表示体裁．
組版 くみはん composition 原稿及びレイアウトの指定に従って，文字・図版・写真などを配置する作業の総称．
組方向 くみほうこう writing mode 横組又は縦組． （JIS Z 8125 ）
グループルビ グループルビ group - ruby 複数の親文字で構成される語全体にかかるように均等間隔にルビを付けて配置する方法．
原図 げんず original pattern 印刷用の文字の元となる描かれた文字 ．
圏点 けんてん emphasis dots 文字のそばに付けて注意を促したり , その部分を強調したりするしるし． （JIS Z 8125 ）
後注 こうちゅう endnote 本文の編・章・節・段落などの区分の終わり又は巻末にまとめて入れる注釈．（JIS Z 8125 ）
小書きの仮名 こがきのかな small kana 拗音，促音，外来語などを書き表す場合に用いる，字面を小さくした仮名．捨て仮名，半音ともいう．（JIS Z 8125 ）
小口 こぐち fore - edge a）本のページの綴じていない三方の切り口 ．
b）のどの反対側．
（JIS Z 8125 ）
ゴシック体 ゴシックたい gothic face 文字の線がほぼ同じ幅をもった和文書体で，明朝体のように三角形のうろこが付いていない．強調する部分や見出しなどに用いる．
混植 こんしょく mixed text composition a）和文と欧文とを併用して組版すること（和欧混植） ．
b）異なる大きさの文字を併用して組版すること（異サイズ混植）．
c）異なる書体を使用して組版すること（異書体混植）．
（JIS Z 8125 ）
索引 さくいん index 1冊又は複数冊からなる本の中の語句，事項などを抜き出して配列し，それぞれの該当ページ番号を示したもの．（JIS Z 8125 ）
参考文献 さんこうぶんけん bibliography 本文の内容に関係の深い他の著書，論文を記したもの．（JIS Z 8125 ）
三分 さんぶ 1/3 em 全角の3分の1の長さ．（JIS
Z 8125 ）
三分アキ さんぶアキ 1/3 em space 三分の空き量 ．
三分ルビ さんぶルビ one - third ruby 全角の字幅の親 文
字1字に対し，3文字のルビを親文字からはみ出させないように付けるためのルビ．
仕上りサイズ しあがりサイズ trim size 仕上り裁ちした印刷物の寸法． （JIS Z 8125 ）
字上げ じあげ line end indent 行末の位置を行頭方向に移すこと． （JIS Z 8125 ）
字間 じかん inter -letter space 同一行の隣接 す る2つの文字の仮想ボディの間隔． （JIS Z 8125 ）
字形 じけい letter form 文字について，手書き，印字，画面表示などによって実際に図形として表現したもの．（JIS Z 8125 ）
字下げ じさげ line head indent 行頭の位置を行末方向に移すこと． （JIS Z 8125 ）
下付き したつき inferior 小さい字面の文字で，通常の大きさの文字の右下又は左下に付けて配置する文字．（JIS Z 8125 ）
字詰 じづめ number of characters per line 行長を文字サイズの倍数で指定する場合の文字数． （JIS Z 8125 ）
字詰め方向 じづめほうこう inline direction 1行の中 で ， 1つ の文字から次の文字へと続く方向． （JIS Z 8125 ）
字面 じづら letter face 字形の，実際に表示される領域． （JIS Z 8125 ）
字面詰め じづらづめ face tsumegumi 仮名や約物等の字面が重ならない程度まで詰めて文字を配置する方法．（JIS Z 8125 ）
字取り じどり jidori 使用文字サイズの倍数で指定した長さの両端に文字列の先頭と最後尾をそろえて文字を配置する方法．（JIS Z 8125 ）
字幅 じはば jihaba ( size of character in the inline direction ) 仮想ボディの文字を配列する方向（字詰め方向）の大きさ．一般に字幅の絶対値を文字サイズで除した値で示す．全角，半角，四分角など．字幅は，横組では文字の幅となるが，縦組では文字の高さとなる．
四分 しぶ 1/4 em 全角の4分の1の長さ．（JIS
Z 8125 ）
四分アキ しぶアキ 1 /4 em space 四分の空き量 ．
四分角 しぶかく 1 / 4 em width 字幅が，全 角 の4分 の1の長さの仮想ボディ．
熟語 じゅくご jukugo 2字以上の漢字が結合し，一語となったもの ．
熟語ルビ じゅくごルビ jukugo - ruby 熟語の個々の漢字の読みと熟語としてのまとまりの2つを考慮して配置位置を決めるルビの配置方法．
常用漢字表 じょうようかんじひょ う Jouyou Kanji Table 1981年に制定された一般の社会生活において、現代の国語を書き表す場合の漢字使用の目安を示すも表．1945字の漢字，その音訓，字体などが示されている．
書体 しょたい typeface 印字，画面表示などに使用するため，統一的な意図に基づいて作成された一組の文字又は記号の意匠．（JIS Z 8125 ）
白ページ しろページ blank page 何も表示しないページ ．
図版 ずはん illustrations 印刷物の中に掲げる図，グラフ，カット，イラストレーション，写真などの総称．
正常な向き せいじょうなむき in normal orientation 印刷物を正しい向きで読む場合において，文字，図，表などを回転することなく，上下関係を正しく配置すること．
全角 ぜんかく full - width a）変形をかけない正方形の文字のサイズ ．
b）a）に等しい長さの相対単位．
（JIS Z 8125 ）
全角アキ ぜんかくアキ em space 全角の空き 量
総ルビ そうルビ general - ruby 文中のすべての漢字にルビを付けること． （JIS Z 8125 ）
添え字 そえじ ornament characters 文字のそばに付ける上付き文字又は下付き文字．（JIS Z 8125 ）
そろえ そろえ justification 行において，指定した位置に文字の配置位置を合わせること．
多巻物 たかんもの multivolume work 全集，上下巻な ど
，1部の本で2冊以上の図書で構成されているもの．
裁切り たちきり bleed 写真，平網などを断裁位置いっぱいまで印刷すること．（JIS Z 8125 ）
縦組 たてぐみ vertical writing mode 行においては文字を垂直方向に上から下へ，ページにおいて行を右から左へ，段を上から下へ配列すること．また，そのように文字が配置された状態．（JIS Z 8125 ）
縦中横 たてちゅうよこ tatechuyoko 縦組の行中で，文字を縦向きのまま横組にすること．（JIS Z 8125 ）
タブ処理 タブしょり tab composition 行におい て
，1つ又は複数の文字列を指定位置に合わせて配置する処理．
段 だん column 段組において，分割され た1区分． （JIS Z 8125 ）
段間 だんかん column gap 段組の段と段との間の空き． （JIS Z 8125 ）
段組 だんぐみ multi-column format 連続す る1系列の文章 を1ページの中で，字詰め方向において，2つ以上の部分（段）に分割し，各部分の間には空白（段間）を設けて文字を配置する方法．（JIS
Z 8125 ）
段数 だんすう number of columns 1 ペ ージ内に配置される段の数． （JIS Z 8125 ）
段落 だんらく paragraph 行組版処理の処理単位と な
る1つ以上の文の集まり．段落は，1行又は連続した複数の行からなる．（JIS
Z 8125 ）
段落整形 だんらくせいけい paragraph format 字下げ，字上げ，インデントなどの段落の書式 ．
段落末尾処理 だんらくまつびしょり window adjustment 段落の最終行に配置する行の字数が所定の字数未満にならないようにする処理．
注 ちゅう note 語句，図版，表などに加える補助的な説明・解釈．（JIS Z 8125 ）
中央そろえ ちゅうおうそろえ centering 文字列の中央を，行頭と行末との中央の位置に合わせること．（JIS Z 8125 ）
詰め組 つめぐみ tsumegumi ベタ組より字送りを詰めて文字を配置する方法．（JIS Z 8125 ）
ディセンダ ディセンダ descender 欧文小文字のg ，j，p，q，y などの文字の，ベースラインより下に伸びている部分．（JIS Z 8125 ）
ディセンダラインは，ディセンダの最下端を示す，ベースラインに平行な仮想の線．
天 てん head a）本又はページの上部 ．
b）ページの上部の仕上り線と版面までの余白部分．
（JIS Z 8125 ）
天付き てんつき tentsuki a）行頭に位置した括弧類に二分の字幅のものなどを使用して，隣接する行の行頭とそろえること．
b）段落最初の行において行頭の字下げを行わないで，隣接する行の行頭とそろえること．
（JIS Z 8125 ）
当用漢字表 とうようかんじひょ う Touyou Kanji Table 1946年に制定された一般社会で使用する漢字の範囲を示す表．1850字の漢字が示されている．この表は，当用漢字音訓表，当用漢字字体表とともに常用漢字表に改められた．
通しノンブル とおしノンブル continuous pagination a）書籍の前付・本文・後付を通して一連のノンブルを付けること ．
b）分冊して刊行されるそう（叢）書などで，それら全体を通して一連のノンブルを付けること．また，定期刊行物での各号ごとのノンブルとは別に1年分を通したノンブルを併記すること．
（JIS Z 8125 ）
中付きルビ なかつきルビ nakatsukiruby 縦組の場合は親文字の天地中央に，横組の場合は親文字の左右中央にルビを付けて配置する方法．（JIS Z 8125 ）
中扉 なかとびら naka - tobira 書籍の内容が大きく区分される場合に，その内容の区切りをはっきりさせるために本文中に挿入する，標題などを掲げた丁又はページ．（JIS Z 8125 ）
並び線 ならびせん baseline 欧文フォントなどにおいて，フォント中の多くのグリフがその上でそろう，基本的な仮想の線．（JIS Z 8125 ）
二分 にぶ 1/2 em 全角の2分の1の長さ．（JIS
Z 8125 ）
二分アキ にぶアキ 1 /2 em space 二分の空き量 ．
のど のど gutter a）本を広げたとき，中央の綴じ目がある方向 ．
b）中央の綴じ目と版面の余白部分．
c）本の中身と背が接する部分．
（JIS Z 8125 ）
ノンブル ノンブル page number 印刷物の各ページの順序を示すために付けてある番号．（JIS Z 8125 ）
ハイフネーション ハイフネーション hyphenation 行末にかかった欧文の単語について，音節などに従い分綴可能な位置にハイフンを挿入し，2行に分割する処理．
柱 はしら running head 各ページの版面外に記載された書名・章名・節名など．（JIS Z 8125 ）
パラルビ パラルビ para - ruby 文中の一部の漢字だけにルビを付けること． （JIS Z 8125 ）
半角 はんかく half - width 字幅が，全 角 の
2 分 の1 の長さの仮想ボディ．
半扉 はんとびら han - tobira 中扉を簡略にしたもので，裏面から本文を始める，見出しなどの標題を掲げたページ．（JIS Z 8125 ）
左綴じ ひだりとじ bound on the left - hand side 表紙の表面を正面に見た場合に，のどが左側になっている綴じ方．
表 ひょう table 文字又は数字を一覧できるように，罫などで区切ったこま（小間）に配列したもの．（JIS Z 8125 ）
フォント フォント font ある書体によって作成された字形の集合． （JIS Z 8125 ）
ぶら下げ組 ぶらさげぐみ line adjustment by hanging punctuation 行頭に位置した和文の句読 点
を1文字だけ前行の行末文字の次に指定された行長を越えて配置する方法．（JIS Z 8125 ）
振り漢字 ふりかんじ furi - kanji ルビの配置位置に，仮名ではなく，漢字を使用したもの．
振分け ふりわけ furiwake 1行の中に，複数の行からなる文章を配置する方法． （JIS Z 8125 ）
プロポーショナル プロポーショナル proportional - width 一つのフォント中で文字の字幅が一定でなく，文字ごとに独立した字幅の値をもっていること．（JIS Z 8125 ）
（ 2行に）分割 ぶんかつ separate 連続し た2文字について，前の文字は，その行の行末に配置し，後ろの文字は次の行の行頭に移動すること．
分割禁止 ぶんかつきんし inseparable ダッシュ，リーダなど連続した同じ文字間では分割を禁止する規則．
文選 ぶんせん type picking 原稿で指示された文字について，その活字を拾い集める作業．具体的には活字を配列してある活字ケースから文字を選び，文選箱に収める．
分離禁止 ぶんりきんし unstretchable 特定の文字の組の文字間にアキを入れることを禁止すること．（JIS Z 8125 ）
ページ ページ page 本などを構成す る1 枚の紙の片面． （JIS Z 8125 ）
ベタ組 ベタぐみ solid setting 字間を空けずに仮想ボディを接して文字を配置すること．（JIS Z 8125 ）
別ノンブル べつノンブル independent pagination 前付ページ又は後付けページと本文ページとに別の順序付けを行うノンブルを付けること．（JIS Z 8125 ）
ポイント ポイント point 文字サイズの単位．１ポイントは0.3514mmに等しい（JIS
Z 8305参照）．なお，ポイント以外に，文字サイズの単位に使用されている1Qは，0.25mmである．
傍線 ぼうせん bousen 縦組において，文字又は文字列の右又は左に引いた線．（JIS Z 8125 ）
母型 ぼけい matrix 活字を鋳造する際に，字面 の
本文 ほんぶん body text a）書籍を構成する主要部分．通常，その前に前付，後には後付が付く．
b）図版，表，見出し，注，リードなどを除いた記事の中の主要部分．
c）ページ内の柱及びノンブルを除いた部分． d）表紙，見返し，投げ込みなどの付属物を除いた本の中身．
（JIS Z 8125 ）
前付 まえづけ front matter 書籍の本文に先立つページで，まえがき，序文，目次，挿絵一覧，献辞．（JIS Z 8125 ）
右綴じ みぎとじ bound on the right - hand side 表紙の表面を正面に見た場合に，のどが右側になっている綴じ方．
見出し みだし heading a）論文，記事などの標題 ．
b）本，論文，記事などの内容を区分して付けた標題．
（JIS Z 8125 ）
見開き みひらき spread 本などを開いたときの両方のページ． （JIS Z 8125 ）
目次 もくじ table of contents 本の内容の見出しを，書かれている順又は分野別に並べて，それぞれの該当ページ番号を示したもの．（JIS Z 8125 ）
文字サイズ もじサイズ character size 文字の大きさ．通常，文字の行送り方向の外枠又は仮想ボディの長さ．（JIS Z 8125 ）
モノスペース モノスペース fixed - width 一つのフォントの文字の字幅がすべて等しい値を持っていること．（JIS Z 8125 ）
モノルビ モノルビ mono - ruby 親文字 の1字ごとに対応してルビを付けて配置する方法． （JIS Z 8125 ）
約物 やくもの punctuation marks 文字組版に使用する記述記号類の総称． 備考 句読点・疑問符・括弧・アクセントなど． （JIS Z 8125 ）
横組 よこぐみ horizontal writing mode 行においては文字を水平方向に左から右へ，ページにおいて行を上から下へ，段を左から右へ配列すること．また，そのように文字が配置された状態．（JIS Z 8125 ）
両柱方式 りょうばしらほうしき double running head method 柱を奇数・偶数両ページに掲げること． （JIS Z 8125 ）
ルビ ルビ ruby 文字及び語のそばに付けてその読み，意味などを示す小さな文字．（JIS Z 8125 ）
レイアウト レイアウト layout 印刷物を作成する際に，文字・画像などのページ内における配置構成を設計し，さらに必要な組版及び製版の指示を施すこと．（JIS Z 8125 ）
ローマ数字 ローマすう じ Roman numerals ラテン文字の大文字又は小文字を用いて表記する数字．（JIS Z 8125 ）
和欧混植 わおうこんしょく Japanese and Western mixed text composition 和文と欧文とを併用して組版すること ．
和文文字 わぶんもじ Japanese letters 日本語のドキュメントに使用する文字 ．
割注 わりちゅう warichu ( inline cutting note ) 本文中で，複数行に割書きした注釈．割注には，割書きを囲む括弧類を含む．（JIS Z 8125 ）
( Newser ) – Fannie Mae will let 90 - year - old Addie Polk keep her house and forgive her mortgage , the Akron Beacon - Journal reports .
The widow shot herself in the chest Wednesday as deputies arrived to evict her from her home of 40 years .
Rep. Dennis Kucinich raised the Ohio woman 's plight in the House yesterday morning as members prepared to vote on the bailout bill and by afternoon the foreclosure action was dismissed .
story continues below
" Just given the circumstances , we think it 's appropriate , " a Fannie Mae spokesman said .
Polk , who is in the hospital and expected to recover from the apparent suicide attempt , had taken out several loans on her house after the original mortgage was paid off in 1982 .
Her husband died in 1992 .
" She said it was a crazy thing to do , now that she 's had time to think about it , '' a neighbor said .
'' You know , the good Lord works in different ways .
Maybe what 's happened to her will help a lot of other seniors in this country . ''
( Read more Akron stories . )
BBC Radio 2 controller Lesley Douglas today resigned in the wake of the Russell Brand and Jonathan Ross phone prank affair , saying she took responsibility for the events of the last two weeks , which she said had happened " on my watch " .
Ross has been suspended from all BBC TV and radio services without pay for 12 weeks over his part in the prank calls to actor Andrew Sachs .
Mark Thompson , the BBC director general , said the contribution of the corporation 's highest paid star to the " Sachsgate " prank calls " was utterly unacceptable and cannot be allowed to go uncensured or without sanction " .
The BBC Trust also issued a statement expressing its " dismay " over the " deplorable intrusion " into the privacy of Andrew Sachs and his granddaughter and has ordered that an apology to licence fee payers must be broadcast on Radio 2 .
Douglas , in a letter to Thompson , said : " The last week has been a painful one for the BBC and particularly for BBC Radio 2 .
" The events of the last two weeks happened on my watch .
I believe it is right that I take responsibility for what has happened .
" It is a matter of the greatest possible sadness to me that a programme on my network has been the cause of such a controversy .
" I would like to take this opportunity to offer my personal apology to Andrew Sachs and his family and to the audience for what has happened . "
A statement released by BBC management said : " The presenter Jonathan Ross will be suspended from all broadcasting for the BBC for a 12 - week period , ending in mid-January 2009 .
" He will not be paid by the BBC during this period : the fees that would have been paid will be deducted from his BBC contract . "
Thompson said : " The ultimate editorial responsibility for BBC programmes lies with producers and editorial managers .
The consequences of errors of judgement are therefore more serious for managers .
" Nonetheless , Jonathan Ross 's contribution to this edition of the Russell Brand show was utterly unacceptable and cannot be allowed to go uncensured or without sanction .
" A 12 - week suspension is an exceptional step , but I believe it is a proportionate response to Jonathan 's role in this unhappy affair .
Douglas said her decision to resign was " my decision alone " .
She will step down as controller of BBC Radio 2 , BBC 6 Music and from her role as controller of popular music .
She added : " It has been a huge privilege to have been entrusted with the leadership of the UK 's most popular radio station , which is so intensely loved by the audience .
" I have also had the tremendous pleasure of launching BBC 6 Music and more recently of leading popular music output across the BBC .
" I know I leave BBC Radio 2 and 6 Music in the hands of a dedicated and passionate team of incredibly talented presenters and production staff .
I am enormously proud of what we have achieved together . "
Thompson said he accepted Douglas 's decision to resign with " real sadness " .
" There is no doubt that my sadness today will be shared both across the BBC and the wider music industry , " said Thompson in a letter accepting Douglas 's decision .
" You have been an outstanding head of programmes and then Controller of Radio 2 over the past eight years .
" You have presided over a creative transformation of the network , and have rightly been recognised by the industry for your massive contribution to UK radio .
" Your decision to take responsibility for what has happened is an illustration of the integrity and commitment which has characterised your leadership at BBC Radio 2 and BBC 6 Music .
" Over the past 23 years , you have been a devoted servant of the BBC , and your absence will be felt by your many colleagues and friends at the BBC .
" I am sure you will continue to make an outstanding contribution to radio and popular music in the UK . "
The BBC Trust said : " The trust is dismayed both that the offensive comments broadcast on the Russell Brand Show on October 18 fell so far short of audiences ' legitimate expectations , and by the deplorable intrusion in to the privacy of Mr Sachs and his granddaughter .
" The transmission of these comments via a BBC radio programme represents an abuse of the privilege given to the BBC to broadcast to its audiences .
On behalf of the BBC , the trust offers a full and unreserved apology to Andrew Sachs , Georgina Baillie and the rest of his family .
The trust extends this apology to licence fee payers as a whole .
" The trust has required the executive to issue an on - air apology to licence fee payers on BBC Radio 2 for the serious and deliberate breaches of the BBC editorial guidelines on offence and privacy .
The form and timing of the apology will be agreed by the trust 's committee .
We have also required the director general to write personally to Andrew Sachs and Georgina Baillie to apologise on behalf of the corporation . "
· To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 7239 9857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 7278 2332 .
· If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
How Many People Die on an Average Day ?
Back
Chapter : 13.09 b
( Section 13 : What about those " Without the Gospel ? " )
Copyright © Michael Bronson 1997 , 1999 , and 2000
BibleHelp.org
Summary
The rate in which a light flashes on top of an emergency vehicle is the average rate that people are dying and going to hell .
Click
Here for a book version of this material
If you were to ask , " How many people die on an average day , " you would get a wide variety of answers .
Typical answers would range around 300 to 5,000 people .
Surprisingly , over 150,000 people die every day .
On average , 1.8 people die every second .
What is the spiritual destiny of these people ?
Obviously , no one really knows for certain how many people are going to Heaven and Hell .
We can , however , come up with a ballpark estimate .
There are many comprehensive studies that break the world 's population down by religion .
If you compare these belief systems with the Bible , you 'll have a basic idea as to how many people believe in the Biblical plan of salvation .
Based on these studies , it has been estimated that only 7 % of the world 's population is going to Heaven ( 1.68 per second ) .
Even if this research is wrong and 75 % of the world is going to Heaven ; we still have 38,000 people going to Hell every day .
I realize that some of you are thinking that it is morbid and inappropriate to talk about this .
You 're thinking that talking about this topic in public shows a lack of sensitivity .
Yes , in a sense I guess it does appear morbid .
It is , however , necessary .
It serves a very important purpose .
The Cancer Society tells us that over 160,000 Americans will die this year from lung cancer and 40,000 will die from breast cancer .
We are also told that almost 3 million people worldwide will die from AIDS this year .
Are these pronouncements morbid or inappropriate ?
No , of course not .
They serve a valid purpose .
They inform us of a serious problem that needs to be addressed .
It tells us that millions of people are dying needlessly .
These pronouncements are intended to bring a serious problem to our attention .
They are intended to challenge us to action .
Likewise , this letter tells us about a serious problem ; a problem that many of us would like to forget .
People are needlessly dying and going to Hell .
Although curing people of diseases is important , is n't being concerned about a person 's eternal destiny even more important ?
Yes , this counter may make us feel uncomfortable , but hopefully it will challenge us into action . "
A Poster version of this Information
The information on this page is also on a free poster that you can download .
This poster would be ideal for things like church bulletins , flyers at rallies etc .
I strongly encourage the free distribution of this material .
The only thing I ask is you keep the copyright information on it .
To download the poster , click on the link below .
Go to the Poster download page
Other Chapters in this Section
Home
Who are the Heathen ?
Open for Interpretation
The 5 Main Views
How we came Up With the 5 Views
Why Study the Heathen
Christianity is Losing Ground
Most of the World has not heard the Gospel
A Signal of Need
How Many People Die on an Average Day ?
What About the Seeking and Sincere ?
Parental Influence
The Value of the Soul
Questions and Answers
Quick Visual Aid for the 5 Views
Quick Visual Aid of View 1
Quick Visual Aid of View 2
Quick Visual Aid of View 3
Quick Visual Aid of View 4
Quick Visual Aid of View 5
Implications of the 5 Views
Breakdown of the 5 Main Views
Breakdown of View 1
Breakdown of View 2
Breakdown of View 3
Breakdown of View 4
Breakdown of View 5
The Christian 's Mission to the World
How Convinced are You ?
Putting it all Together
Tell a Friend about this page
- Top of Page -
Your business is thriving , money has come to your way , and you are about to be financially free .
You start to think about retiring early .
Or , in other , typical case – you work hard and secure your hard - earned cash well for your retirement , either in retirement funds or in your own personal investment instruments .
You hope to retire well when the time comes .
For whatever options you have in mind for retiring , you have to think the answers on this question :
What would you do after you retire ?
Think about your options after you retire
You wish to stop working after you retire ;
The answer , to some people : sure , you can .
In fact , you can start looking for retirement ideas from the Net , such as SilverFoxRetirement.com .
However , here is the real issue to address : do you really want to stop working after you retire ?
Why people choose NOT to retire
I have relatives and colleagues of relatives that really indicate the ‘ agreed ’ truth :
While others wish they could retire , some could stop working after retirement , but chose not to .
The following is one or several of their reasons NOT to retire :
To keep themselves lively , healthy and their minds active
To avoid getting sick , depressed and being forgetful
To preserve social status
To maintain lifestyle
To achieve milestones they have set in their life
and many other social and personal endeavours .
I highlight one of those reasons , because it is the reason why most of my relatives and colleagues of relatives keep working .
They ( still ) have the drive and passion to achieve , and their life is driven by achieving milestones , often with no finish line .
Their motto could be “ It is not the finish line that important , but how you ‘ run ’ the course of track that really matters most . ”
How to retire right
From those who have paved the road and set the example to us , I learn the following on how to retire right :
If you want to retire from your job or biz , you might want to start an activity that can fulfill your need for achievement , i.e. start a charity
if you have the capital , consider purchasing a franchise right that requires less or minimal owner involvement in day - to - day operation .
The basic rule is :
Never stop doing anything productive – traveling the country is the better option than staying at home watch TV , walk the dog or care the grandchildren .
Think succession – Never feel not needed by your boss , peers , colleagues or even your own children – you have pave the road , and it ’s time for other , younger people to have their chances and continue what you have set .
Offer yourself to be a mentor or a consultant , either paid or not – share what you know , regardless .
Ivan Widjaya
Retire right
Image by Ernst Moeksis .
This was an exciting week for open source mobile technologies .
Google finally released the source code for its Linux - based Android mobile platform .
The source code can be obtained from the kernel.org git repository and Google has published documentation at the Android wiki describing how third - party developers can contribute code to the project .
Google is already working on various Android improvements , including support for the W3C Geolocation API in Google Gears .
We also took a look at the latest emerging details of Motorola 's plans to build Android - based devices with advanced social networking capabilities .
Another major development in the open source mobile ecosystem that took place this week was the release of Nokia 's first technical preview of Qt for the Symbian S60 platform .
Although the technology is still at a relatively early stage of development and this release is still not production quality yet , it will allow developers to begin porting their mobile Qt applications to S60 .
Nokia acquired Symbian earlier this year as well as Trolltech , the company that originally created the open source Qt widget toolkit .
Bringing the two together represents a major step forward for Nokia 's open source mobile strategy .
We also took a close look at the first alpha release of Mozilla 's Fennec mobile browser this week .
We tested it on a Nokia N810 Internet Tablet device to see how it performs on real hardware .
Although the new user interface is very impressive , this release was very sluggish and unresponsive .
Mozilla says that optimization efforts are underway and that we will see improved performance in subsequent releases .
Ubuntu community manager Jono Bacon , who is also well known for his involvement in the LugRadio podcast , has released Denied by Reign , a metal album that is distributed under a Creative Commons license .
He encourages others to build on top of his content and use it to promote awareness of open content distribution models .
The Linux Foundation conducted a study to compute the value of the Linux kernel and the broader Linux software platform .
The results , which were published this week , indicate that it would take $ 1.4 billion to build the kernel from scratch and that all of the source in the Fedora 9 package archive is worth $ 10.8 billion .
Although the study is based on some seriously dubious math , the results reflect the growing scope of the platform .
Ubuntu 8.10 is scheduled for release at the end of the month .
The Ubuntu developers announced the availability of the release candidate this week and are encouraging users to help participate in the testing process .
The new version includes a guest mode for the fast user - switching feature , improved support for mobile connectivity , and the new dynamic kernel module update framework .
Stay tuned next week for more of our open source coverage and also keep an eye on Open Ended , our open source software journal .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Exxon Mobil Corp. set a quarterly profit record for a U.S. company Thursday , surging past analyst estimates .
Exxon Mobil ( XOM , Fortune 500 ) , the leading U.S. oil company , said its third - quarter net profit was $ 14.83 billion , or $ 2.86 per share , up from $ 9.41 billion , or $ 1.70 , a year earlier .
That profit included $ 1.45 billion in special items .
The company 's prior record was $ 11.68 billion in the second quarter of 2008 .
The latest quarter 's net income equaled $ 1,865.69 per second , nearly $ 400 a second more than the prior mark .
The company said its revenue totaled $ 137.7 billion in the third quarter .
Analysts had expected Exxon to report a 40 % jump in earnings to $ 2.38 per share , or net income of $ 12.2 billion , and a 28 % surge in revenue to $ 131.13 billion , according to a consensus of estimates compiled by Thomson Reuters .
The company 's earnings were buoyed by oil prices , which reached record highs in the quarter before declining .
Oil prices were trading at $ 140.97 a barrel at the beginning of the third quarter , and had fallen to $ 100.64 at the end .
Compare that to 2007 , when prices traded at $ 71.09 a barrel at the beginning of the third quarter , and rose to $ 81.66 by the end .
Last of the big quarters
Exxon 's special charges include the gain of $ 1.62 billion from the sale of a German natural gas company .
It also includes the $ 170 million charge in interest related to punitive damages from the Valdez oil spill off the Alaskan coast in 1989 .
The Irving , Texas - based company said it lost $ 50 million , before taxes , in oil revenue because of Hurricanes Gustav and Ike .
The company expects damages related to these hurricanes to reduce fourth - quarter earnings by $ 500 million .
Exxon 's stock price slipped by about 2 % in afternoon trading .
Bernie McGinn , Chief Executive of McGinn Investment Management and owner of 30,000 Exxon shares , said he was n't surprised , given the recent downturn in oil prices .
" That 's probably the last of the big profit quarters , at least for now , " said McGinn .
" You ca n't make the case that it 's going to continue . "
Despite the surge in profit , Exxon said oil production was down 8 % in the third quarter , compared to the same period last year .
The company also said it is spending more money to locate new sources of oil .
Exxon said it spent $ 6.9 billion on oil exploration in the third quarter , a jump of 26 % from the same period last year .
The company said it began a new program to tap natural gas offshore from Nigeria .
More investments
Exxon also has an aggressive program for buying back stock , with 109 million of its shares repurchased during the third quarter , at a cost of $ 8.7 billion .
In a conference call with analysts , David Rosenthal , vice president of investor relations for Exxon , said the company 's " first priority " is using profits to continue investing in exploration programs for oil and other resources .
Rosenthal said the company would also consider using new - found funds to bolster its dividend , buy back more shares and to purchase other companies , but he declined to offer specific details .
Phil Weiss , analyst for Argus Research , said he does n't expect Exxon to break any more profit records in future quarters .
" I do n't expect the fourth quarter to be nearly as good as the third because of lower oil prices , " said Weiss .
Analysts also said that demand for gasoline is falling , which could impact Exxon and other oil companies .
" While oil companies benefit from high oil prices in the short run , they might lose in the long run , " Anas Alhajji , chief economist for NGP Energy Capital Management , wrote in an email to CNNMoney.com .
" Higher oil prices lead to lower demand , as we have seen in recent months . "
Earlier Thursday , Europe 's leading oil company , Royal Dutch Shell PLC ( RDSA ) , reported a 22 % gain in net profit for the third quarter , to $ 8.45 billion .
The company said sales rose 45 % to $ 132 billion .
Exxon is the second - largest company in the Fortune 500 in terms of annual sales , behind Wal - Mart Stores ( WMT , Fortune 500 ) .
Exxon 's stock price has fallen about 20 % so far this year , compared to the S&P 500 , which has fallen about 36 % .
Laura Ingraham was repeating what 's about to become wingnuts ' favorite theme : Republicans lost because they were n't wingnutty enough !
Bill Hemmer :
Let me flip that argument around here .
If the Republicans are swept out of power -- I mean , the Senate , the House , the White House -- how does the Republican Party change , do you believe ?
Ingraham :
Well , I think -- I heard Mary Matalin say this last night , and really , she hit it out of the park .
If McCain loses , if Republicans lose seats across the board , this is a rejection of Republicans who do n't follow traditional conservative principles .
It 's not a rejection of conservatism , or Reagan , or small government .
... I think Republicans are going to have to do some soul - searching , but not on conservative principles -- on how they governed .
Er , mebbe .
But how they governed was precisely according to conservative principles !
The Big Shitpile is a direct product of conservative principles enacted in governance -- namely , the Panglossian belief that deregulation of business , and the financial sector , was an unrelievedly good thing .
Well , the people who are paying the price for that foolishness have managed to figure that out .
[ H/t to Dave for the video . ]
George Bush is working at a breakneck pace to dismantle at least 10 major environmental safeguards protecting America 's wildlife , national parks and rivers before he leaves office in January .
With barely 60 days to go until Bush hands over to Barack Obama , his White House is working methodically to weaken or reverse an array of regulations that protect America 's wilderness from logging or mining operations , and compel factory farms to clean up dangerous waste .
In the latest such move this week , Bush opened up some 800,000 hectares ( 2 m acres ) of land in Rocky Mountain states for the development of oil shale , one of the dirtiest fuels on the planet .
The law goes into effect on January 17 , three days before Obama takes office .
The timing is crucial .
Most regulations take effect 60 days after publication , and Bush wants the new rules in place before he leaves the White House on January 20 .
That will make it more difficult for Obama to undo them .
" There are probably going to be scores of rules that are issued between now and January 20 , " said John Walke , a senior attorney at the National Resources Defence Council .
" And there are at least a dozen very controversial rules that will weaken public health and environment protection that have no business being adopted and would not be acceptable to the incoming Obama administration , based on stances he has taken as a senator and during the campaign . "
The flurry of new rules - known as midnight regulations - is part of a broader campaign by the Bush administration to leave a lasting imprint on environmental policy .
Some of the actions have provoked widespread protests such as the Bureau of Land Management 's plans to auction off 20,000 hectares of oil and gas parcels within sight of Utah 's Delicate Arch natural bridge .
The Bush administration is also accused of engaging in a parallel go - slow on court - ordered actions on the environment .
" There are the midnight regulations that they are trying to force out before they leave office , and then there are the other things they are trying not to do before they go .
A lot of the climate stuff falls into the category of things they would rather not do , " said a career official at the Environmental Protection Agency .
Other presidents have worked up to the final moments of their presidency to impose their legacy on history .
But Bush has been particularly organised in his campaign to roll back years of protections - not only on the environment , but workplace safety and employee rights .
" This is Bush trying to leave a legacy that supports his ideology , " said Gary Bass , executive director of OMB Watch , an independent Washington thinktank that monitors the White House office of management and budget .
" This was very strategic and it was in line of the ideology of the Bush administration which has been to put in place a free market and conservative agenda . "
The campaign got under way in May when the White House chief of staff , Joshua Bolten , wrote to government agencies asking them to forward proposals for rule changes .
Bolten had initially set a November 1 deadline on rule - making .
The White House denies that the flurry of rule changes is politically motivated .
" What the chief of staff wanted to avoid was this very charge that we would be trying to , in the dark of night in the last days of the administration , be rushing regulations into place ahead of the incoming , next administration , " Tony Fratto , the White House spokesman , told reporters .
But OMB
Watch notes that the office of management and budget website shows 83 rules reviewed from September 1 to October 31 this year - about double its workload in 2007 , 2006 and 2005 .
Meanwhile , the Bush administration cut short the timeframe for public comment .
In one instance , officials claimed to have reviewed 300,000 comments about changes to wildlife protection within the space of a week .
The new regulations include a provision that would free industrial - scale pig and cattle farms from complying with the Clean Water
Act so long as they declare they are not dumping animal waste in lakes and rivers .
The rule was finalised on October 31 .
Mountain - top mining operations will also be exempt from the Clean Water Act , allowing them to dump debris in rivers and lakes .
The rule is still under review at the OMB .
Coal - fired power plants will no longer be required to install pollution controls or clean up soot and smog pollution .
Yet another of the new rules , which has generated publicity , would allow the Pentagon and other government agencies to embark on new projects without first undertaking studies on the potential dangers to wildlife .
Announcements of further rule changes are expected in the next few days including one that would weaken regulation of perchlorate , a toxin in rocket fuel that can affect brain development in children , in drinking water .
The Bush strategy has prompted a fightback from environmentalists , the Democratic - controlled Congress , and members of the Obama transition team .
John Podesta , who is overseeing the transition , has said that Obama will review the last - minute actions , and will seek to repeal those that are " not in the interests of the country " .
Pollute , baby , pollute
The last - minute rules passed during the " midnight hours " of the George Bush presidency differ from his predecessors because they are basically a project of deregulation - not regulation .
Among the most far - reaching :
• Industrial - size pig , cow and chicken farms can disregard the Clean Water Act and air pollution controls .
• The interior department can approve development such as mining or logging without consulting wildlife managers about their impact .
• Restrictions will be eased so power plants can operate near national parks and wilderness areas .
• Pollution controls on new power plants will be downgraded .
• Mountain - top mine operators could dump waste into rivers and streams .
• 2 m acres of land in Utah , Wyoming and Colorado opened to development of oil shales , the dirtiest fuel on Earth .
Fighting the Financial Crisis Stocks Surge As EU Nations Unveil Bailout Packages
European stock markets soared on Monday as Germany , France and other euro zone countries presented their rescue plans to guarantee bank debt and inject capital into the financial sector .
But some analysts warn the stock market volatility may not be over .
Daily Headlines OBAMA'S CHOICES FOR DRUG CZAR AND AG by Eric Johnson , ( Source : Capitol Weekly )
More News Select a State See Map Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia FEDERAL Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Check State Laws
Share This Article
California
-------
Dear Editor :
Regarding the article about Obama 's choices for Drug Czar and AG , as a medical marijuana patient myself , but a Republican one , let me be the first to say , " I told you so . "
I say this here and have said it in the comments in the NORML blog article , the one which appeared in The Hill blog .
The sick and dying are not an important voting block , and I can guarantee that President elect Obama 's response to medical marijuana will be or already has been , " Pfffffffft , " as he shoves the folder off his desk onto the floor , which will be followed by the Presidential directive , " do n't let this come across my desk again , ever . "
The scientific evidence is clear that marijuana has multiple medical applications , some of which the Federal government has patents upon , although President - elect Obama must not have seen or has refused to review any of it , as he is on record as doubting the efficacy of marijuana as medicine .
President - elect Obama 's non-change on the ( medical ) marijuana front will show conclusively that prohibition and its drug war implementation is an uniquely bipartisan policy , which is loved , cherished and protected by both parties equally .
Under Clinton millions were arrested on marijuana charges , and medical marijuana users , meaning the sick and dying , were made the central target and fodder for the Clinton - McCaffery reign .
Under GW
Bush , millions were arrested on marijuana charges , including , still , the sick and dying , just as under Clinton , during the Bush - Walters - rule .
Why on Earth should we have expected anything different ?
This is , incidentally , one more in the now countless examples of the baby boom generation 's new credo under which it governs :
" It was OK for me when I did it , but not for you , now that I am in charge . "
Eric Johnson ,
Los Angeles
MAP posted - by : Larry Seguin
Share This Article
Pubdate : Wed , 26 Nov 2008
Source : Capitol Weekly ( Sacramento , CA )
Copyright : 2008 Capitol Weekly Group
Contact : news@capitolweekly.net
Website : http://www.capitolweekly.net
Details : http://www.mapinc.org/media/4194
Author : Eric Johnson
Note : Title by map Newshawk
These are the first pictures from the upcoming ‘s “ ” – the adaptation of ‘s novel . “ ” follow - up , “ Angels and Demons ” film stars , and The movie continues the sleuthing adventures of Robert Langdon ( Tom Hanks ) , a Harvard expert in religious symbols who discovers a conspiracy to destroy the Vatican .
USA Today also have published an interview with “ Angels and Demons ” producer .
“ Angels and Demons ” opens in theaters May 15th , 2009 .
Video games are predicted to become the UK 's most popular form of entertainment this year , it was reported today .
UK consumers are expected to spend £ 4.64bn on video games in 2008 - an increase of 42 % - with music and video sales accounting for a total of £ 4.46bn , analysts from Verdict Research told the BBC .
According to research , the video games market has more than doubled in value in the last five years , with the popularity of new titles such as Grand Theft Auto IV and FIFA 08 and the Nintendo Wii contributing to the massive growth .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
However , the Entertainment Retailers Association ( ERA ) told the BBC the figures may prove misleading because they include sales of games hardware as well as software .
Steve Redmond , of the ERA , said : " There is no doubt that the games sector is having a fantastic year .
But these figures overstate that by including games hardware .
" Our prediction is that games will overtake video by the end of this year , but not music and video combined . "
The ERA 's 2007 figures put games software sales at £ 1.7bn , and revenues for music at £ 1.4bn and video at £ 2.2bn .
But a shift in consumer behaviour towards buying CDs and DVDs online means high street retailers are in for tough times , Verdict Research said .
Digital downloads only make up around 4 % of music and video sales .
Malcolm Pinkerton of Verdict Research told the BBC : " The music and video market is not just suffering from a slowing of growth but a massive transfer of spend to online . "
He said high street music retailers such as HMV and Zavvi were having to adapt to a difficult climate .
" They 're cutting back on space in music and re-allocating it to more lucrative areas such as MP3 players , books , clothing and video games . "
The idea that Democrats try to win elections by arranging for hordes of nonexistent people with improbable names to vote for them has long been a favorite theme of Rove-era Republicans .
Now it ’s become a desperate obsession .
Consider today ’s fund - raising e-mail from Robert M. ( Mike ) Duncan , chairman of the Republican National Committee .
Some snippets :
Every election , it ’s the same old song and dance from the Democrats and their liberal allies when it comes to donor and vote fraud .
They will soon be trying to pad their totals at ballot boxes across the country with votes from voters that do not exist .
From Ohio and Florida to Wisconsin and Nevada , there are reports of fraudulent voter registration forms being submitted by the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ( ACORN ) , a liberal group that is dedicating its resources to electing the Obama - Biden Democrats .
The e-mail climaxes with this pledge , which one hopes is delivered with a Sarah Palin wink : “ We will not stand for the stealing of the election — the tainting of our democracy — by those who wish to subvert the rule of law . ”
ACORN has become the 24/7 story on Fox News , too , on account of reports that it has submitted several thousand phony registration forms to local boards of elections .
These reports appear to be true .
Nevertheless , the “ scandal , ” as Fox calls it , is itself on its face as phony as Mickey Mouse ’s social security number .
During this election cycle , the Times reported today , ACORN has deployed thirteen thousand mostly paid workers , who have registered 1.3 million new voters .
One or two per cent of these workers turned in sheaves of forms that they filled out themselves with fake names and bogus addresses , and , even though at least a hundred of these workers have already been fired , the forged forms have been submitted to election boards .
Sounds suspicious — unless you know that groups like ACORN are required by law to submit them , even if they ’re obvious fakes .
This is to prevent funny business , such as trashing forms that look like they might be Republican ( or Democratic , as the case may be ) .
Sounds suspicious — unless you know that ACORN normally sorts through forms , flags those that look fishy , and submits the fishy ones in a separate pile for the convenience of election officials .
Sounds suspicious — until you reflect that the motivation of the misbehaving registration workers is almost always to look like they ’ve been doing more work than they really have , and that the victim of the “ fraud ” is actually the organization they ’re working for .
Sounds suspicious — unless you know that even if one of these fake forms results in a nonexistent person actually being registered , now under the Help America Vote Act of 2002 , “ any voter who has not previously voted in a federal election ” must provide identification in order to actually cast a ballot .
This will make it tough for Mickey Mouse , even if registered , to vote , no matter how big , round , or black his ears .
Likewise , members of the Duck family ( Donald , Daisy , Huey , Dewey , and Louie ) who turn up at the polling place will have a hard time getting into the voting booth .
( Uncle Scrooge might be able to bribe his way in , but he ’s voting Republican anyway . )
Sounds suspicious — unless you know that despite all the hysteria , from 2002 to 2005 , only twenty people in the entire United States of America were found guilty of voting while ineligible and only five of voting more than once .
By contrast , consider the lede on this story , published a week ago today :
Tens of thousands of eligible voters in at least six swing states have been removed from the rolls or have been blocked from registering in ways that appear to violate federal law , according to a review of state records and Social Security data by The New York Times .
And take it from Sarah Palin : the Times is “ hardly ever wrong . ”
As mammals , we can't see in the UV region without technological aid , so most of us probably have never noticed that optimally ripe bananas actually fluoresce blue .
Scientists also overlooked this phenomenon until Austrian and American chemists carefully studied the breakdown of chlorophylls in the peels of ripening bananas .
In an advanced Angewandte Chemie article , they reported that the natural process of aging is what causes bananas to glow blue under UV light .
Image © Wiley .
As plants age , they lose their green color because the chlorophylls that are vital for photosynthesis get converted into colorless chemicals called NCCs ( Nonfluorescent Chlorophyll Catabolites ) .
NCCs are found in aging leaves and the peels of ripe fruit like bananas , apples , and pears .
On the way to forming NCCs , chlorophylls do go through a brief intermediate state where they are Fluorescent Chlorophyll Catabolites , which are ( surprise ! ) fluorescent .
However , FCCs have only been detected in minute quantities in plants because they are normally very short - lived .
Thus , scientists were amazed to find that ripe bananas glowed blue under UV light ( you have to wonder if someone accidently threw a banana peel under a UV light , or if they screened for this on purpose ) .
They studied the strength of the blue luminescence relative to a banana 's storage time and found that green bananas , which have plenty of chlorophylls , had virtually zero fluorescence .
The fluorescence of the peel would steadily increase until it reached a maximum after 2 days of storage .
The production of FCCs from the degradation of chlorophylls occurred when the bananas are the most yellow .
Then , the fluorescence decreased rapidly until the peel had very little luminescence by day 5 , as the FCCs continued on the path of aging and were converted to NCCs .
In white light , the bananas would appear dark yellow with brown spots at this stage .
By studying the structure of the FCCs in bananas , the chemists found that a key chemical modification changed a free acid group typical of FCCs to an ester functional group .
They propose that the ester group is responsible for the added stability of banana FCCs , allowing them to accumulate long enough to be seen under UV light before they undergo further chemical reactions .
As to why this occurs in bananas , the scientists speculate that animals with vision in the UV region may use the blue luminescence when looking for a suitable meal .
Whatever the reason , you can still take advantage of this research .
If you 're ever in doubt of your banana 's ripeness and have access to a black light , you know what to do .
Angewandte Chemie Int. Ed. , 2008 .
DOI : 10.1002/anie.200803189
Electronic devices dislike me .
There is never a day when something is n’t ailing .
Three out of these five implements — answering machine , fax machine , printer , phone and electric can -opener — all dropped dead on me in the past few days .
Now something has gone wrong with all three television sets .
They will get only Sarah Palin .
I can play a kind of Alaskan roulette .
Any random channel clicked on by the remote brings up that eager face , with its continuing assaults on the English Lang .
There she is with Larry and Matt and just about everyone else but Dr. Phil ( so far ) .
If she is not yet on “ Judge Judy , ” I suspect it ca n’t be for lack of trying .
What have we done to deserve this , this media blitz that the astute Andrea Mitchell has labeled “ The Victory Tour ” ?
I suppose it will be recorded as among political history ’s ironies that Palin was brought in to help John McCain .
I ca n’t blame feminists who might draw amusement from the fact that a woman managed to both cripple the male she was supposed to help while gleaning an almost Elvis - sized following for herself .
Mac loses , Sarah wins big - time was the gist of headlines .
I feel a little sorry for John .
He aimed low and missed .
What will ambitious politicos learn from this ?
That frayed syntax , bungled grammar and run-on sentences that ramble on long after thought has given out completely are a candidate ’s valuable traits ?
And how much more of all that lies in our future if God points her to those open - a - crack doors she refers to ?
The ones she resolves to splinter and bulldoze her way through upon glimpsing the opportunities , revealed from on high .
What on earth are our underpaid teachers , laboring in the vineyards of education , supposed to tell students about the following sentence , committed by the serial syntax - killer from Wasilla High and gleaned by my colleague Maureen Dowd for preservation for those who ask , “ How was it she talked ? ”
My concern has been the atrocities there in Darfur and the relevance to me with that issue as we spoke about Africa and some of the countries there that were kind of the people succumbing to the dictators and the corruption of some collapsed governments on the continent , the relevance was Alaska ’s investment in Darfur with some of our permanent fund dollars .
And , she concluded , “ never , ever did I talk about , well , gee , is it a country or a continent , I just do n’t know about this issue . ”
It ’s admittedly a rare gift to produce a paragraph in which whole clumps of words could be removed without noticeably affecting the sense , if any .
( A cynic might wonder if Wasilla High School ’s English and geography departments are draped in black . )
( How many contradictory and lying answers about The Empress ’s New Clothes have you collected ?
I ’ve got , so far , only four .
Your additional ones welcome . )
Matt Lauer asked her about her daughter ’s pregnancy and what went into the decision about how to handle it .
Her “ answer ” did not contain the words “ daughter , ” “ pregnancy , ” “ what to do about it ” or , in fact , any two consecutive words related to Lauer ’s query .
I saw this as a brief clip , so I do n’t know whether Lauer recovered sufficiently to follow up , or could only sit there , covered in disbelief .
If it happens again , Matt , I bequeath you what I heard myself say once to an elusive guest who stiffed me that way : “ Were you able to hear any part of my question ? ”
At the risk of offending , well , you , for example , I worry about just what it is her hollering fans see in her that makes her the ideal choice to deal with the world ’s problems : collapsed economies , global warming , hostile enemies and our current and far - flung twin battlefronts , either of which may prove to be the world ’s second “ 30 Years ’ War . ”
Has there been a poll to see if the Sarah - ites are numbered among that baffling 26 percent of our population who , despite everything , still maintain that President George has done a heckuva job ?
A woman in one of Palin ’s crowds praised her for being “ a mom like me … who thinks the way I do ” and added , for ill measure , “ That ’s what I want in the White House . ”
Fine , but in what capacity ?
Do this lady ’s like - minded folk wonder how , say , Jefferson , Lincoln , the Roosevelts , et al ( add your own favorites ) managed so well without being soccer moms ?
Without being whizzes in the kitchen , whipping up moose soufflés ?
Without executing and wounding wolves from the air and without promoting that sad , threadbare hoax — sexual abstinence — as the answer to the sizzling loins of the young ?
( In passing , has anyone observed that hunting animals with high - powered guns could only be defined as sport if both sides were equally armed ? )
I ’d love to hear what you think has caused such an alarming number of our fellow Americans to fall into the Sarah Swoon .
Could the willingness to crown one who seems to have no first language have anything to do with the oft - lamented fact that we seem to be alone among nations in having made the word “ intellectual ” an insult ?
( And yet …and yet …we did elect Obama .
Surely not despite his brains . )
Sorry about all of the foregoing , as if you did n’t get enough of the lady every day in every medium but smoke signals .
I do not wish her ill .
But I also do n’t wish us ill .
I hope she continues to find happiness in Alaska .
May I confess that upon first seeing her , I liked her looks ?
With the sound off , she presents a not uncomely frontal appearance .
But now , as the Brits say , “ I ’ll be glad to see the back of her . ”
**********
PS : Lagniappe for English mavens :
A friend of mine has made you laugh greatly over the years .
David Lloyd is a comic genius ( I can hear you wince , David ) who wrote for “ The Mary Tyler Moore Show , ” “ Cheers , ” “ Taxi , ” “ Frasier , ” Jack Paar , Johnny Carson and me , not necessarily in that order .
As a language fan , he has preserved many gems for posterity in his prodigious memory bank .
Here comes my favorite :
A Navy lecturer was talking about some directives on the blackboard that he said to do something about , “ except for these here ones with the asteroids in back of . ”
Even David could n’t make that up .
Rahm Emanuel apologised to Arab - Americans on behalf of his family President - elect Barack Obama 's White House chief - of - staff Rahm Emanuel has apologised to the US - Arab community for remarks made by his father .
Benjamin Emanuel told an Israeli newspaper that his son , who is Jewish , would " obviously influence the president to be pro-Israel " .
He also referred to Arabs in a way which a leading Arab - American group called an " unacceptable smear " .
A spokesman for Rahm Emanuel said he had called the group to apologise .
Mr Emanuel also offered to meet members of the American - Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee .
In the interview last week with the Israeli daily newspaper Ma'ariv , Israeli - born Benjamin Emanuel talked about his son's new job .
Anger at remarks
He said : " Obviously he 'll influence the president to be pro-Israel .
Why would n't he ?
What is he , an Arab ?
He 's not going to be mopping floors at the White House . "
His remarks angered the American - Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee , which called on Rahm Emanuel to condemn them .
On Thursday , his office issued a statement saying that the veteran Democratic congressman had called the group 's president , Mary Rose Oakar .
We cannot allow Arabs and Muslims to be portrayed in these unacceptable terms
Mary Rose Oakar , American - Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee
It said that he had " apologised on behalf of his family and offered to meet with representatives of the Arab - American community at an appropriate time in the future " .
On its website , the committee quoted Mr Rahm as saying : " From the fullness of my heart , I personally apologise on behalf of my family and me .
These are not the values upon which I was raised or those of my family . "
Ms Oakar welcomed the apology , saying : " We cannot allow Arabs and Muslims to be portrayed in these unacceptable terms . "
Rahm Emanuel served as deputy chief of staff to Bill Clinton and analysts say he has a reputation for forceful negotiation and unwavering loyalty .
As Mr Obama 's chief of staff - and one of his closest advisers - he will be responsible for delivering the president 's policy platform .
Some Middle East commentators have voiced concern about the appointment of Mr Emanuel , who has a pro-Israel record .
However , the congressman himself dismissed the idea and said that Mr Obama did not need his influence to " orientate his policy toward Israel " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Today is the first day of foss .
in/2008 , and on this occasion , I ’m happy to announce the first public release of my Creative - Commons licensed book on the Vim 7 editor .
This book is meant for both beginners and advanced users .
For beginners , it walks you through the first steps to learning about modes , discusses about typing skills to be effective and moves on to the editing basics .
This book will definitely appeal more to people who are Vim users already because it helps add a huge number of tricks to their arsenal , whether it is more efficient editing , personal information management , coding your own plugins or making Vim a programmers ’ editor .
I hope that fellow Vimmers will find these notes useful .
Even though it is in a book format , the writing style is more like a tutorial and is informal , which should be familiar to readers of my Python book .
Both books are under the Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike 3.0 license , so you ’re free to download it , email it , share it and improve it .
In fact , the book is on a wiki , so you can just click on ‘ Edit ’ in the left sidebar of any chapter to improve the book in a matter of seconds .
When in doubt , please use the ‘ Discussion ’ link to add your suggestions and comments .
For those who prefer reading books they can hold in their hand , please consider purchasing a printed copy of the book .
This will also help support the continued development of the book .
For those PHP gurus familiar with GeSHi syntax highlighting , I would greatly appreciate any help in improving my vim syntax highlighting source , especially in handling Vim - style comments , etc .
Please mail me if you can help .
This book has been in the works for several years , so I ’m glad to see it finally in good enough shape for releasing it .
Although I have n’t done as many rewrites as I would have been satisfied with , I decided it was better to < insert cliché of “ Release Early , Release Often . ” >
I dedicate this release to foss .in and GTD principles .
UPDATE : Focus on the Family announced this afternoon that 202 jobs will be cut companywide — an estimated 20 percent of its workforce .
Initial reports bring the total number of remaining employees to around 950 .
Focus on the Family is poised to announce major layoffs to its Colorado Springs - based ministry and media empire today .
The cutbacks come just weeks after the group pumped more than half a million dollars into the successful effort to pass a gay - marriage ban in California .
Critics are holding up the layoffs , which come just two months after the organization ’s last round of dismissals , as a sad commentary on the true priorities of the ministry .
“ If I were their membership I would be appalled , ” said Mark Lewis , a longtime Colorado Springs activist who helped organize a Proposition 8 protest in Colorado Springs on Saturday .
“ That [ Focus on the Family ] would spend any money on anything that ’s obviously going to get blocked in the courts is just sad .
[ Prop. 8 ] is guaranteed to lose , in the long run it does n’t have a chance — it ’s just a waste of money . ”
In all , Focus pumped $ 539,000 in cash and another $ 83,000 worth of non-monetary support into the measure to overturn a California Supreme Court ruling that allowed gays and lesbians to marry in that state .
The group was the seventh - largest donor to the effort in the country .
The cash contributions are equal to the salaries of 19 Coloradans earning the 2008 per capita income of $ 29,133 .
In addition Elsa Prince , the auto parts heiress and longtime funder of conservative social causes who sits on the Focus on the Family board , contributed another $ 450,000 to Prop .
8 .
“ They should do more with their half - million dollars than spending it to collect signatures to take the rights away from a class of people , ” said Fred Karger , the founder of the anti-Prop 8 group Californians Against Hate .
“ I think it ’s wrong and it ’s hurtful to so many Americans . ”
In addition to promoting socially conservative issues such opposition to abortion and gay rights , and supporting abstinence - only education , the evangelical Christian ministry is a purveyor of Christian books , CDs and DVDs .
Two months ago , citing Wal - Mart and online retailers as having cut into its product market , Focus announced that 46 employees would be laid off from its distribution department .
Late Friday , Focus spokesman Gary Schneeberger confirmed that more layoffs are in store , but said the ministry will not release details until Monday afternoon .
Schneeberger hinted that some programs may be eliminated entirely , but declined to elaborate .
“ We ’re going to need to talk to our own family first , ” he said .
“ We need to respect the people who are affected . ”
Schneeberger also refused to discuss the funding priorities that Focus made this fall , including pumping money and in - kind contributions into Proposition 8 .
This is the third year that Focus has laid off employees due to budget cuts .
In its heyday , the ministry , which relocated to Colorado Springs from Arcadia , Calif. , in 1991 , employed more than 1,500 people .
Many of those employees worked in mailroom and line assembly jobs , processing so much incoming and outgoing correspondences that the U.S. Postal Service gave Focus its own ZIP code .
In September 2005 , nearly 80 employees were reassigned or laid off in an effort to trim millions of dollars from its 2006 budget .
In addition , 83 open positions were not filled in the layoff , which included eliminating some of the ministry ’s programs .
At the time , Focus employed 1,342 full - time employees .
“ To the extent that we can place them within the ministry , we will try to do that , ” said then - spokesman Paul Hetrick .
“ Most of them will not be able to be placed . ”
In September 2007 , amid a reported $ 8 million in budget shortfalls , Focus on the Family laid off another 30 employees ; 15 more were reassigned within the company .
Most of the layoffs were from Focus ’ constituent response services department ( i.e. the mailroom ) .
At the time , Schneeberger , who had replaced Hetrick , said that giving was actually up by $ 1 million during the fiscal year .
However , a very “ aggressive ” budget goal of $ 150 million did not materialize .
In a statement issued this September , marking the end of the ministry ’s fiscal year , Chief Operating Officer Glenn Williams weighed in on the additional layoffs of 46 people .
“ It is certainly heartbreaking that in this case fulfilling that duty means having to say goodbye to some members of our Focus family , but industry realities really leave us no alternative , ” he note in his statement .
“ We are accountable to our donors to spend their money in the most cost - effective and productive manner possible . ”
But Lewis , the Colorado Springs activist , wonders whether the families who donate to the nonprofit ministry , realize where their funds really end up .
“ Seriously , I would imagine their supporters have got to be asking the question about whether their church is really practicing their theology . ”
For Lewis , who is straight , the issue boils down to the significance of targeting a class of citizens for exclusion , at the expense of the families that the ministry could be helping — in this case their own employees .
Lewis likened Proposition 8 to Colorado ’s Amendment 2 , the 1992 anti-gay measure that was designed to prohibit gays and lesbians from seeking legal protections .
Colorado voters approved the measure , which was marketed by proponents , including Focus on the Family , as an effort to prohibit gays and lesbians from seeking “ special rights . ”
The U.S. Supreme Court stuck down the measure as unconstitutional four years later .
“ You ca n’t make homosexuals second class citizens — we ’ve learned that already , ” Lewis said .
“ People will look back on this and see how absurd it is . ”
Days before this year ’s election , Focus founder James Dobson appeared at a closing rally at Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego to rally the anti-gay troops .
Karger of Californians Against Hate , termed the rally a “ big bust . ”
Organizers promised that more than 70,000 supporters would show up ; the final tally was close to 10,000 , he said .
Yet three days later , California voters approved the measure with 52 percent of the vote .
While the measure will certainly head back to court , California has become the 31st state in the country to pass measures that define marriage as being between a man and woman only .
In all , Proposition 8 has proven to be the most expensive social issue in the country , with more than $ 73 million pumped into the cause from both sides .
One of the larger contributors to the anti-Prop.
8 efforts was Colorado gay philanthropist Tim Gill , who contributed $ 720,000 to oppose the measure .
“ I ’m very disturbed by organizations from out of state like Focus on the Family , ” Karger said .
“ They came in early to make sure the measure got on ballot ; they ’ve got muscle and they are out to hurt a lot of people and destroy a lot of lives . ”
Thanksgiving and the annual debate over that damn
with the Durkee ’s fried onions on top is coming up fast .
Will you offer an urbane alternative like
to your recalcitrant relatives , or break down and make it according to the back - of - the - can recipe with Campbell ’s Cream of Mushroom Soup this year ?
Some time back , when I was a more earnest foodie , cream of mushroom soup was anathama to me .
I had eaten gallons of the stuff in my childhood .
My mother made everything from tuna casserole to beef burgundy with it .
But I had higher principles .
The red and white can was nowhere to be found in my pantry .
And then I tried to make creamed spinach .
I first discovered creamed spinach in a fancy chop house in Manhattan when I was an impressionable teenager .
It was snuggled up alongside a big juicy medium - rare New York strip .
I loved the way it mixed with the jus from the steak and oozed all over the crispy , salty potatoes .
Once I started cooking , I was eager to whip up my own .
The first attempt , in which I intuitively combined spinach and cream in a pan , was a total disaster .
Creamed spinach is n’t really made with cream , a chef friend explained , it ’s made with béchamel .
is n’t really all that hard , but it takes a half and hour and requires a few pots and pans .
And then there ’s all that sandy fresh spinach to clean .
“ It ’s a hell of a lot easier if you just use frozen spinach and Cream of Mushroom Soup , ” my chef friend suggested .
I was shocked .
This guy worked in a famous fine dining restaurant .
And he was recommending mushroom soup ?
Then he said something I ’ve never forgotten , “ Campbell ’s Cream of Mushroom Soup is America ’s béchamel . ”
Come to think of it , I do n’t think I have ever seen anybody eat a bowl of the stuff .
Does it exist solely to thicken sauces ?
And if so , does n’t that make it all right to use it ?
It ’s an intriguing heresy , but it leaves the door wide open to Lipton Onion Soup mix and that entire way of thinking .
In the “ convenience cuisine ” cookbook by Andrew Schloss called Almost From Scratch , he argued that seasoning mixes , salsas and other stuff in cans , boxes , and bottles actually give home cooks the ability to attempt more ambitious dishes .
When a chef walks into the kitchen , the onions are chopped , the stocks are made , the béchamel is ready , and so is the rest of the preparation .
The kitchen help does the chef 's mise en place -- so why not let the grocery store do yours ?
Schloss suggested .
There is a backlash against foodies emerging in the wake of the financial meltdown .
Sure , you could fry your own onions , prepare your own béchamel and substitute haricot verts in that infernal green bean casserole .
You could also peel fresh pumpkins for the pumpkin pie .
But when does it all become too ridiculous ?
Is this the year we all reach for the can opener and fly the red and white flag of surrender ?
-- Robb Walsh
Obama 's ambiguity : What it reveals about Mideast ' peace '
November 13 , 2008
Sons are not responsible for the racism of their fathers .
But they do have a responsibility to let others know that they disagree vehemently with such sentiments .
This is certainly the case for individuals in public service , particularly the man President - elect Barack Obama has chosen as White House chief of staff .
Yet , Rep. Rahm Emanuel has not said a word regarding the troubling statement his father made to the Israeli newspaper Ma'ariv .
In a recent interview , Dr. Benjamin Emanuel asserted that his son's appointment would be beneficial to Israel .
" Obviously he will influence the president to be pro-Israel , " the elder Emanuel said , according to the Jerusalem Post .
" Why would n't he be ?
What is he , an Arab ?
He 's not going to clean the floors of the White House . "
The public has a right to expect Mr. Emanuel to reject such raw racism especially given the historic resonance of Mr. Obama 's victory .
It 's especially important for Arab and Muslim Americans who came through the election campaign feeling they are the last group of Americans who can still be publicly denigrated .
Mr. Emanuel - whose father fought with the Irgun , the pre-state Jewish militia that carried out terrorist attacks on Palestinians and the British in the 1940s - has a hawkishly pro-Israel record .
He has never publicly distanced himself from his father 's contribution to the dispossession of more than 750,000 Palestinians , nor criticized Israel 's frequent attacks on Palestinian communities that have killed and maimed thousands of civilians .
In June 2003 , Mr. Emanuel signed a letter criticizing President Bush for being insufficiently supportive of Israel .
" We were deeply dismayed to hear your criticism of Israel for fighting acts of terror , " Mr. Emanuel , along with 33 other Democrats , wrote to Mr. Bush .
The letter asserted that Israel 's policy of assassinating Palestinian political leaders " was clearly justified as an application of Israel 's right to self - defense . "
Such killings violate the Geneva Conventions , and the State Department 's human - rights report specified that there were more civilian bystanders killed in Israeli assassination attempts than actual targets in 2003 .
For Palestinians , long experience suggests that no matter who occupies the White House , their rights and aspirations will always be a distant second to Israel 's preferences .
The U.S. role as an " honest broker " is in tatters , not just because of Mr. Bush 's legacy , but also because the Clinton administration acted , during years of peace negotiations , as " Israel 's lawyer , " as Aaron David Miller , a former top State Department official , memorably admitted .
Previously , Mr. Obama was more open to hearing different viewpoints and expressed understanding for the plight of Palestinians under Israeli military occupation .
Many still remember his statement in Iowa : " Nobody is suffering more than the Palestinian people . "
He later hedged , however , asserting it was the Palestinians ' own leadership , rather than Israel 's , at fault .
Such ambiguity has fueled wild speculation about Mr. Obama 's pro-Israel bona fides .
Picking Mr. Emanuel may be intended to shore up those credentials , but is hardly Mr. Obama 's first indication that he will embrace hawkish supporters of Israel .
His speech to AIPAC , the pro-Israel lobby , just after he won his party 's presidential nomination in June , angered people across the Arab world for embracing Israel 's exclusive claims to Jerusalem and for its one - sided criticism of Palestinians .
On a highly symbolic visit in July , Mr. Obama spent almost all his time meeting Israelis and less than an hour with Palestinians .
Palestinians were further dismayed by Mr. Obama 's support for Israel 's blockade of the Gaza Strip .
Mr. Obama 's recent outlook would be less worrying if it included efforts to hear the widest range of views .
But responding to criticism he was insufficiently pro-Israel , Mr. Obama distanced himself from establishment figures holding independent views like former National Security Adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski and Robert Malley , a more even - handed figure in President Clinton 's Middle East team .
And when Sen. John McCain attacked Mr. Obama for associating with a mainstream Palestinian - American Columbia University professor , Mr. Obama failed to defend his right to consult with whomever he pleases on a critical , if divisive , issue .
Palestinians watching these developments are concerned that Mr. Obama will surround himself with pro-Israel veterans - such as Dennis Ross , who long headed the peace process for President Clinton - who will push for the familiar one - sided policies that allowed Israel to expand its settlements and wall Palestinians off in impoverished , isolated ghettos .
The fundamental change that Mr. Obama promised would mean viewing Israelis and Palestinians as equally deserving of rights and security , something the U.S. has never done in practice .
Brent Scowcroft , former national security advisor , stressed recently on CNN the importance of getting started early on Israeli - Palestinian peace .
Mr. Scowcroft noted that " we have removed ... with this election a lot of that sense of injustice in this country .
We ought to try to do it in the Middle East . "
He 's right .
But with Mr. Obama tapping Mr. Emanuel to be his gatekeeper , injustice in the Middle East seems more apt to go unaddressed than it did election night .
Ali Abunimah , an author , is a fellow at the Palestine Center .
Even as midprice hotels began losing business this past summer , luxury hotels continued to fill their rooms .
Companies treated the hotels as perks for top executives and quality locations for high - level business meetings .
And many leisure travelers considered a stay at a top hotel  even for a couple of days  to be worth the cost .
Times have changed .
Since mid-September , almost in parallel with the stock market turmoil , demand for fancy hotel rooms has plummeted .
Patrick Ford , the president of Lodging Econometrics , said that luxury hotel room revenue rates “ slowed in mid-September and really ratcheted downward during October . ”
Revenue per available room , the standard measure of performance , dropped 14 percent at upscale and luxury hotels in the week ending Oct. 18 over the comparable week last year , according to Smith Travel Research .
For hotels in general , the decline was about 8 percent .
Even in the best of economic times , most luxury hotels were not sustained by business from rich leisure travelers .
Instead , those hotels depended on corporate travel , including meetings and conferences .
Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare made the welcome change of extracting the franchise from the endless rut of World War II and moved it into the 21 century .
When Treyarch announced that they where moving the game back into the trenches of Normandy , fans where left stunned .
It seemed to make no sense why this was happening .
I must admit that I was definitely skeptical going in , but tried not to let my preconceived notions get in the way .
After securing some hands on time with the multiplayer beta , I can assure fans Call of Duty 4 , that there is absolutely nothing to worry about .
Based on the Call of Duty 4 game engine , everything looks crisp and and detailed .
Combine that with a rock solid framerate of sixty frames per second , and you have a recipe for a guaranteed success .
All of the trademarks of the franchise have made a triumphant return , while adding in the variety that COD 4 was lacking .
The multiplayer gameplay feels like Call Of Duty 4 , with a vintage skin .
Aesthetic , feel and control have remained the same , while still customizing the game enough to give the impression of an entirely new game .
Most importantly , it looks as if Treyarch has distilled what makes World War II games compelling and chose to emphasize that through the gameplay .
With locations straight out of the history book , you can't help but feel like you are in the middle of a conflict that is something far more that just you .
This is further amplified when you are thrown into a gametype that teamwork is the key .
Communication is now more inporant than ever , becuase of the introduction of the new powerup , attack dogs .
Seemly out of nowhere , those diabolical bastards will attack you , unless your teammates have your back .
If this communction is not there , you are almost guaranteed defeat .
Also making the transition for Call of Duty 4 is the leveling up and perk system .
Even though this component works identically to how it has operated in the past , the weapons have obviously seen a significant change .
As you could expect , all weapons are authentic to the period of World War II and lack benefit of the power assist weapons found in the last game .
All in all , so far the multiplayer has delivered solid gameplay that is a perfect balance of the new and the old .
We will have a full review when the game hits retail in mid November .
Check out the trailer for Call of Duty : World at War below :
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
If Barack Obama wins New Mexico on November 4 , he may want to thank Wizipan Garriott , the vote director of what the Obama campaign calls its “ First Americans ” voter outreach program .
The effort targets the politically neglected but heavily Democratic Native American vote , which Obama strategists believe could be critical to putting some historically red states into play for Obama .
The Obama campaign is reluctant to discuss the details of its ground game , but it ’s clear the campaign ’s Native American outreach strategy is extensive .
The campaign has two Chicago - based staffers devoted to coordinating the nationwide effort , and Garriott has recruited locals on reservations around the country to serve as paid organizers .
Montana , Alaska , North Dakota , Wisconsin , Michigan , and New Mexico have all been targeted at points in the campaign .
“ If you ’re going to compete in traditionally red states as a Democrat , if you ’re going to expand the electoral map , then you ’re going to have to compete in places where native voices are of some considerable significance , ” says Keith Harper , a member of the Cherokee Nation who serves as the chair of Obama ’s Native American Policy Committee .
“ From time to time has a Democratic candidate opened an office on a reservation ?
Yes .
But we have native outreach directors in numerous states .
Before , it was hit or miss , little bit here , little bit there .
Right now it ’s a comprehensive effort . ”
One of Obama ’s signature promises during the primary was that he could expand the electoral map for Democrats .
And the Obama campaign sees an opening to do so in several reliably red states in the American West that have sizable Native American populations .
Native Americans make up only about 1 percent of the population in the crucial swing states of Nevada and Colorado .
But they ’re a significant presence in North Dakota ( 4.8 percent ) and Montana ( 6.4 percent ) .
And Indian country comprises nearly 10 percent of the population of New Mexico , which George W. Bush won by only a few thousand votes in 2004 .
“ Within many of these western states , particularly those who have over the last couple decades elected Republicans , one of the ways in which Democrats have been competitive is to ensure that they have been responsive to tribal communities , ” Harper says .
“ Democrats who have made a concerted effort to reach out to Indian country have solidified their base . ”
Mary Bowannie , a lecturer in Native American studies at the University of New Mexico who teaches a course called “ The Native Vote , ” says she ’s noticed the Obama campaign has placed more of an emphasis on Native American voters than past Democratic candidates .
“ There ’s really been a push to get out the vote in Native American communities , ” she says .
“ There ’s a lot of participation and excitement .
When [ John ]
Kerry ran , he had people on the ground , but it was very much focused on getting the tribal leadership behind them .
They did have some focus on community and getting out the vote , but not as much as they have recently . ”
It seems that the Obama campaign may be making its move for the Indian vote at just the right time , too .
George Hardeen , the communications director for Navajo Nation President Joe Shirley Jr. , who has endorsed Obama , says that Navajos appear to be paying more attention to politics this year than ever before : “ Access to information in a place as geographically isolated as the Navajo Nation is as great as it ever has been , and that alone has moved the message in .
So even traditional Navajo people like my mother - in - law , who speaks no English … she knows who Obama is , and she knows who John McCain is .
They ’re not watching Fox and CNN , but they are forming opinions . ”
Next page :
One race in particular exemplifies this bloc ’s ability to determine an election …
For observers of Native American politics , one race in particular exemplifies this bloc ’s ability to determine an election .
Late on election night in 2002 , Sen. Tim Johnson ( D - S.D. ) was losing , with only a few counties left to report .
It was already a banner election year for Republicans , who would finish the night having regained control of the Senate and expanded their majority in the House .
Among the last votes to come in that night were from the Pine Ridge Sioux Indian Reservation , which includes Shannon County , the least white , most Native American , and second - poorest county in America .
State Democrats ’ ambitious get - out - the - vote campaign had increased turnout among the state ’s Native Americans by more than 70 percent .
When all the votes were counted , more than 90 percent of Shannon County went for Johnson , who won by 524 votes over John Thune .
( Republicans would later claim , falsely , that “ phony Indian votes ” stole the election for Johnson . )
“ We swung that election , ” says Garriott .
“ And it was a huge win that reverberated around the nation .
Since that time , there ’s been a lot more attention paid to the Indian vote . ”
Indian country has also been credited with delivering Montana to Bill Clinton in 1992 and a Senate seat for Democrat Maria Cantwell in Washington in 2000 .
In 2006 , Montana Democrat Jon Tester unseated incumbent Conrad Burns due in part to vastly increased Native American turnout .
As Garriott notes , Indians ’ effectiveness as a voting bloc has traditionally been limited because Native Americans register to vote at far lower rates than the general population .
So if the Democrats need Indian country to win in the West , they ’re also going to need to raise registration rates .
In concert with its outreach program , the Obama campaign began soliciting endorsements from tribal leaders as early as January 2007 .
It has thus far received public support from more than 100 tribal leaders and more than 20 tribes .
Despite representing a state with no federally recognized tribes , Obama has put together a far - reaching Indian policy platform , calling for a White House senior adviser on Indian issues and a yearly “ Tribal G8 , ” which would bring leaders of different Indian nations together in Washington to meet with the president and help fashion the federal government ’s Native American policy agenda .
Sam Deloria , a long - time advocate of Native American causes , says endorsements are all well and good , but he ’s glad campaigns are no longer just focusing on tribal leaders .
“ Getting the tribal leadership to endorse you does n’t mean that they ’re going to put together a get - out - the - vote machine for you at their own expense , ” says Deloria , a lifelong independent .
Both parties are starting to realize , he says , “ If you want the votes , you ’re going to have to go out and get them . ”
So what about John McCain ?
If any Republican could have a shot at the Native American vote , it ’s the Arizona senator .
McCain represents a state with 20 federally recognized tribes and is a former chair of the Senate Indian Affairs committee , where he oversaw the investigation that put Jack Abramoff in jail for defrauding the Native American tribes that were his clients .
Hardeen , the Navajo president ’s spokesman , says McCain has a long history of maintaining good relationships with tribes .
When Hardeen was a reporter , McCain spoke to him briefly about his relationship with tribes .
“ He told me his proudest moment in politics was receiving the endorsement of every Arizona tribe when he ran for reelection in the Senate .
That ’s how well he was respected by tribes then , ” Hardeen says .
But for McCain the problem of history remains .
Native Americans are traditionally Democratic voters , so he is automatically at a disadvantage when trying to convince a poor , rural population with scant access to information to back him .
In many traditional homes ( known as “ hogans ” ) in Navajo country , it ’s common to see pictures of John F. Kennedy .
“ I ca n’t explain why John Kennedy resonated with traditional Navajo people going back all the way to the early ’ 60s , ” Hardeen says .
But he did .
And Obama is poised to benefit from that .
On Thursday , the AP reported John McCain was drastically cutting his ad spending in Colorado .
New Mexico has looked out of reach for the Republicans for some time .
Kalyn Free , the head of the Indigenous Democratic Network , an organization that focuses on recruiting Native American candidates and mobilizing Indian voters , does n’t think it ’s over yet .
But she ’s confident of one thing :
“ The next president of the United States will not win the White House without the Indian vote .
We ’ve come a long way . ”
Rebecca Sullivan , chief executive of the Historical Association , told the Times Educational Supplement : " There is some indication that there may be a drop in the time spent teaching history because of the way some schools are adopting the new curriculum and going for a cross curricular approach . "
We do not send our Market Briefing to this address .
Please try again
By Titus Hoskins © 2008
As a full - time webmaster and site owner , figuring out just what Google wants has been the most challenging aspect of running an online business .
For many webmasters
Google is the eight ton elephant in the room and you only have two options : upset the elephant and get trampled or quickly find out what it likes to consume and try to feed it .
In order to keep Google fed , webmasters have to jump through more than one set of hoops .
When it comes to getting top rankings in Google 's Index or SERPs , there are 200 of these hoops or ranking factors .
And if you want to play in Google 's ballpark , you have to try and master the majority of them .
For years , frustrated webmasters have been guessing and searching for these ranking factors .
Asking what does Google want ?
How does Google rank pages and keywords ?
How does Google want you to build your site ?
Ten years ago it would n't have mattered what Google thought of your site for it was n't even in the picture , but now when it comes to online search , Google is king of the hill .
And as we all know , kings get whatever they want .
Besides , any webmaster worth his salt , knows Google is what counts when it comes to organic traffic - you can achieve # 1 spots for a keyword in all three top search engines ( Yahoo and MSN being the other two light - weight contenders ) but Google will simply deliver the most traffic to your site .
Google does n't as yet have a monopoly on web search , but it 's getting close to 70 % of U.S. traffic and in some countries it 's up over 90 % .
But it 's not only the search numbers which makes Google king - it is the prestige and power of the Google brand name .
Google has truly permeated into popular culture and the public psyche like no other brand name in history .
Google brings respect and trust into the equation .
Web users respect and trust Google to give them a quality answer to their question .
That 's why it was rather ironic , that for years webmasters have been asking Google about their ranking system , their algorithm , their practices ... for years
Google remained for the most part silent .
This was mainly to keep at bay , those who would like to " game " the system in order to get high rankings within Google .
Until now that is , maybe it 's just me but does n't it appear that Google is suddenly opening up about its whole ranking procedures and what they expect from webmasters .
Maybe the answers have always been there , we just could n't find them .
However , a more likely scenario is that someone high up within Google made the decision to be more transparent when it comes to webmasters and how much they would tell them .
Forget Expensive PPC Advertising -
There is an Alternative !
In recent Webmaster live chats , Googlers Matt Cutts , Maile Ohye , among others ... have been honestly answering questions about what Google requires webmasters to do regarding their sites .
These are Q&A sessions dealing with the " burning questions " webmasters have had for years concerning Google and what Google wants .
Do a search in Google for " Google Webmaster Help | Google Groups " if you want to find these sessions .
Since I run several modest sites on webmaster tools and Internet marketing I am approached by more than a few people who want me to help them build their online site or business .
One of the major issues that always comes up somewhere in the process ( usually phrased in different ways ) is this question :
What does Google want ?
What does Google expect of my site ?
How do I get ranked high in Google ?
Mainly because my chief goal is to help these webmasters understand Google better in order to build a profitable site ; I have struggled and puzzled over this question for years .
What is Google 's Golden Rule ?
Many experts believe it is related to relevancy - the key to getting high rankings is how relevant your content is to the question being asked ?
Maybe so , but in order to explain it to a would - be webmaster , I had to find the words that would most appropriately sum up Google 's prime directive ?
After you go through all the SEO checkmarks , take into account the quality and uniqueness of your content , factor in the credibility and authority of your site and backlinks , and factor in the relevancy issue ... this was the simple Google Golden Rule I came up with :
" Always think of your visitor first when creating any content for your site . "
This may or may not be what Google is expecting but all indications are pointing in the direction of the " visitor 's experience " and how good you or your content make that experience ?
Google is serving up a product , it wants the user of their product to be happy with the results .
If they 're happy , Google is happy .
And if everyone 's happy then the kingdom grows .
Still anything as simple and as complicated as getting top rankings in Google can't be boiled down to a single catch phrase .
You must do your homework and a good starting point would be to thoroughly read Google 's Webmaster Guidelines .
Studying and listening to the latest Google webmaster chats may also prove beneficial and helpful .
However , there are still those 200 hoops you have to jump through and you must be extremely careful of how you build your site if you 're trying to please Google .
Listen when the king speaks .
Observe his rules .
Be on your guard , and it helps to become just a little paranoid .
And always , always remember , an elephant never forgets .
About The Author
The author is a full - time online marketer who has numerous websites .
For the latest web marketing tools try : BizwareMagic.com .
If you liked the SEO tips above , why not try the Free 7 Day Traffic course .
2008 Titus Hoskins .
This article may be freely distributed if this resource box stays attached .
Not surprisingly , then , Question 18 of the Obama application asks whether “ you , your spouse or any member of your immediate family ” have been affiliated with Fannie , Freddie , American International Group , Washington Mutual and any other institution getting a government bailout .
Under “ Domestic Help , ” the questionnaire asks the immigration status of applicants ’ housekeepers , nannies , chauffeurs and yard - workers , and whether applicants have paid the required taxes for household employees .
( Those questions reflect controversies that tripped up President Bill Clinton ’s first two nominees for attorney general in 1993 . )
“ Every transition is cumulative , ” said Michael Berman , a lawyer and lobbyist who worked in the transitions of both Mr. Clinton and President Jimmy Carter .
After reviewing the Obama application , Mr. Berman added , “ I am very happy I am not seeking a job in the federal government . ”
A former Clinton White House official who insisted on anonymity said in an e-mail message , “ I believe it is considerably more detailed than we had to fill out in ’ 93 .
Interesting that they want spouse information on everything  means lots of folks are going to have to list the very prominent  and controversial  companies that their spouses work / lobby for . ”
The first question asks applicants not just for a résumé , but for every résumé and biographical statement issued by them or others for the past 10 years  a likely safeguard against résumé falsehoods , one Clinton administration veteran said .
Most information must cover at least the past decade , including the names of anyone applicants lived with ; a chronological list of activities for which applicants were paid ; real estate and loans over $ 10,000 , and their terms , for applicants and spouses ; net worth statements submitted for loans , and organization memberships  in particular , memberships in groups that have discriminated on the basis of race , sex , disability , ethnicity , religion or sexual orientation .
There are no time limits for some information , including liens , tax audits , lawsuits , legal charges , bankruptcies or arrests .
Applicants must report all businesses with which they and their spouses have been affiliated or in which they have had a financial stake of more than 5 percent .
All gifts over $ 50 that they and their spouses have received from anyone other than close friends or relatives must be identified .
Where are we most likely to find truly alien life ?
The obvious ( though difficult ) place to look is on another planet or moon , whether that ’s under the icy crust of Europa , near the poles of Mars , or , perhaps , on one of the planets we ’re starting to discover orbiting distant stars .
Alternatively , we might be able to make alien life for ourselves , through the emerging discipline of bottom - up synthetic biology .
But what if alien life is to be found right under our noses , right here on earth , forming a kind of shadow biosphere ?
This provocative and fascinating hypothesis has been suggested by philosopher Carol Cleland and biologist Shelley Copley , both from the University of Colorado , Boulder , in their article “ The possibility of alternative microbial life on Earth ” ( PDF , International Journal of Astrobiology 4 , pp. 165-173 , 2005 ) .
The obvious objection to this suggestion is that if such alien life existed , we ’d have noticed it by now .
But , if it did exist , how would we know ?
We ’d be hard pressed to find it simply by looking under a microscope – alien microbial life , if its basic units were structured on the micro- or nano - scale , would be impossible to distinguish just by appearance from the many forms of normal microbial life , or for that matter from all sorts of structures formed by inorganic processes .
One of the surprises of modern biology is the huge number of new kinds of microbes that are discovered when , instead on relying on culturing microbes to identify them , one directly amplifies and sequences their nucleic acids .
But suppose there exists a class of life - forms whose biochemistry fundamentally differs from the system based on nucleic acids and proteins that all “ normal ” life depends on – life - forms whose genetic information is coded in a fundamentally different way .
There ’s a strong assumption that early in the ancestry of our current form of biology , before the evolution of the current DNA based genetic code , a simpler form of life must have existed .
So if descendants of this earlier form of life still exist on the earth , or if life on earth emerged more than once and some of the alternative versions still exist , detection methods that assume that life must involve nucleic acids will not help us at all .
Just as , until the development of the polymerase chain reaction as a tool for detecting unculturable microbes , we have been able to detect only a tiny fraction of the microbes that surround us , it ’s all too plausible that if alien life did exist around us we would not currently be able to detect it .
To find such alien life would be the scientific discovery of the century .
We ’d like to be able to make general statements about life in general – how it is to be defined , what are the general laws , not of biology but of all possible biologies , and , perhaps , how can one design and build new types of life .
But we find it difficult to do this at the moment , as we only know about one type of life and it ’s hard to generalise from a single example .
Even if it did n’t succeed , the effort of seriously looking for alien life on earth would be hugely rewarding in forcing us to broaden our notions of the various , very different , manifestations that life might take .
For users and app developers , the migration from the old to the new Facebook is now complete .
The “ www.new.facebook.com” domain is a thing of the past , though not without a hiccup – Facebook temporarily disabled apps.new.facebook.com a few times this weekend without notifying developers ahead of time , causing many app developers to experience drops in traffic .
The DNS issues have now been resolved ( pardon the pun ) , and everyone is back to using the standard facebook.com domain as of this evening .
The completed migration marks the end of a long saga for Facebook .
October 2008 marks the beginning of the next phase in the evolution of Facebook both as a communication platform and as an application platform .
I ’m sure the next year will definitely be as eventful as the last !
There is a carnival atmosphere across the country Kenya has declared Thursday a public holiday to celebrate the election of Barack Obama to the US presidency .
Mr Obama 's father was from Kenya and his victory has prompted jubilation across the country .
" We the Kenyan people are immensely proud of your Kenyan roots , " President Mwai Kibaki said .
The BBC's Juliet Njeri says Mr Obama 's step - grandmother was seen dancing and cheering jubilantly outside her house after the results were declared .
She says Mr Obama 's family stayed up all night in the western Kenyan village of Kogelo watching the election count , and they are now preparing for a big party .
Your victory has demonstrated that no person ... should not dare to dream of wanting to change the world for a better place
Nelson Mandela
Jubilation at Obama home African leaders from South Africa to Somalia have sent their congratulations to the US president - elect .
Nelson Mandela , South Africa 's first black president , welcomed Mr Obama 's victory as a sign of hope for everyone .
" Your victory has demonstrated that no person anywhere in the world should not dare to dream of wanting to change the world for a better place , " he said in a letter of congratulations .
Unifying In Kisumu city , near the Obamas ' home village , there is a carnival atmosphere and people have poured onto the streets singing Mr Obama 's praises , our reporter says .
Kogelo residents speak of their joy over Barack Obama 's victory
In pictures
Political leaders are expected to join massive celebrations planned in the city , which considers Mr Obama their chosen son , she says .
In January , Kisumu was the scene of running battles between members of the public and police after riots broke out over the Kenya 's contested elections .
But correspondents say the US election seems to be a unifying moment for the country , with people reported to be saying that Mr Obama 's victory is a victory for all Kenyans .
In the capital , crowds were seen singing and dancing , waving branches and carrying posters of Mr Obama along Ngong Road , one of Nairobi 's major highways .
" Your victory is not only an inspiration to millions of people all over the world , but it has special resonance with us here in Kenya , " Mr Kibaki said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Mr Obama 's victory is being celebrated across the continent .
South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said it showed " that for people of colour , the sky is the limit " .
The BBC 's world affairs correspondent Adam Mynott says Mr Obama will inherit a foreign policy legacy in Africa that has been one of the high points of the George Bush administration .
Earlier this year President Bush toured through five African nations and people greeted him in their thousands to applaud him for America 's huge contribution in the fight against HIV / Aids .
Since its launch five years ago , his Aids relief programme has spent more than $ 15 bn dollars ( £ 9.5 bn ) on the continent and saved many thousands of lives .
He says Africans will look to Mr Obama to deliver more when he takes office in January , and his difficulty will lie in matching the soaring expectations .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Dear dumb ass folowers of FSMism ,
There have been a lot of weird things that i have seen in my life before , but this tops them all .
Do you really believe that there is / was such a thing as a flying spaghetti monster ?
Seriously , how fucking old are you ?
I know there ’s such a thing as freedom of speech and expression , but this kinda shit should be banned .
Theres is only one God and one Holy Word .
Why dont you people get that ?
How much sense does it make to say that decreasing numbers of pirates lead to an increase in average global temperature ?
Is that science or some fifth grader trying to sound smart ?
You are the kinds of people I dread to meet in public .
If I were to ever have the displeasure of meeting your retarded ass , I would probably beat you senseless untill your stupid childish mind thought like a normal person and believed in something that sounds correct instead of just saying “ Eh , lets make a new religion .. and what the hell , our ‘ god ’ should be a clump of spaghetti .
Oh , and it should have eyes and be able to fly .
Lets bow down to it and see how many people follow suit ! ”
Damn you all to hell !!
Better yet , somebody should lock you in a fucking psychiatric ward for further examination because they obviously didnt do that enough when you dumb fucks were born .
I hope this web page is taken off the web as quickly as it was put up .
– Sincerly ,
ANNONYMOUS
KANSAS CITY , Mo. --
Things have n't been the same around here since the City Council banished the mayor 's wife from City Hall .
The September decision infuriated Democratic Mayor Mark Funkhouser , who insists he works best with his wife at his side .
So lately , he has been conducting city business several days a week in his three - bedroom house seven miles away .
On Nov. 7 , he filed a suit against the city to overturn the ban .
" It 's not up to the city council to dictate who can come into my office , " he said from his living room , where he held court accompanied by his wife and chief adviser , Gloria Squitiro , a former birthing coach .
Pictures of nursing mothers adorn the walls .
" Other mayors ' spouses are deeply involved , but they choose to keep it hidden , " chimed in Ms. Squitiro , who masterminded her husband 's campaign and then was sued for allegedly creating a hostile work environment when she set up shop outside his office .
" I 'm just not going to be quiet about it . "
Politicians have run into trouble when their marital indiscretions came to light .
But in this city of 450,000 , the question is different :
Does the mayor love his wife too much ?
It 's been way too long since we have been graced with the sweet sweet sounds of Country music 's patriotic American anthems .
Songs like " Courtesy of the Red , White , And Blue , " by Toby Keith , " Have You Forgotten ? " by Darryl Worly , or " Where were you ( when the world stopped turnin ' ) " by Alan Jackson changed Country music forever .
Country music is no longer just about heartache , gettin ' drunk , or Boot Scootin ' Achy Breakin ' Chattahoochie Watermelon crawls .
It is now educational and informative .
So for those of you that could n't tell me " the difference between Iraq and Iran , " and do n't care to base your opinions on anything more than the catch phrase repeating , out of touch , knuckle dragging hayseeds you normally hang out with well then here 's another video from the other side so you can't say www.bitterhumor.com tried to sway you one way or another .
Leave that to our Foot Stompin ' , Hillbilly Heroes .
Yeeehaw and yeeeuuugggghhhhhh !
class Call :
def __init__ ( self , fn , * args , ** kwargs ) :
self.call = lambda : fn(*args , ** kwargs )
def trampoline ( obj ) :
while isinstance ( obj , Call ) :
obj = obj.call ( )
return obj
def fibonacci(k , n ) :
if n < 2 :
return Call(k , n )
def with_a(a ) :
def with_b ( b ) :
return Call(k , a + b )
return Call ( fibonacci , with_b , n - 1 )
return Call ( fibonacci , with_a , n - 2 )
call = fibonacci( lambda x : x , 20 )
print trampoline ( call )
def memoized ( func ) :
cache = {}
def decorator ( * args ) :
if args not in cache :
cache[args ] = func( * args )
return cache[args ]
return decorator
@memoized
def fibonacci(n ) :
if n < 2 :
return n
return fibonacci(n - 2 ) + fibonacci(n - 1 )
print fibonacci( 1000 )
def kmemoized ( func ) :
cache = {}
def decorator ( k , * args ) :
if args in cache :
return Call( k , cache[args ] )
def with_value ( value ) :
cache[args ] = value
return Call( k , value )
return Call ( func , with_value , * args )
return decorator
@kmemoized
def fibonacci(k , n ) :
if n < 2 :
return Call(k , n )
def with_a(a ) :
def with_b ( b ) :
return Call(k , a + b)
return Call ( fibonacci , with_b , n - 1 )
return Call ( fibonacci , with_a , n - 2 )
In essence , CPS ( continuation passing style ) is a method of calling functions where instead of returning a value , you pass the results to another function ( the continuation ) provided as an argument .
I wont go too deep into the reasoning behind this , as it's usually not used directly but rather as a middle representation of programming languages by some compiler / interpreter ( read more on the wikipedia link ) .
The big downside is that you 're bombarding the stack with function frames for every call , going deeper and deeper , but never returning ( you just keep passing what would be the return value to another function ) .
One nifty method of avoiding this is to use a trampoline .
A trampoline resembles a stream / lazy - list to anyone who 's read SICP .
Essentially , instead of calling functions from within another function , you return a bounce " call " to the trampoline which makes the call for you , doing the same with the return value of that call until it gets a land ( a non-bounce return ) .
This avoids the use of the stack for function calls , but allows you to use function closure as a means of saving state .
That being said , here is a simple trampoline implementation in Python showing a recursive fibonacci function implemented in CPS :
Here is a normal fibonacci function , memoized , that fails due to exceeding Pythons recursion limit .
The problem being , of course , that you have to recurse down deep enough to use the leaf calls to accumulate to the trunk :
Here , however , is essentially the same function ( memoized ) implemented using a trampoline .
The trampoline allows it to " recurse " all the way to the leaf calls because the calls are actually being made external to the function and state is being preserved in the with_a / with_b closures : Practical for typical application development ?
Probably not ... A neat concept to play around with ( or an interesting strategy at generating Python code ) ?
Definitely !( Somewhat ) related wikipedia articles : continuation
On July 2008 , Oddee ’s crew went –along with photographer Robert Dam — to one of the most bizarre street markets in South America .
Located in the world ’s highest capital at 11,200 feet ( 3,400 meters ) , La Paz , the market over Calle Linares hosts a crowded line of unusual storeswhere witches , medicine women , folk doctors , astrologers , fortunetellers , and sorcerers live and work .
From Llama fetuses for prosperity , to toad talismans , owl feathers and stone amulets ; meet Bolivia ’s Witches ’ Market .
Through prayer and a burnt offering of Llama Fetuses , witches ask the “ Pachamama ” –a god that many Bolivians call “ Mother Earth ” – to bring health , happiness , and especially prosperity .
Most Bolivian families have a dried llama fetus thrown under the foundations of their house for luck .
The naked ceramic couples are to improve the sex life , rectify impotency , and increase fertility .
Dried Armadillos are to prevent thieves from entering the house .
Stone amulets , candles , gems , and soaps .
Dried animals
For the right price , a sorcerer will cast a spell to avenge an oppressive boss ’s behavior — or to grant a child good marks in school .
They should change the name of the color to Diabetes Green ...
be careful when you drive it or the doctor gonna take your foot !
Fishermen catch a DOG a mile out in North Sea
Two fishermen were left reeling in surprise when they caught a DOG a mile out at sea .
At first when they spotted the animal swimming against the tide they thought it was an otter , but when they realised that it was a dog the two lifted him on board .
Freddie , a 14 - year - old cairn terrier , was later reunited with his owner - who revealed that he dislikes water so much that he hates taking a bath and avoids walking through puddles .
Bedraggled : Freddie shivers in the arms of trawlerman Jimmy Thompson after being fished from the North Sea
He had become disorientated in the fog while on a walk with owner Jean Brigstock and had slipped into the water as the 73 - year - old searched frantically for him .
And instead of swimming back to shore at Amble , Northumberland , he had mistakenly struck out for the deeps of the North Sea .
Mrs Brigstock said : ' It was a beautiful day , and I was taking him on his usual walk , but all of a sudden , a heavy sea fret set in quickly , and I could n't see Freddie anymore .
' I looked for him for hours , and others helped .
There was no sign of him , but I was convinced he would eventually turn up . '
Saved : Owner Jean Brigstock cradles Freddie on Amble beach in Northumberland after his narrow escape
She added : ' I was desperate .
He 's my companion and he 's so important to me .
' I knew he hated water so I thought he'd head for the dunes rather than the sea .
It really did n't enter my head that he would swim .
' He rarely goes through a puddle and has an aversion to baths . '
But Freddie was found three quarters of a mile out to sea after a long doggy paddle and was rescued by trawlermen Jimmy and Alan Thompson from Red Row , Northumberland .
A lifeboat was launched to collect the dog because their trawler was not yet due to return to shore .
By chance , Mrs Brigstock 's daughter Wendy , who had taken over the search for Freddie , came across the wife of one of the fishermen , who told her they had found a dog .
Mrs Brigstock adopted Freddie as her own three years ago after his previous owner , a friend , went into a nursing home and was no longer able to look after him .
She said : ' He looked like a drowned rat when they found him .
' I 'm so grateful to the two fishermen , the Coastguard and the inshore lifeboat men who took so much trouble to find him and take him to safety . '
Sea -dog Freddie , 14 , is no worse for wear after his ordeal .
He was taken to the vets but found to be unscathed .
Mrs Brigstock said : ' Freddie is back to his normal self .
I 'm not surprised he survived - he 's a bit of a character really .
' The night he was rescued , he was a little bit under the weather .
He was quite quiet and feeling sorry for himself .
But the next morning he was ready for his breakfast . '
Welcome to the money pit !
When these couples took on run-down mansions they got a lot more than they bargained for
Dodgy plumbing , huge bills , sleepless night and tenants who are staying put .
So would YOU take on a crumbling mansion with 63 chimneys and galloping dry rot ?
A new Channel 4 series , Country House Rescue - presented by hotelier and country house expert Ruth Watson - talks to families who have taken on dilapidated piles , charting the dilemmas , money worries and family rows .
We talk to three of the couples who gave it a go ...
Albury Park
The Mansion , Albury Park , Surrey
Sixty - year - old Nigel Whalley is married to Jennifer , 55 .
Four years ago , they took on The Mansion in Albury Park , Surrey .
The Tudor home , which has 63 chimneys , is Grade - II listed and is divided up into 45 apartments .
NIGEL SAYS :
When we first saw the house , the turrets were silhouetted against the sunset and we fell in love with it instantly .
It is a remarkable building that seems to rise out of another age , and there is a sense of calm around it and the gardens , as if you are stepping back in time .
Both Jennifer and I felt it , and bought the house immediately .
It 's a privilege to live somewhere like this - everything is on such an elegant scale .
Even though we are near to Guildford , this is We bought the house for £ 4.5 million , and we 've spent at least another million on renovations .
People say , ' How on earth are you going to survive ? '
But it does n't worry me .
I was in the residential home trade before , as my family owned a stately home for the elderly which I ended up having to rescue from financial disaster , so I 've sort of been here before .
I am sure we will survive .
We adore the house so much . a world away from modern life .
We bought the house for £ 4.5 million , and we 've spent at least another million on renovations .
People say , ' How on earth are you going to survive ? '
But it does n't worry me .
I was in the residential home trade before , as my family owned a stately home for the elderly which I ended up having to rescue from financial disaster , so I 've sort of been here before .
I am sure we will survive .
We adore the house so much .
Jennifer and Nigel Whalley at Albury Park in Surrey
When we moved in , it was divided into apartments and we inherited 19 elderly residents .
There is no way we could have turfed any of them out as they had leases , and besides , this was their home .
Gradually , as they move on to homes with more care or , sadly , die , then we are renovating the apartments and selling them .
We are having to - the pressure is on to pay back the money we borrowed from the bank .
The running costs here are vast , with gas and electricity alone costing £ 6,500 a month .
Financially , it is a white - knuckle ride , and Ruth criticised us for spending too much on refurbishment .
She also lambasted our decorating .
On entering the drawing room , which is yellow , she said , ' This is like walking into a mustard pot , ' which was not fair , as it's a lovely room .
But we appreciated the advice and we welcomed her expertise .
We work from eight in the morning until nine or ten at night , and we have n't had a day off for over a year .
But hard as it is , it is a labour of love .
When you buy a house like this , you take on its heritage .
It was built in the 1500s , and an earlier house on the site is mentioned in the Domesday Book and has been a private house , owned by Henry Drummond of Drummonds Bank .
I feel as if we are the custodians of something historic and valuable , and have a duty to do the renovations as tastefully as we can .
Houses like this need to evolve , they cannot stay static if they are to survive .
Jennifer and I have a flat on the ground floor .
I can't imagine living in all of the house - you 'd need an army of staff - and living like we do feels very much like home .
We have a staff of more than 20 , many of whom have looked after the house for about 30 years , so we feel it belongs to them as much as us .
Renovating this house to its former glory will be such an achievement , it makes everything we are going through worth while .
Pentillie Castle , Cornwall
Last year , Ted Coryton , 61 , and his wife , Sarah , 59 , inherited the 18 - bedroom Pentillie Castle .
The couple , who have three grown - up children , plan to run the house as a wedding venue and for exclusive hire , and they live in a farm on the estate .
Sarah and Ted Coryton at Pentillie Castle
TED SAYS :
When I discovered I had inherited the house , I could have sold up and become indescribably rich or moved in , becoming indescribably broke .
It was last Christmas Eve and we sat around the table as a family and discussed whether we were mad enough to take on the project .
Every member of the family had different ideas : running a cookery school , hiring it out , or selling - even after death duties , we would have had enough money to make millionaires of all of us .
In fact , a friend of mine offered me up to £ 17 million , and there was that split second of wondering .
I could be lying on a beach in the Caribbean now , and driving a Bentley rather than a beaten - up Land Rover .
However , I believe that money does not make you happy .
My daughter , Roonie , is an NHS physiotherapist , and what price would her £ 20,000 - odd salary be against inheriting all that money ?
It makes working pointless , and work is good for you .
So together , we decided to take on the challenge of updating the castle and making it pay .
The house had been owned by my cousin .
When he died , his widow stayed on and basically lived as a hermit .
She died at 92 without any of us going inside the place for years , so only when I opened the door for the first time did I realise what we were taking on .
The castle was built in 1698 , and was greatly altered in 1810 and again in 1966 .
It had been modernised a little , but was in a poor condition .
There was just one bathroom for 18 bedrooms , and the only insulation was straw in the roof .
We were facing inheritance tax of about £ 1.5 million , plus all the costs of the renovation .
I 'm paying this off by selling parts of the land , but we are currently selling into a falling market .
But then , when I look up at the walls and the battlements , the castle seems to tell me I am doing the right thing .
The house draws you in , and you begin to fall in love with it .
Pentillie Castle
We 're hard at work on the renovations now , and the plan is to be open to the public by July next year .
Getting reliable workmen and builders is one of the hardest things .
People look at the size of it and say , ' No thanks . '
My painter walked out after two weeks , which was a disaster as painting the exterior was a major project .
It was grey , and it is now a much brighter orangey - yellow .
My wife is in charge of the interior decor , and we 're installing bathrooms and renovating .
I have had many sleepless nights lying there fretting at two or three in the morning , but the finances will work out in the end , I 'm sure .
The castle came with staff , not least of all Ivor Palmer , who 's 83 and does the gardening five days a week .
I feel he owns the house as much as I do .
It 's been in our extended family for generations .
For all the sleepless nights it is such a privilege to own a house like this .
We look out over the most astounding view in Cornwall , and I feel extremely privileged and proud to have the ownership of such an extraordinary building .
It is huge - it takes 20 minutes to walk around the perimeter of the walls - and there 's almost a sense of disbelief when you compare it to the houses in which I grew up .
It 's a cross I will happily bear for my children , and the house is registered as a business , so I can give it to my children , free of inheritance tax .
I 'm relishing the challenge , too - we all are .
It is a fantastic legacy from me to them , and knowing that drives us on .
Black Clauchrie House
Caroline Goodall , 43 , and her husband , Adrian , 45 , bought Black Clauchrie House in Ayrshire in Scotland four years ago .
The couple each have a grownup child from their first marriage , and six - year - old Georgina together .
Black Clauchrie is a remote , Arts and Crafts mansion which was built in 1901 .
Expert : Ruth Watson
CAROLINE SAYS : Frankly , financially it is a nightmare .
I have sleepless nights wondering if we did the right thing , and imagining what it would be like to downsize and not have such money worries .
We bought the house for £ 680,000 , and have since spent a fortune doing it up - whatever needs doing , we imagine a figure and then Adrian says , ' Add another nought ' .
We are already renting out the main house for holiday lets and weddings , but it is by no means paying for itself , and we do not have any staff .
In the winter , it 's so hard to drag myself from my bed at 6 am and start preparing breakfasts and cleaning up after our guests .
The idea was to live in the main house , which is absolutely stunning , and has nine bedrooms and a ballroom with a barrelled roof and minstrels ' gallery .
It was built for a wealthy couple who wanted to use it for hunting , shooting and fishing .
But the fact is we can't afford to live in it .
We now live in an attached cottage , and it 's taken Adrian a long time to come to terms with having to rent out the house as a source of income .
We realised this a few months after moving in , and it's made both of us feel sad that it is n't going to be the dream home that we envisaged .
We charge guests about £ 2,000 a week , but that does n't cover the maintenance - and renovations .
There are five cottages on the estate , but at the moment we can't afford to do them all up - once they 're up and running as holiday lets , we 'll be fine , but there is still a long way to go .
Adrian has a farm contracting business and when we initially saw this place , the plan was to sell our house in Halifax .
We had a buyer for £ 1.1 million , but then he pulled out on the day of exchanging contracts , and we then had to accept an offer of a lot less .
Meanwhile , we were committed to buying Black Clauchrie and , under the Scottish system , you have to go ahead .
So we had to take on a bridging loan , and the whole thing was a disaster .
It was n't until we moved in that we realised the full scale of the work we had to do - the plumbing was a shambles , it needed to be completely rewired and the timber in the window frames was rotten .
We had to treat the dry rot and woodworm - all unseen renovations , but essential .
Caroline and Adrian Goodall at Black Clauchrie
Everything here is on such a huge scale - having the windows cleaned costs us £ 150 .
We had fallen in love with the house , but it was just consuming money , and before we knew where we were we 'd spent another £ 175,000 on renovations .
Ruth Watson says that if we want to make this work we have to throw everything at it .
Adrian should sell his farming contract machines and put that capital into the business , and I should employ some staff to help me , as I am running myself ragged .
There 's no money for clothes or luxuries , and we have only had one holiday in four years .
It does feel at times as if this beautiful house is consuming us .
I sometimes feel very isolated , especially when Adrian is away .
Ruth made us draw up a list of pros and cons and reasons for staying , and it made us realise what a passion the house had become for us both .
We just need to be able to afford the renovations and make the cottages pay .
I love having the guests here - we have met some wonderful people .
I am sure we will stay , and make it work .
That will be such an achievement , and it 's lovely to think so many other people will be getting pleasure from this remarkable house .
Country House Rescue starts on Channel 4 on 9 December .
“ The way to solve this problem is to let people go bankrupt , ”
“ All of this pumping money into the system is not going to save it - see what the market is saying , it ’s saying we do n’t buy that , let people go bankrupt .
then you hit bottom and then you start over .
The people who are sound will take over the assets from the people who are n’t sound and we 'll start over .
This is the way the world has worked for a few thousand years , ”
“ We ’re setting the stage for when we come out of this of a massive inflation holocaust , ”
: “ Never before in world history were people able to buy houses with no money down , many people bought four or five houses with no money down and no job and then they did it with cars and student loans and credit card loans , you just think we say well that ’s too bad we ’re gonna start over nobody loses his job …. be realistic . "
“ go down to the bar , have a beer and leave the rest of us alone , let the people who are sound succeed and let the other people fail .
What I ’m afraid of is they ’re gonna keep doing what they ’ve been doing - which the market hates , you can see the market hates it - because this is going to unleash rampant inflation around the world , rampant confusion in the currency markets and you ’re gonna have currencies gyrating all over the world , ”
“ inflationary holocaust ” .
A CNBC expert then expressed his confusion at Rogers ’ argument that overprinting of currency caused hyper inflation , seemingly displaying less grasp of basic economic cause and effect principles than a 5 - year - old would .
Rogers again made the point : “ When you print gigantic amounts of money and you flood the world with money , throughout history that has led to inflation . ”
- Paul Joseph Watson , ( " Rogers : Global Bankers Have Unleashed Inflationary Holocaust , " PrisonPlanet.com , 10.10.08 .
Image : " Worthless , " BillStClair.com , 2008 ) .
4chan and the Dark Knight Posted on Thursday , September 18 2008
These are just a few of /b/ 's lulz .
Tags :
More OMFG - Good Links
dark knight parody , lolbatman , funny batman pictures , heath ledger , batman , robin is dead , batmobile , funny pictures Share : See all Posts in the Funny Pictures category .
Download mp3s faster than limewire using google .
I 've made 100 + free video tutorials
See the best of the internet today on one page .
Looks like Sarah " Pit Bull " Palin is just like your supernice Midwestern neighbor who remains polite and doodly - dorable on the phone , even when annoying telemarketers or French president Nicolas Sarkozy calls .
The Canadian radio show duo that prank - called her told ABC how they did it .
It was duh - easy , just like they taught you in Reporting 101 : they " simply began at the bottom of her staff and worked [ their ] way up .
" Where to start ?
Alaska , of course : " ' We started by calling the governor 's office in Alaska , and after that , we were transferred from one person to another .
It took us about four days .
We spoke to about a dozen people , ' Audette told ABCNews . "
Once they got her on the phone , they figured that the jig would be up soon enough :
" Audette said that most of the time , he is only able to use ' 30 to 40 percent of the material ' he and Trudel have written for their crank calls before the person they are conning realizes the put on .
' But with Mrs. Palin we got lucky , because we used all the material we had written . ' "
The real key can be found in the old adage " Fake it ' til you make it " : " This will sound stupid , but mostly we just sound convincing . "
We 'll remember that when we call McCain post-election to ask if his refrigerator is running .
As you might know Twitter accepts more than just basic text .
The service is UTF8 compatible which means that instead of tweeting “ I love you ” you could just as well use “ I ♥ you ” .
Or how about this :
♥ ✈ ☺ ♬ ☑ ♠ ☎ ☻ ♫ ☒ ♤ ☤ ☹ ♪ ♀ ✩ ✉ ☠ ✔ ♂ ★ ✇ ♺ ✖ ♨ ❦ ☁ ✌ ♛ ❁ ☪ ☂ ✏ ♝ ❀ ☭ ☃ ☛ ♞ ✿ ☮ ☼ ☚ ♘ ✾ ☯ ☾ ☝ ♖ ✽ ✝ ☄ ☟ ♟ ✺ ☥ ✂ ✍ ♕ ✵
“ I ’m going to ✈ to ☭ in the morning after I make a ☎ to make sure my ♂ is ✔ with it .
✌ for now and do n’t forget to ✍ and lets have ♨ soon ! ”
But how do you remember all these damn characters ?
Aha !
TwitterKeys is a small tool we ( @boris & @sandervdv ) developed here at The Next Web which provides you with a floating window with all these funny symbols you can use in Twitter .
On the right you see some of the symbols we currently provide .
Want to install the bookmarklet ?
It is ready simple :
Now go and share this with your friends on Twitter …
Read next :
Where did the term " Bullet Points " come from ?
AMERICAN doughnut giant Krispy Kreme eradicated the most dangerous form of fat from its products about a year ago - yet the company 's Australian operations still use the ingredient because of a lack of regulation by local food authorities .
As more countries move towards a total ban on artificial trans fatty acids , Australian consumers are still unaware of the levels of the harmful substance in their processed food because labelling laws do not require trans fats to be identified .
The oils , which add taste and texture and extend the shelf life of many processed foods , clog arteries , cause heart disease and are linked to breast cancer , Alzheimer 's disease and liver dysfunction .
Funny Jokes > Relationship Jokes Relationship Joke 0 to 200 in 6 seconds Bob was in trouble .
He forgot his wedding anniversary .
His wife was
really pissed .
She told him " Tomorrow morning , I expect to find a gift in the
driveway that goes from 0 to 200 in 6 seconds AND IT BETTER BE THERE !! "
The next morning he got up early and left for work .
When his wife woke
up , she looked out the window and sure enough there was a box
gift - wrapped in the middle of the driveway .
Confused , the wife put on her robe and ran out to the driveway , brought
the box back in the house .
She opened it and found a brand new bathroom scale .
Bob has been missing since Friday .
Rate this Relationship Joke :
1 2 3 4 5 Next Joke
— James Saft is a Reuters columnist .
The opinions expressed are his own —
Britain needs to reflate its mortgage markets to save its economy and its banks .
Problem is , few want to borrow and there is precious little money to lend .
British property prices are down about 15 percent in a year and mortgage approvals are down 52 percent .
Given the freeze in the securitization market and the scarcity of savings in Britain , new net mortgage lending may even fall below zero in 2009 , according to James Crosby , former head of UK mortgage bank HBOS , who authored a government report on the mortgage market .
While the Crosby report rightly points out the damage that such an unprecedented fall would do to employment and the economy , it is also worth pointing out that it would be dire indeed for another segment — the banks , which ultimately will suffer the losses as borrowers fall into negative equity and default or lose their jobs and default .
Britons simply do n’t save enough to supply their banks with enough to lend to fund the debt requirement implied by their housing prices .
That circle was squared in the old days by borrowing money from abroad , either through banks borrowing and re-lending or via securitization .
The solution to this advocated by Britain , as laid out in the Crosby Report and endorsed by finance minister Alistair Darling , is to plaster a government guarantee on up to 100 billion pounds of mortgage securities .
The securities would only contain house purchase loans and would be highly rated by , you guessed it , the same agencies that rated the old , now discredited stuff .
The securities would also exclude nasty high loan - to - value loans , or loans made to people who have already demonstrated they are not that good at paying back money .
The theory is that investors may not want to buy mortgage backed securities , which look a bit dubious given the expected fall in house prices , or lend to British banks , which look a bit dubious for the same reason and several others , but will be very happy to buy bonds that while backed by the British government pay a fair whack more than government debt .
OH LORD , MAKE US SAVERS BUT NOT YET
There are , I think , some problems to this approach .
“ I ’m all in favor of finding ways of encouraging a sustainable rate of mortgage lending but I ’m not entirely confident that the best way to do this is to resurrect a form of lending that for rather good reason has fallen out of favor , ” Bank of England governor Mervyn King told parliament this week .
And even if we all agree to forget recent experience with securitization , there is the issue of who , exactly , is going to buy these guaranteed bonds , and who will buy all the houses these loans will fund .
The idea that there are real money or central bank investors out there who will pay a great price for these bonds is not supported by the evidence .
Look at the United States , where the government has been slapping government guarantees , or wink , wink “ implicit ” guarantees on all sorts of financial paper .
Goldman Sachs , which used to borrow on its own name , this week sold $ 5 billion of bonds under a Federal Deposit Insurance Corp guarantee .
The bonds paid about 200 basis points over equivalent government bonds .
That ’s crazy , I hear you say .
To paraphrase Keynes , the markets can stay crazy longer than you can stay solvent .
Or look at paper issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , which are under government conservatorship and enjoy an “ implicit ” guarantee .
Their bonds have done so stunningly badly in recent weeks , as foreign central banks deserted them in droves , that the U.S. government was forced to go in and buy them up themselves .
My best guess is that , even with a fat premium , the world will have all it can handle of sterling denominated British government risk in the coming years .
On the other side of the equation , you have to wonder which buy - to - let investor or potential house buyer is out there who is a ) a good risk , b ) possessed of a 20 percent down payment and , c ) willing to buy an asset that is losing two percent of its value a month .
So , it ’s looking like the fall in British house prices will be deeper than expected , and probably deeper than deserved .
If you look at the U.S. experience where a higher percentage of loans were securitized and thus tended to end up not on bank balance sheets , that is bad news for the banks .
Ask yourself what would happen to Britain ’s banks under similar circumstances .
It might only be as bad as the 1990s , but it could be worse .
Bank liabilities in the United States are about 20 percent of the size of the economy .
In Britain , the figure is 285 percent .
Ask yourself then what might happen to Britain itself .
— At the time of publication James Saft did not own any direct investments in securities mentioned in this article .
He may be an owner indirectly as an investor in a fund . —
It really is a sad testament to humanity when being kind is significant enough to point it out with thanks .
Do n’t get me wrong , I think we should all be thankful for things in our lives .
Some things , however , should n’t be so rare as to warrant a thanks .
When most people meet me , they do n’t punch me in the face .
I do not thank them for that .
It ’s sorta what I expect them to not do .
If you do n’t run into my car at a traffic light , I would n’t expect a thank - you card in the mail .
If you avoid peeing on my foot when we ’re standing at adjacent urinals — I wo n’t thank you for it .
If you do n’t steal my wallet , I ’m unlikely to draw attention to it .
If you do n’t dump gasoline on my house and decide to take up smoking — I still wo n’t thank you .
Now , note that it ’s not a matter of not being thankful for such things .
I do n’t particularly enjoy getting punched in the face or having my house burned down .
It seems to be a social norm , however , that NOT stealing my wallet is a fair expectation .
Anyway , I said all that to preempt a story .
When I was shopping for Houston -y gifts at the airport before I came home last week , I brought my chosen parcel to the counter and paid for it .
I was kind to the lady behind the counter .
I smiled , I thanked her for offering to bag my goods , and I genuinely wished her a good day .
She responded with , “ Thank you for your kindness . ”
It struck me as a strange thing to say .
I think it was largely because she looked very sincere when she said it , and it did n’t seem like a fluffy , “ have a nice day ” type response .
I was intrigued , so I hung around the store a bit to see how she acted around others .
I thought perhaps since she was of an ethnicity that I ’m not often exposed to , that perhaps I was the odd fish out , and thanking for kindness was quite normal .
Then I realized why she had thanked me .
It turns out that most of the suits in the airport that were buying their newspapers and such treated the lady as if she did n’t exist .
They would talk on their cellphones while paying .
They would ignore her attempts at any sort of interaction .
Most people looked right through her .
How arrogant and self - absorbed have we become as a society that a store clerk is “ beneath ” us ?
Treat your clerks kindly .
They ’re people .
They ’re probably more interesting than any of us .
If you get a smile from one of them , you are the lucky one . 🙂
A Letter to the Sheeple
Dearest Citizen of the World ,
I believe the time has come to reveal to you some of the perplexities you have faced in recent decades .
It is well for you to understand some of these things so that you might know how to behave in the New Order now taking shape on the earth .
We want you to be able to become fully involved and integrated into our new society .
After all , this is for your best interest if you will do .
First of all , it is well that you understand some of our purposes so that you may more fully co-operate .
I cannot tell you the hard times you will face if you resist us .
We have ways of dealing with resisters .
I am only telling you this now , since it is much too late to turn things around .
The days of putting a stop to us have long since past .
We have full control of the earth and its finance , along with the major media propaganda , and there is simply no way any nation or power can defeat us .
We have eyes in every level of government in every nation of the world .
We know what is being planned , for our ears and eyes are ever present .
State secrets are fully known to us .
People recently accused us of lying about Iraq .
Oh , you silly people , of course we lie .
In this way we can keep the people unbalanced and always facing controversy which is very helpful to us .
Have you not seen the talk show spectacle ?
Some of you believe we are the liberals and the good people are the conservatives .
In reality , both serve our purposes .
Each camp merely serves with the stamp of our approval but they are not allowed to present the real issues .
By creating controversy on all levels , no one knows what to do .
So , in all of this confusion , we go ahead and accomplish what we want with no hindrance .
Consider the President of the United States .
Even though he regularly breaks every known check on his power , no one can stop him .
He goes ahead and does whatever we want him to do anyway .
The Congress has no power to stop him .
He does what we want since he knows if he does not , because of his rather dark character , we can have him removed in a moment 's time .
Is not that a rather brilliant strategy on our part ?
You can not take us to court because you can't see us and the courts are our servants as well .
We run everything , yet , you do not know who to attack .
I must say this hidden hand is wonderfully devised and without any known historical precedent on this scale .
We rule the world and the world cannot even find out who is ruling them .
This is truly a wonderful thing .
In our media we present before you exactly what it is we want you to do .
Then , as if in a flash , our little servants obey .
We can send American or European troops to wherever we like , whenever we like , and for whatever purpose we like , and you dutifully go about our business .
How much more evidence do you need ?
We can make you desire to leave your homes and family and go to war merely at our command .
We only need to present some nonsense to you from the president 's desk or on the evening news and we can get you all fired up to do whatever we like .
You can do nothing but what we put before you .
YOUR VAIN RESISTANCE
When any of you seek to resist us , we have ways of making you look ridiculous as we have done with your militia movement .
We have delighted to use this movement to show the world how impotent any resistance is .
They look so silly marching around with their guns as if they were some match for our military .
Look at what we did near Waco .
Did the Davidian 's little store of weapons help them ?
We have generously taxed you and used that money to make such sophisticated weapons you can in no way compete .
Your own money has served to forge the chains we bind you with , since we are in control of all money .
Some of you think you may escape by buying some land in the country and growing a garden .
Let me remind you that you still pay us ground rent .
Oh , you may call it property taxes , but it still goes to us .
You see , you need money no matter what you do .
If you fail to pay your ground rent to us , we will take your land and sell it to someone who will pay us .
Do you think we can not do this ?
And with your ground rent we pay for the indoctrination of your children in the public schools we have set up .
We want them to grow up well trained into the system of our thinking .
Your children will learn what we want them to learn , when we want them to learn it , and you pay for it through your ground rent .
Those funds are also used for other projects we have in mind and our contractors are paid handsomely for their work .
You may doubt that we own your children , or have such control , but you will find that we do .
We can declare that you abuse your children when you spank them and have them confiscated .
If they do not show up for school indoctrination , we can accuse you of neglect , thereby , giving them to us .
Your children are not yours .
They are ours .
You must inoculate them , you must bring them to our hospitals if we decree or we will take them from you .
You know this and we know this .
Through our electronic commerce we are able to see where you are , what you are buying and how much you have to buy things with .
Where do you suppose we come up with our monthly financial statistics ?
Through the Internet and other sources we can even know how you think and what you say .
It is not especially important to us what you believe as long as you do what we say .
Your beliefs are nonsense anyway .
But if you think you have a following , and we perceive that you might be somewhat dangerous to our agenda , we have ways to deal with you .
We have a Pandora 's box of mischief with which to snare you .
We can have you in court so long you will never get out .
We can easily drain away all your assets over one pretext or another .
We have an inexhaustible fund with which to draw from to pay our lawyers .
These lawyers are paid by you in the form of taxes .
You do not have this vast supply of wealth .
We know how to divide and conquer .
Have we not brought down rulers of countries through our devices ?
Do you think your tiny self will be any match for us ?
YOUR VAIN ORGANIZATIONS
And , let us consider your religions and the " moral majority . "
The " moral majority " is neither moral nor is it in the majority .
We have delighted to use this wet noodle of a movement to make ridiculous the Christian faith .
The silly men who run that organization always end up with egg on their faces .
We have always put them in defense of themselves as we have so successfully done with the NRA .
We can make it seem by our media propaganda that the National Rifle Association is actually the New Radical Attackers .
Have we not turned the American conservative movement on its ear ?
If it serves our purposes we can use the conservatives to turn the liberals on their ear .
It makes no difference to us but it serves to make you believe there are two sides struggling for their particular position .
This helps to make things seem fair and free since everyone has a voice .
Actually , there is only one side now with all kinds of masks on , but you are unable to penetrate our purposes .
You see , we can do whatever we like and you can do nothing about it .
Does it not seem reasonable that you simply obey and serve us ?
Otherwise , you get eaten up in the resistance you suppose will liberate you .
You can not be liberated .
Imagine how you can .
We supply your fuel for your cars .
We can turn it off whenever we like claiming that there is some sort of fuel shortage .
What if your car breaks down ?
You can not get parts for it without us .
We supply all the money you use .
At any whim of our desire we can stop the money supply or cause a complete crash all together .
We can then order the president to declare all money worthless and that we will have to have new money .
All of your stashes of cash will go up in smoke in a moment 's time .
Do n't you need food ?
If necessary , we can cause a trucker 's strike which would stop deliveries of food to your local store .
We can starve you whenever we like .
You only have food because we have provided it to you from our table .
During the great depression we controlled the food .
We heaped mountains of food behind fences and let it rot .
The hungry were then made to work in our labour camps even though there was enough and more to feed them .
Do you really think you can beat us ?
You say you will hoard gold coins so you will still have money in the time of the crash .
We can simply pass a law which outlaws the possession of gold as we have done in the past .
If we find gold in your possession , we would simply confiscate it and put you in prison for breaking the law .
While in prison you would be required to work in one of our prison industries .
We have so formed a picture of the labor camps in our prisons these days that no one seems to object to them .
We tell people that murderers should pay for their own keep .
No one seems to consider that we have the power to put tomato growers there also .
We can pass laws that prohibit gardens and then make up some scientific reason why you may only buy food from our sources .
If someone sees you growing tomatoes , they will report you to us and then we will have you in our fields working for us .
Oh , silly nationalists , there is no escape for you , for since long before you were born , we were planning your capture .
Your teachers and ministers have been forming your thoughts for us for generations now .
You have no idea how to pull out of our influence short of suicide .
Go ahead and commit suicide , it will only help us to deal with the excessive population .
You cannot hurt us , find us , or even imagine what we are up to .
I am throwing you these few crumbs only so that you may , if you have a little good sense , obey and follow our orders .
YOUR CONTROLLED MIND
We run Hollywood .
The movies such as Terminator and Armageddon , along with a great host of others , were simply created to get you thinking according to our directions .
You have been made to delight in violence so that when we send you off to kill some bad man we have put before you , you move without a whimper .
We have placed violent arcade games in your malls to prepare your young minds in the art of battle .
We have made you to view our armies and police as the good forces and you submit to things that were unthinkable just a few decades ago .
Our artful programs , are all designed to help you submit and even help the New World Order .
Star Trek , and other such creations , have taught you to simply obey orders from the new international rulers .
Oh , silly people , you thought you were being entertained , while you were actually being educated .
Dare I use the words , " brainwashed " or " mind control ? "
By the way , have you seen the new Star Wars ?
What a masterpiece of mental manipulation .
Humans confer with nondescript beasts of all shapes and sizes and they confer in English .
I wonder where those space beasts learned English .
Oh , the simpleness of the mind of the citizen .
He never considers he is being taken into fairyland .
We have placed advertisements for Star Wars almost everywhere you go .
You will find them in Wal - Mart , K - Mart , Taco Bell and a host of our institutions of commerce .
There is something we want you to learn from this movie .
Or , perhaps it could be said , there is something we do not want you to learn , from Episodes 4 - 6 .
Either way , we will have what we want in the whole affair .
Of course , to keep you off guard we have instructed our elected officials to appear to be correcting the evil of our violence ..
Sex and violence are the very best powers to use to help us gain our advantage .
How the people loathe to give up their sex and violence , so we place all they want before them .
In this way , we keep them so occupied they do not have the integrity or brain power to deal with the really important matters which are left entirely in our hands .
This is to our advantage .
Even more agreeable to us were the vain efforts of those who thought they could remove him against our will .
The President is useful to us and he will not be removed by anyone until we are ready to have him removed .
Excuse me if I seem to be mocking your system of beliefs , but they are rather outdated .
Have you no eyes to see your vain liberties and your righteous pontifications are nothing before us ?
You can only do what we say you can do .
We remove presidents when we are ready and the leader we set up will be there until it serves us to have another .
At that time we place our proposed leader before you and you vote for what we want .
In that way we give you the vain voting exercise in the belief you had something to do with placing your president in office .
We use the nations for what we want to use them for .
Everyone knows that they must yield to us or die .
Fortunately , we have had a few resisters such as Saddam and Milosevic that have been helpful in showing the world leaders what we will do to them if they do not submit .
There is only glory in following our purposes and doing what we say .
If one does not , there will be such a sad and tragic result .
I would really have you spared of such an end .
But , then , again , if you are not spared , it is of no consequence to us .
We will use you to alleviate some of the overpopulation problem .
YOUR SILLY REBELLION AGAINST OUR DOMINION
Some of you have thought you could stop us by placing a bomb in one of our abortion clinics or in a government building .
Silly souls !
How can that hurt us ?
All that does is give us an example to use so that we might place more controls and heavy burdens on the population .
We love it when you rebel and blow something up .
You are our reason for making more laws against all those things which might contribute to your freedom from us .
If someone did not blow something up on occasion , we would have no justification in placing more hedges about you .
Ca n't you see how impossible it is for you to resist us ?
The more you wriggle , the more we squeeze .
Our kingdom is the kingdom of money .
Excuse me , but I must confess that we are the rulers of the kingdom of non-money .
You must see the humor in that statement .
We have given you a piece of paper or some numbers on a computer screen that we have termed money .
It is backed up by nothing and proven by nothing but what we say it is .
We create it from nothing , we print it , we loan it , we give it its value , we take its value away .
All things that have to do with money are in our hands .
Think of it , what is it that you can do against us without money ?
If you try to resist , we can cancel your credit or freeze your accounts .
Your cash is easily confiscated .
We have made so many rules in the realm of living that you cannot live without money .
Camp on government land and you must move in two weeks .
You cannot grow much of a garden in two weeks .
Many of our wilderness trails are entered by permit only .
We have passed laws that do not allow you to live in trailers over a certain period without moving to another location .
Have you not thought it ridiculous that we will allow a man to live in a box full time but we will not allow a man to live in an RV full time unless he is in a taxpaying campground ?
OUR UNFATHOMABLE MYSTERIES
Our past war in Serbia has many purposes to it but we do not speak of these things openly .
We let the talk show hosts blather all sorts of nonsense but none of it touches the core .
First of all , there is a wealth of natural resources in Kosovo that we must have complete control of .
Kosovo has large supplies of uranium in its soil and uranium is very helpful to our regime .
Also , it suits us to keep all such minerals out of the hands of potential enemies .
Milosevic has not been helpful in giving those resources into our hands so we simply make things difficult for him .
We are reducing that proud nation to the level of humility we require from all people .
After the war , Mr. Milosevic did not sufficiently humble himself , so we took him to the world court charged with war crimes .
We made up that term ; rather ingenious , do n't you think ?
How could there be such a thing as a war crime ?
The very nature of war is that the rules are off .
It is so entertaining to watch the nations try to fight war according to the laws we have placed before them .
The only war crime there really is only involves the crime of being against us .
Anyone against us is violating our law .
As you have seen when someone is for us we do not care what they do .
Was not Nelson Mandela a bomb - toting terrorist who killed many of his enemies ?
We made a hero of him .
We observe no laws when it comes to war .
We do what we want , when we want and where we want .
We can starve nations to death , we can ruin civilians and any other horror for which we would take our enemies to court .
Then there was our chief villain , Saddam with all of his weapons of mass destruction .
Bad men are a dime a dozen and we can conjure one up whenever it suits us .
This is really quite funny when you think of it .
I am not one who is usually given to humour , but I do catch myself laughing sometimes at the absolute absurdity of the notions we place before you and you readily accept .
Do you wonder that the leaders of the world tremble at our presence ?
They know they have no power except the power we give them .
We have no fear of Russia or China for we are already in full control of their system of things .
China knows that we can freeze any number of its corporations in America and all of its capital at the stroke of a pen .
We want you to be in the system .
When you are buying a house , we not only receive the tax revenue to use for our purposes , but we gain large increases from the interest on the loan .
You may pay for your house two or three times over from the interest alone .
The interest is also taxed which is again placed for use in those sectors of influence we choose .
We do not want you to escape free and that is why we have made it as we have .
You are our property .
We will not permit you to buy or sell unless you submit to our mark of authority .
If you go to court against us , we will wear you out there and in the end you will lose .
If you use violence , we will end up having you in one of our labor camps , more specifically called prison industries .
You need our money , our entertainments , our fuel , and our utilities to function and if you do n't have them , you feel deprived .
By this , you are made to yield to our will .
Thanks for joining our peaceful world .
***
Author unknown
After taking a couple weeks off and having some time to travel abroad , Bill Moyers leaves his viewers with some of his thoughts on the world 's hopes and expectations for America .
We were abroad these past two weeks trying to cleanse our journalistic pipes , so to speak .
We thought we could put American politics out of sight and out of mind for a spell .
We were wrong .
Everywhere we went people wanted to talk about America .
The Greeks , Sicilians , Sardinians , Tunisians , Algerians , and Spaniards we met , were euphoric - cab drivers , guides , waiters , hotel clerks , bank tellers .
They expect miracles from America .
Their own economies are imploding : layoffs , budget shortfalls , failing banks , fear spreading among the populace .
They want to believe that somehow the long arm of America will pull them back .
I tried but I did n't have the heart to tell them just how much trouble their rich Uncle Sam is in .
Maybe I was wrong not to dispel their illusions about America ; after all , they live on top of the ruins of long - gone empires , whose rise and fall is a far more familiar and consistent theme of history than democracy 's success .
I did my best , to say that America is trying very hard right now to put our own house in order .
That self - correcting faculty , even in the darkest hours , is the best thing we have going for us .
That and the knowledge that nothing we face in the months ahead is more than was asked of our parents and grand parents in war and depression .
This giant of a country is bleeding badly from savage self inflicted wounds , but what happens next is still our story to write .
We can be thankful for that .
That 's it for the JOURNAL .
See you next week , I 'm Bill Moyers .
You can watch Bill Moyers Journal on line including all of the show 's archives at his site here .
We 've been hearing some pretty hysterical things said by Barack Obama 's critics about Obamanomics .
Socialist .
Destroyer of wealth .
Enemy of small business .
So , here 's a primer on how Obama , if elected , will be " spreading the wealth around " in the next four years — and why he 's far from a socialist radical .
And even , to a struggling but hopeful entrepreneur like myself ( call me Jack the Writer ) , not cause for alarm .
Let 's begin with some historical perspective .
The United States responded to the last existential crisis faced by Americans — the triple - headed threat posed by Depression , Fascism , and Communism — by raising taxes and going into debt , big time , to pay for all those Sherman tanks and B - 17 bombers and ICBMs we needed to defend ourselves .
We paid down that debt , gleefully , with high income tax rates in the golden economic era , the Happy Days , that followed World War II .
But as the middle class grew larger in that time of postwar prosperity , more and more Americans crept into the top tax brackets that had , previously , been the exclusive domain of the filthy rich .
John F. Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson cut income taxes , bringing the top rate down from its confiscatory wartime high of 94 percent to 70 percent .
There things stood until the modern conservative era arrived , in part on the wings of a potent antitax movement .
Ronald Reagan , in his first year in office , dropped that top rate to 50 percent .
The recession of 1982 and other events led him to tinker a bit — signing big tax hikes in his remaining years in office — but , after the tax reform bill of 1986 ( which eliminated a lot of the loopholes by which companies and wealthy individuals dodged taxes ) , he left his successors with a 28 percent top rate and a worrisome federal budget deficit .
George H. W. Bush faced reality , broke his " Read my lips , no new taxes " promise , and signed a big tax bill during his presidency .
Bill Clinton , still facing those Reagan deficits , listened to the bond market and raised taxes again in his first year in office .
Both men paid a political cost , but these two tax hikes put the nation 's finances on a sound basis , and the economy responded with roaring growth .
The top rate was now at 39.6 percent .
As James Carville likes to ask , " What did n't you like about the Clinton years ?
The peace or the prosperity ? "
Well , the Bush - Clinton tax hikes brought in so much money during the high - tech boom that the federal budget was balanced and the deficit erased .
And in the fall of 2000 , both Al Gore and George W. Bush offered big tax cuts if elected .
The Gore - Bush argument was a preview of the Obama - McCain dispute .
Gore wanted to target tax cuts for the middle class ; Bush urged a bigger , across - the - board tax cut that was tilted toward the wealthiest Americans .
Bush won .
His tax cuts ( which McCain voted against ) passed Congress and contributed to a massive redistribution of riches in America .
Wealth moved out of the bank accounts of working and middle - class families and into those of the wealthiest Americans .
The top rate was down to 35 percent .
To cut taxes as deeply as they wished , without releasing a river of red ink on the books , the administration and its allies in Congress set time limits on almost all the Bush tax cuts , which will expire during the next presidency .
If Obama or McCain do n't do anything , we 'll all be facing much higher taxes .
Not a good idea when the nation is trying to climb out of a recessionary slump .
So both parties have promised tax cuts , and we the voters have a classic opportunity to gauge each party 's priorities .
As he made the transition from maverick to Republican presidential hopeful , McCain concluded that the across - the - board tax cuts that he opposed back in 2001 now look pretty good , and he has vowed to permanently extend them , and cut various other taxes , at a cost of $ 3.7 trillion over the next 10 years .
Obama has responded with a Gore - like approach , which favors the middle class and leaves the top rate where it was during the years of Clinton prosperity — at 39.6 percent — lower than after Reagan 's first big tax cut and ridiculously undeserving of the charges of " socialism " or " destroyer of wealth . "
According to an analysis by the wizards at the Tax Policy Center at the Urban Institute and Brookings Institution , if Obama is elected , and his proposal is passed by Congress , 81 percent of American households will see their taxes go down , 8 percent will see no change , and the wealthiest 11 percent will pay higher tax bills .
Obama 's plan will cost the Treasury $ 2.7 trillion — a trillion saved from what McCain hopes to provide the wealthy — over the next 10 years .
Under the Obama plan , the bottom 20 percent of households in America would get a tax cut of $ 567 , and the middle 20 percent would see their taxes drop by $ 1,042 .
But the richest 1 percent of Americans ( those earning an average of $ 1.5 million a year ) would see taxes go up by $ 116,000 .
Under the McCain plan , the bottom 20 percent would get a $ 19 tax cut , the middle fifth would get a tax cut of $ 319 , and the wealthiest 1 percent would see their taxes go down by more than $ 40,000 .
Neither plan qualifies as European - style socialism .
Click here to read more by John Aloysius Farrell .
Click here to read more on Taxes .
Maybe the idea of John McCain suspending his campaign is not such a bad idea after all .
While Dubai ’s underpaid workers live in misery , the city ’s elite class keeps piling on architectural wonders one after another .
This time they ’ve built the world ’s largest airport , dethroning the previous record holder , Beijing ’s UFO - like Olympic Terminal .
At 16.1 million square feet , Dubai ’s International Airport is not only larger than all airports that have ever been built , but it ’s also the most modern and luxurious .
Featuring 97 escalators , 8 skytrains , 82 moving walkways , 157 lifts , and numerous bars and spas , the Emirate Terminal 3 has been launched on October 14th , to the greatest pleasure of Dubai ’s rich and famous , I ’m sure .
Pictures after the jump .
[ Via TechEblog ]
Small robots working in swarms have finally moved out of the laboratory and into the real world .
That was the most significant feature of the Ministry of Defence 's Grand Challenge competition , held over the weekend .
It 's an idea that is also being pursued by the US military .
The advantages of a decentralised swarm have long been apparent to researchers .
After all , it 's a strategy that has proven effective for ants , bees and other social insects for millions of years .
However , until now , robot swarms have been experimental rather than practical .
Flying robots
The Grand Challenge took place at the MoD 's urban combat training village on Salisbury Plain , and for the event it was bristling with threats - including hidden snipers and roadside bombs .
Eleven teams competed in trying to locate the threats using robotic systems .
Several of the teams used robots working together and at least three could be classed as true swarms .
Mindsheet fielded a fleet of mini-buggies and Locust a squadron of flying robots .
Swarm Systems
Ltd deployed a flock of eight small quad - rotor helicopters , called Owls .
" The principle advantage is robustness , " says Stephen Crampton of Swarm Systems .
" If eight vehicles go out and two are lost , then the other six can reform to carry out the whole task . "
Robustness is vital when otherwise the mission might fail because of a breakdown or accident .
In a hazardous military situation , the system must be able to absorb damage .
Additionally , multiple small units are cheap and easy to replace .
They can also cover an area quickly and reduce mission time .
The Swarm Systems team was assisted by Professor Owen Holland of the University of Essex .
Holland has previously worked on the idea of an UltraSwarm , described as a flying cluster computer in which multiple units combine their computing power .
The Owls each have a spare processor , so they could be integrated into an UltraSwarm capable of processing data collected by swarm members .
For example , it could map the dispersal pattern of airborne pollutants , allowing the swarm to follow them back to their source .
In the next year the Owls will also have a flocking algorithm .
Researchers have found that birds use surprisingly simple rules in order to maintain their formation , and this technique has already been tested for parachute supply drops by US company Atair Aerospace .
Its Onyx precision airdrop system allows GPS - guided aerofoil parachutes to fly together to the same spot without colliding .
The same type of algorithm would allow a large number of Owls to operate autonomously in the same airspace .
Crampton says that a commercial version of the Owl swarm will be marketed next year .
The possible applications include the military as well as police work , environmental monitoring and emergency search and rescue .
As might be expected , the US military is investing heavily in swarming robots , including the US army 's Micro Autonomous Systems and Technology ( Mast ) programme .
BAE Systems won a $ 38 m ( £ 20 m ) contract this year to lead an alliance of researchers from industry , academia and the military .
Mast aims to provide a soldier with a swarm of insect - sized robots that can operate with " little or no direct human supervision " and provide intelligence about what is waiting around the corner or inside buildings .
" The aim is to have a group of dissimilar robots working co-operatively , " explains Aaron Penkacik of Advanced System .
One artist 's impression released by BAE looks like a dragonfly , left ; another is a spider - like robot , above .
Each would have different roles , says Penkacik .
The spider would be cheap and expendable , able to crawl through narrow openings and climb walls .
When the spiders detect something of interest ( such as a person ) , a dragonfly would be summoned to investigate with a video camera .
The dragonflies , more expensive and capable , would be re-usable .
Other robots would be included depending on the task .
Specialised units could be capable of sniffing out chemicals , radiation or explosives , or intercepting and locating radio communications .
Heart and node
The heart of the Mast architecture is Decentralised Data Fusion .
Each robot is a node which only exchanges information with adjacent nodes .
A node processes its own sensory data and combines it with incoming data to produce useful information , which is then shared with its neighbours .
Any piece of information is only sent once , minimising the bandwidth needed .
This scheme has no centralised data processing .
The network is infinitely scaleable , and as Penkacik points out , if units are lost the network is self - healing .
Mast aims to advance the technology in this area rather than to develop a finished product .
However , the growth in unmanned systems has been rapid , with the US military 's force of airborne robots increasing from just 167 in 2002 to more than 3,000 today .
Swarming robots look like a natural fit for tactical reconnaissance needs and are likely to be adopted swiftly .
The Grand Challenge demonstrated what swarms of small , low - cost units can already achieve .
" The UK defence industry now has a new capability that can be taken to the front line , " says Crampton .
" In just over five years , the swarms of robots in the British armed forces will outnumber the soldiers . "
Grand Challenge results
Overall Winner , awarded the R J Mitchell Trophy for Innovation
Team Stellar
Additional awards for technical excellence or innovation
Most innovative solution
Team Swarm
Best use of autonomy
Team Mira
Best systems integration
No winner
Judges ' merit award
Team Cortex
Most imaginative use of national talent
Team Thales
The American financial system was shaken to its core on Sunday .
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. faced the prospect of liquidation , and Merrill Lynch & Co. agreed to be sold to Bank of America Corp .
The U.S. government , which bailed out Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac a week ago and orchestrated the sale of Bear Stearns Cos. to J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. in March , played much tougher with Lehman .
It refused to provide a financial backstop to potential buyers .
Without such support , Barclays PLC and Bank of America , the two most interested buyers , walked away .
On Sunday night , Bank of America struck an all - stock deal to buy Merrill Lynch for $ 29 a share , or $ 50 billion .
Lehman was working on a possible bankruptcy filing that would allow most of its subsidiaries to continue operating as the firm is wound down .
Though it steered clear of a bailout , the Federal Reserve is expected to take new steps to stabilize the broader financial system .
These steps , expected to be temporary , would make it easier for banks and securities firms to borrow from the central bank by using a wider range of collateral .
Bankers say these financial institutions might need short - term funds as they unwind their many trading positions with Lehman .
In addition , 10 major commercial and investment banks announced Sunday night that they would pool $ 70 billion of their own money to create a borrowing facility .
The 10 institutions , which include Citigroup Inc. , Credit Suisse Group , Deutsche Bank AG , could tap the pool to help them ride out the crisis .
The banks also said they are mutually committed to trying to mitigate market volatility .
Eighteen days ago , I published an entry titled " Conflict in Congo , refugees on the move " , which showed some of the initial chaos resulting from the war erupting once again in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo ( DR Congo ) .
In the days since , the civilian population has endured more continued fighting amongst multiple factions , cholera outbreaks , separation from family members , hunger , and further losses ( of life , property , safety and trust ) as both rebel forces and government soldiers have committed many acts of theft , rape and murder while thinly - stretched UN forces have been unable to provide much help .
The organization Doctors Without Borders ( MÃ©decins Sans FrontiÃ¨res ) has recently launched their own multimedia initiative to " bring global attention to the humanitarian consequences of the intensifying war in eastern DR Congo " , called Condition : Critical , please take the time to visit and hear the voices that reflect what is seen in the photos below .
( 39 photos total
Aside from the iPhone 2.2 update , its an otherwise slow day for Apple news , so enjoy or cringe at this picture of Woz .
Do n’t say you were n’t warned !
Via Break , which apparently did n’t realize who was in the pic !
This Mega Man 9 fan tribute is a real work of art .
Paper cut-outs are stop - motioned across real world objects arranged to form Mega Man-esque levels .
Actually , watching it back again it reminds me of a particularly creative LittleBigPlanet creation .
The Oreo Cookie ' boss battle ' is genius .
Maybe this would be a good start point for Mega Man 10 ?
Mega Man 9 - Rockin ' in Paper !
[ Snow 's Capcom Blog - thanks to Kyle Morse for the tip ]
Advertisement
The credit markets are a more important measure of the severity of the financial crisis than are stock markets , as Henry M. Paulson Jr. , the Treasury secretary , and others have noted .
But credit markets are more difficult to follow .
On this page , we have gathered five common ways to measure the recent disruptions in the credit markets .
Buzz Out Loudを聞いていたら 、Deutsche GrammophonがDRM-freeのオンラインミュージックストアを始めたというので、へーと思った。
Deutsche Grammophon , the Hamburg - based classical record company ( and part of the Universal Music Group ) , launched its own download store at midnight ( GMT ) on November 27 .
Accessible from 40 countries ( many of which do not have an iTunes store ) , the DG Web shop ( www.dgwebshop.com) offers DRM - free MP3 files encoded at 320 kbps .
Approximately 2500 releases will be available , including many that are not available either physically or on DG - stocked websites ( among this number are 600 that have been deleted as CDs ) .
High Risk Personal Loan Presents :
Anyone Can Qualify For Small Personal Loans With Bad Credit
By Terry Edward
Are you in desperate need of a loan to help with an unexpected financial situation , but feel there is no way anyone will lend you money with your current credit history ?
The good news is that it is entirely possible to get small personal loans with bad credit .
In fact , not only are these loans possible , they are probably the easiest loans to get !
Most people think that once their credit scores hit the " risk " level that they have no options available to them if they ever need financial help .
That could n't be farther from the truth !
There are plenty of ways for people with bad credit to get financial help and small personal loans .
One of the easiest ways of getting the funds you need is most commonly through a payday loan .
Payday loans are available in smaller sums .
Typically the largest payday loan you will be able to get is five hundred dollars .
If this is more than you need , then a payday loan is absolutely your best bet .
The best part about these small loans is that most of the companies who offer them do n't check your credit score .
Usually , the only qualifications for approval are a checking account that is in good standing at your bank and steady employment ( they like to see between one and three months at your current job ) .
The downside to these types of small loans is that the interest rates are usually sky high and the loans are often charged a fee that gets added to the repayment amount .
It is vital that you will be able to pay these loans back on time and in full or you could get hit with ridiculously high repayment costs .
And it pays to check around at a few different companies to get your best rates .
Another option for bad credit small personal loans is a secured credit card .
While this is n't technically a loan , it will help you get through a financially trying time .
A secured credit card is a card that comes with an initial " start up " fee that gets charged against your credit limit .
Depending on the amount of credit that you have been given , the fee might be the deciding factor in whether or not you accept the card .
A fifty dollar fee charged to a card with a two hundred and fifty dollar limit , for example , is not an option that you should take .
If you have the opportunity to choose between a secured credit card and a payday loan , the secured credit card is a better investment than a payday loan .
This is because when you make your payments on time you are taking steps to raise your credit score and create a positive repayment history .
This will make it easier for you to be approved for loans later on .
The important thing to remember is that having bad credit is not the end of the world .
Small personal loans with bad credit are entirely possible .
What 's more , a bad credit score is only temporary !
It is possible to rebuild your credit score and repayment history in a relatively short amount of time .
It is no secret that religion and science are at odds .
Attempts to reconcile them have been popular but also in vain .
Most of us recognize this now and may have even tuned out some of the continued noise in this area .
However , I would hope that everyone would sit up and take notice when the religious community attacks education itself .
Yes , religion has long been the enemy of reason , but there is something truly despicable about religiously - motivated anti-intellectualism .
It reminds us that the lessons of Galileo have not stayed with humanity .
Indeed , the Catholic Church is once again condemning knowledge in order to preserve itself .
In looking at our modern world , it is difficult to see how anyone could argue that what we really need is less education .
And yet , the institutions of organized religion seem to have little choice .
They have painted themselves into a corner by clinging to their " god of the gaps .
" Religious belief does stand in opposition to reason , science , critical thinking , and education ( as distinct from indoctrination ) .
Increasing numbers of people are realizing this and either leaving superstition behind or embracing a watered - down version of various religious traditions void of actual belief .
Because the churches depend on the ignorant masses for their very survival , they oppose what we as a society most need .
It is time for the trumpet of reason to sound .
Our neighbors need to see what is at stake here .
H/T to Spanish Inquisitor
Report Highlights
The global market for digital photography will increase from $ 131.4 billion in 2007 to an estimated $ 149.2 billion in 2008 .
It should reach $ 222.2 billion in 2013 , a compound annual growth rate ( CAGR ) of 8.3 % .
Digital photography products generated $ 91.0 billion in 2007 and an estimated $ 101.3 billion in 2008 .
This segment should increase to $ 130.6 billion in 2013 , for a CAGR of 5.2 % .
Digital photography applications are expected to generate $ 47.9 billion in 2008 , an increase from $ 40.3 billion in 2007 .
This segment should reach $ 91.5 billion in 2013 , for a CAGR of 13.3 % .
INTRODUCTION
Since the publication in 2001 of the BCC Research report Digital Photography : New Opportunities for Old and New Companies , digital photography has become dominant in the photography market .
Few people could have foreseen the impact that digital photography would have on related markets .
Even fewer would have predicted the rise of the microstock photography market and the proliferation and growth in Internet photo sharing sites .
While the impact on the photo processing market could have been predicted , most were surprised by how rapidly digital photography displaced film .
When digital cameras were introduced , the idea of customizing merchandise with personal photographs was in its infancy .
A few firms offered customized products to customers who mailed in photographs .
The market at that time was constrained by cumbersome and lengthy processes .
A few companies were offering print - on - demand books , but they were focused on text and writers .
The ability to build a business around color printing of personal photographs had only occurred to a few entrepreneurs .
The average consumer had never heard of a photo book .
Software for editing and manipulating photographs was available , but it was so difficult to learn that only a select group of designers and photographers used it .
Red - eye in photographs would be touched up manually with some sort of brush or pen .
Cropping of photographs was a manual process done by experts and photo processors .
People did not carry cameras around with them on a regular basis .
They would get them out when there was a major event or vacation .
The rest of the time most cameras languished in a closet .
How different things are today !
This report will take a close look at what has happened in over 15 market segments that are closely tied to digital photography .
STUDY GOALS AND OBJECTIVES
The digital photography market could be narrowly defined as the products which enable digital photography .
This report will not take a narrow view of the digital photography market .
The objective of the report is to identify the major market segments that are closely related to digital photography and understand how digital photography has impacted those markets .
We intend to identify the trends and technologies that are driving these markets .
We will look closely at a number of emerging market applications that are related to or that make use of digital photography .
We will examine the business models of companies in some of these emerging segments in an attempt to learn how these businesses will evolve .
REASONS FOR DOING THE STUDY
Since the publication of BCC Research ’s previous report on the digital photography market , a great deal has changed .
The digital still camera has rapidly come to dominate the market .
The dominance of digital photography has dramatically affected a number of related markets .
For some of these market segments , no major research service has developed credible market sizes as the markets are still developing and many of the key players in the markets are privately held firms that do not disclose revenues or other metrics .
BCC will provide models for sizing some of these markets , and we will look at how digital photography has changed some existing markets .
SCOPE OF REPORT
The Digital Photography Market Report will include market sizing and information on major market segments for both products and applications : Products covered include digital cameras , interchangeable lenses , photo - quality printers , image sensors , camera cell phones , and digital storage .
Applications include stock photography ( including microstock ) , professional photography and photographers , image editing and management software , photo sharing sites , photo processing , and photo book publishing .
In addition , the report will cover a number of commercial applications in the digital imaging market , including the surveillance and security market , the medical visualization market , the industrial market for machine vision , dental applications , and the traffic and law enforcement market .
The dental market and traffic and law enforcement markets will be discussed briefly , but market sizing is not provided .
The report will include a discussion of the digital photo storage market .
However , it will not provide market sizes for any of the storage market segments except digital memory cards .
Although the video camcorder and scanner markets are related to the digital photography market , this report will not cover those markets .
INTENDED AUDIENCE
This study covers the products and applications associated with the digital photography market .
This market is extremely broad and diverse .
As a result , this report examines numerous industries , which have their own structures , trends , technologies , products , and applications .
It also discusses industry structure and provides a patent analysis related to digital cameras .
Product segments covered include the following :
Digital still cameras
Interchangeable lenses
Photo processing equipment
Image sensors
Camera cell phones
Storage products
Photo printers
Applications included are the following :
Professional photography
Photo processing
Photo books
Stock and microstock photography
Image editing , manipulation , and workflow software
Photo sharing websites
Commercial applications
Commercial applications included are the following :
Security and surveillance
Machine vision
Medical visualization
Traffic and law enforcement
Automotive
Dental
This report may be useful to executives and mid-level managers in any of the industries discussed as well as industries which are tangentially involved with the ones covered in the report .
METHODOLOGY AND INFORMATION SOURCES
Data in this report came from telephone interviews with leaders in the industries involved in the report .
Production data on digital still cameras and interchangeable lenses came from the Camera and Imaging Products Association ’s shipment data published on its website , www.cipa.org/english.
Other production data came from balance sheets of numerous companies , conversations with industry leaders , and secondary research .
In a number of cases , the author developed industry models in order to estimate the market .
Forecasts are based on a number of factors , including technology developments , economic conditions , commercial realities , and product / technology life cycles .
ANALYST CREDENTIALS
Judy Horton has been a senior analyst for about 15 years , initially at AT&T and then as the director of research at AT&T Ventures .
Since leaving AT&T Ventures , she has continued to work as an independent research analyst , researching numerous markets in the technology sector .
She has researched many segments of the high - tech sector , including telecommunications , optical networking , business software , computer operating systems , the Internet economy and technologies , and many more .
If there 's one thing Canadians do n't want , it 's a Conservative majority government .
Approximately 65 percent of Canadians do not plan on voting this way .
However , if a perception builds that Stephen Harper 's party might win a majority , it will motivate more Canadians to get out to the polls on Tuesday ( October 14 ) .
Higher turnouts often , though not always , hurt right - wing parties .
That 's because the bulk of the population does not support the conservative agenda of sharply downsizing government services while sharply upsizing expenditures on the military .
Today in Quebec , Harper predicted a minority government , even though a Canadian Press / Harris - Decima poll shows his party has a nine - point lead over the Liberals .
These numbers are getting perilously close to a majority .
So why would Harper talk about a minority ?
To calm down the public , because the only way he 'll get his majority is by stealth .
Baby boys are more likely to have changes in their genitals — such as undescended testicles and smaller penises — if their mothers were exposed to high levels of a controversial chemical during pregnancy , a new study shows .
Virtually everyone has been exposed to the chemicals , called phthalates , which are used in countless plastic products and are found in everything from drinking water to breast milk to household dust , according to the study , published in the current issue of Environmental Research .
Until recently , most studies have been conducted in animals .
Those tests suggest that phthalates interfere with the male sex hormone testosterone , causing a " phthalate syndrome " in male fetuses that changes the way their genitals develop , says study author Shanna Swan , a professor at the University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry .
Swan says her study of 106 mothers and sons suggests this syndrome may be occurring in humans , too .
In her study , doctors measured phthalate levels in the mothers ' urine during pregnancy , then examined the babies at 12 months .
Boys whose mothers had the highest phthalate levels were more likely than others to show three anatomic differences : smaller penises , a shorter distance between the anus and base of the penis , and undescended or incompletely descended testicles , Swan says .
Swan also notes that most boys had normal sex organs .
Twelve had incompletely descended testicles , while 29 babies fell into a category with " shorter " anogenital distances .
In most cases , these are n't serious problems , Swan says .
Babies with undescended testicles often need no treatment , because the organs descend on their own by age 1 .
Others can be helped with hormone treatments or surgery .
And even the smaller penises appeared to be within the normal range .
But Swan says she 's concerned that these changes indicate a deeper problem — that phthalates may have made the boys " less masculine " in key ways .
In animals , males with these genital changes also had lower sperm counts , she says .
Swan says she is also concerned about girls .
It 's possible that any effects from pre-birth phthalate exposure may not surface until the girls hit puberty or try to have children , she says .
In her paper , she notes that other researchers have linked phthalates to reduced sperm quality and DNA damage , as well as hormone changes , reduced lung function and premature puberty .
More and more Americans are becoming concerned about phthalates .
In August , Congress banned several types of the chemicals in children 's toys and products .
Dozens of hospitals around the country are phasing phthalates out of their neonatal intensive care units to protect vulnerable newborns , who may spend weeks or months connected to plastic tubing .
CONGRESS BANS : Congress moves to ban contoversial chemical
HOSPITALS PHASE OUT : Hospitals work to remove chemical from tubing
Swan says scientists need to know more about the cumulative effect of these chemicals , since people are exposed to a variety of phthalates and other hormone - like chemicals every day .
She also says products made with phthalates should be clearly labeled .
" People should have a choice about limiting their exposure , " Swan says .
Swan notes that the design of her study has limitations .
Although the study links phthalates with these anatomical changes , it does n't prove cause and effect .
In her study , she notes that larger , stronger studies cost at least $ 1 million and take five years or more .
The American Chemistry Council , which represents the chemical industry , says on its website that phthalates are safe .
" The trace levels " of phthalates found in humans are below the Environmental Protection Agency 's safety guideline , so they should n't threaten human health , the council says .
In a statement on its website , the council says : " Phthalates have established a very strong safety profile over the 50 years in which they have been in general use .
There is no reliable evidence that any phthalate has ever caused a health problem for a human from its intended use . "
A blog post from Compete reveals that when you do a little finagling to the stats , it is Yahoo !
that actually does better at sending paid clicks .
What Compete ’s Alex Patriquin found was that Google dominates paid clicks when you look at the ratio of paid referrals to total search queries .
In that case , Google in the last quarter was able to convert 3.4 % of all searches into paid referrals .
Yahoo !
on the other hand , only did so for 2.6 % of searches .
However , many searches do n’t result in a click of any kind , says Patriquin .
Take this Google search for [ ounces in a shot ] , for example .
Google returns the the answer via a handy conversion calculator on top of the SERPs .
“ There are many similar examples of queries where the SERP itself provides the desired information , such as looking up phone numbers , locations , word spellings , definitions , etc. , ” writes Patriquin .
“ Sometimes , the desired information can also be found in the text snippets below each result . ”
So there is a percentage of all searches that do n’t result in any sort of referral — paid or natural .
Thus , argues Patriquin , the more appropriate measure of paid search success is the percentage of paid search referrals out of the total number of referrals , not searches .
In that metric , Yahoo ! is the clear leader .
In Q3 2008 , Yahoo ! ’s paid referral rate was 5.1 % , while Google ’s was 4.8 % .
Yahoo ! has lead in this metric the last three quarters .
Why ?
Because Yahoo !
apparently does a better job of leading users on a wild goose chase .
That same search for [ ounces in a shot ] returns a paid results from Calibex and BizRate , rather than a conversation calculator .
“ For users , it ’s great to get the desired information right there on the SERP , without having to click - through to another page , ” says Patriquin .
“ For search engines , it ’s a missed opportunity to monetize a search . ”
However , this study is actually a good window into what Yahoo ! gets wrong .
Even though , as Patriquin says , “ volume and average revenue per paid referral being equal , Yahoo !
would make more money in paid search , ” the fact is that they ’re not equal , and the reason boils down to user experience .
For the search mentioned above , both Google and Yahoo !
deliver the same link first in their natural results , but the experience on Google is far , far superior .
Yahoo !
delivers more paid referrals on a percentage basis , but their slice of the pie is so much smaller than Google ’s that they do n’t make as much money .
“ These findings should still give heart to Yahoo ! , ” argues Patriquin , “ which has taken a drubbing the press and the markets on the conventional wisdom that it ’s inferior to Google in monetizing searches .
As we have seen , when we take out those searches that do n’t qualify for monetization , the old Purple & Yellow actually leads the field . ”
But he ’s wrong .
His report actually lends further proof to what consumers have long ago decided : the experience at Google is just better .
Yahoo !’s better paid search conversion rate is due to the fact that their search results are less useful for consumers .
As long as there remains that user experience gap , Yahoo ! will never be able to catch up to Google in search .
Day three of the ASPO - USA Conference in Sacramento was focused on where we go from here with fuels other than oil .
It began with a session on coal and natural gas reserves and the potential of biofuels .
There was considerable information on each of the slides that each of he presenters provided , and so I encourage you to go and look at the presentations which should be up soon on the ASPO site .
So much has changed in the past two decades and the fuel that was the kickoff fuel for the Industrial Revolution has become something that folk just wish would “ go away . ”
This contrast , and the relative view of nations as to where they stand is epitomized by the examples of China and India , who are building coal plants as fast as they can , with the United States , where some 59 of 151 planned coal power plants are on hold , or cancelled , while only 28 are in construction and 66 are still in planning .
As this doubt about future conditions has grown , so the price has doubled .
There has been a strong correlation between the amount of fossil fuel that is used and the size of the world population .
Coal was the fuel that helped initiate the Industrial Revolution and is , at present the fastest growing fuel source , with natural gas second and oil third .
There has been some misperception about the use of fuels in that when the dominant fuel changed from wood to coal , mankind did not stop using wood , rather while the amount of coal used grew , the amount of wood held steady .
Similarly when oil began to be used as a source of fuel this built on the amount of coal being used , and that level was almost sustained so that with significant coal and wood being burned , the fuel use grew larger .
A turkey can sit in relative comfort anticipating based on history , a long , happy life , not being able to forecast Thanksgiving .
So at present we look backwards , rather than looking at what the future is likely to bring for us , and think that all is well .
Coal is about two - thirds of the fossil fuel that is left to us , but as the population increases , and the amount of energy used per capita also rises , we are burning though it at an increasing rate .
The amount remaining is in question .
A National Academy Report in 2007 noted that it is questionable that the United States has enough coal to last more than a hundred years .
There have been two studies , one by the Energy Watch Group and one from Uppsala ( pdf ) , both of which show that the peak will , however , more likely be sooner .
Dave Rutledge ’s work at Caltech suggests that this earlier decline , and the drop in coal use , will mean that the amounts of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere will fall below the lowest prediction of the IPCC on GHG generation .
Looking at the power that would be required to sequester that gas , it would cost 27 % of the energy generated by a coal powered station to gather and sequester these gases and if the technique was based on the IGCC model then the construction costs would be 32 % higher .
Ultra super critical combustion in current plants can run at 43 % efficiency , and when this is combined with district heating ( " cogeneration " ) can raise the overall energy recovery to 70 % , in contrast with the 51 % figure for the IGCC .
His opinion is that it is best to concentrate more on conservation , since coal would be around for a long time .
The Chinese will peak in population in 2030 at 1.3 billion people , but then India will pass them , and both nations want not just to sustain the energy use per capita but to increase it .
Demand will thus continue to grow .
But this is an exponential growth that is not sustainable .
( The only folk that think otherwise are either mad or economists . )
It is a problem we cannot win , we can only try not to lose .
And the question becomes do we adapt and change , or do we reach a point of societal collapse .
The next talk was on Biofuels , and was given by Robert Rapier .
In the talk he mentioned a number of the points that he has written about on TOD as well as on his own site .
His message was not that we should abandon hope , but that there were both weak and strong contenders for success .
If there was a common thread to the speakers of the morning it was in their attempt to address the scale of the problem that we face .
Robert pointed out that all the corn ethanol produced at present does not equate to more than the production of a single large oil refinery .
Ethanol production from corn is subsidized , and without that subsidy , and a mandated market , would not survive .
It is purported to be a bridge , but a bridge to nowhere ( cellulosic ethanol ) , and so we should say “ Thanks , but No . ”
Were cellulosic ethanol to work it would require a forest of material feed stock a year per plant .
The only viable way to make the process work economically , since the ethanol content is initially so low in the beer produced , is to go the gasification ( syngas ) route .
Sugar cane to ethanol is , however , another story .
The reason that it is effective comes from the use of the plant waste , the bagasse , as a fuel for the processing plant .
( The ash is then mixed with a compost of other parts of the waste and then returned to the soil . )
Biodiesel is significantly different from petro-diesel .
He feels that there are two possible contenders that may lead to a future solution .
The first is the process being developed by the LS9 Company which is after the “ Holy Grail ” of biofuels , and which may reach it though there are many challenges technically , a major one being in the separation of water from the fuel .
This holds equally true for the other alternative , butanol , for which he has a soft spot , given his earlier work in the field .
Not only is it difficult to remove the water from the product , but it is also very difficult to scale up to the volumes required to make a difference .
In a reality check , he noted that the main reason that Brazil is independent in Energy is because of their off - shore oil , and that ethanol plays a small part in that overall success .
This cannot be compared with the needs of the United States .
He pointed out a couple of cases where initial enthusiasm has led to diminishing hopes as the process was scrutinized .
He is cautious about biodiesel from algae , since there have been some “ Photoshop technology ” presented to the public as well as some other shenanigans , and it has a long way to go .
At the moment it is “ an interesting R&D project . ”
He suggested that , in the short term it does not help anyone for politicians to wage war on the oil companies , and we really need them to encourage behavior to reduce consumption .
Andy Weissman then returned to the podium , to give a talk on Natural Gas ( NG ) supplies and the risks associated with its use in generating electricity .
The most risk is that the increased reliance on the fuel , in a time of shrinking supply , will lead to a cost that is at a premium relative to oil .
The marginal supply for NG is liquefied NG ( LNG ) which is imported .
While there is , at present , more than enough to go around , this will change by 2011 .
At that point demand will continue to rise against an inadequate supply and this will lead to as dangerous a situation as one might imagine .
It could very well double or triple electricity costs .
The current price softening is transient , but will not discourage the building demand which can be expected to explode , just as supply tightens in the 2011 to 2012 period .
In this regard he pointed out that the EIA had not even been close in their predictions of demand growth .
Increased coal use in the short term will not happen , since the utilities are all installing NG plants , and this is not recognized .
Thus we are flying blind on what the real demand will be .
We paid a huge price the last time that we got this wrong , but have not learned the lesson .
We need to stress Energy Efficiency , since this has the most potential , but our record on this in the past has not been good .
Providing the motivation has been difficult and we need targets to be set , and these should be aggressive .
Attempts to date have been long ongoing but with little significant success .
In regard to the recent growth in gas , this is not sustainable .
It came about through a combination of circumstances , particularly the technical breakthroughs in getting gas from the large shale deposits around the country .
He fears that the production from the Barnett shale may peak next year .
This is due to the ability of the industry to find the “ sweet spots ” early , but even there the individual wells decline at a very fast rate .
At the same time imports from Canada could well drop rapidly .
The supply of gas down the MacKenzie Pipeline requires that it first be built , and that is still not certain , given the resistance of some of the local Indian tribes along the route .
It is troubling that there exist such a number of questions , even in the short - term future since an increasing percentage of the world is starting to rely on LNG as a supply source .
And sadly there is no Plan B .
When one then considers what the future power source will be for electricity , nuclear is not likely to increase greatly in overall volume , wind though currently popular has no storage capacity , and is intermittent and does not often blow when it is most needed .
And this leaves coal .
But in his opinion we would be unlikely to increase coal use without a program of sequestration .
After a short break , the second session of the morning dealt with coal , carbon capture and Climate Change issues .
Michael Webber led off the session by discussing the pro’s and con ’s of coal - to - liquids plants .
Coal - to - Liquid ( CTL ) plants are not new , and have provided fuel for over half a century , and so there is a considerable background of information on their use .
Further since the USA has an abundant amount of coal and the US Air Force is concerned about the security of future supply , this is something that they have tested , and found to provide a product that is much to their liking .
It is , however , expensive ( oil price + $ 10 ) and he is not sure that it could be sustained without significant subsidy .
Further there are the environmental costs of surface mining , and questions as to how long the supply will really last , since at present major coal production has switched to the lower energy , but lower sulfur , coal from the strip mines of Wyoming .
There are 4.3 million acres under permit application for mining use .
Scale was again brought forward as an issue .
If 1 Btu is the amount of energy in a single match head , consider that we use around 100 Quads ( 10 to the power 12 ) Btu ’s of energy each year .
Further , because it is difficult to put carbon capture devices on tailpipes , if we are to reduce carbon it must be done at the stationary sources , such as power plants .
However not only is the greenhouse gas ( GHG ) generation of concern , but so also is the water use , and the processes required to scrub other gases from the flue gas emitted by the plants .
Power plants are the greatest users of water .
And the ugly part of the situation is that the actual installation of CTL plants is politically and policy driven and so , at this time it is hard to predict whether we will see a 70 % increase in production , or a 50 % decrease , and so planning is somewhat haphazard .
Yet , because of the scale of production one has to ask what might one replace it with ?
Further , in terms of growth , there is the concern as to how the coal is to be moved , since in many cases rail lines and mine car supply is maxed out .
The hope at one time was that 50 % of the Air Force need could be met from CTL by 2016 .
However Representative Henry Waxman has introduced legislation that effectively bans purchase of any CTL fuel except in that the wording is subject to some interpretation .
And so the debate continues .
While it does , the problems do not go away , and we are faced with issues that relate to Resource Depletion , the Economics of supply , and the impact on the Environment .
We need to either replace coal or fix its problems .
The second talk in the session was by Pamela Tomski of Entech Strategies LLC , who talked about carbon sequestration .
In terms of scale she began by noting that to have any effect we need to remove about 1 gigaton of carbon per year from the atmosphere .
She went through the history of carbon capture and sequestration ( CCS ) development .
It is now a major topic for discussion in terms of climate change , and the impact that CCS might have .
One such is the new acronym NUMBY ( not UNDER my back yard ) .
She reviewed the various strategies for capture that might be used , and stressed the high costs , both financial and in energy , to be successful .
It will take between 20 % and 40 % of the power output from a plant to be diverted into CCS , and such integration , even when undertaken , will not be easy .
And we only have two IGCC plants in the country .
To move carbon dioxide around may need a network of pipelines similar in size to that of existing oil supply lines .
From Europe , there has been some suggestion that liquid CO2 could be shipped back to Saudi Arabia for enhanced oil recovery ( EOR ) .
Liquid carbon dioxide has been used in enhanced oil recovery for about 20 years , successfully .
It has also been stored successfully ( there are places where it is found trapped naturally and in these places it has been pumped out for use ) .
EOR could thus see an increase in production , over time , of up to 48 billion bbl of oil .
There are three major current projects , Sleipnir in Norway , Salah in Algeria , and at Weyburn in Canada .
On a reality check , there is really no concept of scale as yet in terms of the size of the problem that needs to be addressed .
One should trust no cost estimates at this point .
It could well lead to a 40 % to 80 % increase in the price of electricity .
It is something that Greenpeace is opposed to .
And while there are few regulations in place , this is being addressed at the State level .
The problem in part comes in that there is not enough human capital available to work on the program .
And when all is said and done the GHG produced by China and India will make the effort almost irrelevant .
The final speaker of the morning was Randy Udall who talked about the conflicts between peak oil and global warming .
He began by noting that four million Chinese miners will go underground to work this week , and by the end of the week about a hundred will have died .
We are mining and burning coal at an ever increasing rate , so that half of the world ’s entire consumption has occurred since 1980 .
It is possible that fossil fuel energy production will peak in 2017 , and this is not recognized by the IPCC .
They plan as though there is a never ending supply of oil and coal , and this is reflected in their models .
They are not amenable to correction , and there is only a small group within the IPCC that addresses the energy aspects of the situation .
They assume that energy scarcity is a myth , that fuels are superabundant , there will always be free global trading of supplies , that coal can be made into almost anything , and that it will remain cheap for all of the next century .
This attitude and fixation is dangerous , since the debate between those who press these opinions and those concerned about oil production pass each other by .
But in both cases they foresee an increase in cost .
But the actual increment is likely to be higher because of peak oil , rather than that incurred through CCS .
In some ways he thinks that Peak Oil is a gift .
At the lunch that followed Rep. Terry Backer of Connecticut and Debbie Cook , Mayor of Huntington Beach , and candidate for California 's 46th congressional district were both given awards for “ Speaking Truth to Power . ”
Sadly I had to leave at that point , and I may post on where I went later , and , as usual I will have a post on my conclusions as well .
But for those who stayed , or heard different things , or who have other comments please help those who could n’t be there by adding comments to this .
Thanks !
The one thing that those of you who have n’t been to one of these should realize is that the information density of any one of the talks we are give is immense .
Thus any of the summaries that I present are just a shadow of the reality of the information that the talks contain , Please , therefore , after looking at these very brief summaries do visit the web site and download the presentations themselves , or perhaps better wait a short while and buy the DVDs .
NOVEMBER 21--A 12 - year - old Florida student was arrested earlier this month after he " deliberately passed gas to disrupt the class , " according to police .
The child , who was also accused of shutting off the computers of classmates at Stuart 's Spectrum Jr. / Sr. High School , was busted November 4 for disruption of a school function .
A Martin County Sheriff 's Office report notes that the 4 ' 11 " offender admitted that he " continually disrupted his classroom environment by breaking wind and shutting off several computers . "
The boy , whose name was redacted from the police report released today , was turned over to his mother following the arrest .
The young perp turned 13 on November 15 .
( 2 pages )
By Simon Butler
November 12 , 2008 --
Many environmentalists believe that environmental destruction is a product of “ overpopulation ” , and that the world is already “ full up ” .
So are population reduction strategies essential to solving the climate crisis ?
At best , population control schemes focus on treating a symptom of an irrational , polluting social and economic system rather than the causes .
In China , for instance , such measures have n’t solved that country ’s environmental problems .
At worst , populationist theories shift the blame for climate change onto the poorest and most vulnerable people in the Third World .
They do not address the reasons why environmental damage , or even instances of overpopulation , happen in the first place and they divert attention away from the main challenge facing the climate movement — the urgent need to construct a new economy based on environmentally sustainable technologies and the rising of living standards globally .
For at least 200 years , “ overpopulation ” has been used to explain a host of social problems such as poverty , famine , unemployment and — more recently — environmental destruction .
Between 1798 - 1826 , the conservative English economist and clergyman Thomas Malthus published six editions of his influential Essay on the Principle of Population , which argued that population growth inevitably outstrips food production .
Malthus ’ argument was that the English working class was poor because they were too numerous , not because they were exploited .
He opposed welfare or higher wages because , he said , that would allow the poor to survive , and breed , compounding “ overpopulation ” and leading to more poverty .
Malthus was wrong about food production .
In the last two centuries , food production has grown faster than population — his theories nevertheless gained wide acceptance among the English elite of the day because they provided a convenient excuse to blame the poor for their own predicament .
In the 1960s , Malthus ’ anti-human ideas were resuscitated by a new generation of conservative theorists who argued that the people of the global South remained hungry because there were too many to feed .
US environmentalist Paul Erlich , in his 1968 bestseller The Population Bomb , argued for population control measures in the Third World to , he said , avert an ecological crisis .
Populationists like Erlich usually do n’t question the unequal allocation of resources on a global scale .
Nor do they admit that high birth rates in the Third World are largely a response to dire poverty .
Instead , they look at the world ’s resources as though they were dividing up a pie : reduce the world ’s population and those remaining will each get a bigger slice .
They fail to address the question of power and , therefore , unequal access to global resources .
Most environmentalists who believe that population control is necessary would still reject the most extreme forms of the populationist argument .
But the fact remains that the real driver of climate change is not population growth but a market economy locked into burning fossil fuels for energy .
The corporations that profit most from taking the lion ’s share of global resources are the same polluting industries that , today , are resisting the necessary shift away from carbon - based economies .
Populationists tend to downplay the question of power .
As renowned US ecologist Barry Commoner commented , populationist solutions to environmental destruction are “ equivalent to attempting to save a leaking ship by lightening the load by forcing passengers overboard ” .
He went on to ask the question that populationists tend to ignore : “ One is constrained to ask if there is not something wrong with the ship ” .
The world is not experiencing runaway population growth .
Global population is growing , but the rate of growth is slowing .
It peaked in the 1960s and has been in decline ever since .
Global population grew by 140 % between 1950 and 2000 .
Experts predict a further rise of 50 % between 2000 and 2050 , and just 11 % in the 50 years after that .
The simplistic view that population control is the main way to reverse runaway climate change can obscure debate over other measures .
These include : the rapid replacement of fossil fuel - generated energy with renewables ; improvements in energy efficiency ; and the introduction of sustainable agricultural methods .
In rich countries such as Australia , we need to campaign for environmental outcomes that sharply reduce Third World poverty , including cancelling debt owed to First World nations .
It is well documented — including in the wealthy countries — that birth rates fall as living standards rise .
Furthermore , the greater economic independence women have , and the more control women have over their own bodies , the fewer children they have .
Development , along with women ’s emancipation , is the best contraception .
It is undeniable that parts of the world are overcrowded , and that land degradation through over - logging , erosion , over - hunting , over - fishing and poor waste disposal are massive problems in the countries of the global South .
These social , economic and environment problems are interlinked , and point to the real causes of overpopulation and environmental destruction of the Third World — extreme poverty .
Liberty and justice and rights for the poor , especially women , have to be our concern .
[ This article first appeared in Green Left Weekly issue # 774 , November 12 , 2008 .
A Beacon - Oriented Strategy for SETI
I ’ve spent so much recent time on two SETI / METI papers by James , Gregory and Dominic Benford because they contain powerful arguments for re-thinking our current SETI strategy .
By analyzing how we might construct cost - optimized interstellar beacons , the authors ask what those beacons might look like if other civilizations were turning them toward us .
The results are striking : A distant beacon operating for maximum effect consistent with rational expense would offer up a pulsed signal that will be short and intermittent , recurring over periods of a month or year .
It will , in other words , be unlike the kind of persistent signal that conventional SETI is optimized to search for .
Searches designed to sweep past stars quickly , hoping to find long - lasting beacons whose signature would be apparent , would rarely notice oddball signals that seem to come out of nowhere and then vanish .
Tracking such signals , looking for signs of regularity and repetition , calls for a different strategy .
Image : Looking toward galactic center , a line of sight that may offer our best chance to intercept an interstellar beacon .
The center of the Milky Way is behind the center of the photo .
As many as thirty Messier objects are visible , including all types of nebulae and star clusters .
The lines through the picture were caused by airplanes , and the dark objects in the foreground are trees .
Credit : NASA / Dave Palmer .
But let ’s stop for a moment .
Given our inability to know who might be transmitting to us , how can we make any assumptions , given that we ’re relating our own optimum cost strategy for beacons to theirs ?
The principle of parsimony seems reasonable to us — economic demands have a shaping effect on any project , especially long - term ones like interstellar communication .
But can we assume the principle is equally valid for alien civilizations ?
The Benfords ’ METI paper analyzes these concerns , and their SETI paper summarizes nicely :
The optimum cost strategy leads directly to a remarkable cost insensitivity to the details of economic scaling .
The ratio of costs for antenna area and system power depends on only the ratio of exponents … and not on the details of the technology .
That ratio varies on Earth by only a factor of two .
Both these costs may well be related principally to labor cost ; if so it cancels out .
This means fashions in underlying technology will matter little , and our experience may robustly represent that of other technological societies .
It ’s an interesting argument to chew on and one developed at much greater length than I can summarize here — a read through the relevant sections will expose you to elegant and ingenious reasoning .
And if we assume that cost - optimized beacons do exist , the interesting thing is that current SETI methods would be unlikely to find them .
In current practice , search dwell times ( the time when the apparatus is looking at a specific place ) are only a few seconds long in survey operations , while ranging between 100 and 200 seconds for targeted searches .
Couple that with long integration times on the order of 100 seconds — this means that short pulses tend to be integrated out of the results .
If we ’re looking for short , pulsed signals rather than persistent ones , we ’re also hampered by the fact that in most SETI searches to date , the amount of time between when the observer first looks at a target and then looks back at it in an attempt to confirm it is often a matter of days .
It can be years when we ’re talking about data from the SETI@Home effort .
What it would take to identify beacons of the kind described here are searches of the galactic plane that operate for lengthy time frames , on the scale of years .
Slow and steady does the job .
Our distant beacon will , given these assumptions , show up in our detectors for a much shorter period than conventional SETI assumes .
It ’s intriguing that previous searches have indeed noticed at least a few pulsed , intermittent signals that resemble this description of a beacon ’s activities .
A survey of galactic center reported on in 1997 by W.T. Sullivan ( reference below ) , for example , could confirm nothing in repeat observations that would indicate a persistent beacon .
But it did record “ … “ intriguing , non-repeatable , narrowband signals , apparently not of manmade origin and with some degree of concentration toward the galactic plane … ”
Again , these are one - time signals that do not repeat within the search period .
A close look at GCRT J1745-3009 , an unusual transient bursting radio source some 1.25° south of galactic center , first discovered in 2002 and re-observed several times since , is a useful chance for the Benfords to do a beacon analysis using their parameters .
It ’s an interesting source , to be sure , with explanations from masers to flare stars , double neutron star binary pulsars , white dwarf pulsars and more all failing to fit the observations .
The paper ’s analysis shows that GCRT J1745-3009 is unlikely to be artificial , but if it is a cost - optimized beacon , it must be targeted given the fact that the field of stars it covers is quite small .
A rational follow - up strategy might be as follows :
1 ) Stare at the direction of GCRT J1745-3009 at higher frequencies as both cost optimization and higher information - carrying ability argue .
Another information - bearing signal could be at the optimum high frequencies , ~ 10 GHz .
A temporal analysis should be conducted to search for structure in the bursts , since measurements to date have not looked for any message content .
2 ) look in the opposite direction , 180 degrees from the Center , to see if there ’s another beam communicating toward GCRT J1745-3009 .
The method could tell us whether we ’ve by chance intercepted an interstellar communication link .
This particular source seems an unlikely candidate , but it is interesting enough to trigger subsequent study and gives us a chance to put the cost - optimized strategy to work .
Another interesting candidate is the so - called ‘ WOW ’ signal seen at Ohio State in 1977 .
A year - long campaign directed at galactic center might uncover a follow - up , but it also gives us an idea of the kind of effort the search for the fleeting signals of such beacons might involve .
Image : The WOW !
Signal .
Credit : The Ohio State University Radio Observatory and the North American AstroPhysical Observatory ( NAAPO ) .
We will need to be patient and wait for recurring events that may arrive in intermittent bursts .
Special attention should be paid to areas along the Galactic Disk where SETI searches have seen coherent signals that are non-recurring on their limited listening time intervals .
Since most stars lie close to the galactic plane , as viewed from Earth , occasional pulses at small angles from that plane should have priority .
Thus the call for systematic scans of the entire galactic plane , emphasizing the importance of galactic center , with steady observing periods covering a span of years .
For reasons discussed in the METI paper , the 10 GHz range is optimum as opposed to lower - frequency , more conventional SETI choices .
Re-thinking our SETI strategy offers the chance to maximize the chances for detection , just as , the Benfords show , analyzing the demands of interstellar messaging ( METI ) can provide significant insights into the kind of signal we might find .
The papers are James Benford et al. , “ Cost Optimized Interstellar Beacons : METI , ” available here , and Gregory Benford et al. , “ Cost Optimized Interstellar Beacons : SETI , ” available here .
As I ’ve mentioned before , these papers work as a unit and should be read together , the one illuminating the other .
The Sullivan paper I discuss above is Sullivan et al. , “ A Galactic Center Search For Extraterrestrial Intelligent Signals , ” Astronomical and Biochemical Origins and the Search for Life in the Universe , IAU Colloquium 161 , Publisher : Bologna , Italy , p. 653 .
Z Meditation DeConditioning Inquiry Videos
There is a term in Sanskrit ‘ Maya ’ .
It means illusion – wrong beliefs or conditionings .
They say that most people in the world are living in illusion .
There is no better place to see this fact than the retreats of Z Meditation .
There are so many wrong beliefs that people have .
Today we live in a 24 - hour news cycle , even for sports .
And with so much coverage , there is a desperate need for stories .
One type of story that generates grand attention is drug stories .
And I ’m not talking about performance enhancing drugs stories , such as those concerning steroids , HGH , or blood doping .
There are plenty of those stories out there and those stories sell .
Just ask Jose Canseco .
But what about other drug stories ?
The ones where a player use marijuana , cocaine , or another recreational drug ?
It seems everyday you hear about some pro athlete getting caught with something illegal .
Those stories are so commonplace , it ’s basically a running joke and not news .
But there is something deeper to these stories .
For example , how are these substances affecting an athlete ’s performance ?
There ’s no easy answer .
You ca n’t exact pinpoint a player ’s lack of success on one factor .
It ’s not that simple .
Still , it only seems logical to blame an athlete ’s poor performance on drugs .
At least in some circumstances .
But which athletes ?
Certainly players like Lawrence Taylor , Michael Irvin , and Theo Fleury have had problems with drugs .
Yet these guys performed at high levels .
Did their on - field performance even suffer ?
There ’s no way to really tell .
However , I ’ll take my best educated guess and focus on the players that appear to have hurt their careers by drug use .
Those that lost fame , fortune , and possibly a place in history .
A grand what could have been ?
This list looks at the ten athletes that damaged their career by substance abuse .
It attempts to factor in how much the drugs affected the athlete and how much it cost them .
The better the athlete and the more damage done , the higher a player ranks on this list .
But timing matters too .
A guy like Ricky Williams , even as a notorious marijuana smoker , really did n’t run into legal problems until after he decided to quit football ( the first time ) .
So the damage was n’t as significant for him .
Now on to the list ( sorry , no wrestlers ) :
10 . Josh Hamilton , Baseball
Hamilton represents both sides of the coin on this one , the fall from grace due to drugs and then the resurrection after kicking the habit .
He was a blue chip prospect and first overall draft pick in 1999 by the then Tampa Bay Devil Rays .
The Rays then promptly signed him to a then - record $ 3.96 million signing bonus .
At the beginning of the 2001 season , Hamilton was rated the best prospect in all of baseball .
It was then that his career began to derail due to drugs and injuries .
He would play only 27 games in 2001 , and injuries limited him to 56 games in 2002 .
At the start of the 2003 season , Hamilton left the team for six weeks , later admitting that during that span , he tried every drug he could get his hands on .
He would eventually take the rest of the season off for “ personal reasons ” after a 25 day suspension for violating Major League Baseball ’s substance abuse policy .
He would enter rehab , but it did n’t take .
All told , Hamilton would quit and re-enter drug rehab eight times .
At the start of 2004 , he was again suspended 30 days and fined for violating the MLB drug policy .
The punishment indicated that Hamilton had already failed two or more prior tests .
After failing yet another drug test , MLB had had enough , and on February 18 , 2004 , suspended him indefinitely .
From 2004 until 2006 , Hamilton did not play baseball at all .
In June of 2006 , MLB reinstated Hamilton , and he ended up playing 15 games for the short season A - ball Hudson Valley Renegades .
Despite playing only 15 games since 2002 , and having only 89 at bats above A - ball , the Chicago Cubs selected him third overall in the Rule 5 Draft after the season .
The Cubs sold him to Cincinnati , and per the terms of the Rule 5 Draft he had to stay in the majors all year or risk being placed on waivers .
Cincinnati decided to keep him in the majors , allowing Hamilton to finally make his major league debut in 2007 , just short of his 26th birthday .
A successful , but unspectacular rookie campaign followed .
During the off - season he was traded to the Texas Rangers for Edinson Volquez .
The redemption was complete in 2008 when he was named to the American League All - Star team .
He also participated in the Home Run Derby , where he hit 28 home runs in one round , a record .
Hamilton will be 28 early next season and still has the time to put up an impressive career .
But what might have been a Hall of Fame career was derailed for several years due to drug use .
Unlike many on this list , Hamilton has a great opportunity for a post - drug use career .
9. John Daly , Golf
Daly turned pro in 1987 , later joining the PGA Tour in 1991 .
He has won two majors in his career , the 1991 PGA Championship and the 1995 British Open .
The former helped him be named PGA Tour Rookie of the Year in 1991 .
It also garnered him a fair bit of fame , as he won the event despite being the tournament ’s ninth ( and last ) alternate .
He was only allowed to play after Nick Price dropped out and no other alternates could make it .
Notwithstanding some success on the golf course , Daly was always a wreck off the course .
The two majors he won earned him ten - year exemptions , and allowed him to keep his PGA tour card despite inconsistent play .
In December of 1992 , while drunk , he shoved his wife into a wall while pulling her hair .
The PGA pressured him to go to rehab , which he complied with .
Nevertheless , he continued to drink heavily and push himself recklessly .
He once claimed that he drank a fifth of Jack Daniel ’s every day when he was 23 .
In late 1993 , Daly was given an indefinite suspension and again told to seek treatment for his alcoholism .
In 1994 he missed the cut in two majors , and was disqualified from the Greater Hartford Open .
At the NEC World Series of Golf , he wrestled in the parking lot with a 62 year - old fan .
With another suspension looming , Daly voluntarily left the tour for the rest of the season .
He also lost millions after companies dropped their endorsement deals with him .
Despite being good enough to win two majors , Daly went from 1996 to 2001 without a professional victory .
In total , Daly has just five PGA tour wins .
And his problems are n’t over , just recently on October 26th , Daly was taken into custody by Winston - Salem police after he was found drunk outside an area Hooters restaurant .
What could have Daly been as a clean and sober golfer ?
8. Pelle Lindbergh , Hockey
Lindbergh was a Swedish goalie that represented his country in the 1980 Winter Olympics .
He was drafted by the Philadelphia Flyers in 2nd round , 35th overall pick of the 1979 NHL Entry Draft .
He briefly played for the Flyers in the 1981 - 1982 season , before staying up full time for the 1982 - ’83 season .
Lindbergh was named the goalie of the NHL All - Rookie Team that year .
Two years later , he would led the NHL with 40 victories and win the Vezina Trophy , the NHL ’s award for best goaltender .
He would become the first European goaltender in NHL history to do so .
He was also a first team NHLer and would help lead the Flyers to the Stanley Cup finals .
On November 10 , 1985 , he drove his car into a wall , fatally injuring himself and also injuring two others .
Toxicology reports disclosed that he had a blood alcohol level of .24 at the time of the accident , well above the .1 legal limit at the time .
Despite his death , Lindbergh topped the fan voting for the 1986 NHL All - Star Game , becoming the first player chosen posthumously for an all - star team in a major North American team sport .
Lindbergh ’s brief , but successful career is another warning against the dangers of drinking and driving .
Alcohol prevented a potentially great career from ever happening .
7. Darryl Strawberry , Baseball
Strawberry was the first overall pick of the 1980 MLB Draft by the New York Mets .
He debuted in the majors in 1983 , winning the National League ’s Rookie of the Year award .
From 1984 through 1991 , he was an All - Star every year , producing at a high level .
He was also a member of the Mets 1986 World Series team .
After the 1991 season he was 29 years old and he had 280 lifetime homers .
He seem destined for the Hall of Fame .
It was not to be .
After that season his personal problems caught up with him and he would not hit his 300th homer for another 6 years .
Strawberry later admitted his first experience with cocaine occurred in 1983 , soon after he was promoted to the major leagues .
He also admitted to drinking and occasionally smoking pot before reaching the majors .
The combination took a toll on his personal life , as he faced accusations of spousal abuse and tax evasion off the field .
By 1987 he was drinking virtually every night and was using more cocaine .
By 1990 Strawberry had checked into alcohol rehab .
It was a vicious cycle .
The alcohol and drugs led to erratic behavior , which in turn led him to more drugs after he was criticized .
In the end , Strawberry would end up being suspended three times by MLB after repeatedly using cocaine .
He finished with just 335 career homers , and was a shell of his former self once he hit 30 .
There was no Hall of Fame induction for Strawberry .
6. Vin Baker , Basketball
Baker was selected by the Milwaukee Bucks with the 8th overall pick out of the University of Hartford in the 1993 NBA Draft .
After four seasons with the Bucks , he was traded to the Seattle SuperSonics .
Baker ’s first five seasons in the league were strong , making the All - Rookie team his first year and the All - Star team in his next four seasons .
In his sixth year , the 1998 - 99 season , there was labor strife and a lockout , which led to a shortened season .
Baker later admitted that his binge drinking began during that year .
He saw his weight balloon to near 300 pounds , and his game suffered tremendously .
He was never again an all - star and never approached the statistics he put up during his first five years .
After four seasons with the SuperSonics , he was traded to the Boston Celtics .
In Boston , there were reports that Baker smelled of alcohol at practice .
His skill and athleticism had eroded and the team suspended him indefinitely , leading to his eventual release .
Baker would go on to play for the New York Knicks , Houston Rockers , Los Angeles Clippers , and Minnesota Timberwolves before retiring .
The stats tell the whole story .
Baker was a force before his binge drinking , and an also - ran after it .
A potential Hall of Famer , Baker became a poster child for the dangers of alcohol .
5. Dwight Gooden , Baseball
Gooden was drafted fifth overall in the first round of the 1982 MLB Draft .
He spent just one full season in the minors , debuting at the age of 19 with the New Yorks Mets at the start of the 1984 season .
He would go on to win the National League Rookie of the Year award that year and set several rookie records ( Ironically , he won one year after Strawberry ) .
In 1985 , he was dominant , winning a Cy Young and leading the league in all the triple crown pitching categories : wins , ERA , and strikeouts .
He remains the youngest Cy Young winner ever .
But he would never be as good again .
His decline has been attributed to many factors , but the two main reasons are early overuse and cocaine addiction .
In 1986 he helped the Mets win the World Series , but no -showed the team victory parade .
The team announced that their star pitcher had overslept , but years later , it was revealed that he was on a cocaine binge .
Rumors of substance abuse began to arise during the 1986 offseason , which were confirmed when Gooden tested positive for cocaine during spring training in 1987 .
He entered rehab , which caused him to not start a game until June 5 .
Despite missing one third of the season , Gooden actually had a solid year .
Gooden would go on to suffer several injuries over the next few season , during which his career declined significantly .
In 1994 , Gooden again tested positive for cocaine and was suspended 60 days .
He tested positive yet again while serving the suspension , and was suspended for the entire 1995 season .
Gooden ’s playing career end in 2000 , but he continued to have run-ins with the law over alcohol and drugs for the next several years .
In the end , what once looked like a sure fire Hall of Fame career ended as just another player .
4. Roy Tarpley , Basketball
Tarpley was selected by the Dallas Mavericks with the seventh pick of the first round of the 1986 Draft out of the University of Michigan .
Tarpley made the All - Rookie Team in his first season and won the NBA ’s Sixth Man Award the following year .
He played for the Mavericks until October 1991 , when he was expelled from the NBA for using cocaine , a violation of the league ’s substance - abuse policy .
Tarpley would then play two seasons in Greece until he was reinstated by the league in 1994 .
But his NBA return was short - lived , as he was permanently banned from the league in December 1995 for using alcohol and violating the terms of a court - imposed personal after - care program .
After being banned again from the NBA , Tarpley spent five years playing for professional teams throughout Europe .
He possesses NBA career averages of 12.6 points and 10.0 rebounds per game .
Tarpley applied for reinstatement again in 2003 , but would never play in the NBA again .
Becoming the first player banned from the NBA for drug use , and at an early age , garners Tarpley this high of a ranking .
3. Steve Howe , Baseball
Howe was a first round pick of the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 1979 draft out of the University of Michigan .
He debuted in the majors in 1980 at the age of 22 and would proceed to win the National League Rookie of the Year award ( this award seemed cursed during the early 80’s ) .
The following year , Howe would help the Dodgers win the World Series .
Howe ’s promising career , however , would soon be wrecked by cocaine and alcohol abuse .
He would be suspended from baseball seven times in total .
The problems began to surface in 1983 when Howe checked himself into a substance abuse clinic .
A relapse resulted in Commissioner Bowie Kuhn suspending him for the 1984 season .
Howe was out of the majors again in 1986 , and Texas released him before for the 1988 season for a reported alcohol problem .
Howe did not return to the majors until 1991 , and during the 1992 season , he became the first baseball player to be banned for life because of drugs .
An arbitrator later reinstated him after the season , after which he pitched a few more years for the New York Yankees .
Howe pitched for 12 seasons in the major leagues over the course of 17 years , posting a 47 - 41 record and 91 saves in 606 innings pitched .
He appeared in 497 games , struck out 328 batters and finished with a career 3.03 ERA .
In 2006 , Howe was killed when his truck rolled over .
Toxicology reports indicated he had methamphetamine in his system , but the exact amount is unknown .
2. Diego Maradona , Soccer
Arguably the most famous non-performance enhancing drug case in sports due to soccer ’s worldwide appeal .
Despite his drug problems , Maradona is still regarded by many as the greatest soccer player of all time .
Most experts would choose either Maradona or Pelé .
Maradona played for various clubs in his career , including Boca Juniors , FC Barcelona , Sevilla , and SSC Napoli .
He also represented Argentina in a number of international games , including leading Argentina to victory in the 1986 World Cup .
He also captured the Golden Ball award as the tournament ’s best player .
Still , despite his considered success , Maradona has had several drug problems .
A long running addiction to cocaine affected his play starting in the late 1980s , eventually leading to a fifteen month suspension in 1991 for testing positive for the drug .
It also led to him changing teams .
At the 1994 World Cup , he was sent home after failing drug tests , reportedly for ephedrine .
And he would retire in 1997 at age of 37 after failing yet another drug test .
In 2000 he collapsed of heart problems , and collapsed again in 2004 before kicking his cocaine habit .
All told , Maradona was a fabulous player , but one who could have been even better without the drug issues .
His international success helps obscure some failures at the club level .
Nearly half his career was affected by drug use , and for a player that fantastic , any time he was n’t 100 % was a shame for soccer and its fans .
1. Len Bias , Basketball
During the 1985 - 1986 season , Bias was an All - American for the University of Maryland , where his all around athleticism combined with his basketball skills prompted many to compare him to Michael Jordan .
Comparisons with Jordan may have seemed optimistic , but remember that Jordan was only at the beginning of his pro career at that time .
Nevertheless , Bias had made a similar impression on the fans , writers , and coaches of the ACC , playing only a few years behind Jordan in the same conference .
After his successful collegiate career , Bias was selected by the defending NBA champion Boston Celtics .
He was the second overall pick in the 1986 draft behind North Carolina ’s Brad Daugherty ( Note that Bias won the ACC player of the year over Daugherty ) .
Tragedy would strike less than 48 hours after the draft , as Bias would die as a result of a cocaine overdose .
Bias would never play a game in the NBA , leaving many to wonder what would have been by combining his great talents with Larry Bird , Kevin McHale , and the other Celtic greats of that era .
Would Bias have been an all - time great like Jordan ?
It has never been explained but also never questioned ; gas prices displayed and sold by the tenth of a cent .
But in a small town outside of Burlington , Vermont the new owner of Gladstones Corner Market has made a change and many are calling him an innovator and some deeming him as a hero .
Rufus Davidson purchased Gladstones just as gas prices were climbing and the demand for gas was decreasing because of this .
Gas prices were the topic of almost every conversation and Davidson said he grew tired of gas prices being referred to incorrectly .
" I would always here folks talkin ' ' bout the cost of gas and the price .
For example a customer would say " I can't believe gas is $ 3.95 a gallon " when actually in was $ 3.95 and 9/10 which is basically $ 3.96 . "
This led to Davidson making the change .
His dilemma was to round the price up or down .
With the economy the way it is rounding down would lose him money .
Rounding up would make his gas prices look higher then his competitors even though it would only be one - tenth of a cent .
" I was havin ' what some may call a conundrum " said Davidson .
" My first real managerial test ... and it was a lulu ! "
He decided to round up and to his surprise many took immediate notice and many praised the change .
" I never did understood dat " said Cletus Buford , a local who was purchasing gas .
He continued , " Seemed perty darn silly if ya ask me ....... oh ya , you just did . "
Davidson 's change in price has actually increased his sales and many who these days have to be strict in their budgets are pleased .
" It 's much easier to do the math " one anonymous purchaser told us .
" I actually have more customers now then I did before " Davidson concludes , " I guess it was the right decision . "
C.P Trombley summed up what most locals are feeling .
" If I can quote the great Ted Theodore Logan , " Trombley continued , " Most unprecedented Rufus ... most unprecedented . "
" Although we are still at the drawing board stage , Gert Hof 's plan is to make it the world 's largest light installation , a structure that has never before been seen in any place of the world . "
Edwin Chen
Bloomberg
November 28 , 2008
The U.S. government should demand accountability and changes at Citigroup Inc. , as well as from automakers , in exchange for any financial assistance , a top transition official for President - elect Barack Obama said .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ It seems to me that the government ought to demand accountability , ” including on executive compensation , John Podesta said in an interview on Bloomberg Television ’s “ Political Capital with Al Hunt , ” scheduled to air today .
“ If we ’re going to have one rule , we ought to apply it to all of the financial institutions that we ’re taking a look at , ” Podesta said .
“ That ’s my personal opinion . ”
In the case of Detroit , lawmakers are demanding from auto industry executives a concrete plan on going forward while others are asking for management changes .
The government has n’t made those demands of Citigroup .
Podesta , a former chief of staff in the Clinton White House , also said Obama would complete “ virtually the whole Cabinet ” by Christmas , and the new president ’s team will reach beyond the Democratic Party .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The best answer I 've seen so far comes from Equality Utah .
Instead of throwing a hissy - fit , they are calling the LDS leadership 's bluff :
The LDS Church has articulated it is not “ anti-gay ” but rather pro-marriage and it “ does not object to rights for same - sex couples regarding hospitalization and medical care , fair housing and employment rights , or probate rights . ”
On November 5th , Elder L. Whitney Clayton stated the LDS Church does not oppose “ civil unions or domestic partnerships . ”
In response to these statements , Equality Utah is drafting legislation for the 2009 General Session of the Utah Legislature to address each of the issues mentioned by the LDS Church .
During this press conference Equality Utah will be asking the LDS Church to demonstrate its conviction on these statements as well as its willingness to secure such rights for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender Utahns .
A leading Christianist , Tony Perkins , is now saying that " civil unions " in California are fine .
Great .
So let 's ask the Family Research Council to support a full federal civil unions bill , with all the rights and responsibilities of civil marriage .
President - elect Obama would be glad to help .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Tomorrow , Sarah Palin , like all of us , will make certain decisions about what to do with her time .
She , like all of us , will decide where to put her energy and focus and attention .
She has a newfound power and ability to influence decision - making on a populist level .
And she has made decisions about how she wants to do that .
Tomorrow , Sarah Palin will fly to Georgia to use her influence on behalf of Republican Senator Saxby Chambliss .
She will appear at four campaign rallies speaking to thousands of voters on his behalf .
The run -off election between Chambliss and his Democratic challenger Jim Martin has become an epic struggle , the outcome of which may decide whether Democrats walk away from this election with a filibuster - proof 60 - seat majority in the Senate .
The holy grail of 60 seats has not only elevated the Senate race in Georgia to Olympic proportions , it has focused the magnifying glass on the laborious and exacting recount in Minnesota , and has kept Republicratic - independent Senator Joe Lieberman in his plum committee chairmanship for fear of making him mad and losing him to the dark side entirely .
It is politics .
It is a chess game .
It is , as our current President would call it , “ strategery . ”
But , as political candidates , and strategists , and voters often do , we get deep into that dark forest of strategy and we no longer look at the trees .
To many , Chambliss is a political pawn in this Senatorial chess game , who has suddenly made it to the other side of the board , and now has all the significance and power of a Queen .
To others , including Max Cleland , the man who ran against him last time , he is more than that .
Matt Zencey was kind enough to do my homework for me today .
In the Alaska Notebook , he reminds us :
Chambliss was elected to the Senate in 2002 by running one of the most reprehensible campaigns of modern times .
He was up against incumbent Democrat Sen. Max Cleland , a Vietnam War veteran who lost both legs and his right arm to a grenade during that conflict .
Chambliss avoided serving in Vietnam .
He got four student draft deferments , and when his number finally came up , he was medically disqualified with knee troubles .
In the best Karl Rove fashion , Chambliss the draft - evader attacked Cleland the war hero for being soft on terrorism .
Distorting Cleland ’s votes about workplace rules for the new Homeland Security Department employees , Chambliss portrayed him as a tool of terrorists like Osama bin Laden .
Here ’s how the Almanac of American Politics ( 2006 ) described it :
“ Chambliss ran an ad , much attacked in the press , showing pictures of Osama Bin Laden , Saddam Hussein and Max Cleland , and saying that Cleland ‘ voted against the President ’s vital homeland security efforts 11 times . ’ ”
( Those “ vital homeland security efforts ” Cleland opposed were intended to strip homeland security employees of union rights and other workplace protections . )
The man who could n’t bring himself to serve in the military said a man who left three limbs behind in war was a weakling who would turn the country over to terrorists .
I have no doubt that our Governor is proud of her son Track , who recently enlisted in the army .
She wears her blue star pin , and I ’m sure there ’s not a day that goes by that she does n’t wonder about his welfare , and worry about his safety as all mothers would worry about the welfare of the child that first made them a parent .
She thinks about the military differently than she used to , because she now has very precious “ skin in the game . ”
So , I wonder .
I wonder how it is that she , and so many others including John McCain who have a personal narrative that is touched by war and conflict , can stand next to Saxby Chambliss and see him as nothing but the shiny new Queen in the chess game .
And while America prepares to witness the most historic Presidential inauguration of our lifetime , and children of every color look at their TV screen at our new first family and think , “ Yes , I can ” maybe for the first time , we hear again from Senator Chambliss .
Here ’s what he said about the neck - and - neck race that brought about this run-off election .
“ There was a high percentage of minority vote , ” Chambliss told Alan Colmes on Fox a couple weeks ago , “ but we were n’t able to get enough of our folks out on election day . ”
“ WE were n’t able to get enough of OUR folks out on election day . ”
Who is “ we ” ?
Who are “ our folks ” ?
During the fall Senate campaign , Chambliss cautioned his followers that “ the other folks ” are voting .
The senator added that the “ rush to the polls by African - Americans ” has “ got our side energized early , they see what is happening . ”
In Chambliss ’ world it is “ our side ” vs. the African - Americans .
Our folks vs. the minority vote .
I am tired of Chambliss ’ world .
I am tired of racially divisive politics and the words that keep it alive .
It was Gandhi who said , “ Words become our deeds . ”
This country has had enough of those words , and those deeds .
And this country has had enough of those who support them .
This is not a chess game .
Work hard , get promoted , succeed in your new post , and eventually you 'll start earning the big money .
This progression seems like a firmly ingrained part of the American Dream , and it 's certainly worked for a lot of people .
However , these steps are n't absolutely necessary to fatten your bank account , as Washington Mutual CEO Alan Fishman learned last week .
When WaMu failed and was seized by government regulators , Fishman had been on the job for just 17 days .
However , he was contractually guaranteed $ 11.6 million in cash severance on top of the $ 7.5 million signing bonus he got for taking the job .
Basically , Fishman netted just under $ 20 million for 17 days of work , which is a pretty nice setup for the head of a collapsing corporation .
( In Fishman 's defense , it 's tough to blame WaMu 's failure on his leadership alone ; it seems highly unlikely that any CEO , however determined , could crash such a large thrift in just two weeks . )
Fishman 's not the only person to reap huge rewards for relatively little work .
Here are few other well - compensated employees who did n't have to put in too many years of service :
1. Michael Ovitz
After co-founding Creative Artists Agency in 1975 , Ovitz quickly skyrocketed through the ranks of entertainment agents until he established himself as one of the most powerful men in Hollywood .
In 1995 , though , he left CAA to become president of Disney .
Ovitz 's tenure at Disney was stormy ; he clashed with CEO Michael Eisner , who did n't share Ovitz 's penchant for delegation .
Ovitz also racked up a $ 6 million tab for various expenses ranging from renovating his office , buying Lakers tickets , and purchasing a BMW .
It quickly became obvious that Ovitz was n't going to be a great fit at Eisner 's Disney , so the board terminated his contract after just 16 months .
While Ovitz put in more work that Alan Fishman did at WaMu , he also received a lot more cash : a severance package of stock and cash that was worth around $ 100 million at the time .
As Disney 's stock price rose , though , so did the value of the package ; at one point Ovitz 's take might have been as much as $ 140 million for those 16 months of work .
2. Billy Dee Williams
Critics raved about Aaron Eckhart 's turn as Harvey Dent in this summer 's The Dark Knight , and most could n't help but mention that it was a marked improvement over Tommy Lee Jones ' campy portrayal of Two - Face in 1995 's Batman Forever .
However , Jones was n't the only man to portray Dent in that run of Caped Crusader films .
Billy Dee Williams had the role of Dent in Tim Burton 's 1989 film Batman .
Although the role was a fairly minor one in that film , Williams allegedly took the part with the understanding that he would reprise the character in a sequel in which Two - Face would be one of Batman 's antagonists .
To this end he had a pay - or - play clause inserted in his contract that basically assured that if the Harvey Dent / Two - Face character appeared in a future Warner Bros .
Batman film , Williams would play the role .
If the director chose to cast another actor in the part , the studio would have to cough up a buyout to Williams .
In the end , that 's exactly what happened : when Tim Burton left the series ' helm , Joel Schumacher took over and wanted to cast Jones in the part .
Williams received a cash buyout to not be in Batman Forever , a deal most of the principals in the critical disaster probably wish they 'd been offered themselves .
3. Carl Pavano
When a professional baseball player signs a new deal , he 's pretty much guaranteed to pull in the cash regardless of whether or not he plays .
If you want proof , just mention the name Carl Pavano to New York Yankees fans and watch as their faces contort in terror .
After an early stint in Montreal and three fairly strong seasons in Florida , Pavano signed a four - year contract worth $ 39.95 million with the Yankees before the 2005 season .
He then got injured .
Frequently .
The pitcher 's ill - fated tenure in the Bronx included pretty standard baseball injuries like an elbow strain and some problems with his throwing shoulder , but he also had some booboos that made Yankees fans wonder if he might be cursed , including two broken ribs in a car crash and a disabled - list trip for bruised buttocks .
In all , the Yankees shelled out that $ 39.95 million for Pavano to make 26 starts over the four - year span .
To make matters worse , on the rare occasions when Pavano was healthy he was n't very good at baseball .
His best season with the Yankees saw him compile a 4.77 ERA and allow 1.47 baserunners per inning he pitched .
Even Mike Hampton , baseball 's other pricy - but - fragile starter , has to shake his head at those numbers .
4. Edward McSweegan
While he may not be as high profile or as well - paid as the other names on this list , McSweegan may have found the sweetest deal an average guy could find .
In a coup ripped directly from one of George Costanza 's daydreams , McSweegan claimed that he did nothing for seven years while employed as a scientist at the National Institutes of Health .
In 2003 McSweegan told the Washington Post that he had n't really been given any job responsibilities since 1996 .
Prior to that , he had been a researcher and program officer on Lyme disease , but he was removed from that position in 1995 for arguing with a sufferers ' support group .
Although he had a title as director of the U.S. - Indo Vaccine Action Program and a list of nominal duties associated with that role , McSweegan claimed that he only carried out the tiniest of tasks like ordering coffee .
In exchange , he received a salary in the neighborhood of $ 100,000 .
When the NIH vehemently disputed McSweegan 's story that he simply went to work and did nothing all day , he maintained that he never received any assignments .
McSweegan would show up , sit in his office , and read to kill time .
He took up fiction writing to fill his workdays and published a pair of novels he allegedly wrote while at the office .
He told CBS in an interview that he also joined a health club near work " just to sort of break up the day . " 
The most amazing part of McSweegan 's story is n't that he managed to stay employed through this seven - year period , but that he received positive performance reviews from his superiors .
He wryly explained to CBS , " I guess I 'm good at doing nothing . " 
Ethan Trex co-writes Straight Cash , Homey , the Internet 's undisputed top source for pictures of people in Ryan Leaf jerseys .
ST . PAUL 
The vote gap between the two candidates in Minnesota ’s still - undecided Senate race  the longest , closest and costliest in state history  has narrowed since Election Day , but the hostility and vitriol surrounding the race seem to grow by the hour .
A record 2.9 million Minnesotans went to the polls on Nov. 4 .
Unofficial returns the next morning showed the incumbent Republican senator , Norm Coleman , with a 725 - vote lead over his Democratic challenger , the comedian Al Franken .
Since then , as county canvassers certified results and election errors were corrected , that lead dwindled to 206 votes , seven - thousandths of 1 percent .
Overlooked absentee ballots have favored Mr. Franken .
For example , 55 absentee ballots from Ramsey County were not added until Nov. 5 , with 33 going to Mr. Franken , county election officials said .
On Thursday , Mr. Franken ’s campaign filed a lawsuit for access to data on voters in the county whose absentee ballots were rejected .
The campaign hopes a legal victory could unlock this information statewide , a spokesman said .
Stakes are high because with three Senate races yet to be decided , Democrats still have a chance of winning the 60 seats needed to break Republican filibusters in Washington .
Obama ’s camp has promised change , and that ’s what they have delivered – at least when it comes to new campaigning methods .
Recent sightings of an Obama ad in the EA game “ Burnout Paradise ” have the media outlets tweaking out .
It ’s cool people are at least trying to make this tedious election season a little more interesting .
The fact that Obama ’s camp went through with this shows they have a little bit of an open mind .
There are also those people who see this as an opening to hit Obama with another jab to try to take him down a peg , which is n’t completely unfounded .
Some places are bringing up quotes Obama has said in the past , including , “… turn off the television set , and put the video games away , and instill a sense of excellence in our children … ”
It ’s tough to take that quote seriously when he turns around and advertises in the video games he does n’t want kids to play .
He wants kids to put down the video games , but does he have any idea how many more copies of “ Burnout Paradise ” will be played because of his face in the game and the publicity that brings ?
This is small potatoes when you compare it to other contradictions in the election season .
A qualified Palin , friendly McCain , civil Biden and humble Obama are already paradoxes that have been introduced this election .
When it comes down to it , the video game campaign is a good idea .
Of course some people will attack him , because when you ’re losing , you have to find a way to score some more points and get ahead .
I just do n’t think it ’s going to work in this instance .
And if McCain tries to look young , talk about video games and get some of this demographic , then Comedy Central will have some good material for a while .
Now Obama just has to hope that those gamers will get out of the house on election day .
I doubt they will if they ’re in an important spot in the game their playing .
Here ’s a page with a collection of links to all the stories about Obama on Xbox 360
Diese MTB - Promis geben sich bei Red Bull Radical die Ehre
Wenn am 24 .
Oktober im Steinbruch Oetelshofen das härteste MTB - Rennen der
Welt startet , sind auch …
MTB
An Icelandic minister launched an extraordinary diplomatic attack on the British Government as she issued a direct plea to MPs to help rebuild shattered relations between the two countries .
In a letter seen by The Independent , the Foreign Minister Ingibjorg Solrun Gisladottir condemned Britain 's use of anti-terror laws to freeze the assets of Iceland 's crisis - hit banks and protested that the language used by British ministers had caused " devastation " in her country .
Ms Solrun Gisladottir even accused the Government of provoking attacks on Icelanders visiting Britain by stoking hostility towards her country .
" Icelanders as a nation have been tarred with the same brush and are suffering real abuse in some cases , " she said .
Relations between London and Reykjavik have become so strained that Iceland 's Prime Minister , Geir Haarde , is threatening to sue the Government for resorting to anti-terror legislation .
Iceland 's Kaupthing Bank has instructed a law firm to investigate the seizure of its UK subsidiary , Kaupthing Singer and Friedlander ( KSF ) .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Iceland 's key interest rate was raised yesterday by a huge 6 per cent to a record 18 per cent in a bid to meet the requirements of a £ 1.28 bn rescue loan by the IMF .
When the scale of Iceland 's crisis emerged , Gordon Brown condemned the behaviour of its government as " totally unacceptable " .
Officials from both sides have sought a solution but Ms Gisladottir 's letter confirms the gulf between the countries .
Abandoning diplomatic niceties , she said : " We are doing our best to sort out the situation in talks with the UK Treasury .
But we have been shocked by the measures taken by the UK Government .
It has been very difficult for Icelanders to understand how anti-terrorist legislation can be used by a close ally and friendly neighbour .
It makes no sense to see an Icelandic company listed next to al - Qa'ida and the Taliban on the Treasury website . "
She said Mr Brown 's actions had made business between the two countries " extremely difficult " , adding : " It is my hope that we will be able to rebuild the very positive and long - standing relations between the UK and Iceland . "
The Labour MP Austin Mitchell , who chairs the all - party British - Icelandic parliamentary group , urged David Miliband , the Foreign Secretary , to resolve the impasse .
" Our government has been heavy - handed and abrupt in dealing with the Icelandic problem , " he said .
" We should have helped but we bullied and made the problem worse . "
The Icelandic government said that Britain had " set a tone that is difficult to get away from " .
The Foreign Office insisted there were still strong ties between the two Nato allies but said anti-terror laws could be invoked when Britain faced a " threat to its financial security " .
The Chancellor , Alastair Darling , ordered the seizure of Icelandic assets after he became worried by emergency loans made to the island 's banking system by Iceland and Sweden 's central banks .
On 7 October , the Financial Services Authority seized Heritable , an offshoot of the Landsbanki bank .
A day later it took control of Kaupthing , Singer and Friedlander and Landsbanki 's assets in the UK .
Mr Darling claimed the move was necessary to protect British depositors .
He told the BBC that the Icelandic government had " told me they have no intention of honouring their obligations " – but Reykjavik has strenuously disputed this claim .
Kaupthing 's case could involve a £ 2bn High Court damages claim against Mr Brown and Mr Darling for misfeasance in public office .
Richard Beresford , a partner at Grundberg Mocatta Rakison , the firm of solicitors representing Kaupthing in the UK , said the main thrust of the lender 's case was that Britain wrongly applied legislation introduced to nationalise Northern Rock to seize KSF 's assets .
He said this was only allowed under the Banking ( Special Provisions )
Act if there had been a " systemic " risk to Britain 's banking system .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Global recession : Latest developments
* A late share - buying spree sees Dow Jones close up more than 10 %
* Wall Street pins hopes on another cut in interest rates as house prices suffer largest fall for seven years
* Gordon Brown asks China and Gulf states to provide more cash for IMF
* UK retail sales decline for the seventh successive month
* Number of British homeowners suffering repossession up 70 per cent
Paper claims McCain has been making fun of Palin in private John Byrne
Published : Wednesday November 5 , 2008
Print This Email This
In a leaked message written by the British ambassador to Washington , the envoy claims that McCain has been " telling friends in recent weeks that Palin is even more trouble than a pitbull , " according to a report Wednesday .
In a telegram leaked to the Guardian , Sir Nigel Sheinwald , the British ambassador to Washington , says that McCain has privately been likening Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin to a pitbull .
" In one joke doing the rounds , the Republican presidential candidate has been asking friends : what the difference is between Sarah Palin and a pitbull ? " the paper says .
" The friendly canine eventually lets go , is the McCain punchline . "
In examining McCain 's discomfort with his now widely - panned running made , the Guardian also noted his " awkward body language between them during his concession speech in Phoenix , Arizona . "
" Sheinwald recently wrote a lengthy assessment of McCain in a telegram which winged its way across the Atlantic to Whitehall , " the paper added .
" The jaws of senior mandarins dropped when they read Sheinwald 's account of McCain 's thoughts on Palin which the ambassador reportedly picked up from a military friend of McCain's .
The telegram was restricted to an even smaller group of people than usual for fear of another embarrassing leak .
' We took one look at this and hid it away , ' one Whitehall source said . "
Whitehall is a main road in Westminster , England , used as a reference to UK government bureaucracy .
Inside Sport : Michael Schumacher Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Michael Schumacher with Des Kelly in Dubai talking about Lewis Hamilton 's chances in this season 's Formula One championship , and revealing the inside story on Ferrari 's season so far .
MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Unnamed page Editor 's Choice Fan gives Magpies boss Kinnear - full
Nov. 14 , 2008  -- Staff Sgt. Nils Aron Andersson was a newlywed of just a few hours and had completed his first counseling session when he shot himself atop a parking garage .
Staff Sgt. Patrick Henderson had made plans with his wife and stepson to go fishing the night he hanged himself in his shed .
Now their friends and family members are speaking out against the job they say led the men to kill themselves -- recruiting for the Army .
The families have said high - pressure , sometimes abusive tactics used on recruiters combined with lingering combat - related mental health problems drove the soldiers to suicide .
There have been four suicides in the Houston Recruiting Battalion alone , including three in the past 18 months .
The allegations have led one senator to call for an investigation into whether the military is covering up a " toxic " work environment .
The Army has launched an internal investigation into the Houston allegations , but spokesmen for the U.S. Army Recruiting Command and the Army itself did not respond to the specific charges raised by the friends and relatives of the recruiters who committed suicide , saying the investigation is a response in itself .
" Every soldier has a mission .
Army recruiters have a mission to do the prospecting " for new members , Army spokesman Lt. Col.
George Wright told ABCNews.com .
" For some recruiters ... it 's not the right fit and many of these sergeants are returned to the field Army . "
But some say it 's not that simple .
" They kind of want you to slam people into the Army , " Army Staff Sgt. Chris Rodriguez , a combat veteran with two tours of duty in Iraq who worked as an Army recruiter alongside Andersson , told ABCNews.com .
Rodriguez said recruiters were told to lure potential recruits with whatever promises they could -- offers of college educations , health benefits for their families , sign - on bonuses as high as $ 40,000 .
And to a teen , he said , those promises are irresistible .
" I think that 's one of the problems Aron had , " he said .
" We do n't want people who do n't want to be there . "
Recruiters , many of them combat veterans like Rodriguez and Andersson , 25 , knew the picture they painted for incoming recruits was not the reality they would experience once the signature was in place , Rodriguez said .
" I 'm sure it bothered him to no end , " Rodriguez said of his friend .
" He was pretty much just straight up with people . "
' A Dog on a Leash '
But that 's not what the Army wanted from its soldiers , Rodriguez said .
There were consequences for not meeting the command 's recruitment goal or even " rolling a goose egg " -- the term they used for not bringing in anyone .
" They will ridicule you in front of your peers , " he said .
" They try to make an example out of you . "
And , he continued , they found ways to eat into the soldier 's personal time as punishment , such as assigning them to recruit at remote places that are hours - long drives from their homes or scheduling presentations to higher - ups late at night .
Houston - area recruiters , he said , worked about 13 hours a day , sometimes more , and weekends .
And all the while the recruiters watched their friends , their fellow soldiers , start new lives , go to college , get married .
" It 's like being a dog on a leash , " Rodriguez said .
" You can see all of it happening , but you can't really interact with them . "
Andersson , less than 24 hours after marrying a girl he'd been dating for a few months -- a marriage neither of his parents knew about until after his death -- sat in his new car in a parking garage near where he used to live with an old girlfriend and shot himself .
Two days later , his new wife followed suit .
Andersson 's mother , Charlotte Porter , said the marriage was the last in a string of signs that her son was slipping .
He was n't a complainer , but Porter said she remembered her son telling her that his job " sucked . "
" He said , ' Mom , I 'm very honest , ' " Porter said .
" I said , ' I know you are , Aron . ' "
Whether or not the recruiting tactics directly led to the soldiers ' suicides may never be known , but the rigors of the recruiting practices were enough of a concern for a senator to call for action .
U.S. Sen . John Cornyn , R - Texas , sent letters in September and October to Army Secretary Pete Geren after reading about three Houston - area suicides in less than two years -- Andersson , Henderson and Staff Sgt. Larry Flores Jr. -- in a series of articles in the Houston Chronicle .
After news broke of his first letter , Cornyn said his office started getting calls from anonymous recruiters and their family members telling him about the intense , sometimes unbearable pressures placed on recruiters .
" Some have alleged that the senior leaders in the battalion , including members of the chain of command , are interfering with official investigations and also working to cover up serious problems that evidence a toxic command climate and poor unit morale , " Cornyn wrote to Geren in his second letter , dated Oct. 9 .
Cornyn went on to reference alleged improper recruiting practices , including " mass punishment " and organizing hazing sessions for recruiters who fail to meet their monthly quotas for new recruits ; confrontational " counseling sessions " for these same recruiters , at which they have been personally insulted and threatened with separation from the Army if their performance does not improve .
In a letter dated Nov. 3 , Geren wrote back to Cornyn that Brig .
Gen. Frank Turner had been appointed to conduct an internal investigation into the allegations and that an Army chaplain would provide pastoral care to the families and soldiers of the Houston Recruiting Battalion .
Geren said he has also directed the commanding general of Training and Doctrine Command to assess the soldiers ' mental health support access with the surgeon general .
And U.S. Army Recruiting Command deployed a critical response team in October that included a chaplain and a psychologist .
The visit , postponed from September after Hurricane Ike hit Texas , was originally scheduled to start six days before Henderson died .
Cornyn , elected last week to his second six - year term , told ABCNews.com that he was surprised to hear the stories about the high - pressure recruiting tactics and how families and other recruiters said the job may be driving some soldiers to suicide .
Douglas Smith , spokesman for USAREC , referred to Geren 's commitment to an investigation when asked for comment on the allegations out of the Houston Recruiting Battalion .
Smith said there are more than 8,800 recruiters across the country and 17 have committed suicide since fiscal year 2001 .
But Houston seems to be a unique case as neither Wright nor Smith had heard of similar allegations anywhere else in the country .
" I am not familiar , " Wright said , " with other recruiting battalions ' situations as it compares to Houston . "
USAREC records show that of the 17 suicides , the only other area with more than one such death was Milwaukee , with one in fiscal year 2001 and another in 2003 .
Army - wide , there have been 93 suicides this year through Aug. 31 -- so Henderson is not included in that figure -- and there were 115 suicides in 2007 .
Warning Signs
Staff Sgt. Amanda Henderson , Patrick Henderson 's wife , said the pressures of recruiting , plus a career - threatening knee injury and mental scars from his days as an infantryman in Iraq , were just too much for her husband .
He first tried to commit suicide in August , less than a month after Flores , his wife 's boss , hanged himself , leaving a wife and two children behind .
Amanda Henderson said that when her husband drove home for what would have been one last kiss goodbye , she was able to get the keys away from him and lock the door to his car where the loaded gun was stored .
Henderson , 35 , was driven six hours to the Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio after three or four days in a clinic .
Two evaluations there by civilian doctors declared him not a danger to himself or others , Amanda Henderson said , though they recommended he leave his high - stress recruiting job .
Less than a month later , he was dead -- his body found by his wife and stepson .
He had been waiting on papers to transfer back into the infantry .
" I depended on Patrick for so much .
He was my rock , " Amanda Henderson said .
" I would do anything in this world to have him back . "
The couple had been married for less than a year .
They met in 2007 in recruiting training school in South Carolina where Henderson was training for a second round of recruiting .
They had both served tours of duty in Iraq , Amanda Henderson for a year between 2004 and 2005 and Patrick Henderson for a year between 2005 and 2006 .
While she had volunteered for a recruiting position , he had received orders for the job before his time in Iraq and after .
" He had a presence about him and he was handsome , " she said .
" And when he spoke -- when he spoke everyone listened to him . "
But knee surgery for an injury sustained in Iraq led to a devastating staph infection that dragged out his recovery time for months and led to rumors that not only would he never be allowed back in the infantry , he could be let go from his recruiting job because he was n't able to work .
Amanda Henderson said he tried to go to physical therapy , but his phone would ring and ring with command wanting to know where he was and when he could come back to work .
" He had a lot of pressures going on about work , " she said .
He hated the recruiting job , she said , even though he was good at it .
In Iraq he had been a respected leader , she said , but in the recruiting office he was forced to take orders from a lower - ranking official who would criticize his methods .
Amanda Henderson said she went to bed the night of Sept. 20 after discussing plans for the next day with her husband .
She said she was mentally and physically exhausted , having spent the past month watching her husband 's every move , afraid he might try again to commit suicide .
And when she fell asleep , her husband of less than 10 months ended his life .
Achieving Their Goals
Cornyn , Rodriguez and Amanda Henderson all said the mounting pressures of finding recruits for an ongoing war are compounded by the fact that some of the Houston - area assignments are located in rural towns , leaving the soldiers little or no time to seek mental health help either on the road or on assignment .
And the recruiting commands , Rodriguez said , are typically led by men who have no combat service and do not understand how the pressure of moving from one intense situation to another can put a strain on a soldier .
The combat veteran recruiters , he said , have a name for them -- the " USAREC mafia . "
" We often talked about how we 'd rather be in Iraq than recruiting , " he said , adding that he jumped at the chance to go back to Iraq for a second tour after about 15 minutes with the Houston Recruiting Battalion .
Smith said that during the 2008 fiscal year , which ended Sept. 30 , the command 's goal for active Army recruits was 80,000 and they achieved 80,517 .
It was the third year in a row that the goals set for active Army and Army reserves were achieved .
" I fully concur with you that soldiers we assign to recruiting duties must have the full range of support services they need , " Geren wrote in his response to Cornyn .
" I share your concerns that the remote assignments of recruiters may prevent a recruiter 's full access to the Army 's mental health services . "
But Geren noted that USAREC had reported no evidence that leaders without command experience were ill - equipped to lead those who recently returned from overseas deployments .
' So Many Things to Be Changed '
Andersson 's mother said her eldest son should not have felt that he had no other choice than to end his life .
And the only way to stop it is to keeping talking about what happened to her son and the men who died before and after him .
" I really do n't want anyone to have to go through this .
I believe education will be the factor , " she said .
" The American people always step up to the plate . "
Porter said she watched her son become more and more distant and listened to his fears that if he was more vocal about getting help he'd jeopardize the career he'd worked so hard for .
" I think there 's so many things to be changed , " she said from her home in Oregon .
" It 's hard to know how to work within [ the military ] when you 're not in it . "
Cornyn said he 's disappointed the investigation ordered by Geren is internal and not independent , but he 's willing to give the military the benefit of the doubt .
He 's expecting the report after the new Congress convenes in January .
" I do n't know what to think yet , " he said .
" We 'll want to see what the product is and whether it 's credible before we ask for an outside investigation . "
But while Rodriguez is unimpressed by the impending investigation -- " We call it the mafia because nothing ever changes , " he said -- Amanda Henderson is optimistic .
Still working out of a recruiting station in Tyler , she 's applied for a transfer to finish out her three remaining years in the Army in a different post .
She said her 12 - year - old son has slept in her bed since her husband died , and both of them are still reeling from the shock .
Her husband , she said , is " going to be my hero for the rest of my life . "
Google has launched a new feature to search for all searchers with Google accounts entitled SearchWiki .
The new feature has n’t propagated to any of our accounts here at Mashable yet , so I have no hands - on experiences to report , but from the description and the Google screencast , the feature allows you to re-order search results , remove and add links to a given search result , and annotate results within your queries .
Here ’s the screencast demonstration Google provided :
As Googler Amay says in the video , all changes made to your search results are only visible to you in your own account , and your results are n’t affected by other users deletions , insertions or re-orders .
Notes made on specific search results may , however , be visible to others , which looks like it could be interesting to watch how they ’ll keep it from spiraling out of control .
It ’s worthy of re-iteration that this is n’t a test feature or a Labs or 20 % time project - this is something that will go live on all users of Google Search while logged into their Google accounts .
Inside the Minds of Teens Who Post Sexual Images of Themselves More and more teens throwing inhibition to the Internet , at their own risk .
Oct. 14 , 2008  --
Despite specific warnings from prosecutors , the 15 - year - old Ohio girl who was arrested last week and accused of sending nude pictures of herself to classmates probably doubted that she could ultimately be forced to register as a sex offender under state law , psychologists and Internet experts say .
More than likely , they suggest , she was only after a sliver of notoriety , the product of a culture where pornography has gone mainstream and fame can be had in an instant by simply distributing a sexually explicit video with a cell phone or on the Internet .
" They think they 're going to get attention -- that it makes them stars of their own reality show , " Internet privacy and piracy lawyer Parry Aftab said of the growing number of U.S. teenagers who publish sexual images of themselves online .
" They do n't understand the consequences , " said Aftab , an ABC News consultant .
" They do n't think about where that video is going to go , or how long it 's going to be on the Internet and the 50 - year - old who is going to be drooling over it . "
If convicted , the girl , whose identity has not been released , could face a sentence of anywhere from probation to several years in a juvenile detention center .
The high school student in Newark , Ohio , denies the charges ; authorities are also considering charges for the students who received her photos , which are considered child pornography under law .
There are other examples .
Earlier this year , an Ohio boy reportedly made a sexual cell phone video of himself and sent it to female classmates , one of whom then forwarded the video to at least 30 other people .
Similar incidents have been reported in Wyoming , New York and Pennsylvania .
" They do n't understand the global nature and extent of the Internet , and how easy it is once you posted something , even if you think it 's private , could become public very quickly , " said John Grohol , a psychologist and publisher of PsychCentral.com .
Such incidents are a symptom of a culture where sexual imagery like the infamous photo of Britney Spears ' exposed crotch or Vanity Fair 's seminude photos of 15 - year - old " Hannah Montana " star Miley Cyrus have become the norm , said Jean Kilbourne , author of " So Sexy , So Soon : The New Sexualized Childhood and What Parents Can Do to Protect Their Kids . "
" This is primarily because of the Internet porn that has become incredibly available to everybody , including very young children , " she said .
" Today , an 8 - year - old can stumble onto a site in which two or three men are doing everything imaginable to one woman . "
" Everybody feels that the most important thing is to get your 15 minutes of fame and to go to any lengths to achieve it .
So sending pictures around like that is a way of getting a whole lot of attention and recognition even though it 's going to be devastating and short - lived . "
There 's no doubting their interest .
A study released last year by the University of Alberta found as many as 90 percent of boys and 70 percent of girls between the ages of 13 and 14 have accessed sexually explicit material at least once .
A prime example of the mainstreaming of pornography , said Kilbourne , is the widespread popularity of thong underwear , a garment that originated in the world of strippers and porn and made its way into major apparel retail shops across America .
Add that to a world where many young people long to become overnight Internet sensations and incidents like the one in Ohio are inevitable , said Carmine Sarracino , co-author of " The Porning of America . "
" It 's simply an emulation .
The more important point is that they get porn whether or not they go looking for it because the whole culture is shaped by porn .
They get porn through the mainstream culture , " Sarracino said , citing Abercrombie & Fitch ads with half - naked men and women , as well as a Carl 's Jr. hamburger commercial , where Paris Hilton appeared to mimic oral sex with a burger .
" It 's a symptom of a much larger phenomenon that 's happening . "
Klan Leader , Former Member Ordered to Pay $ 2.5 M in Attack
The lawsuit is part of a strategy to bankrupt hate groups around the country .
Nov. 17 , 2008  --
More than two years after he was surrounded by skinheads , called racial slurs and kicked with steel - toed boots , Jordan Gruver says he still lives in fear .
Gruver , now 19 , was attacked at a Kentucky county fair in 2006 by members of the Imperial Klans of America , believed to be the second largest Ku Klux Klan faction in the United States .
They called him a " spic " and " illegal immigrant , " broke his jaw and left him too afraid to leave his house .
A jury awarded Gruver $ 2.5 million Friday from Imperial Wizard Ron Edwards , the leader of the Imperial Klans of America , and former Klansman Jarred Hensley , holding them responsible for the attacks .
" I did n't smile , I did n't jump up and down after hearing the verdict .
I cried .
I plain out bawled my eyes out .
I do n't know why , " Gruver told ABC News .
" I have no more joy in my life . "
Watch the full story tonight on Nightline at 11:35 E.T .
Though Edwards said during an interview with ABC News that he does not condone violence and " regrets " the attack on Gruver , the Southern Poverty Law Center and others who monitor hate groups say the Klan has in the last few years boosted its membership by recruiting violent skinheads and neo -Nazis , trading in the noose for pipe bombs , white robes for army fatigues .
The Klan has associated with men like Hensley , who the center fears may be the new face of a more vicious Klan .
Hensley , who split from the Imperial Klans , appeared to have few qualms about using violence .
" If something goes against you , then violence usually takes care of it .
You have to do violence .
Violence has been in America since the beginning of time , " Hensley , who pleaded guilty to attacking Gruver , told ABC News .
Hensley said that the Klan was " trying to be invisible these days and I 'm completely against being so called invisible .
I think you should be outlandish with your belief systems .
You should let the world know that you are what America calls so called racist that you want the best for your people . "
He denied that he beat up Gruver , but said he did not feel bad for him .
" We have all these nonwhites that come to our country and leach off what we built and created and they take it and try to use it for their own benefits , " he said .
The center , which represented Gruver , says hate crimes are on the rise , driven primarily by bias against Hispanics .
Though Gruver is of Panamanian Indian descent , the center said his attackers believed he was Hispanic .
Police also say they have seen a surge in race - related incidents since Barack Obama was elected .
Halting Money to Hate Groups
Gruver 's case was the latest in a series of lawsuits brought by lawyers at the center that has sought to bankrupt hate groups around the country .
The center argued that Edwards should be held responsible for Gruver 's beating , though he did n't take part in it or order it .
Edwards should be held responsible because he created an atmosphere that encouraged hate and racially motivated violence and because he knew his members were prone to violence , the center claims .
" He should expect that they 're going to commit acts of violence against the very people he 's demeaned and told that they are worth less than humans , " said Morris Dees , co-founder of the center .
" If you stop the money , you 'll cut the organization off , " he said .
The center says the lawsuit may cripple the Imperial Klans of America and may force Edwards to hand over the group 's 15 - acre compound in Dawson Springs , Ky. Edwards says the group operates in 28 states and 14 countries and has 10,000 people on its e-mail list .
Edwards , however , was unrepentant and said he would do everything he could to continue to promote his views .
It is unclear whether he will be forced to hand over the compound -- he claims that he has no assets , that his son owns the compound and that he may start a new Klan sect under a new name .
" No matter what , I 'm not going nowhere .
I 'll be doing the same thing today as I 'm going to do tomorrow , " he said .
The verdict brought a dramatic conclusion to the confrontation between Gruver and his attackers , and between Edwards and the center .
Edwards and Hensley represented themselves and cross-examined Gruver .
Several self - proclaimed skinheads and neo -Nazis watched from the audience .
A former Klansman testified that Edwards plotted in 1999 to kill the center 's Dees , who was suing the Aryan Nation at the time .
The FBI disrupted the plot and Edwards was never charged .
He denied plotting to kill Dees .
Gruver , who was 16 at the time of the July 2006 attack , said he was in line at a concession stand at the Meade County Fair when he ran into a group of four skinheads , including Andrew Watkins and Hensley , who the center says were recruiting for Edwards ' group .
Gruver said Hensley and Watkins threw whiskey in his face .
When he turned to run , Gruver said Hensley hit him in the jaw , knocking him down .
He was kicked him with steel - toed boots as he lay curled in the fetal position .
" I feel like there 's a thousand people hitting me .
They kicked me so many times , and so fast , that I could say I saw eight people there .
I saw eight pairs of feet .
That 's how I see it , " Gruver said .
" All I could do was curl up like a baby . "
When he was arrested , according to testimony at trial , Hensley told police , " " He's a spic , he 's illegal , why are you arresting me ? "
Hensley denied making the statement and denied attacking Gruver .
Gruver , who was born in the United States , said the attack left him physically and emotionally shattered .
He suffered a broken jaw and broken ribs .
He said he has frequent nightmares and has often been too afraid to leave his house .
A year after the attack , he slit his wrists in a suicide attempt , his mother said .
" I was alive , then I died , but I survived , " he said .
Racial Violence
Watkins and Hensley were sentenced to three years in prison for the attack .
Watkins and Joshua Cowles , a former Klan " exalted Cyclops " who allegedly participated in the attack , agreed to confidential settlements with Gruver .
At trial , Edwards argued that he did not know that the men who beat Gruver were at the fair and that they were not on an official recruiting trip .
The Imperial Klans ' official rules say members should not do anything illegal while recruiting , though the center says the rule is merely a way to insulate Edwards from legal liability .
Edwards said he is being persecuted for his " racialist " beliefs .
" I believe basically [ Dees is ] trying to take away my freedom of speech and under the Bill of Rights and our Constitution , " Edwards said .
" I have the right to my views as long as I do n't hurt nobody and I have n't . "
The center says Edwards and the Imperial Klans promoted racial violence , encouraging members to beat and kill gays and racial and ethnic minorities , and negligently supervised his followers .
The center says the group refers to blacks as " mud people " and the " beasts of the fields . "
Edwards ' compound also hosts Nordic Fest , a white supremacist festival , which Cowles , Watkins and Hensley allegedly attended , according to the center .
The center says members at the festival were told to kill Latinos and send their bodies " back to Mexico in boxes . "
" This man is violent and he gets people around him who see him as a little God and they want to get next to him , " said Dees .
" Their lives are meaningless , most of them have served time in prison , they 've got no families , no children that they 're worried about , they 're just mean - spirited human beings that are losers in life and they see Ron Edwards as a God and they want to please him . "
Even if the lawsuit ends Edwards ' group , Hensely said he has no plans to go anywhere .
" This ain't the last you 'll see of me at all whatsoever and I guarantee that me , you 'll see me all across the news and everything , " he said .
Brand New Semen Tanks from $ 224.25
Inventory Reduction Sale !
All tanks 25 % OFF .
100 % Unconditional Money Back Guarantee .
If for any reason you are not happy with this tank just return within 7 days in original packaging for your money back .ï¿
½ You just pay return postage .
All tanks include a padded insulated cover to protect the tank and reduce liquid nitrogen loss !
All tanks include a liquid nitrogen level measuring gauge .
And a 2 - year vacuum guarantee .
Pick out the size tank that fits your needs CLICK HERE .
Call ( 800 ) 385-3917 or email if you have any questions .
You can breed your cows to the best bulls in the world !
Artificial insemination ( A.I. ) using frozen beef semen offers cattle producers an opportunity to breed their cows to bulls possessing far superior genetics than are available locally and do it at an affordable price .
With A.I. you have an economically feasible means of increasing productivity over a wide range of traits to rapidly improve your cattle .
Using the top genetics available with frozen beef semen will allow you to select for traits to improve calving ease , weaning weight , yearling weight , maternal ability and carcass quality with a high degree of accuracy .
And beef semen and frozen embryos stored in liquid nitrogen in one of our CT Cryogenics liquid nitrogen semen tanks will last for years .
SemenTank.com is owned by CT Cryogenics Incorporated .
Not Certified for Human Biologicals
For Shipment to Canada call ( 800 ) 385-3917
Large Semen Tanks | Small Semen Tanks
Click Here for Information
Not for Human Biologicals .
Do not ship product in any of these tanks except CT3D Shipper tank .
Liquid Nitrogen Container Safety Instructions
Search Wikipedia about this apppowered by
View Transcript
Transcript
After Budget cuts
The boss :
It might seem bleak now , but things will turn around ...
As soon as the public starts loving poorly made products that are relevant to a bygone era .
In the meantime , who has organs that are still healthy enough to sell on the black market ?
by Allen Farmelo
With news of Neil Young pushing to get studio quality audio out to the consumer , it occurred to me that it would be good to get some perspective on how we go about comparing audio quality .
One of the most problematic issues surrounding audio ...
David Popescu is running in the 2008 elections as an independent candidate as part of Canada 's federal election .
Popescu is well known for his radical christian point of view , and his strong opposition to homosexuality , abortion , and stem cell research .
In addressing high school students in Sudbury , Ontario Mr. Popescu has made some of the most radical comments ever suggesting gays deserve the death penalty
" A young man asked me what I think of homosexual marriages and I said I think homosexuals should be executed , " he said .
" My whole reason for running is the Bible and the Bible could n't be more clear on that point . " ( Toronto Sun )
" I said I believe homosexuals should be executed . . . when I say homosexuals should be executed , I am speaking in terms of government actions .
That is the way the Bible puts it . "
Police have begun an investigation and are alleging that this is a possible hate crime .
Mr. Popescu responded to the assertion that he will be under investigation by reiterating his point of view .
I think it wo n't come as a surprise that gays and lesbians are not endorsing this candidate for office .
Not quite the maverick any more , is he .
From Huff
Post we find that McCain is peddling another smear against Obama – and big surprise , this one ’s a lie too ( interestingly , this comes just one day after McCain criticized Obama for suggesting that he and the Republicans like to peddle anti-Obama smears – did you get that , they criticized Obama for criticizing THEIR smears , classic ) .
McCain is an old hand at smears .
He used to be against them , now he ’s for them .
Like when he keeps suggesting that Obama is unpatriotic and care about the troops – McCain seems to think an awful lot of himself when it comes to patriotism and love of country .
It ’s almost as if John McCain thinks he ’s the only one who loves America , or he thinks he loves her way more than any one else does .
I ’m not sure Americans are looking to hire someone who thinks so highly of themselves that they run around judging everyone else ’s patriotism all the time .
It ’s one thing to be a hero , and quite another to think yourself the hero .
A long streak of speculative lending got out of hand as banks and even staid industrial companies made a stream of risky loans .
Consumer spending on cars and clothes was slipping , but no one was paying attention .
The stock market grew shaky in September , and then in October , the bottom fell out .
Suddenly , everyone seemed to want to sell .
But there were few buyers , and over six bleak trading days , the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost a third of its value .
It was a panic , said a senior New York Stock Exchange official , " where ...
Political , cultural and legal observations with a big steaming cup of WTF ?
John Cochrane on Why the Bailout Plan Would Be a Disaster
My colleague John Cochrane has written an insightful piece on the bailout .
In short , he believes that the Treasury plan needs to be shot , have a stake driven through its heart , and be buried .
His arguments , posted on his website , are reprinted below :
The Monster Returns
By John H. Cochrane
A Guest Post
Like a monster from an old horror movie , the Treasury plan keeps coming back from the dead .
Yes , we are in a financial crisis that needs urgent , determined , and clear - eyed help from the government .
But this plan is fundamentally flawed .
It wo n’t even work if we leave aside its horrendous cost and long - lasting damage to the financial system .
The additions and sweeteners in the Senate version , and those on the table in the house , make it even less likely to work .
A workable plan has to be based on fundamentally different principles : recapitalizing banks that are in trouble , including allowing orderly failures , and providing liquidity to short - term credit markets .
These are not new and untested ideas ; these are the tools that governments have used for 100 years to get through financial turmoil .
However , they have to be used in forceful and decisive ways that will step on a lot of powerful toes .
The Problem
The heart of the problem now , as best as anyone I know can understand it ( we are all remarkably long on stories and remarkably short on numbers ) , is that many banks hold a lot of mortgages and mortgage - backed securities whose values have fallen below the value of money the banks have borrowed .
The banks are , by that measure , insolvent .
Credit market problems are a symptom of this underlying problem .
Nobody really knows which banks are in trouble and how badly , nor when these troubles will lead to a sudden failure .
Obviously , they do n’t want to lend more money .
A credit crunch is the danger for the economy from this situation .
Banks need capital to operate .
In order to borrow another dollar and make a new loan , a bank needs an extra , say , 10 cents of its own money ( capital ) — so that if the loan declines in value by 10 cents , the bank can still pay back the dollar it borrowed .
If a bank does n’t have enough capital — because declines in asset values wiped out the 10 cents from the last loan — it ca n’t make new loans , even to credit - worthy customers .
If all banks are in this position ( a much less likely event ) , we have a credit crunch .
People want to save and earn interest ; other people want to borrow to finance houses and businesses ; but the banking system is not able to do its match - maker job .
Solving the Problem
O.K. , if this is the problem , then banks need more capital .
Then the people , computers , buildings , knowledge , and so forth that represent the real businesses can borrow money again and start lending it out .
The core of any plan must be to recapitalize the banking system .
How ?
Issue stock — either in offerings , in big chunks as Goldman Sachs famously did with Warren Buffett last week , or by merging or selling the whole company .
There are trillions of dollars of investment capital floating around the world , happy to buy banks so long as the price is good enough .
Banks do n’t want to issue stock because it seems to dilute current stockholders , and it might “ send bad signals . ”
Lots of sensible proposals amount to twisting their arms to do so .
In many previous “ bailouts , ” the government added small ( relative to $ 700 billion ! ) sweeteners to get deals like this to work .
Let banks fail , but in an orderly fashion .
When a bank “ fails , ” it does not leave a huge crater in the ground .
The people , knowledge , computers , buildings , and so forth are sold to new owners — who provide new capital — and business goes on as usual ; a new sign goes in the window , new capital comes in the back door , and new loans go out the front door .
Current shareholders are wiped out , and some of the senior debt holders do n’t get all their money back .
They complain loudly to Congress and the administration — nobody likes losing money — but their losses do not imperil the financial system .
They earned great returns on the way up in return for bearing this risk ; now they get to bear the risk .
We saw this process in action last week .
On Monday , we heard many predictions that the financial system would implode in a matter of days .
At the end of the week , JPMorgan took over Washington Mutual .
Depositors and loan customers did n’t even notice .
As someone who argued publicly against the Treasury plan on Monday , I felt vindicated .
This process does need government intervention ; “ in an orderly fashion ” is an important qualifier .
Our bankruptcy system is not well set up to handle complex financial institutions with lots of short - term debt and with complex derivative and swap transactions overhanging .
Until that gets fixed , we have to muddle through .
An important long - run project will be to redesign bankruptcy ; delineate which classes of creditors get protected ( depositors , brokerage customers , some kinds of short - term creditors ) and how much regulation that protection implies ; and design a system in which shareholders and debt holders can lose the money they put at risk without creating systemic risk .
But not now .
What is simple to describe economically — wipe out shareholders , write down debt , marry the operations to new capital — is not straightforward legally and institutionally .
If we just throw everyone into bankruptcy court , the lawyers will fight it out for years and the operations really will grind to a halt .
In the heat of the crisis , we need the same kind of greasing of wheels and twisting of arms that went into the last few bank failures .
Fancy ideas .
The main point of any successful plan is to marry new capital with bank operations .
There are lots of creative ways to do this , including forced debt - equity swaps and various government purchases of equity .
( My colleagues at the University of Chicago are particularly good at coming up with clever schemes . )
The second part of the solution is to maintain liquidity of short - term credit markets .
The Fed is very good at this .
Its whole purpose is to be “ lender of last resort . ”
We are told that “ banks wo n’t borrow and lend to each other . ”
But banks can borrow from the Fed .
The Fed is practically begging them to do so .
Even if interbank lending comes to a halt , there need not be a credit crunch .
If banks are not making new loans , it is because they either do not have capital , or they do n’t want to ; not because they can’t borrow overnight from other banks .
( And the “ other banks ” are still there with excess deposits . )
If the Fed is worried about commercial paper rates , it can support those .
The one good part of the current proposals is a temporary extension of federal deposit insurance .
The last thing we need is panicky individuals rushing needlessly to ATM machines .
By analogy , we are in a sort of “ run ” of short - term debt away from banks .
We have learned in this crisis that the whole financial system is relying to an incredible extent on borrowing new money each day to pay off old money , which leads quickly to chaos if investors do n’t want to roll over .
It does n’t make sense to threaten that overnight debt winds up in bankruptcy court , which is at the heart of the need for government to smooth failures .
In the short run , guaranteeing new short - term credit to banks as a sort of deposit insurance could stop this “ run . ”
If we do that , of course , we will have to limit how much banks and other financial institutions can borrow at such short horizons in the future .
Banks vs. the Banking System
Banks can fail without imperiling the crucial ability of the banking system to make new loans .
If a bank fails , wiping out its shareholders , and its operations are quickly married to the capital of new owners , the banking system is fine .
Even if one bank shuts down — so long as there are other competing banks around who can make loans — the banking system is fine .
I think many observers , and quite a few policy makers , do not recognize the robustness that our deregulated competitive banking system conveys .
If one bank failed in the 1930 ’s , a big out - of - state bank could not come in and take it over .
Hedge funds , private equity funds , foreign banks , and sovereign wealth funds did n’t even exist — and if they did , there ’s no way they would have been allowed to own a bank or even substantial amounts of bank stock .
If a bank failed in the 1930 ’s , a competitive bank could not move in and quickly offer loans or deposit and other retail services to the first bank ’s customers .
JPMorgan could not have taken over WaMu .
But all those competitive mechanisms are in place now — at least until a new round of regulation wipes them out .
This is , I think , the reason why we ’ve had nine months of historic financial chaos , and only now are we starting to see real systemic problems .
There is a temptation for regulators and government officials to hear stories of woe from failing banks , their creditors , and their shareholders , and mistakenly believe that these particular people and institutions need to be propped up .
The Treasury Plan
The Treasury plan is a nuclear option .
The only way it can work to solve the central problem , recapitalizing banks , is if the Treasury buys so many mortgages that we raise mortgage values to the point that banks are obviously solvent again .
To work , this plan has to raise the market value of all mortgage - backed securities .
We do n’t just help bad banks ; we bail out good banks ( really their shareholders and debt holders ) , hedge funds , sovereign wealth funds , university and charitable endowments – everyone who made money on mortgage - backed instruments in good times and signed up for the risk in bad times .
This is the mother of all bailouts .
There is a storm out on the lake , and some of the boats are in trouble .
Commodore Bernanke has been helping to bail water from some boats until they can patch themselves up , encouraging other sound boats to help , and transferring passengers on sinking boats to others .
But it ’s getting tough and the storm is still raging .
Someone had a great idea : let ’s blow up the dam and drain the lake !
O.K. , it might stop the boats from sinking , but there wo n’t be a lake left when we ’re done .
That ’s the essence of the Treasury plan .
Short of that , it will not work .
Suppose a bank is carrying its mortgages at 80 cents on the dollar , but the market value is 40 cents .
If the Treasury buys at 40 cents or even 60 cents on the dollar , the bank is in worse trouble than before , since the bank has to recognize the market value .
Unless the Treasury pushes prices all the way past 80 cents on the dollar up to 90 cents or even 100 cents , we have n’t done any good at all ; and $ 700 billion is a drop in the bucket compared what that would take .
There is a lot of talk about “ illiquid markets , ” “ price discovery , ” and the “ hold to maturity price . ”
The hope is that by making rather small purchases , the Treasury will be able to raise market prices a lot .
This is a vain hope — at least it is completely untested in any historical experience .
Never in all of financial history has anyone been able to make a small amount of purchases , establish a “ liquid market , ” and substantially raise the overall market price .
Since the Treasury will not be able to raise overall market prices , it will end up buying from banks that are in trouble , at prices fantastically above market value .
This is transparently the same as simply giving the banks free money .
Make sure the taxpayers get a thank - you card .
There is other talk ( reflected in the Senate bill ) of abandoning mark - to - market accounting — i.e. , to pretend assets are worth more than they really are .
This will not fool lenders who are worried about the true value of the assets .
If anything , they will be less likely to lend .
Conversely , if prices are truly artificially low , then potential lenders to banks will know this and will lend anyway .
We might as well just ban all accounting if we do n’t like the news accountants bring .
No , we need more transparency , not less .
Many of the changes in new versions of the bill make matters worse , at least for the central task of stabilizing financial markets .
The Senate adds language to protect homeowners : “ help families to keep their homes and to stabilize communities . ”
That ’s natural ; a political system cannot hope to bail out shareholders to the tune of $ 700 billion dollars without bailing out mortgage holders on the other end .
But it makes the bank - stabilization problem much worse .
Mortgages are worth a lot less if people do n’t have to pay them back .
This will directly lower the market value of the mortgages that we ’re trying to raise .
Yes , we need to do something .
But “ doing something ” that will not work — with potentially dire consequences — is not the right course , especially when sensible and well - understood options remain .
HONEY bees can be trained to count up to four , Queensland researchers have found .
They say their research has shown that bees , which live for a month , can learn colours and smells and be trained to fly through complicated mazes .
One experiment showed the bees can be trained to differentiate between up to four separate landmarks before becoming confused .
" Beyond four they searched equally at all the landmarks , as if they could n't tell which one it was , " Professor Mandyam Srinivasan , of the University of Queensland 's Brain Research Institute , said yesterday .
Previous analogous studies had shown bees could store details of three separate locations of pollen - laden flowers in a " diary " .
" However , we were looking purely at sequential counting , whereas they were looking more at how many different items a bee could remember , " he said .
The research probed the capacity of a creature with a tiny brain , Professor Srinivasan said .
The bee brain is about the size of a sesame seed , but research has shown it has many of the traits of the human brain , including complex behaviour such as advanced memory and learning .
AAP
I 'll bet that there 's GPS - less lingerie that costs around the same price .
That said , if you really want to geek it up , you have to go with an old school geek reference , like , the beeping locator from Aliens .
Boop ............. boop ........... boop.. boop ( ok getting hornier now ! ) boop.boop.boop.boop ( oooooh mama ) boopboopboopboopboopbopbopbopb ...
New York Sen. Hillary Clinton is back in Minnesota today with the goal of adding Al Franken as a colleague and nudging the Democrats toward that magic total of 60 seats in the Senate .
Clinton , the former First Lady who pushed to the very end in her campaign for the Democratic nomination for president , is scheduled to appear on Franken 's behalf at the University of Minnesota , Duluth .
The rally to get out the vote for Franken and Barack Obama , her party 's choice for president , is scheduled for 4 p.m. at the Romano Gym .
The doors open at 3:45 p.m. , and no tickets are required .
A Franken victory over GOP incumbent Norm Coleman is seen as vital to the Democrats ' drive to control 60 seats in the Senate , a total that would give the party a better chance of thwarting filibusters .
Two weeks ago , Clinton was in Minneapolis for Franken and in Hibbing for Obama .
On the Republican side today , former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani will campaign for Norm Coleman at a 4 p.m. rally at O'Gara 's Bar and Grill in St. Paul .
Giuliani was in Minnesota Oct. 23 , when he appeared in Bloomington for Coleman .
Paul Walsh  612-673-4482
Barack Obama spoke in Toledo , Ohio on Monday about his economic plan , promising five million new , high wage jobs in renewable energy .
[ social_buttons ]
Everyone seems to be in agreement these days that green jobs are part of the key to solving the current financial crisis .
Barack Obama outlined his ideas for how to accomplish this in yesterday ’s speech .
Here are some excerpts :
“ We ’ll create 5 million new , high - wage jobs by investing in the renewable sources of energy that will eliminate the oil we currently import from the Middle East in 10 years , and we ’ll create 2 million jobs by rebuilding our crumbling roads , schools , and bridges . ”
“ It is time to protect the jobs we have and to create the jobs of tomorrow by unlocking the drive , and ingenuity , and innovation of the American people .
And we should fast - track the loan guarantees we passed for our auto industry and provide more as needed so that they can build the energy - efficient cars America needs to end our dependence on foreign oil . ”
“ I wo n’t pretend this will be easy or come without cost .
We ’ll have to set priorities as never before , and stick to them .
That means pursuing investments in areas such as energy , education , and healthcare that bear directly on our economic future , while deferring other things we can afford to do without . ”
John McCain is also interested in creating “ green jobs ” to help boost the economy .
How ’s his plan different ?
McCain ’s talking about the nuclear sector , while Obama ’s talking about the research and development of clean fuels and cars .
Read the transcript from Obama ’s economic speech here .
Source : nytimes
Photo : Wikimedia Commons
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Members of the Women 's Institute are to keep watch for sex ads in local papers that could involve trafficked women , in a crackdown that could involve the " naming and shaming " of publishers .
The minister for women , Harriet Harman , today addressed WI members at a conference in London and called on them to look out for suspicious sex ads .
" Look at the adverts in your local newspaper .
They advertise women for sale for sex , " Harman told the National Federation of Women 's Institutes conference .
" Many are young women from eastern Europe , from Africa or south east Asia , tricked and trafficked into this country and forced into prostitution . "
Harman pointed to suspicious ads that might carry wording such as " Angel 's Massage - different girls daily .
Seven days " and " Young Asian girl new to Cambridge 10 am - 10 pm seven days " .
Harman will say that when WI members see such ads they could " think about writing to the editor and complaining " .
Isla Arundell , a campaigner for the WI , said in an interview on BBC Radio 4's Today programme this morning that the organisation was aiming to collate members ' findings for use in the new year .
" We want members to be aware of the wording on the adverts .
Things like ' new girls ' , ' exotic girls ' , ' Romanian girls ' , ' Polish girls ' , ' new girls every week ' , that type of thing .
The sort of things that are going to set alarm bells ringing , " Arundell added .
She said that members can send letter to newspaper editors directly " if they wish " .
However , the WI , which has more than 200,000 members in the UK , preferred information to be sent to its headquarters so it could be collated .
Arundell said the WI was not sure what it would do with the information , but added that " naming and shaming " of offending newspapers was a possibility .
" What we want to do is raise awareness to spread the message of what is happening with these girls .
We are going to wait and see what we have [ in terms of findings ] - we may well name the newspapers , " she said .
A number of regional newspaper groups have dropped all sex ads , including MEN Media , part of the Guardian Media Group , which publishes MediaGuardian.co.uk , Newsquest and Johnston Press .
The regional newspaper trade body , the Newspaper Society , has issued guidance to beware of ads that imply the exploitation of women .
· To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 7239 9857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 7278 2332 .
· If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
On September 30th , six years after Congress originally passed the law , the United States will implement a country of origin labeling program for supermarket foods .
But due to industry pressure , some of the most important and potentially dangerous products are exempt from being labeled .
Only 1.3 % of imported food is inspected by the FDA , and of that small fraction , many hazardous items are confiscated .
The average American consumes an estimated 260 pounds of imported food every year , which is roughly 13 % of their diet .
Food safety will always be a concern .
Arming consumers with the knowledge of where their food comes from will not only help with everyday shopping , but also help in the case of a recall of a food from a specific region ( like jalapeños from Mexico ) .
While the new law has some benefits , many recent examples of food contamination and safety concerns show that it wo n’t do enough .[ social_buttons ]
1 . The law does not apply to pet food .
In 2007 , contaminated gluten and rice protein from China was used to make pet food , resulting in the death of thousands of dogs and cats across America .
The food was also used to feed pigs , chickens , and farmed fish which entered the human food supply , but no illnesses were reported .
The same pet food would be exempt from the new labeling because only the ingredients were imported , not the final product .
Mixtures do not apply under the law — not even fruit salad .
2 . The law does not apply to dried foods or processed foods of any kind .
Any processed food can avoid the label if it was shipped from a foreign country and then packaged in the United States .
China was caught exporting dried apples preserved in a cancer - causing substance in 2007 and non-eviscerated dried fish in 2008 , Indian imports of dried spices have been confiscated for salmonella contamination , and dried chili and other items from Mexico have been rejected as “ filthy . ”
3 . The law does not apply to drugs .
The FDA has dismissed requests to label pharmaceutical drugs with their country of origin , even after 19 people died from a tainted batch of the blood - thinning drug heparin from China .
4 . The law does not apply to everyone .
Only stores which purchased over $ 230,000 of fresh produce in the previous year will be required to label their red-meat , poultry , produce , and fish .
This exempts butcher shops and fish markets from the law if they do not have a produce section .
5 . The law does not always mandate accuracy .
If a meat packer orders beef from five different countries within the same time period , the business is not required to keep track of which meat came from which country .
A label could read : “ Product of the United States , Mexico , Australia , Canada , or China . ”
To its credit , the launch of the Country of Origin Label in the United States does improve the labeling of raw red meat and poultry , enabling consumers to make safer choices on these products .
Other than that , this program can only serve as a reminder that globalization should n’t be a welcome guest at your dinner table ; instead , try to eat locally - sourced foods , which not only tend to be safer , but are better for the environment .
Photo Credit : Afiler on Flickr under Creative Commons license .
Other Posts Related to Local Foods :
SAN FRANCISCO , Nov. 15 , 2008  --
Nearly two weeks after California voters narrowly passed Proposition 8 , an amendment to the state constitution that effectively bans same - sex marriage , the backlash continues to build beyond the state 's borders .
Today was dubbed a national day of protest .
Organizers used Internet sites such as Facebook to draw huge crowds from New York to Los Angeles , and hundreds of cities in between .
Shouts of " yes we can , " echoing one of the slogans of President - elect Obama 's campaign , and signs reading " No on H8 " peppered the protests .
Advocates are trying to turn the vote on Proposition 8 into a countrywide referendum on gay rights , calling it " the new frontier in the civil rights movement . "
One of the largest rallies was on the steps of San Francisco City Hall , considered ground zero in the battle for same sex marriage .
Lesbian activist Carole Migden whipped the crowd up as she declared , " They hate us .
Let 's just acknowledge it . "
Then she pushed the crowd " to turn our rage into action . "
The protests lining the streets were quite a contrast to the joyful celebrations of same - sex weddings that populated city halls throughout California all summer long .
Those ceremonies were filled with a sense of hope and acceptance .
Now that has given way to anger , defiance , and a war of words .
The Mormon church has become one of the key targets of protestors after it was revealed that their members contributed hundreds of millions of dollars to defeat gay marriage .
Picketers today surrounded Mormon temples in Salt Lake City and Los Angeles .
Envelopes with an unidentified white power was discovered at both temples .
Authorities examined the substance and found it not be be toxic .
Donors to Prop 8 have been listed on Web sites and some claim they 've been forced to resign from their jobs .
A Sacramento musical theater director says he was blacklisted for contributing $ 1,000 to the initiative .
The leadership of the Protect Marriage.com coalition defended themselves against what they call " vicious attacks . "
" For 14 months , we have been called bigots and hatemongers and we have not retaliated against the unprecendented attacks , " Pastor Jim Garlow said .
" But we will not be silenced . "
Neither will the other side , it seems .
" I think the Morrmon church 's invovlement in Prop 8 has probably been one of the most distrubing experiences of my life , " said Clark Pingree , a gay man who grew up as a Mormon and went to Brigham Young University .
Pingree criticized " a church getting involved in politics to the extent where 77 percent of the funds sponsoring the ' yes on anti-gay campaign ' are coming from members of the Mormon church . "
" Was this really the will of the people or was this election overrun by people from out of state by out - of - state money ? " he asked .
Waving a sign that read " Mormons love gays , " Pingree spoke today at the rally here , telling the crowd , " I now must be loyal to myself . "
Supporters of same - sex marriage have filed a lawsuit with the California Supreme court , which already threw out one ballot initiative banning same - sex marriage .
" If Prop 8 is allowed to stand , it goes much beyond the issue of marriage equality and puts all of our rights at risk , " said San Francisco city attorney Dennis Herrera , who is leading the legal fight .
At the demonstrations across the country today , members of the grassroots movement that organized the national day of protest today vowed they will not stop until everyone can marry , regardless of their sexuality .
The best efforts of the scientific community to prove the health benefits of vitamins keep falling short .
This week , researchers reported the disappointing results from a large clinical trial of almost 15,000 male doctors taking vitamins E and C for a decade .
The study showed no meaningful effect on cancer rates .
Another recent study found no benefit of vitamins E and C for heart disease .
In October , a major trial studying whether vitamin E and selenium could lower a man ’s risk for prostate cancer ended amidst worries that the treatments may do more harm than good .
And recently , doctors at Memorial Sloan - Kettering Cancer Center in New York warned that vitamin C seems to protect not just healthy cells but cancer cells , too .
Everyone needs vitamins , which are critical for the body .
But for most people , the micronutrients we get from foods usually are adequate to prevent vitamin deficiency , which is rare in the United States .
That said , some extra vitamins have proven benefits , such as vitamin B12 supplements for the elderly and folic acid for women of child - bearing age .
And calcium and vitamin D in women over 65 appear to protect bone health .
But many people gobble down large doses of vitamins believing that they boost the body ’s ability to mop up damaging free radicals that lead to cancer and heart disease .
In addition to the more recent research , several reports in recent years have challenged the notion that megadoses of vitamins are good for you .
A Johns Hopkins School of Medicine review of 19 vitamin E clinical trials of more than 135,000 people showed high doses of vitamin E ( greater than 400 IUs ) increased a person ’s risk for dying during the study period by 4 percent .
Taking vitamin E with other vitamins and minerals resulted in a 6 percent higher risk of dying .
Another study of daily vitamin E showed vitamin E takers had a 13 percent higher risk for heart failure .
The Journal of Clinical Oncology published a study of 540 patients with head and neck cancer who were being treated with radiation therapy .
Vitamin E reduced side effects , but cancer recurrence rates among the vitamin users were higher , although the increase did n’t reach statistical significance .
A 1994 Finland study of smokers taking 20 milligrams a day of beta carotene showed an 18 percent higher incidence of lung cancer among beta carotene users .
In 1996 , a study called Caret looked at beta carotene and vitamin A use among smokers and workers exposed to asbestos , but the study was stopped when the vitamin users showed a 28 percent higher risk for lung cancer and a 26 percent higher risk of dying from heart disease .
A 2002 Harvard study of more than 72,000 nurses showed that those who consumed high levels of vitamin A from foods , multivitamins and supplements had a 48 percent higher risk for hip fractures than nurses who had the lowest intake of vitamin A .
The Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews looked at vitamin C studies for treating colds .
Among more than two dozen studies , there was no overall benefit for preventing colds , although the vitamin was linked with a 50 percent reduction in colds among people who engaged in extreme activities , such as marathon runners , skiers and soldiers , who were exposed to significant cold or physical stress .
The data also suggested vitamin C use was linked with less severe and slightly shorter colds .
In October 2004 , Copenhagen researchers reviewed seven randomized trials of beta carotene , selenium and vitamins A , C and E ( alone or in combination ) in colon , esophageal , gastric , pancreatic and liver cancer .
The antioxidant users had a 6 percent higher death rate than placebo users .
Two studies presented to the American College of Cardiology in 2006 showed that vitamin B does n’t prevent heart attacks , leading The New England Journal of Medicine to say that the consistency of the results “ leads to the unequivocal conclusion ” that the vitamins do n’t help patients with established vascular disease .
The British Medical Journal looked at multivitamin use among elderly people for a year but found no difference in infection rates or visits to doctors .
Despite a lack of evidence that vitamins actually work , consumers appear largely unwilling to give them up .
Many readers of the Well blog say the problem is not the vitamin but poorly designed studies that use the wrong type of vitamin , setting the vitamin up to fail .
Industry groups such as the Council for Responsible Nutrition also say the research is n’t well designed to detect benefits in healthy vitamin users .
Publishing company Jiyu Kokuminsha has released its annual list of the 60 most popular Japanese words and phrases of the year .
This diverse collection of expressions highlights many of the events , trends and people that caught the attention of the Japanese mass media in 2008 .
From this list , a panel of judges will select the 10 trendiest Japanese words of 2008 and announce the results on December 1 .
The expressions are listed below in no particular order .
* * * * * * * * * *
UPDATE ( Dec 1 , 2008 ) : Jiyu Kokuminsha's top 10 words / phrases of the year :
1. " gu~ ! " ( # 25 below )
2. Arafo ( # 14 below )
3. Ueno's 413 pitches ( #58 below )
4. Izakaya taxi ( # 34 below )
5 . Manager in name only ( # 41 below )
6. Buried treasure ( #35 below )
7. The Crab Cannery Ship ( # 17 below )
8. Guerrilla rainstorm ( # 1 below )
9. Late - stage elderly ( #43 below )
10 . " I 'm different from you " ( # 54 below )
* * * * * * * * * *
1. Guerrilla rainstorm ( gōu - ゲリラ豪雨 ) : Sudden , unpredictable rainstorms struck Japan with alarming frequency and intensity this year .
Although the expression " guerrilla rainstorm " has been in use for about 30 years , this summer 's abnormally unstable weather really hammered home the meaning .
2. Dumb characters ( obaka - kyara - おバカキャラ ) : " Dumb characters , " a.k.a. " dumb idols " ( obaka - aidoru - おバカアイドル ) , are entertainers loved for their lack of brains .
Nobody better embodies this phenomenon than clueless TV talents Mai Satoda , Suzanne and Yukina Kinoshita , who , as regular guests on Fuji TV's " Quiz ! Hexagon " trivia show , made a name for themselves by consistently displaying a stunning lack of basic knowledge .
Pabo
The trio recently formed a musical group called " Pabo " ( which means " idiot " in Korean ) and released their first CD in September .
3. Subprime ( sabupuraimu - サブプライム ) :
The word " subprime " began seeping into the public consciousness last year , but it was relatively easy to ignore because the problem remained confined to the other side of the Pacific .
The word took on greater significance this year as the mess washed up on Japan 's shores .
4. Morning banana ( asa banana - 朝バナナ ) : Years of online discussion between weight - conscious Mixi users resulted in the creation of the " Morning Banana Diet , " a simple diet program which , among other things , involves eating bananas for breakfast .
The diet program took the nation and mainstream media by storm after it was featured on a popular TV show .
Sporadic banana shortages occurred at some supermarkets as suppliers struggled to keep up with demand .
[ More ]
5. Change ( チェンジ ) : While Obama brought a message of " change " to the United States , Fuji TV delivered a hit drama , entitled " Change , " starring SMAP idol Kimutaku ( Takuya Kimura ) as a school teacher who reluctantly becomes prime minister .
6. Crystal jelly ( owan kurage - オワンクラゲ ) :
The crystal jelly , a.k.a.
Aequorea victoria , is a bioluminescent jellyfish found off the west coast of North America .
The creature was thrust into the spotlight this year after marine biologist and organic chemist Osamu Shimomura , along with Martin Chalfie and Roger Y. Tsien , were awarded the 2008 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for discovering green fluorescent protein ( GFP ) in the jellyfish and developing it as an important biological research tool .
[ More ]
7. Rozen Aso ( ローゼン麻生 ) : " Rozen Aso " is the nickname of current prime minister Taro Aso , a manga fan who was once reportedly seen reading " Rozen Maiden " at Haneda Airport .
In 2007 , as foreign affairs minister , Aso established the International Manga Award for non-Japanese manga artists .
When he announced his candidacy for prime minister after the resignation of Shinzo Abe in 2007 , the stock prices of some manga publishers and manga - related companies rose sharply .
8. Akiba - kei ( アキバ系 ) : " Akiba - kei " ( lit. " Akihabara style " ) refers to the geek culture of Tokyo's Akihabara district , the otaku capital of the world .
Synonymous with " otaku , " the expression generally applies to young men who frequent Akihabara and harbor a deep interest in idols , erotic PC games , model figurines and manga , although it can refer to geeky women as well .
9. Hime - den ( 姫電 ) :
This abbreviation of hime - denwa ( lit. " princess phone " ) describes a garish style of mobile phone decoration popular with junior high and high school girls .
Hime - den
Hime - den are typically decorated with glitter , fake jewels , ribbons , lace , and little teddy bears .
10 . Marriage hunting ( konkatsu - 婚活 ) : " Konkatsu - Jidai ' ' ( " The Times of Marriage - Hunting " ) , a recent best - selling book by Toko Shirakawa , looks at Japan 's declining marriage rate and the growing difficulty that people in their 30s and 40s face when seeking marriage partners .
Recent statistics indicate that 47 percent of men and 32 percent of women in their early 30s are unmarried .
These figures appear to be on the rise as people focus more on career than on family , and as more and more people view marriage as a personal preference , not an essential part of life .
[ More ]
11 . Air performance ( ea - gei - エア芸 ) :
This refers to a recent twist on the Japanese art of monomane ( impersonation ) .
Unlike conventional monomane artists who do voice impressions , air performers lip sync their imitations to recordings while incorporating well - timed dance moves , gestures and facial expressions .
Transsexual entertainer Ai Haruna is well known for her " Air Ayaya " performance , an imitation of idol Aya Matsūra ( a.k.a. Ayaya ) .
12 . " You say ? " ( Iu yo ne ? - 言うよね ? ) : Transsexual entertainer Ai Haruna frequently uses this pet expression as a retort when berated .
" I U YO NE - " is also the title of her upcoming single .
13 . Onee-mans - ( onee - manzu - オネエマンズ ) : Onee -mans ( " sister man " ) is a popular prime - time NTV variety show featuring a cast of effeminate gay men and transgenders who get together to discuss topics ranging from fashion to cooking .
14 . Arafo ( アラフォー ) : " Arafo " -- a word coined to refer to females between the ages of 35 to 45 -- is an abbreviation of " Around 40 , " which also happens to be the title of a popular TV drama that depicts the worries and conflicts of the Arafo generation , particularly with respect to career , love , marriage , childbirth and child rearing .
Incidentally , the word " arasa " ( " around 30 " ) , which is used in the fashion industry to refer to females around 30 , was derived from this word .
[ More ]
15 . " Lost Generation " ( rosu jene ( sengen ) - ロスジェ ネ ( 宣言 ) ) :
In June , Kamogawa Publishing Co. started a new biannual magazine entitled " Lost Generation , " a self - proclaimed ultra - leftist journal focusing on the themes of " anguish , unease and the absurdities the young people of today face in everyday life . "
The magazine takes its name from the so - called Lost Generation of people now in their late 20s and early 30s who came of age during Japan 's lost decade , a period of economic stagnation that followed the collapse of the bubble economy in the early 1990s .
[ More ]
16 . Taste for middle - aged men ( karesen - カレセン ) :
An abbreviation of " kareta ojisan senmon " ( lit. " specialty in withered old men " ) , " karesen " refers to the particular preference some young women have for middle - aged or older men who are calm , unassuming , and lack sex appeal .
This type of man is the subject of a photo - heavy book entitled " Karesen , " which profiles a host of dandy gents and extols their virtues .
17 . The Crab Cannery Ship ( Kanikōsen - 蟹工船 ) :
This year saw the surprise revival of " Kanikōsen , " a 1929 novel by Takiji Kobayashi that follows the proletarian struggle of exploited workers on a crab cannery ship .
The book sold over 600,000 copies this year , and a contemporary film adaptation ( scheduled for release in 2009 ) is reportedly in the works .
[ More ]
18 . Millennial anniversary of the Tale of Genji ( genji monogatari sen - nen - ki - 源氏物語千年紀 ) :
In 2008 , special events were held across Japan to mark the 1,000th anniversary of the Tale of Genji , the world 's oldest novel .
19 . " The Homeless Junior High School Student " ( hōmuresu chūgakusei / kaisan - ホームレス中学生／解散! ) : " The Homeless Junior High School Student " is a best - selling memoir by comedian Hiroshi Tamura , who became homeless as a 10 - year - old after the death of his mother and the break - up of his family .
Some of the hardships Tamura recounts include spending nights in public parks and eating cardboard and grass to survive .
The book sold over 1 million copies within two months of its release , making it the fastest selling non-fiction book on record in Japan .
The story was adapted to the screen this year as " Homeless Chugakusei " ( " The Homeless Student " ) .
20 . " Ponyo , ponyo ponyo , the fish kid " ( ponyo , ponyo ponyo , sakana no ko - ポ～ニョ、ポニョポニョ、さかなの子～ ) :
This is a line from the theme song for anime filmmaker Hayao Miyazaki's " Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea . "
Performed by Fujioka - Fujimaki ( famous duo Takaaki Fujioka and Naoya Fujimaki ) and eight - year - old Nozomi Ohashi , the song reached No.3 on the Oricon Weekly Charts in August .
21 . Michelin ( mishuran - ミシュラン ) :
The first Tokyo edition of the Michelin Restaurant Guide was published in 2008 , and the city 's eateries received a record number of coveted stars .
Despite some criticism , the guide sold over 300,000 copies the first year .
The 2009 edition is due out shortly .
22 . " I am one of your works " ( watashi wa anata no sakuhin no hitotsu desu - 私もあなたの作品の一つです ) : Following the death of legendary manga artist Fujio Akatsuka on August 2 , comedian and TV personality Tamori ( a.k.a. Kazuyoshi Morita ) delivered a eulogy , in which he said , " I am one of your multitude of works . "
Akatsuka was instrumental in helping Tamori during his early years in show business .
23 . " It 's all good . " ( kore de ii no da - これでいいのだ ) :
In the eulogy , Tamori also borrowed a phrase used frequently by a character in Akatsuka 's Tensai Bakabon manga series , when he said : " Your liberating ideas helped us accept and affirm the way things really are .
That is , you taught us , ' It 's all good . ' "
24 . Sekai no Nabeatsu ( 世界のナベアツ ) : Sekai no Nabeatsu is the nickname of comedian Atsumu Watanabe , whose inane number - counting gag involves having a conniption fit every time he comes to a multiple of three or a number that has a three in it .
25 . " gu~ ! " ( グ～！ ) : " Guu " -- a bastardization of the English word " good " -- is the signature line of comedienne Edo Harumi , which she usually delivers while giving an exaggerated thumbs - up gesture .
She often incorporates the gag into everyday conversation by over - emphasizing the " guu " sound at the end of words .
Edo Harumi also received a lot attention as the celebrity marathon runner at this year 's NTV 24 - hour charity telethon , which aims to bring - guu in donations from viewers tuning - guu in to enjoy the spectacle of a celebrity in pain .
26 . Kitaaa ! ( キターー !! ) : Comedian Takahiro Yamamoto repopularized the expression " kitaaa ! " ( " relief ! " ) after imitating the way actor Yuji Oda used to scream it in eyedrop commercials years ago .
27 . " A woman 's life is like walking on a long one - way path . "
( Onago no michi wa ippon - michi ni gozaimasu .
- おなごの道は一本道にございます。 ) :
This is a famous line from episode 6 of " Atsuhime " ( lit. " Princess Atsu " ) , a 50 - part NHK drama that chronicles the life of Tensho - in , the wife of 13th Edo shogun Tokugawa Iesada . [ More ]
28 . Kuidaore Taro ( くいだおれ太郎 ) : For 60 years , the bespectacled clown mannequin known as Kuidaore Taro played drums and served as mascot outside the famous Kuidaore restaurant in Osaka 's Dotonbori district .
Unfortunately , the local icon lost his job when the restaurant shut down this year .
Kuidaore Taro
Instead of putting the clown mascot up for sale , the owner has decided to rent him out as a celebrity for promotional purposes .
Expect to see Taro in commercials , festivals and other events in the future .
[ More ]
29 . Kimotiiiii ( キモティー ) : Seibu Lions outfielder G.G. Sato is known for driving fans wild with antics like the " Kimotiii ! " ( " Feels good ! " ) he belted out on countless occasions this year .
30 . Make Legend ( meiku rejendo - メーク・レジェンド ) :
This is the slogan of the 2008 Yomiuri Giants baseball team under manager Tatsunori Hara , who beat the odds to win the 2008 Central League Championship .
The slogan is reminiscent of the team 's 1996 slogan of " Make Drama " ( which , in hybridized Japanese - English , means to achieve success after a dramatic turnaround ) .
That season , the Giants under manager Nagashima captured the Central League pennant and " Make Drama " was recognized as the trendiest expression of 1996 .
31 . " It was nothing " ( he no tsuppari demo nai desu kara - 屁の突っ張りでもないですから ) :
After judo star Satoshi Ishii won gold at the Beijing Olympics , reporters asked him to describe the pressure he felt .
Notorious for making bold statements to the press , Ishii said , " It was nothing [ compared to what his coach felt ] . "
The champ later shocked the judo world at a garden party hosted by the Emperor , where he announced his intent to quit judo for a career in the burgeoning field of mixed martial arts .
32 . Recurrence Prevention Committee ( saihatsu bōshi kentō iinkai - 再発防止検討委員会 ) :
The sumo world found itself embroiled in scandal again this year after Tokyo police arrested Russian wrestler Wakanoho for marijuana possession .
In response , the Japan Sumo Association 's Recurrence Prevention Committee , which was established last year to investigate questionable training practices after the hazing death of a teenage wrestler , conducted a series of random urine tests .
Two more Russian sumo wrestlers , Roho and Hakurozan , tested positive for cannabis .
To make matters worse , after Wakanoho was permanently banned from the sport in August , he went public with details ( and names ) that appear to substantiate the allegations of bout rigging that have haunted the Sumo Association for years .
[ More ]
33 . Sento - kun / Manto - kun ( せんとくん／まんとくん ) : Sento - kun , the official mascot character for the Commemorative Events of the 1,300th Anniversary of the Nara - Heijokyo Capital , garnered widespread criticism from the media , religious groups and the blogosphere after he was unveiled in February .
A Buddhist child monk with a rack of deer antlers sprouting from his head , Sento - kun is supposed to evoke the image of Nara 's rich Buddhist history and the wild deer that roam freely around town .
But some citizens were angry at officials for shutting them out of the decision - making process and wasting 5 million yen ( about $ 50,000 ) of taxpayer money on what they saw as an ugly mascot .
Sento - kun ( left ) and Manto - kun ( right )
A group of Nara - area designers took matters into their own hands and came up with their own mascot that more closely represents the will of the people and the true spirit of Nara .
That mascot is Manto - kun . [ More ]
34 . Izakaya taxi ( 居酒屋タクシー ) :
In June , about 450 Japanese government bureaucrats admitted to receiving beer , snacks and cash from taxi drivers hired for official journeys at taxpayer expense .
Taxi fare from central Tokyo to outlying areas can easily cost 10,000 to 20,000 yen ( $ 100 to $ 200 ) per trip , which is good money for the driver .
To ensure repeat business and get the leg up on the competition , some drivers started keeping coolers stocked with goodies for their big- spending bureaucrat passengers .
When the scandal broke , these taxis came to be referred to as izakaya ( " pub " ) taxis .
[ More ]
35 . Kasumigaseki's buried treasure ( kasumigaseki maizōkin - 霞ヶ関埋蔵金 ) :
The " treasure " buried in Tokyo's Kasumigaseki district ( home to Japanese government buildings and institutions ) is not the legendary trove of riches the Tokugawa shogunate government is rumored to have hidden during the closing days of the Edo period ( 1603 - 1867 ) as they faced defeat by Meiji government forces .
Instead , it consists of reserve funds and surpluses in the central government 's special accounts .
With an estimated value of 187 trillion yen ( $ 1.9 trillion ) , some politicians believe that this " treasure " could be used to fund economic stimulus measures and social welfare plans .
Arguments over how ( and whether ) to use this money and whether or not it can effectively bail out the Japanese government are intensifying as Japan 's economic situation worsens .
[ More ]
36 . Twisted Diet ( nejire kokkai - ねじれ国会 ) : " Twisted Diet " refers to the parliamentary gridlock resulting from the Democratic Party 's majority in the Upper House and the Liberal Democratic Party 's overwhelming majority in the Lower House .
37 . Gasoline Diet ( gasorin kokkai - ガソリン国会 ) : Political wrangling over gasoline taxes took center stage in the 150 - day Diet session that convened in January , earning it the nickname of the " Gasoline Diet . "
While the ruling Liberal Democratic Party wanted to extend the " temporary " ( 30 - year - old ) gasoline tax hike to maintain funding for road and highway projects , the opposition Democratic Party of Japan wanted to let it expire to provide consumers relief at the pump .
38 . Temporary tax ( zantei zeiritsu - 暫定税率 ) :
The so - called " temporary " gasoline tax hike -- which is actually over 30 years old -- expired at the end of March after the parties failed to reach a compromise .
However , it was reinstated one month later after a revote , and prices at the pump returned to their previous levels , jumping about 25 yen per liter ( $ 1 per gallon ) overnight .
39 .
Fuel surcharge ( nenryō saachaaji - 燃料サーチャージ ) :
This refers to the de facto surcharge tacked on to various goods and services as a result of skyrocketing oil prices .
40 . Fishermen strikes ( issei kyūryō - 一斉休漁 ) : Fishing unions held a pair of token nationwide strikes this summer to protest rising fuel prices .
Squid fishermen held a two - day strike in June .
And in July , the nation 's fishermen held a massive one - day strike involving about 200,000 boats from all of Japan 's major fishing unions .
41 . Manager in name only ( nabakari kanrishoku - 名ばかり管理職 ) : " Managers in name only " are company employees who put in lots of overtime but do not get paid for their extra work because they are called " managers , " even though in fact they have no administrative authority .
One of these " managers in name only " at the McDonald 's fast - food chain filed a lawsuit against the company for unfair labor practices .
In January , the Tokyo District Court ruled in his favor , ordering McDonald 's to pay its outlet " managers " for overtime because they are given no administrative authority .
( The law is designed so that companies in Japan do not have to pay overtime to real managers with actual administrative authority . ) [ More ]
42 . Choriiissu ( チョリ～ッス ) : Shibuya slang for " hello . "
43 . Late - stage elderly ( kōki kōreisha - 後期高齢者 ) : " Late - stage elderly " -- those aged 75 or older -- now account for nearly 10 % of the Japanese population , according to an annual survey by the Cabinet Office .
The same report , which warned of an imminent pension crisis as the number of retirees reached a record 27 million ( 21.5 % of the population ) , added that Japan has become a " full - fledged aged society . "
In April , the government rolled out the Late - stage Elderly Health Insurance System to better cover people aged 75 and older .
While the scheme has been criticized for various administrative shortcomings , the name itself also came under fire .
Many found the phrase " late - stage elderly " offensive , so the government renamed the scheme as the more palatable " Long - Life Medical Health Insurance System . " [ More ]
44 . Yuru - kyara ( ゆるキャラ ) :
With the buzz generated by Sento - kun ( see # 33 above ) , the mainstream media began to bandy about the term " yuru - kyara . "
The expression was coined years ago by artist Jun Miura to describe the amateurish mascots frequently employed by local governments and others in grassroots PR campaigns .
" Yuru " means " loose " or " weak , " while " kyara " means " character . "
Yuru - kyara in Shiga prefecture
The fact that yuru - kyara are poorly designed is a key element of their charm .
[ More ]
45 . Saiban Inko ( サイバンインコ ) :
To help promote the citizen jury system that starts in Japan next year , the justice ministry encouraged local prosecutors to come up with original ideas for yuru - kyara .
One suggestion was a green parakeet named " Saiban Inko , " which is a play on the words saibanin ( juror ) and inko ( parakeet ) .
Former justice minister Kunio Hatoyama helped spread the word about the jury system by parading around in a Saiban Inko costume for the press .
46 . Free Tibet ( フリーチベット ) : The " Free Tibet " rallying cry echoed across the world ahead of the Beijing Olympics .
47 . Tainted rice ( osen - mai / jiko - mai - 汚染米／事故米 ) :
In September , it was revealed that tons of moldy , pesticide - tainted rice had been served up at more than 100 hospitals , homes for the elderly , and dozens of schools , and had been used as an ingredient in sake , shochu and rice crackers .
Osaka - based wholesaler Mikasa Foods , which had originally purchased the contaminated rice for use in industrial products such as glue , ended up selling it to hundreds of companies across Japan to boost profits .
The scandal forced the resignation of gaffe - prone farm minister Seiichi Ota , who had come under fire only weeks earlier for saying the government was forced to pay close attention to food safety because Japanese consumers are " fussy " ( yakamashii - やかましい ) .
[ More ]
48 . Poison gyoza ( doku- iri gyōza - 毒入りギョーザ ) :
In January , 10 people in Japan fell seriously ill after eating frozen gyoza dumplings produced in China .
Tests revealed extremely high levels of the pesticide methamidophos ( see # 49 below ) , prompting a full - blown food scare .
Investigators suspect the poison was intentionally mixed into the food at the company 's factory in Hubei , China .
The poisonings deepened consumer distrust toward Chinese food products and aggravated public sentiment toward China . [ More ]
49 . Methamidophos ( メタミドホス ) : Methamidophos , an organophosphate insecticide , became a household name in the wake of the the poison gyoza dumpling scare .
Unhealthy amounts of the toxic pesticide were also discovered in the tainted rice that came to light in September .
Methamidophos is not to be confused with melamine , a toxic substance that turned up in a host of other products imported from China this year , including powdered milk , chocolate , frozen dough , pastries and pizza .
50 .
Whispering matron ( sasayaki okami - ささやき女将 ) :
The " whispering matron " is 70 - year - old Sachiko Yuki , former president of upscale restaurant chain Senba Kitcho K.K. , which closed down in May after a series of labeling scandals and revelations that it served expired and leftover food to customers .
At a press conference held last December to apologize for wrongdoing , Yuki answered questions alongside her son Kikuo Yuki , also a Senba Kitcho executive .
Each time reporters directed questions to him , Ms. Yuki could be heard muttering under her breath , telling him what to say and how to act .
[ Video ]
51 . Zero carbohydrates ( toshitsu zero - 糖質ゼロ ) :
As a result of the zero - carb trend that took off last year , the " zero " label is a common sight on drink shelves in Japan .
The major breweries now offer a range of zero - carb alternatives .
Kirin Zero
Incidentally , anything less than 0.5 gram per 100 milliliters qualifies as zero .
52 . Relaxed generation / Unrelaxed education ( yutori sedai / datsu - yutori kyōiku - ゆとり世代／脱ゆとり教育 ) : Japan 's yutori ( " relaxed " ) education policy is designed to reduce the amount of class time and content of the national primary education curriculum .
In recent years , the mass media and others in Japan have blamed this policy of pressure - free education for the drops in scholastic ability .
In a sign that attitudes are changing , new teaching guidelines released in March of this year advocated a policy of " unrelaxed " education . [ More ]
53 . Pension Coverage Special Notice ( nenkin tokubetsu bin - ねんきん特別便 ) : Japan 's Social Insurance Agency unleashed a massive headache on pensioners this year in the form of the Pension Coverage Special Notice -- a personalized statement outlining the details of each pensioner 's coverage history .
Pensioners were instructed to carefully review their statements for errors and call the Social Insurance Agency if they found any discrepancies .
In addition to finding the statement difficult to decipher , people complained of busy phone lines , having to wait their turn for hours , and operators that were unable to provide straight answers to questions .
54 . " I 'm different from you " ( anata to wa chigau n desu - あなたとは違うんです ) :
At a press conference following former prime minister Yasuo Fukuda 's sudden resignation in September , a reporter confronted Fukuda about his seeming detachment from the problems facing Japan and his resignation .
Agitated , Fukuda fired back : " You said I sounded detached , but I am able to see myself objectively .
I 'm different from you . "
Fukuda - inspired ASCII art
Japan 's online community mocked Fukuda 's uncharacteristically blunt outburst for weeks .
[ More ]
55 . Filtering ( フィルタリング ) : Major political parties within the Japanese government cooperated to draft legislation to regulate access to Internet content deemed " harmful " to minors .
The bill requires mobile phone companies and Internet providers to offer filtering services that restrict access to websites on mobile phones and computers used by minors , but also ensures that parents have the option to refuse such services .
The bill also calls for the government to provide financial support to private organizations that develop or promote the use of filtering software .
[ More ]
56 . Age - age ( あげあげ ) : Shibuya slang for " exciting " or " fun . "
57 . " I 've got nothing to say " ( nani mo ienee - 何も言えねー ) :
When a TV reporter asked Olympic swimmer Kosuke Kitajima for a comment immediately after winning the 100 - meter breaststroke gold , he buried his face in a towel and said , " Sorry , I 've got nothing to say . "
58 . Ueno's 413 pitches ( ueno no 413 - kyū - 上野 の４１３球 ) : Women 's softball pitcher Yukiko Ueno led Japan to a gold medal victory by throwing an astounding 413 pitches in three games over two days .
59 . Kami-sama , Hotoke - sama , Ueno - sama ( 神様 仏様 上野様 ) : Yukiko Ueno is from Fukuoka , the hometown of legendary 1950s - 1960s Nishitetsu Lions pitcher Kazuhisa Inao , who long ago was praised as " Kami- sama , Hotoke - sama , Inao - sama " ( lit . " God , Buddha , Inao " ) .
Fukuoka fans recycled and updated the old expression following Ueno 's stellar Olympic performance .
60 . " Yes , YES , YEEESSSS ! " ( yoshi , yoshi , yoooshi ! - よし、よし、よーし！ ) : Olympic TV commentator Taeko Utsugi ( a former Olympic softball coach ) lost her bearings while covering the women 's softball final .
The moment Japan secured the gold medal , she burst out screaming , " Yes , YES , YEEESSSS ! " before becoming completely unintelligible and breaking down in tears of joy .
Later , after watching a tape of the broadcast , she admitted feeling a little embarrassed with herself .
* Illustration : Matias Vigliano * __Thanks to Facebook , I never lose touch with anyone .
And that , my Friend , is a problem .
__Hey , want to be my friend ?
It 's more than possible ; it 's probable .
Hell , we may already be friends — I have n't checked my email in a few minutes .
And once we are , we will be , as they say , 4 - eva .
A perusal of my Facebook Friend roster reveals that I , a medium - social individual of only middling lifetime popularity , have never lost a friend .
They 're all there : elementary school friends , high school friends , college friends , work friends , friends of friends , friends of ex-girlfriends — the constellation of familiar faces crowds my Friendbox like medals on Mussolini 's chest .
I 'm Friend - rich — at least onscreen .
I 've never lost touch with anyone , it seems .
What I 've lost is the right to lose touch .
This says less about my innate lovability , I think , than about the current inflated state of Friendonomics .
Think of it as the Long Tail of Friendship — in the age of queue - able social priorities , Twitter - able status updates , and amaranthine cloud memory , keeping friends requires almost no effort at all .
We have achieved Infinite Friendspace , which means we need never drift from old pals nor feel the poignant tug of passive friend - loss .
It also means that even the flimsiest of attachments — the chance convention buddy , the cube - mate from the '90s , the bar - napkin hookup — will be preserved , in perpetuity , under the flattering , flattening banner of " Friend . "
( Sure , you can rank and categorize them to your heart 's content , but who'd be callous enough to actually categorize a hookup under " Hookup " ? )
It has been argued that this Infinite Friendspace is an unalloyed good .
But while this plays nicely into our sentimental ideal of lifelong friendship , it 's having at least three catastrophic effects .
First , it encourages hoarding .
We squirrel away Friends the way our grandparents used to save nickels — obsessively , desperately , as if we 'll run out of them some day .
( Of course , they lived through the Depression .
And we lived through — what , exactly ?
Middle school ?
90210 ? The Electric Slide ? )
Humans are natural pack rats , and given the chance we 'll stockpile anything of nominal value .
Friends are the currency of the socially networked world ; therefore , it follows that more equals better .
But the more Friends you have , the less they 're worth — and , more to the point , the less human they are .
People become mere collectibles , like Garbage Pail Kids .
And call me a buzz kill , but I do n't want to be anyone 's Potty Scotty .
Second , Friending has subsumed the ol ' Rolodex .
Granted , it 's often convenient to have all of your contacts under one roof .
But the great thing about the Rolodex was that it never talked back , it did n't throw virtual octopi or make you take movie quizzes , and it never , ever poked you .
The Rolodex just sat there .
It was all business .
Third , and most grave , we 've lost our right to lose touch .
" A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of Nature , " Emerson wrote , not bothering to add , " and like most things natural , friendship is biodegradable . "
We scrawl " Friends Forever " in yearbooks , but we quietly realize , with relief , that some bonds are meant to be shed , like snakeskin or a Showtime subscription .
It 's nature 's way of allowing you to change , adapt , evolve , or devolve as you wish — and freeing you from the exhaustion of multifront friend maintenance .
Fine , you can " Remove Friend , " but what kind of asshole actually does that ?
Deletion is scary — and , we 're told , unnecessary in the Petabyte Age .
That 's what made good old - fashioned losing touch so wonderful — friendships , like long - forgotten photos and mixtapes , would distort and slowly whistle into oblivion , quite naturally , nothing personal .
It was sweet and sad and , though you 'd rarely admit it , necessary .
And maybe that 's the answer : A Facebook app we 'll call the Fade Utility .
Untended Friends would gradually display a sepia cast on the picture , a blurring of the neglected profile — perhaps a coffee stain might appear on it or an unrelated phone number or grocery list .
The individual 's status updates might fade and get smaller .
The user may then choose to notice and reach out to the person in some meaningful way — no pokes !
Or they might pretend not to notice .
Without making a choice , they could simply let that person go .
Would that really be so awful ?
I realize that I may lose a few Friends by saying this .
I invite them to remove me .
Though I think they 'll find it harder than they imagine .
I 've never lost a Friend , you see , and I 'm starting to worry I never will .
Email scott_brown@wired.com .
Play Previous : E.O. Wilson Returns to the Hive With Superorganism Tome What Facebook and Steroid Use Have in Common
Twitter , Flickr , Facebook Make Blogs Look So 2004
Cairo Activists Use Facebook to Rattle Regime
On November 12 , 2008 , a group of artists and activists unveiled a brilliant spoof of the New York Times , widely distributed to readers in New York and Los Angeles .
This " July 4 , 2009 " version of the Times — which the real New York Times described as a " Grade - A caper " — boldly announced the end of the Iraq War , the nationalization of major oil conglomerates , the elimination of tuition at public universities , and the indictment of soon - to - be - former president Bush on charges of high treason .
The poignant send - up , also available in an online version at www.nytimes-se.com, is a perfect example of parody in the 21st century .
It certainly got its fair share of attention .
Could the lawyers be far behind ?
Not surprisingly , the corporate targets of the parody were not pleased .
Now , in what is becoming an all - too - familiar trend , one of those corporations has attempted to shut down the site by putting pressure on what is often the weakest link in the online speech chain : the domain name registrar .
Stymied by the First Amendment and other legal impediments , those who do n't appreciate critical commentary and other " objectionable " online content have found intermediaries — providers of indispensable technical services like domain name registration and web hosting — much easier to intimidate .
This time , the complaining ( and overreaching ) party was the South African diamond conglomerate De Beers , the target of a critical fake ad on the web version of the New York Times spoof announcing that diamond purchases " will enable us to donate a prosthetic for an African whose hand was lost in diamond conflicts . "
Miffed by the criticism , De Beers responded not by confronting the authors ( whose parody is protected by the First Amendment ) but instead by threatening their Swiss - based domain name registrar , Joker.com .
De Beers has demanded that Joker.com disable the spoof website 's domain name or face liability for trademark infringement .
This certainly is n't the first time that a sore target of criticism has threatened an internet intermediary in order to take down content it did n't like .
The motivation is simple : all too often , the intermediary will prove to be unwilling to stand up for the rights of its customers .
For example :
Intermediaries frequently argue ( incorrectly ) that they have no choice but to shut down domain names or sites when they receive a legal complaint .
But they do have a choice , at least in the United States .
As EFF has explained to De Beers , U.S. law provides ample protection for intermediaries , in large part to ensure that online speech and commerce continues to thrive .
For example , in 1996 , Congress passed Section 230 of the Communications Decency
Act which immunizes internet intermediaries from most kinds of liability associated with the content that their customers place on their own sites .
Similarly , the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( passed in 1998 ) provides a safe harbor from copyright infringement liability for intermediaries who follow straightforward procedures in response to valid takedown notices .
With these strong legal protections , intermediaries can and should refuse to respond to pressure from companies like De Beers .
Will the poignant work of the New York Times parodists stay up for the world to see ?
Will other critical online speakers be silenced by improper threats against their virtual soapboxes ?
The answer may ultimately depend more on the ability of targets to intimidate domain name registrars than on the legality of the underlying speech itself .
MEXICO CITY 
At their best , museums are glorious cultural repositories , reflecting the highest flowering of human creativity , ingenuity and art .
But not everything in every culture is glorious , and there are museums for those aspects , too , which is why , hidden from the public , there is an institution here devoted to Mexico ’s dark side , the Museum of Drugs .
It is a place that leaves those who manage to get inside shaking their heads and lamenting the long , spirited but largely unsuccessful war this country has waged to control illegal narcotics .
Run by the Mexican military and open only to graduating cadets and select guests , the Museo de los Enervantes presents the drug war in all its ugliness and complexity .
There is a room devoted to the ancient roots of drug use in Mesoamerica , like the use of hallucinogenic peyote and mushrooms by the Maya and Aztecs , and displays that show all the military does to try to stem the tide , uprooting marijuana plants and uncovering hidden caches of cocaine and heroin .
“ You eradicate in one place and you continue on , and when you go back they ’re growing it again , ” said Maj .
Mario Ayala López , who insisted that his face not be shown in any photographs , an atypical request for a museum curator but a reality in present - day Mexico , where the drug violence knows no bounds .
( CNN ) -- Protesters tried to block the motorcade of Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin in Grand Junction , Colorado , on Monday , but police dragged them out of the way .
Police push protesters out of the way of Sarah Palin 's motorcade in Grand Junction , Colorado , on Monday .
The incident -- just feet from the car carrying Palin -- was captured on video by CNN affiliate KKCO - TV .
Eight to 10 protesters broke away from a larger group of demonstrators and darted into the street in front of Palin 's car just after the first police motorcycles in her motorcade had passed , said Acting Chief Troy Smith of the Grand Junction Police Department .
Wearing bandanas and with their faces covered , the protesters blocked the path and held up a large banner .
Officers stopped their motorcycles , grabbed the protesters and dragged several out of the path of the oncoming motorcade .
Watch police and protesters clash »
At least two demonstrators were tackled and forced to the ground before being pulled away .
One officer fell backwards into the path of an approaching vehicle but he was able to get out of the way in time .
Palin 's vehicle passed without a problem as other protesters chanted on the sidewalk , about a block from a site where Palin had addressed a rally .
Smith said officers saved the protesters from injury because " the motorcade likely would not have stopped " for them .
He said " we do n't know what their intentions were " in trying to block Palin 's motorcade .
Investigators in Grand Junction are reviewing videotapes to try to identify suspects in an " active criminal investigation , " Smith said .
The Secret Service is not involved in the investigation , he said .
The protesters were members of a group called " Red Pill , " Smith said .
A Web site that carried an announcement of the group 's planned protest urged supporters to show Palin " that we as a community say no to war , no to corporate cronyism , and no to four more years of Bush - style leadership . "
It encouraged people to bring " drums , noise makers , and your strength . "
CNN 's Steve Brusk contributed to this report .
All About Grand Junction • Sarah Palin
Brainstorming is essential no matter what industry you work in .
Sooner or later you will need to generate new ideas .
Dreaming up new products and services is an important part of any commercial venture .
But there ’s more to creative thinking than pure innovation .
These days careers depend on an ability to conjure up something original .
Even if you work in a business where little changes from year to year , one day you will rub up against a problem needing fresh thinking .
Imagination comes naturally to many people , but not everyone has the gift .
The good news is that even people who think they lack creativity are capable of fresh insights .
It ’s partly a matter of practice .
But it also depends on finding clever ways to shed the creativity - hindering baggage .
Brainstorming is one of the best tools for doing this .
It ’s a technique that has often proved its worth over the past 60 years .
It has evolved into an essential workplace discipline .
Most of the world ’s leading companies use it everyday .
So do artists , writers , actors and other professionals who need to generate fresh ideas by the truck - load .
You can buy software designed to speed or smooth brainstorming , yet it ’s possible to brainstorm without tools .
All you need are two or more active brains , some ground rules and a little imagination .
Advertising started it
The first brainstorming sessions took place in the advertising industry more than 60 years ago .
In the 1930s , an advertising executive called Alex Osborn found himself becoming frustrated with the way meetings called to develop advertising strategies often stymied and not helped develop fresh ideas .
At the time , executives would hold a formal business meeting and work through an agenda .
The strict managerial hierarchies of the day meant juniors would defer to seniors .
Speaking out of turn could be career - limiting .
Many people were too frightened to speak out so they kept their bright ideas to themselves .
Often , concepts would be discussed in a highly combative way , so that the last man left standing ( in those days it was always a man ) would get his way .
Usually this would be the most senior person in the room or perhaps the person with the most aggressive personality .
Alternatively people would come to the meeting with great ideas , but the politics of the meeting saw them work towards a compromise — in the process the ideas would be so diluted that there was little substance left .
Osborn had a master ’s degree in philosophy and a great interest in the mechanics of imagination and creativity .
He realised that the barriers to inspiration needed to broken down so he devised a simple set of rules .
Brainstorming session
The process defined by Osborn ’s four rules was known as a “ brainstorming session ” .
His basic set of four ideas remains the core of modern brainstorming today and its application now goes way beyond advertising .
You ’ll find brainstorming being used in every area of commerce , in government and even in academia .
Sydney - based problem solving facilitator John Sleigh teaches companies how to use brainstorming , he also conducts sessions .
He uses Osborn ’s four main rules and adds the requirement of recording all contributions so that they are clearly visible to all participants .
He says , “ You need a flip chart , a white board or better still , an electronic white board .
When I started out in the 1970s we used to clip sheets of butcher ’s paper to a table and write ideas there with a marker pen .
In some ways the paper flip chart is the most user - friendly brainstorming tool of all . ”
When Sleigh runs a brainstorming session he starts by asking participants “ what are the issues ? ”
He says , “ I just stand there and get people to call things out .
People who have done it before have no trouble with this .
All the ideas are written on the flip chart or white board so that everyone can see everything . ”
Anything goes
The next stage is to get people to think about possible ways of solving the problems ; the rule is that anything goes .
Sleigh says running a brainstorming session is different from conducting a formal business meeting and people sometimes have difficulty adjusting to the style .
It requires a little training , but that should n’t take more than an hour .
He says once people are freed of convention the ideas flow thick and fast .
If the brainstorming session is specifically geared towards solving a problem , Sleigh gets participants to define success and failure in their own words .
He asks them , “ What does good look like ? ” and the answers also go on the flip chart .
Then , “ What does bad look like ? ”
All these replies and the other to earlier questions are made into one long list of ideas , the second half of the meeting is what he calls the “ tidy - up ” ; a process of sifting through these ideas , imposing order on the elements and looking for improvements .
Sleigh says the first part of the brainstorming process is about getting people ’s thoughts to diverge ; the second part is to make them converge .
Brainstorming in groups
It ’s possible to conduct a good brainstorming session with just three people , but experts say it is more effective with a larger group of people .
If you ’re organising a session inside a large organisation , it ’s important to get a range of people at different levels and with different responsibilities to take part because you want the subject to be looked at from as many angles as possible .
A relaxed atmosphere is essential .
Some organisations have special brainstorming rooms with bean bags or comfy chairs and begin sessions by playing mood music or serving tea and biscuits .
You want people to feel that they can say silly things , so one useful technique is to start the session by doing something slightly crazy like giving everyone a funny hat .
A more sober but equally effective loosening up might be to start by asking people to describe their favourite pet .
There are many different styles of running a brainstorming session .
Some leaders ask people to think privately about matters for a set period before switching to a group session .
Other go straight to the group .
In some organisations the process is a chaotic free - for - all .
In others everyone is asked to contribute to the discussion before someone can speak a second time .
Some managers have tried technical solutions that work somewhat like an online discussion group operating in real - time .
There are also idea - generating software packages like Idea Fisher which stimulate free thinking .
All of these approaches are valid , brainstorming is not a one - size - fits - all technique .
Hardest part
Perhaps the hardest part of running a brainstorming session lies in knowing when to stop .
You need to make sure you generate enough ideas , but it ’s good to halt the session when no more new material is forthcoming .
One strategy is to impose a fixed time limit on the meeting and work towards a deadline — this can concentrate minds wonderfully .
Half an hour should be enough for most sessions , but you might need a little longer if you have a large group of participants .
Most brainstorming sessions wrap up with a list of the better ideas .
Depending on your goals this might be the single best suggestion , a top three , top five or even ten items .
This post is an edited version of a story I wrote in the early 2000s for the now - defunct Communiqué magazine .
Brainstorming Links
Brainstorming.co.uk
Be warned this site is plug ugly ( it still has a mid-90s web look and feel ) .
However it is useful offering a free brainstorming tutorial and a good jumping off point for beginners .
Edward de Bono Famous for inventing lateral thinking , Edward de Bono promotes alternatives to traditional thought processes .
There ’s a wealth of material here , but it primarily exists to sell books and consulting .
Idea mapping is a powerful brainstorming tool for sorting through and organising thoughts .
You can use it for something as simple as writing a homework essay .
Top Ten Brainstorming Techniques
A list of smart ideas to get your brainstorming sessions cooking .
What ’s wrong with brainstorming ?
A constructive criticism of brainstorming .
The Four Rules of Brainstorming
Defer Judgement : recognising that good ideas could often wither on the vine , Osborn told meeting participants not to criticise anything that someone else said — at least not during the early stages of a meeting .
This means that people can feel confident about putting tentative ideas forward for discussion without fear of being made to feel stupid .
recognising that good ideas could often wither on the vine , Osborn told meeting participants not to criticise anything that someone else said — at least not during the early stages of a meeting .
This means that people can feel confident about putting tentative ideas forward for discussion without fear of being made to feel stupid .
Free - wheeling : Osborn knew some of the best ideas come from left - field .
So he encouraged people to throw every idea into the mix , no matter how wacky .
In fact , he believed the more left - field the idea the better .
He is famous for having told participants at an early meeting that it is far easier to tame a wild idea than to make a tame idea wilder .
Osborn knew some of the best ideas come from left - field .
So he encouraged people to throw every idea into the mix , no matter how wacky .
In fact , he believed the more left - field the idea the better .
He is famous for having told participants at an early meeting that it is far easier to tame a wild idea than to make a tame idea wilder .
Quantity is important : the more ideas that come up , the greater likelihood that one or more of them contains the best answer .
One aspect of creativity is that quantity can be the same thing as quality .
Osborn encouraged people to think up lots of ideas and sift through them afterwards .
the more ideas that come up , the greater likelihood that one or more of them contains the best answer .
One aspect of creativity is that quantity can be the same thing as quality .
Osborn encouraged people to think up lots of ideas and sift through them afterwards .
Consolidation and Cross- fertilization : Osborn understood that some of the best creative breakthroughs occur when a second mind builds on an earlier idea or when two different ideas are combined in a new way .
Your Brain
If your brain was a PC , optimising its performance would be easy .
You ’d start by backing - up important files , cleaning out the recycle bin and defragging the hard drive .
Then you ’d search for unnecessary bits of code swallowing valuable processor cycles .
Next you ’d check all your important programs and drivers are up to date .
After that you ’d schedule regular preventative maintenance breaks to stave off problems before they appear .
Finally you ’d install a decent anti-virus program and a firewall to keep everything safe from harm .
Thankfully , human brains do most of their necessary maintenance work on autopilot .
That ’s good news because with as many as 100 billion neurons to play with , your brain is considerably more complex than any existing computer and it does n’t come with much documentation .
However , there are things you can do to improve on the autopilot and keep your grey matter ticking over at maximum efficiency .
The first is to ensure you get enough good quality sleep .
Research studies show that even a small amount of sleep loss has a devastating effect on divergent or creative thinking .
It takes longer to find key insights and reach decisions .
Exactly how much sleep you need depends on your own body , but you should target a minimum of eight hours before any creative work .
Your diet can have a major impact on your ability to think .
A well - balanced nutritional diet helps thought processes .
Unlike most body cells , brain neurons do n’t reproduce so not eating properly can kill your creativity .
Neurotransmitters
Brain neurotransmitters are largely made up of amino acids ; you can replenish these by eating eggs , fresh milk , liver , kidneys and cheese .
Other good sources are cereals , some kinds of nuts , soybeans and brewers ’ yeast .
There ’s some truth in the old wives ’ tale about fish being good for the brain .
It has a chemical called Di-Methyl - Amino - Ethanol which is linked to learning , memory and intelligence , it can also increase alertness .
Avoid carbohydrates , they tend to cause drowsiness .
Caffeine is a sure - fire way to get the brain moving quickly .
Research shows people think faster and clearer after a cup or two of coffee .
Be wary of drinking too much , it ’ll make you edgy and interfere with sleep .
Exercise and fresh air are great for creative thinkers .
This can , but does n’t necessarily , visiting the gym .
Many creative workers , journalists included , find creative inspiration simply by taking a long walk — just walking around is great if your find your creativity is blocked .
You may also find it easier to think creatively if you switch off external stimuli .
Lastly , like a knife , your creativity will stay sharp if you use it often , but not so often that it become blunt .
Train yourself to think creatively in bursts and give yourself rest periods in between .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Cultures and Traditions have influence a lot of things people do .
Some can be constructive , others destructive .
Weird or reasonable .
Teaser trailer for 2012 .
Never before has a date in history been so significant to so many cultures , so many religions , scientists , and governments .
2012 is an epic adventure about a global cataclysm that brings an end to the world and tells of the heroic struggle of the survivors .
Duration
1 min 19 sec
Views
2,257,969
Posted On
November 12 , 2008 Director
Roland Emmerich
Writer
Roland Emmerich
Studio
Columbia Pictures
Release
November 13 , 2009 Cast
John Cusack
Amanda Peet
Chiwetel Ejiofor
Danny Glover
Thandie Newton Trailer Tracks
No Music Available Columbia Pictures
Action
Adventure
Teaser
How to Make Water from Thin Air
November 5th , 2008 by Amiel Blajchman
EWA Technologies Group has developed a new technology that harnesses the natural humidity in the air , and converts that moisture into drinking water .
The process works in three stages : Adsorption of water from the air ( getting the water out of the air ) ; desorption of the water ( releasing the water out of the containing material ) ; and condensation of the drinking water .
The first , and probably most critical phase is that of removing the ambient moisture from the air .
This is accomplished by using a desiccant material ( something that will attract moisture ) .
Since this process actually releases heat , very minimal electricity consumption is required .
Basically , all that ’s needed is something to keep the air flowing .
Releasing the water entails a combination of wind drying , heating and negative pressure ( a vacuum ) .
Using this combination of techniques requires only moderate heat ( about 60 º C ) .
Finally , since the steam is at a very low pressure , it begins to spontaneously condense .
Using the heat recovery unit cools the steam further and prevents heat loss , allowing the reuse of up to 80 % of inputted energy .
What does all that mean ?
Under some circumstances , water production is about US $ 0.50 per cubic meter of water .
And that ’s worth drinking to .
Image Credit : The World of Water by Snap® via Flickr ’s Media Commons
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Now , the typical idiotic reaction applied on this :
“ Why would they fake it ?
Would n’t be easier to make real news on real places instead of faking them ? ”
ALBANY 
After a pledge from New York Democratic leaders that their party would legalize same - sex marriage if they won control of the State Senate this year , money from gay rights supporters poured in from across the country , helping cinch a Democratic victory .
But now , party leaders have sent strong signals that they may not take up the issue during the 2009 legislative session .
Some of them suggest it may be wise to wait until 2011 before considering it , in hopes that Democrats can pick up more Senate seats and Gov. David A. Paterson , a strong backer of gay rights , would then be safely into a second term .
The question of how aggressively to proceed has touched off an intense debate among legislators and gay rights supporters about how ready the broader electorate is to embrace same - sex marriage , both in New York and across the country .
Many are still stung by California voters ’ approval this month of a measure that reversed a court decision that gave gay and lesbian couples the right to marry .
Heavy spending by church groups and others opposed to same - sex marriage helped the proposal win .
Irwin Stelzer
Telegraph
November 13 , 2008
Representatives of some 20 nations are preparing to fly to Washington to erect a new architecture to house the world ’s financial system – “ a new global order ” was the description Gordon Brown used in Monday ’s speech at the Lord Mayor ’s banquet .
To prepare for this meeting of the G20 industrialised and emerging nations , Europe ’s leaders gathered last week in Brussels and set down the principles they intend to have President Bush sign on to .
And – get this – they gave America a 100 - day deadline to agree to their plans .
“ We will be defending a common position , a vision … for reforming our financial system . ”
My guess is that the American hosts are about as intimidated by this show of unity as the West ’s enemies were by the announcement of the formation of the European army .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
France and Germany want the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) to become a global supervisor of regulators ; “ the pivot of a renewed international system ” is the blurry phrase used so as to minimise offence to the Americans .
Mr Brown has an even bolder agenda .
He calls for “ global governance ” ; wants the G20 to agree to a co-ordinated stimulus package ; and wants the IMF to become an international monitor of the global economy , operating “ an early warning system and a crisis prevention mechanism for the whole world ” .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
There are multiple reasons why the current economic crisis is so toxic , but one additional , ­aggravating factor is that it is unfolding five weeks away from a US election .
The disruptive effect of that was clear on Monday , when the US House of Representatives voted down President Bush 's bail - out plan — a function of both his dead - duck status and the fears of 228 Congressman seeking re-election next month .
The result is that the stakes in the contest between Barack Obama and John McCain , already stratospheric , have just got higher .
The winner will be charged with leading the world through this economic ­convulsion and steering us all to safety .
The current polls have Obama in front , but this contest could go either way .
Those of us on the outside will ­follow every twist ; it is a statement of the ­obvious that the entire world will be watching on November 4 .
But perhaps we should n't be .
At least if my email inbox is anything to go by , we should have only the scantest interest in the ongoing US election .
After all , it 's got nothing to do with us .
Or , as one emailer put it : " We are electing the President of the United States and the world can choke on it . "
His was one of a deluge of mainly hostile responses to a column that appeared here three weeks ago , arguing that the world 's verdict would be harsh if Americans chose McCain over Obama .
In their thousands , Americans wrote to tell me they read my words not as a simple prediction of the consequences of an American decision broadly to maintain the Bush - Cheney approach — but as some kind of threat .
I was not merely commenting on the US election , they said , but intervening in it , seeking to blackmail American voters with the threat of global ostracism ( as if I 'm in a position to issue such a threat ) .
The counterblasts featured all the usual themes familiar to any columnist or blogger who wades into this terrain .
America had saved Europe 's " ass " twice before — and we would doubtless come bleating for help again when we inevitably sought rescue from the Muslim hordes imposing sharia law on London , Paris and Berlin .
We can't defend ourselves , of course , because we are limp - wristed " Euroweenies " , effeminate socialists whose own decline robs us of the right to say anything about the United States , which remains the greatest nation on earth .
Britain specifically forfeited the right to meddle in US affairs more than two centuries ago , when it lost the War of Independence .
Besides , Obama is a Marxist , so Europe is welcome to him .
One Bill07407 managed to capture the flavour of this virtual avalanche — including the curiously homoerotic undercurrent that runs through much rightwing American invective — with this effort : " If you want Comrade Obama we will gladly ship him over after he loses in a landslide .
Meanwhile you can kiss my ass .
I bet you would enjoy it faggot . "
Equally reflective , this from bioguy777 : " I love it !
A pansy - ass limey Brit begs the US to do his bidding while his own country slips further towards total Islamic rule .
We 're electing McCain , and the rest of the world can piss up a rope if they do n't like it .
1776 , BITCH ! "
In among the abuse were three ­arguments that need addressing .
The first is that this election has nothing to do with those of us outside America ( so " butt out " ) .
The trouble is , it has plenty to do with us .
That has been true of every contest since 1945 , when the US emerged as the sole superpower in the democratic world .
But it has been undeniable since 2001 .
Take Britain .
Our soldiers have fought in two wars , Afghanistan and Iraq , that were wholly conceived and planned in Washington .
Sure , it was Tony Blair 's choice to take part in the invasion of Iraq , but that meant following a decision that had been made by an American president .
No one doubts that had George W Bush decided the other way , Britain would not have gone to war in 2003 .
If not blood , then treasure .
The financial crisis now devouring British banks bears a three - word stamp : " Made in America . "
It was the US fad for sub - prime loans , handing out money to would - be homeowners who were not creditworthy , that triggered the credit crunch and , with it , the current turmoil .
Yesterday President Bush acknowledged that its impact would be felt outside US borders when he sought to " assure our citizens and citizens around the world " .
Never was the hoary cliche truer : they sneeze and we catch a cold .
If war and economic meltdown are n't sufficiently persuasive , then how about a planetary emergency ?
The US is a first - rank contributor to the problem of climate change , responsible for a quarter of the world 's greenhouse gas emissions , despite having just 5 % of the world 's population .
But , as ­Thomas Friedman argues in his new book , Hot , Flat , and Crowded , the US is also indispensable to any solution .
Only a radical transformation of America 's approach to energy — generating it more cleanly and using less of it — could establish the kind of model and foster the technological innovation that would set a lead followed around the world .
So , Americans who say that since they do n't poke their nose into our domestic affairs we should stay out of theirs , are making a bogus comparison .
The battle of Brown v Cameron wo n't affect them .
But the battle of Obama v McCain will affect me and every other Briton , ­European and citizen of the world .
It could determine whether we are at peace or war , whether our ­economy thrives or enters a depression .
This is not a mayoral election in rural Bulgaria , a purely internal matter of interest only to the locals .
It damn well is our business .
What 's more , Americans would not have it any other way .
They like to define their president as the " leader of the free world " .
So why is it such a cheek if the free world shows some interest in who that leader will be ?
Americans , you can't have it both ways : either you 're the global superpower , in which case the world has a stake in your future direction , or you 're not .
But you can't act like ­America and expect to be treated like Liechtenstein : it does n't work that way .
The second charge to be defeated is that to talk like this is somehow anti-American .
The ­reverse is true .
For what is prompting non-Americans to follow the ­current election so closely is not just an acknowledgement that the US is the dominant force in international life , but a yearning for America to lead once more .
I saw that clearly in the crowd of 200,000 that greeted Obama in Berlin in July .
They wanted to feel about an American president the way their parents had felt about John F Kennedy , to be awed once more , as Bill Clinton puts it , by the power of America 's example , not the example of its power .
And , for most non-Americans , that means an end to unilateral wars and a moral lead on climate change — not a continuation of the past eight Republican years .
Lastly , those Americans who say they do n't give a " rat 's ass " what the rest of the world thinks are letting themselves and their country down .
America was never meant to be a closed , introverted nation , turning its back on the world .
It has always aimed to inspire the rest of us , to be a shining city on the hill .
In these autumn weeks , the world is ­looking to the city once more , hoping desperately that the light is not about to fade .
freedland@theguardian.com
First of all , any answer you get is going to be flawed , because we 're talking about growing hair over the course of eight months .
There are numbers that work for some people and not for others .
Second , if you were really concerned with how long your hair would be next year , why not let it grow until then and cut it to the length you want ?
Oh , and I 'm glad you clarified the human part .
I thought it was time to welcome our new alien overlords .
Kucinich , Kashkari Battle On the Hill
Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - Ohio ) is hammering away at Neel Kashkari , the man in charge of running the $ 700 billion government rescue / bailout plan at a hearing underway right now on Capitol Hill .
Kucinich , chair of a subcommittee of the House Oversight committee , is accusing Kashkari , Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson and President Bush of circumventing what Congress intended when approving the bailout .
Kucinich believes Paulson et al. do n't care about keeping homeowners in their homes .
" I assure you the secretary is passionate about this , " Kashkari said .
" Passionate about what ? " Kucinich said .
" About helping homeowners , " Kashkari replied .
" Where ? " Kucinich asked , sarcastically .
" What country ? "
" We are using all the tools available to ease the credit crises , " Kashkari said .
" Let me give you an example ... "
Kucinich interrupted Kashkari and continued his harangue .
" Maybe this is a game to some people in the administration .
They 're on their way out of office and they can do whatever they want , " said Kucinich who tried to launch impeachment proceedings against Bush .
" Meanwhile , people are hoping against hope " for help with their mortgages .
Kashkari tried to explain why the $ 700 billion was not used to buy troubled mortgages , but Kucinich would hear none of it .
" If we had spent all $ 700 billion buying loans , that would be around 3 million homes , " Kashkari said .
" Instead , if you look at the action we took with [ Fannie and Freddie ] to set a new standard for servicing mortgages , and other servicers around the country use those standards , those actions have the ability to service almost every loan in America -- that 's 55 million loans . "
Rep. Darrell Issa said : " You 're here today because Congress is convinced you played a bait - and - switch and you 're not doing anything to convince us otherwise . "
-- Frank Ahrens
The Ticker is Twittering !
: : : : : : : : : :
First , we have Martin Philbert , who is the chairman , on the committee that is expected to release their opinion this month on the safety of Bisphenol A .
This is the chemical used in items such as baby bottles , reusable food containers and plastic wraps .
Next , Martin Philbert is also the founder and co-director of University of Michigan Risk Science Center .
Now here ’s where the conflict begins .
A medical supply manufacturer , by the name of Charles Gelman , decides out of the goodness of his heart to give $ 5 million dollars to the research center .
His July donation is 50 times the annual budget of the research center .
Mind you this is the same manufacturer that is saying that Bisphenol A is safe .
Even though scientist who have published their research in the “ Journal of the American Medical Association , ” report that it is linked to cardiovascular disease and diabetes .
The National Toxicology Program concluded that there is “ some concern ” that fetuses , babies and children were in danger because bisphenol A , or BPA .
Some scientists suspect that exposure early in life disrupts hormones and alters genes , programming a fetus or child for breast or prostate cancer , premature female puberty , attention deficit disorders and other reproductive or neurological disorders .
Charles Gelman thinks that the worries about health risks posed by the chemical are exaggerated by “ mothers ’ groups and others who do n’t know the science . ”
The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel uncovered that , Philbert did not disclose the donation to the FDA , and that agency officials learned of it when reporters , Susanne Rust and Meg Kissinger asked about it .
This is the answer the FDA gave to Susanne and Meg .
Norris Alderson , the FDA ’s associate commissioner for science , looked into the matter and said he was satisfied that there was no conflict of interest because Philbert ’s salary is not paid by the donation .
No surprise at that response by the FDA .
The New York Times had a big problem with the conflict of interest and did an op -ed on the subject .
For an agency that claims to be rooting out conflicts of interest , the Food and Drug Administration has done a poor job of handling what looks like a potential conflict on a committee evaluating the safety of bisphenol - A , known as BPA .
That is an incredibly narrow definition of what might constitute a conflict .
( The NYT is referring to Philbert ’s salary not being paid by the donation . )
We are not challenging the integrity of Dr. Philbert , who told the Journal Sentinel that he was impartial and denied that the Gelman family had ever tried to influence his judgment .
We are certain that Dr. Philbert should have disclosed the contribution .
And we are certain that the F.D.A. ’s review of the matter needs to be a lot more rigorous and transparent .
The agency also must explain more fully how it will mitigate any possible conflict or else ask Dr. Philbert to step aside .
Consumers need to know that any decision on BPA is completely unbiased – and that the F.D.A. is , too .
I consider that a reprimand that is long overdue to the FDA on many issues .
Just nice to finally see it in print – thank you New York Times for a great op - ed .
If you hurry , you should still find a few bushels of local chiles here and there .
Grab what you can — at least a couple quarts — and do n’t worry about how glamorous they look ; some are bound to be shriveled and beginning to dry .
For this sauce recipe ( which comes from my husband ’s uncle , a painter from New Orleans who has lived in rural Mexico for the better part of 40 years ) it does n’t even matter what kind they are — though obviously the hotter the chiles the hotter the brew .
Once home with your stash , do n’t refrigerate them .
Green fruit will eventually turn red , orange , or yellow ; you can make sauce at any stage , but I do n’t like to mix ripe with unripe in the same batch .
We grow ring - of - fire cayenne , poblano , and jalapeño , and the bottle you see here includes a mixture of the three , all fully ripened .
I also make an all - green jalapeño that ’s herbaceous , with slightly bitter notes .
When you ’ve got 15 spare minutes and the color is where you want it , put on a pair of rubber gloves and get out the blender .
After you rinse the chiles , chop the stem off each ( I use scissors ) , get rid of any bad spots , and drop them into the container of the machine .
You can core them and clean out the seeds , but why bother ?
This stuff is going to be hot no matter what you do .
Pour in enough white vinegar to submerge the chiles , along with a handful of salt .
Puree until quite smooth .
Transfer the sauce to a pot and bring to a boil , stirring once or twice .
Seriously : at no time during either of these steps do you want your nose or eyes anywhere near the fumes that waft from these vessels .
Funnel the sauce into a clean jar or bottle and cool .
Then cover with a cloth napkin and let the mixture sit at room temperature for three days , undisturbed .
Carefully pour off all but a thin layer of the vinegar ( which true enthusiasts save for another use ) and refrigerate .
The sauce keeps for months ; you ’ll know if it goes off when it starts to ferment and get sort of effervescent .
But you ’ll use it all before then .
STOCK MARKET PERFORMANCE BY PARTY LAST HUNDRED YEARS !
The stock market OUTPERFORMS in years a DEMOCRAT is the President .
The average stock market gain under a DEMOCRATIC President is 140 % .
Under a Republican President it is 57 % .
Under President Bush the Dow Jones is down 19 % as of October 15 , 2008 !
12 % of the Dow Jones total gains or 1032 points came during REPUBLICAN TERMS .
7863 of the Dow Jones total gains or 88 % came during DEMOCRATIC TERMS .
SIGNIFICANT DOW RALLIES !
1933 to 1955 - DEMOCRATIC PRESIDENT .
Dow gained 435 %
1981 to 1993 - REPUBLICAN PRESIDENT .
Dow gained 241 %
1993 to 2001 - DEMOCRATIC PRESIDENT .
Dow gained 227 %
Sign up for a FREE TWO week ZERO obligation trial of BuySellShort.com !
Simply enter your E-mail address and click on Submit : [ BUYSELLSHORT LIVE CHAT ROOM , CLICK TO JOIN ]
Among those who have recently come under his sway is Miki Tomohiro , a 34 - year - old freelance writer from Fukutsu City , Fukuoka Prefecture .
" When I saw Mr Shii speaking , I felt as if he was exposing capitalism in its crudest form , " he said .
" I surfed the internet to find out more about the party before joining . "
Oomori Shuji , 30 , a temporary worker for Toyota , from Aichi Prefecture , who joined the party in June , added : " Since my graduation , I have never been fully employed .
At a JCP workshop , I learned about the realities of temps hired by the day and the working poor , who are without social security or bonuses , and are often easily fired .
SYDNEY ( Reuters ) - A bitter row has broken out between one of Sydney ’s largest tourist pubs and a family of five who accused chefs of serving human excrement in their gelato after they complained about noise during a football match .
Traffic drives past the front of the Coogee Bay Hotel in Sydney October 29 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Tim Wimborne
State government food minister Ian Macdonald confirmed on Wednesday that frozen fecal matter had been found in a serving of chocolate gelato offered to placate pub patron Steve Whyte and his wife Jessica , who became “ violently ill ” after eating it .
“ The stench went through my nostrils , I retched and spat it into the napkin , ” Jessica Whyte told the Daily Telegraph newspaper , recounting what local media are calling “ gelati- gate . ”
The tainted sweet was allegedly served up at the Coogee Bay Hotel , one of Sydney ’s largest and most popular beachfront hotels , located just a few minutes south of Bondi Beach .
The pub has denied serving excrement to the Whyte ’s after they complained they were unable to hear a televised football game due to loud music , with both the chef and restaurant manager volunteering for DNA tests to prove their innocence .
Both sides have accused the other of money seeking , with the Whyte ’s claiming they were offered A$ 5,000 ( $ 3,240 ) in hush money by pub General Manager Tony Williams , while they in turn were accused of trying to negotiate up to A $ 1 million in damages .
The argument over accusations of “ kitchen revenge ” has shocked Australians , leading into an expected searing , gelato - friendly summer , capturing national headlines for days .
Macdonald said DNA analysis would now be done to determine if the sample was of human or animal origin as police and food authorities investigate the case .
“ Obviously , we are keeping an open mind and do not want to pre-empt this investigation in any manner , ” he said .
The eastern Sydney hotel is standing by staff and on Tuesday said its own lab tests on the chocolate gelato tub had found no evidence of contamination .
( $ 1=A $ 1.54 )
Reuters
WHEN
The Economist asked academic economists in September which presidential candidate would pick the better economic team , a huge majority said Barack Obama .
He has not disappointed them .
The team he unveiled this past week is studded with stars of the profession .
Mr Obama 's policies may not be any more successful at combating the financial crisis and recession than those of George Bush .
But it does seem safe to say that economics will play a bigger part in the formation of those policies .
Three of the first four members of the team to be named are well - regarded PhD - holding economists and the fourth , Tim Geithner , the new treasury secretary , is a respected central banker ( he heads the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ) .
Only one of the four people they will replace shares a comparable background ( see chart ) .
They are not just any economists but among the best .
“ Their IQs are off the chart , ” gushes a former colleague of some of them .
Henry Kissinger supposedly once said every president should give Larry Summers an office in the White House .
On November 24th Mr Obama did .
As director of his National Economic Council ( NEC ) , Mr Summers “ will be by my side , playing the critical role of co-ordinating my administration 's economic policy ” .
It is a striking contrast with the outgoing administration , in which economists never had much clout .
Consider the Office of Management and Budget director , who as overseer of $ 3 trillion in federal spending plays a pivotal role in setting economic priorities .
Mr Bush has had four : one was a pharmaceuticals executive , one did government relations for an investment bank , and two were congressmen .
All four trained as lawyers .
Mr Obama 's nominee , Peter Orszag , the outgoing director of the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office , is a professional economist known for such page - turners as “ Saving Social Security ” , a 300 - page tome boasting 37 pages of footnotes and eight appendices .
Whether Mr Orszag will be tough enough with the red pencil , however , is something that his track - record does not tell us .
The team 's other striking feature is its centrism .
Mr Summers is on the conservative wing of Democratic economists .
As Mr Clinton 's treasury secretary he backed the law that in 1999 tore down barriers between commercial and investment banks and still backs it despite recent criticism .
Christina Romer , an economic historian from Berkeley , has just published a paper with her husband David showing how raising taxes retards growth .
Jason Furman , likely to be named as an aide to Mr Summers , outraged unions for his 2005 article , “ Wal - Mart : A Progressive Success Story ” .
One hedge - fund manager who , before the election , was terrified Mr Obama would usher in “ confiscatory ” tax policies breathed a sigh of relief .
“ No Robert Reichs , ” he said , a reference to the leftish adviser who was Mr Clinton 's labour secretary .
“ There 's no radicals in the whole cabinet that anyone can find . ”
Mr Obama 's backers , in fact , can with some justification feel betrayed by the presence of so many figures from the Clinton regime : Mr Summers and Mr Geithner served at the Treasury then , and Mr Orszag was on the NEC .
Moreover , many of them are protégés of Mr Clinton 's second treasury secretary , Robert Rubin , whose star has dimmed considerably as Citigroup , where he has been a senior executive since 1999 , has lurched from crisis to catastrophe .
Still , if Mr Obama is going to emulate the economic record of any predecessors , Mr Clinton is not a bad one to pick .
Hiring Mr Clinton 's team wo n't bring back that era's steady growth and low unemployment , but it does bring valuable experience of fighting financial crises .
Mr Summers and Mr Geithner were deeply involved in dealing with the disasters that befell Mexico , East Asia , Russia and Latin America during that time .
Mr Geithner has spent the past 15 months battling the current crisis , though so far with little success .
Their influence helps explain why Mr Obama wants a hefty fiscal stimulus to keep the economy from “ falling into a deflationary spiral ” .
Mr Summers had prominently called for “ significant , speedy and sustained ” fiscal stimulus .
Mr Obama says he has asked his team to come up with a two - year plan to raise employment by 2.5 m more than would otherwise be the case .
Reports suggest a price tag of $ 500 billion - $ 700 billion over two years .
The stimulus could include both aid to states , funding for public infrastructure and early implementation of Mr Obama 's promised $ 1,000 - per- family tax - credit .
It may also include health - care aid for the poor and uninsured — a down payment on one of Mr Obama 's more costly promises .
Mr Obama 's people will also be more willing to deploy the $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Programme to prop up the financial system ; they may even seek to enlarge it , and pursue some formal powers for taking over failing financial institutions .
Other issues they will have to tackle quickly include whether formally to guarantee the debts of the mortgage agencies , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac ; a moratorium on mortgage foreclosures ; reform of bankruptcy law to permit judges to rewrite mortgage contracts ; and reforming the financial regulatory system .
Though impressive enough on paper , it 's less clear how well Mr Obama 's picks will function as a team .
The NEC director is traditionally the honest broker of the economic team 's ideas .
Given his reputation as an intellectual bully , many wonder whether Mr Summers can play that role .
“ Larry clearly can't do that , and it's a waste of his talents , quite frankly , ” says a former colleague .
But that may sell Mr Summers short .
More than anything else , he relishes a spirited debate with worthy adversaries .
One of those is Mr Geithner , who first came to Mr Rubin 's attention by contradicting Mr Summers in a staff meeting .
Mr Geithner once described the Rubin Treasury as “ an open competition of ideas . ”
And Mr Summers will have no trouble standing up to Mr Obama 's skull - cracking chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel .
That said , too much competition of ideas can breed chaos , and Mr Obama may have increased the risk by creating yet another body .
On November 26th he said Paul Volcker , a former Federal Reserve chairman , would head his new Economic Recovery Advisory Board and Austan Goolsbee , his longest - serving economic adviser , would be its staff director .
The board seems to overlap with the three - member Council of Economic Advisers , which vets policy proposals for economic idiocy : Mr Goolsbee will also serve on that council .
Might too many economists spoil the recovery ?
Spaceflight Now +
Subscribe to Spaceflight Now Plus for access to our extensive video collections !
How do I sign up ?
Video archive
Two shuttles sighted
Stunning aerial views of shuttles Atlantis and Endeavour perched atop launch pads 39A and 39B on Sept. 20 .
Play | Hi-Def
Endeavour to the VAB
For its role as a rescue craft during the Hubble servicing mission and the scheduled November logistics run to the space station , Endeavour is moved to the Vehicle Assembly Building .
Play
STS - 125 : The mission
A detailed step - by - step preview of space shuttle Atlantis ' STS - 125 mission to extend the life and vision of the Hubble Space Telescope .
Play
STS - 125 : The EVAs
The lead spacewalk officer provides indepth explanations of the five EVAs to service Hubble during Atlantis ' flight .
Play
STS - 125 : The crew
The seven shuttle Atlantis astronauts hold a press conference one month before their planned launch to Hubble .
Play
STS - 125 : NASA leaders
The leaders of NASA 's Space Operations and Science directorates give their insights into the upcoming shuttle mission to the Hubble Space Telescope .
Play
STS - 125 : Shuttle boss
The head of NASA 's space shuttle program discusses the risks and plans for Atlantis ' trek to Hubble .
Play
The Hubble program
An overview of the Hubble Space Telescope program and the planning that has gone into the final servicing mission .
Play
Hubble 's future science
The new instruments to be installed into Hubble and the future science objectives for the observatory are previewed .
Play
Atlantis on the pad
Shuttle Atlantis makes the slow journey from the Vehicle Assembly Building to launch pad 39A for the STS - 125 mission to service Hubble .
Play
Meet the Hubble crew
Meet the crew launching on Atlantis ' STS - 125 mission to service the Hubble Space Telescope and learn how each became an astronaut in this special biography movie .
Play
Become a subscriber
More video
Soyuz blasts off with new station crew and tourist
BY WILLIAM HARWOOD
STORY WRITTEN FOR CBS NEWS " SPACE PLACE " & USED WITH PERMISSION
Posted : October 12 , 2008
A Russian Soyuz spacecraft rocketed into orbit and set off after the international space station Sunday , carrying two fresh crew members and a U.S. computer game designer who paid some $ 30 million for a chance to follow in his astronaut father 's footsteps .
Credit : Energia
Mounted on the same launch pad Yuri Gagarin used for the first manned spaceflight nearly five decades ago , the Soyuz TMA - 13 vehicle took off on time at 3:01:29 a.m. EDT ( 1:01:29 p.m. local time ) and quickly climbed away through a clear afternoon sky at the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan .
Nine minutes later , the capsule entered its planned preliminary orbit .
On board are Soyuz commander and Expedition 18 flight engineer Yury Lonchakov , Expedition 18 commander Mike Fincke and Richard Garriott , the sixth space tourist to book a flight to the international space station .
Garriott , the son of former Skylab and shuttle astronaut Owen Garriott , is the designer of a series of successful multiplayer computer games .
He said before launch " this price tag is the majority of my wealth . "
" The reason why it 's worth it to me is in many ways , this is the goal I 've been working towards for a significant portion of my adult life , " he said .
" ( My crewmates ) gave pursued this as their profession and invested their professional life in achieving this goal .
Though the path that has led me here has been quite different , I share with them the desire and joy and motivation to reach orbit . "
Television views from inside the Soyuz TMA - 13 capsule durirng the climb to space showed Garriott in the right seat , Lonchakov in the center and Fincke to his left .
All three appeared in good spirits , smiling and waving at the camera from time to time .
Lonchakov even fielded a few casual questions from mission control .
" How do you feel ? " a Russian space official asked as the ship accelerated toward space .
" Wonderful , " Lonchakov replied .
" How are your crewmates , to your left and to your right ? "
" They are absolutely great guys , " Lonchakov said .
" They are real space explorers . "
Fincke , Lonchakov and Garriott are scheduled to dock with the international space station around 4:30 a.m. Tuesday .
They will be welcomed aboard by Expedition 17 commander Sergey Volkov , flight engineer Oleg Kononenko and Gregory Chamitoff , a NASA astronaut .
Garriott will join Volkov and Kononenko for their trip back to Earth on Oct. 23 , using the Soyuz TMA - 12 spacecraft that carried the two cosmonauts into space last April .
Chamitoff , launched aboard the shuttle Discovery on May 31 , will remain aboard the station with Fincke and Lonchakov until late next month when the shuttle Endeavour delivers his replacement , astronaut Sandra Magnus .
Garriott , known as Lord British in his computer game Ultima , grew up near the Johnson Space Center in Houston and was disappointed when doctors told him poor vision would rule out any chance of joining the astronaut corps .
" That just set me on the path of saying wait a minute , you can't tell me no , " he said .
" Literally , throughout my entire professional career , I 've been investing in the privatization of space , everything from companies like Spacehab , which flew hardware on the shuttles , to a number of suborbital spaceplane companies down through Space Adventures , the company with which I 'm flying , helping to unlock the gates to private space travel .
" My father , he was not shocked at all to see me pursuing this .
In fact , he has helped put together some of those companies I 've invested in down through the years towards the privatization of space .
So I would like to believe , anyway , that I 've been a modest player in opening the doors to allow a broader cross section of citizens to be able to participate in activities like this . "
In a reversal of fortune , Owen Garriott , one of the first astronauts to make ham radio calls from space , will chat with his son using ham gear later in the mission .
" We 've worked quite hard together in preparation for my flight , " said Richard Garriott .
" He has been my chief scientist , helping me put together all my science and educational activities for orbit .
He will be at mission control in Moscow during my flight and so I 'll get a chance to speak with him directly via the VHF radio links every day as part of my daily planning .
" My father took the first ham radio to space with him on ( shuttle mission ) STS - 9 and made the first contact from space almost exactly 25 years ago .
So we did n't want to miss the opportunity to make the connection in reverse .
He was calling down from space to me 25 years ago and so he 's going to actually leave mission control to go to a ham radio facility specifically so that we can make that reverse contact from me to him . "
Garriott will spend about 10 days aboard the station before returning to Earth Oct. 23 .
Fincke Lonchakov and Chamitoff will turn their attention to preparing the station for the arrival of Endeavour around Nov. 16 .
Along with bringing Magnus to the station , Endeavour 's crew also plans to deliver a second space toilet , two astronaut sleep stations , a galley and two racks of processing gear designed to recycle urine and condensation to supplement station drinking supplies .
Up to this point , the station has primarily relied on the shuttle to deliver the bulk of the lab 's fresh water .
But the shuttle is scheduled to be retired in 2010 and on - board recycling is required .
If the equipment delivered aboard Endeavour works as planned , NASA and the Russians hope to increase the station 's crew size to six next year .
But it will take months to verify the system is , in fact , operating normally and producing pure water .
" Our biggest question now is to get our life support systems working so that we have enough for six people , " Fincke said .
" Right now , we 're running kind of a water deficit and it 's being supplemented by the shuttle .
Without the shuttle flying , we really have to manage our water , so our water racks are going to be really important to us so we can recycle a lot of our water .
That 's going to be key .
" We have a 90 - day test period to see if they 're going to actually be able to use that water .
That water is also going to be used not just for drinking and food preparation but also for oxygen generation , which is a key component in life support .
Because I think we 're all pretty much addicted to breathing ! "
Additional coverage for subscribers :
VIDEO : POST - LAUNCH INTERVIEW CLIPS PLAY
VIDEO : FOUR CAMERA REPLAYS OF THE LAUNCH PLAY
VIDEO : FULL LAUNCH EXPERIENCE FROM LIFTOFF TO ORBIT PLAY
VIDEO : SOYUZ ROCKET BLASTS OFF WITH EXPEDITION 18 PLAY
VIDEO : CROWD WELCOMES CREW AT THE LAUNCH PAD PLAY
VIDEO : CREW DEPARTS SITE 254 FOR LAUNCH PAD PLAY
VIDEO : ADDRESS FROM RUSSIAN STATE COMMISSION PLAY
VIDEO : CREW MEMBERS DON THEIR SOKOL SPACESUITS PLAY
VIDEO : LAUNCH MORNING TRADITIONS AT CREW QUARTERS PLAY
VIDEO : SOYUZ MOVED TO LAUNCH PAD FOR EXPEDITION 18 PLAY
VIDEO : INTERVIEW WITH ISS DEPUTY PROGRAM MANAGER PLAY
VIDEO : INTERVIEW WITH FLIGHT CREW OPS DIRECTOR PLAY
VIDEO : ASSEMBLY OF SOYUZ ROCKET COMPLETED PLAY
VIDEO : EXPEDITION 18 PRE - FLIGHT MISSION BRIEFING PLAY
VIDEO : ISS PROGRAM MANAGER UPDATES SOYUZ INVESTIGATION PLAY
VIDEO : ISS PROGRAM MANAGER DESCRIBES SARJ REPAIR PLAN PLAY
VIDEO : ISS PROGRAM MANAGER DISCUSSES RADIATOR DAMAGE PLAY
VIDEO : INTERVIEW WITH SPACE STATION'S EXPEDITION 17 CREW PLAY
VIDEO : ENDEAVOUR COMMANDER AND PILOT PRACTICE LANDINGS PLAY
VIDEO : AERIAL VIEWS OF ATLANTIS AND ENDEAVOUR PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ENDEAVOUR AT SUNRISE ON LAUNCH PAD 39B PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : AERIAL VIEWS OF ENDEAVOUR AFTER ROLLOUT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ENDEAVOUR ROLLS FROM VAB TO LAUNCH PAD PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : TIME - LAPSE MOVIE OF ARRIVAL AT PAD 39B PLAY
VIDEO : TIME - LAPSE MOVIE OF ENDEAVOUR LEAVING VAB PLAY
VIDEO : SHUTTLE HOISTED FOR ATTACHMENT TO TANK PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ENDEAVOUR'S DEPARTURE FROM HANGAR PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : TIME - LAPSE MOVIE OF ENDEAVOUR GOING VERTICAL PLAY
VIDEO : TIME - LAPSE MOVIE OF BEING HOISTED OFF TRANSPORTER PLAY
VIDEO : TIME - LAPSE MOVIE OF ENDEAVOUR MOVING TO VAB PLAY
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Say what you will about Ashton Kutcher — What Happens In Vegas , Guess Who , and the list goes on — but it ’s nice to see the guy ’s on the side of gay folk , and willing to drill down the entire notion of Proposition 8 so succinctly :
That in a country founded on the separation of church and state , we refuse to separate church and state .
( Oh , and the religious guy in the beginning is hell - a interesting too . )
The West Bank version of the adage " Give a man a fish … " appears to have been remodelled along far more sinister lines of late .
Instead , the prevalent attitude is to not only snatch the lion 's share for the benefit of the settlers , but also to kick the Palestinians while they 're down on their knees scrabbling to glean whatever morsels they can from what 's left .
The olive harvest is in full swing at the moment ; so too are the settlers ' clubs and the soldiers ' batons , as they do their level best to impede the farmers ' attempts to harvest their meagre crops the length and breadth of the Occupied Territories .
I went to the tiny hamlet of Izzmut this week , unhappily situated alongside the settlement of Elon Moreh , from whose borders emanate almost daily attacks by settlers hell bent on disrupting the proceedings .
" They come to attack us all the time , " a landowner named Saed told me .
" The other day they beat an old man who was working with his wife , resulting in his hand being broken .
We have 200 olive trees on the other side of their settlement , yet we can't go near them ; if we do , both the settlers and soldiers shoot at us , so we do n't even try to approach any more . "
He described how the situation has worsened with every passing year , and held little hope for the future of his village .
" There is nothing to discuss with the settlers , " he explained flatly , " since they want us out of here , full stop . "
He spoke of the frustration felt by the villagers and their children , whose safety was entirely at the mercy of largely - uncaring Israeli troops .
" If the army do come when we call for help , they always come too late , " he said ; the attackers are never brought to justice , leaving the locals little option but to defend themselves as best they can " with sticks and stones " .
A conservative estimate by the IDF put at 20 the number of violent clashes between settlers and farmers during the latest harvest .
While the true number is reported to be far higher , one settler I met on the road to Nablus claimed that most settlers have nothing but love for their fellow man – be they Jews , Palestinians or anyone else .
" In Karnei Shomron [ where I live ] , we have excellent relations with our Palestinian neighbours , " he assured me , blaming all settler violence on a handful of extremists .
He told me that , for his part , he got on famously with his Palestinian employees , though he was quick to assert that were any West Bank land to be handed over to the Palestinian Authority , " all of Israel would be in danger " .
He defended his decision to live in such a contentious area by pointing to the high level of schooling his children received , and the " lack of drug problems " that apparently dog Israeli cities on the right side of the Green Line .
I put it to him that his self - centred desire to give his children the best education meant effectively destroying the Palestinian society all around his settlement , thanks to the crippling network of checkpoints , Israeli - only roads and army bases that each settler community necessitated .
He replied simply , and obliquely , that security measures were essential to prevent terror attacks on Jews , believing " the hate between Israelis and Arabs will never end " .
Driving towards Nablus , it was clear that the measures taken by the army just to protect a handful of settlements will ensure that Palestinian resentment towards Israel continues unabated for years to come .
Approaching the Huwara checkpoint , hundreds of Palestinians were crushed like battery hens into metal pens , as indifferent - looking soldiers let them through the bottleneck turnstiles at a snail 's pace .
Nablus , one of the economic hubs of the West Bank , has been effectively sealed off from the rest of the region , thanks to the " necklace of settlements draped around it " , according to Care International 's policy adviser , with whom I was travelling .
The story was no different for the scores of smaller towns we passed during our journey , including Izzmut itself , which is almost entirely encircled by settler - only roads , with earth mounds and metal gates barring Palestinians from driving up even their own dirt tracks .
Compounding the ignominy of having been corralled into such prison - like surroundings , the abuse suffered during the utterly benign and inoffensive act of harvesting their olives only rubs salt into the locals ' wounds .
In the circumstances , it is amazing that fewer Palestinians take up arms to resist the incessant assaults on them and their property .
Bereft of adequate protection by the the IDF – the only security force allowed to operate in the area – and unable to fend off the wave after wave of settler attacks , that more Palestinians do n't take the law into their own hands is down simply to good fortune as far as ordinary Israelis are concerned .
The settlers are n't stupid ; they know that their relentless provocation will eventually push the Palestinians too far , and that once a retaliatory attack occurs , it will give the army carte blanche to clamp down even harder on the Palestinians , and turn even more of a blind eye to the expansion of Israeli settlements .
In the meantime , on the other side of Elon Moreh , the olive branches sag under the weight of their unpicked fruit , and the longer their owners are prevented from gathering in their crops , the further recede any chances of peaceful resolution to a never - ending war .
DIGG THIS
The current economic crisis is the inevitable consequence of what I call Hamilton ’s Curse in my new book of that name .
It is the legacy of Alexander Hamilton and his political , economic , and constitutional philosophy .
As George Will once wrote , Americans are fond of quoting Jefferson , but we live in Hamilton ’s country .
The great debate between Hamilton and Jefferson over the purpose of government , which animates American politics to this day , was very much about economic policy .
Hamilton was a compulsive statist who wanted to bring the corrupt British mercantilist system — the very system the American Revolution was fought to escape from — to America .
He fought fiercely for his program of corporate welfare , protectionist tariffs , public debt , pervasive taxation , and a central bank run by politicians and their appointees out of the nation ’s capital .
Jefferson and his followers opposed him every step of the way because they understood that Hamilton ’s agenda was totally destructive of liberty .
And unlike Hamilton , they took Adam Smith ’s warnings against economic interventionism seriously .
Hamilton complained to George Washington that " we need a government of more energy " and expressed disgust over " an excessive concern for liberty in public men " like Jefferson .
Hamilton " had perhaps the highest respect for government of any important American political thinker who ever lived , " wrote Hamilton biographer Clinton Rossiter .
Hamilton and his political compatriots , the Federalists , understood that a mercantilist empire is a very bad thing if you are on the paying end , as the colonists were .
But if you are on the receiving end , that ’s altogether different .
It ’s good to be the king , as Mel Brooks would say .
Hamilton was neither the inventor of capitalism in America nor " the prophet of the capitalist revolution in America , " as biographer Ron Chernow ludicrously asserts .
He was the instigator of " crony capitalism , " or government primarily for the benefit of the well - connected business class .
Far from advocating capitalism , Hamilton was " befogged in the mists of mercantilism " according to the great late nineteenth century sociologist William Graham Sumner .
The Curse of Government Debt
In a lengthy " report " to Congress on the topic of the public debt Hamilton said that " a national debt , if it is not excessive , will be to us a public blessing . "
He would spend the rest of his life politicking for excessive government spending — and debt .
The reason Hamilton gave for favoring a large public debt was not to finance any particular project , or to stabilize financial markets , but to combine the interests of the affluent people of the country — particularly business people — to the government .
As the owners of government bonds , he reasoned , they would forever support his agenda of higher taxes and bigger government .
( He condemned Jefferson ’s first inaugural address and its minimal government message as " the symptom of a pygmy mind . " )
No wonder one historian entitled his book on Hamilton " American Machiavelli . "
Wall Street financiers naturally took an immediate liking to Hamilton ’s idea , and became the financial cornerstone of the Federalist Party ( and later , the Whigs and Republicans ) .
When Hamilton engineered the nationalization of the states ’ debt as treasury secretary — something that was totally unnecessary since many states like Virginia had nearly paid off their war debts — the plan was to cash out much of the old debt at face value .
This immediately became public knowledge in New York City , but the news spread ever so slowly to the rest of the country .
Consequently , Hamilton ’s friends and supporters from New York City and New England went on a mad scramble down the eastern seaboard , purchasing bonds from hapless war veterans ( who had been paid in bonds ) for as little as two percent of par value .
Huge fortunes were made by these slick New York speculators .
Robert Morris pocketed a nifty $ 18 million .
John Quincy
Adams wrote to his father that the wealthiest Federalist lawyer in Massachusetts made a huge fortune with this caper .
Hamilton participated in this parade of plunder himself , but claimed that the profits he made were for his brother - in - law .
The link between Wall Street and the federal government was cemented into place later on , when investment banks took on the responsibility of marketing the government ’s bonds , which of course they still do to this day .
Thus , Wall Street investment bankers became inveterate lobbyists for any and all tax increases ( on the rest of the population , anyway ) to assure that their own principal and interest would be paid , and that they could promise their clients — the purchasers of government bonds — that the bonds were a good investment .
They were corrupt from the very beginning .
When Hamilton and George Washington led some 15,000 conscripts into Pennsylvania to enforce the hated whiskey tax , the purpose was not only to collect the tax and reassure bondholders , but also to send a message to any future tax resisters .
The volunteer officers who led the conscripts were mostly " from the ranks of the creditor aristocracy in the seaboard cities , " wrote Claude Bowers in Jefferson and Hamilton .
( The rebellion succeeded , nevertheless .
George Washington pardoned all of the tax protesters despite Hamilton ’s hysterical opposition and his desire to hang all of them . )
James Madison remarked that this episode revealed Hamilton ’s agenda of " the glories of a United States woven together by a system of tax collectors . "
Douglas Adair , an editor of The Federalist Papers , wrote that " with devious brilliance , Hamilton set out , by a program of class legislation , to unite the propertied interests of the eastern seaboard into a cohesive administration party . "
He also " transformed every financial transaction of the Treasury Department into an orgy of speculation and graft in which selected senators , congressmen , and certain of their richer constituents . . . participated . "
If this sounds familiar it is because the political descendants of these eighteenth - century " propertied interests " are today ’s benefactors of the Wall Street Plutocrat / D.C. Political Class $ 700 Billion Bailout Bill of 2008 .
When Hamilton ’s Federalist Party consolidated its power during the Adams administration , government spending and debt skyrocketed .
Citizens were prohibited to criticize it , however , thanks to the Sedition Act that outlawed free political speech .
The national debt was so large that 80 percent of the government ’s annual expenditures were needed to service the debt .
This was exactly what Hamilton wanted .
As John C. Miller , author of The Federalist Era , wrote , Hamilton ’s main objective was " concentrating economic and political power in the Federal government , " even if it meant destabilizing the entire nation ’s economy .
The Founding Father of Central Banking
Hamilton is also considered to be the founding father of central banking since America ’s first central bank , the Bank of the United States ( BUS ) , existed primarily due to his efforts as Treasury Secretary .
As William Graham Sumner wrote in his biography of Hamilton , however , " [ A ] national bank . . . was not essential to the work of the Federal Government . "
The real purpose of Hamilton ’s bank , Sumner believed , was " the interweaving of the interests of wealthy men with those of their government . "
And interweave it did , providing cheap credit to business supporters of the Federalist Party , attempting to engineer boom - and - bust cycles to influence elections ( called " political business cycles " in today ’s parlance ) and even financing the political campaigns of BUS supporters .
The BUS was a disaster for the general public , however ; excessive money creating by the BUS printing press caused 72 percent inflation in its first five years , from 1791 to 1796 .
It became so unpopular that its twenty - year charter was not renewed , but then the War of 1812 gave it a new life , and it was resurrected in 1817 .
It immediately caused the Panic of 1819 , and did what all central banks have always done : generated boom - and - bust cycles for the next twenty years .
The bursting of the housing bubble in our time is the latest example of this hoary tradition .
Hamilton ’s BUS was de-funded by President Andrew Jackson , and then a version of it was resurrected once again in 1863 by the neo-Hamiltonian Lincoln administration with several National Currency Acts .
This , and other interventions of that period ( 50 percent average tariff rates , massive corporate welfare for the railroad industry , income taxation , pervasive excise taxation ) , led historian Leonard Curry to observe in his book , Blueprint for Modern America : Nonmilitary Legislation of the First Civil War Congress , that the interventions " ushered in four decades of neo -Hamiltonianism : government for the benefit of the privileged few . "
The record of Hamiltonian central banking from that time until the Fed was created in 1913 was summarized in a scholarly paper by economists Michael Bordo , Anna Schwartz and Peter Rappaport : " monetary and cyclical instability , four banking panics , frequent stock market crashes , and other financial disturbances . "
The Wall Street elite ’s response to all this central bank - induced monetary instability was even more centralized banking with the creation of the Federal Reserve Board .
It may have meant instability to the ordinary citizens , but was the source of great riches to the banking industry and other members of the politically well - connected class .
Sound familiar ?
Things have not changed at all to this day .
A recent Fed publication entitled " A History of Central Banking in the United States " proudly boasts that " the Federal Reserve has similarities to the country ’s first attempt at central banking , and in that regard it owes an intellectual debt to Alexander Hamilton " who , the Fed says , " sounded like a modern - day Fed chairman . "
When Jefferson and his followers fiercely opposed Hamiltonian statism they were fighting to avoid bringing the rotten , corrupt , and economically - impoverishing system of British mercantilism to America .
They understood what Adam Smith wrote in The Wealth of Nations , which was a harsh condemnation of British mercantilism as both corrupt and impoverishing .
Indeed , many of these men ( or their ancestors ) came to America in the first place to escape from that very system .
Hamilton mocked Adam Smith just as he mocked Jefferson ’s " pygmy mind " and his " excessive concern for liberty . "
It may have taken several generations , but that system of " crony capitalism " or " government for the benefit of the privileged few " has been cemented into place for quite some time now .
The politically incestuous relation between the banking and finance industries and government is the sole cause of the current economic crisis , particularly the boom - and - bust cycle caused by the Fed and the system of fractional reserve banking ( i.e. , lending money that you do n’t have ) that it administers .
Hamilton ’s Curse is plaguing America once again .
The Best of Thomas DiLorenzo
Pirates are holding the MV Faina off the town of Harardhere Somali pirates holding a ship full of military hardware have reached a deal with its Ukrainian owners to let it go , reports say .
Gunmen seized the Kenya - bound MV Faina , carrying 33 tanks , grenade launchers and ammunition , on 24 September .
A pirate spokesman said releasing the ship was " a matter of time " but gave no details of a ransom payment .
A spokesman for the ship 's Ukrainian owner reportedly said the release could happen within a week .
Attacks by Somali pirates have escalated sharply in recent months , causing international concern .
Last month they seized a Saudi oil tanker , the Sirius Star , carrying oil worth more than $ 100 m ( £ 65 m ) .
Negotiations are currently under way for the release of the vessel and its 25 - man crew .
' Technicalities ' SOMALIA PIRACY 92 attacks this year - most in the Gulf of Aden 36 successful hijackings 14 ships currently held , including the MV Faina carrying tanks 268 crew held hostage Source : International Maritime Bureau , 2008
Q&A : Somalia piracy
The MV Faina , currently anchored off the pirate hub of Harardhere , has a mostly Ukrainian crew of 21 .
Pirates had initially demanded a ransom of $ 20 m .
" It is just a matter of time and a few technicalities before the ship recovers its freedom , " French news agency AFP quoted Sugule Ali speaking on behalf of the pirates .
" I can't tell you what the ransom is but what can I say is that an agreement has finally been reached , " he added .
Mikhail Voitenko , said to be a spokesman for ship owner Vadim Alperin , was quoted by the Associated Press news agency as saying : " The owner has confirmed there is every reason to hope that it will be released in the coming week . "
A Kenyan maritime official confirmed the deal and said the two sides were now " discussing the modalities of releasing the ship , crew and cargo " .
Kenya says the arms are destined for its military , rejecting reports they were bound for the government of semi-autonomous southern Sudan .
Somalia has not had an effective national government for 17 years , leading to a collapse of law and order both on land and at sea .
Pirates there are currently holding more than a dozen hijacked ships .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SALT LAKE CITY —
Utah ’s growing tourism industry and the star - studded Sundance Film Festival are being targeted for a boycott by bloggers , gay rights activists and others seeking to punish the Mormon church for its aggressive promotion of California ’s ban on gay marriage .
It could be a heavy price to pay .
Tourism brings in $ 6 billion a year to Utah , with world - class skiing , the spectacular red rock country and the film festival founded by Robert Redford among the state ’s popular tourist draws .
“ At a fundamental level , the Utah Mormons crossed the line on this one , ” said gay rights activist John Aravosis , an influential Washington , D.C - based blogger .
“ They just took marriage away from 20,000 couples and made their children bastards .
You do n’t do that and get away with it . ”
Salt Lake City is the world headquarters for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints , which counts about 62 percent of Utah residents as members .
The church encouraged its members to work to pass California ’s Proposition 8 by volunteering their time and money for the campaign .
Thousands of Mormons worked as grassroots volunteers and gave tens of millions of dollars to the campaign .
The ballot measure passed Tuesday .
It amends the California Constitution to define marriage as a heterosexual act , overriding a state Supreme Court ruling that briefly gave same - sex couples the right to wed .
The backlash against the church — and by extension Utah — has been immediate .
Protests erupted outside Mormon temples , Facebook groups formed telling people to boycott Utah and Web sites such as mormonsstoleourrights.com began popping up , calling for an end to the church ’s tax - exempt status .
Aravosis is the editor of the popular political blog , americablog.com , which has about 900,000 unique monthly visitors .
He ’s calling for skiers to choose any state but Utah and for Hollywood actors and directors to pull out of the Sundance Film Festival .
Other bloggers and readers have responded to his call .
“ There ’s a movement afoot and large donors are involved who are very interested in organizing a campaign , because I do not believe in frivolous boycotts , ” said Aravosis , who has helped organize boycotts against Dr. Laura ’s television show , Microsoft and Ford over gay rights issues .
“ The main focus is going to be going after the Utah brand .
At this point , honestly , we ’re going to destroy the Utah brand .
It is a hate state . ”
Messages left with a Sundance spokeswoman Thursday and Friday were not immediately returned .
Leigh von der Esch , managing director of the Utah Office of Tourism , said she ’s aware that there ’s been discussion of a boycott , but her office had n’t received any calls about it Thursday .
State offices are closed Friday .
“ We ’re respectful of both sides of the equation and realize it ’s an emotional issue , but we are here promoting what we think is the best state in the country , ” she said .
The irony in the attack on Utah ’s tourism industry is that it would likely do the most harm in Salt Lake City and Park City — two of the state ’s most liberal cities and those with some of the smallest percentages of Mormons in the state .
“ Even though Salt Lake City is the location of the headquarters of the LDS church , there are really good people here … in Utah that are sympathetic to our cause , ” said Scott McCoy , an openly gay state senator from Salt Lake City .
“ Rather than a boycott , I would rather have every gay person in the country come to Utah and show the people of Utah what genuine wonderful people and families we have , and to help educate them that we deserve the exact same legal rights and protections they and their families are afforded under the law . ”
What kind of economic , religious or political impact , if any , a boycott might have is unclear .
The Mormon church has members all over the world and no plans to change its stance on gay marriage .
A message left with a church spokeswoman Friday was not immediately returned .
It issued a statement following Tuesday ’s vote calling for civility in the wake of the results .
“ Such an emotionally charged issue concerning the most personal and cherished aspects of life — family , identity , intimacy and equality — stirs fervent and deep feelings , ” the statement says in part .
“ No one on any side of the question should be vilified , intimidated , harassed or subject to erroneous information . ”
Bob Malone , CEO and president of the Park City Chamber of Commerce and Visitors Bureau , said he worked in Colorado in the early 1990s when it was targeted for a boycott following a law that prohibited cities from enacting protective legislation for gays and lesbians .
“ You know , it had some legs at the very beginning .
But it ’s one of those things when you do n’t know when it starts and when it ends because you really can’t measure it , ” he said .
Malone , who serves on the state tourism board , said it is unfair to try to punish certain industries or parts of the state over an issue it had nothing to do with .
“ It ’s really not a Park City thing , and I do n’t see it as a state thing .
That was more of a religious issue , ” he said .
“ To sweep people in who really have nothing to do with that issue and have no influence over religious issues — it ’s sad that people kind of think that and say , ‘ We ’re going to bury you . ’
It ’s sad to hear people talk like that . ”
— ——
On the Net :
www.lds.org
www.americablog.org
festival.sundance.org/2009 /
www.utah.travel
Travis Barker Says Goodbye to MTV's TRL
If you watched the last episode of MTV's Total Request Live last night then you were in for a treat .
Former Blink 182 drummerphoned in and spoke with
Barker , who sounded tired and a little slower than normal , said " I feel better every day " and thanked his fans for all of their support during this healing time .
Travis and DJ AM were the only two survivors in a plane crash on September 19th that killed 4 other people .
Barker spent a month in the hospital after suffering severe burns .
Barker is getting back into the groove and has been in the studio working .
Asked about his return to playing the drums , he said , " It was like riding a bike .
It was really exciting to know I still had my chops . "
We are excited that Travis is doing so well and can't wait to see what he has been working on .
If you care what I think , you know that Twitter is just about the best way to learn what I ’m paying attention to .
I pass along tidbits of O’Reilly news , interesting reading from mailing lists and blogs I follow , and of course , tidbits from the twitterers I ’m following .
These are all the things I could never find time to put on my blog , but that I spray via email like a firehose at editors , conference planners , and researchers within O’Reilly .
A lot of my job is , as we say , “ redistributing the future ” – following interesting people , and passing on what I learn to others .
And twitter is an awesome tool for doing just that .
Like a lot of people , I tried out Twitter early on , but did n’t stick to it .
Most of the early twitter conversation was personal , and I did n’t have time for it .
I came back when I noticed that about 5000 people were following my non-existent updates , waiting for me to say something .
With that many listeners , I thought I ’d better oblige .
( There are now close to 16,000 . )
I soon realized that Twitter has grown up to become a critical business tool , ideal for following the latest news , tracking the ideas and whereabouts of people who will shape the future of technology , and sharing my own thoughts and attention stream .
I thought I should outline here some of the specific things I find so compelling about Twitter , with suggestions about architectural features to be emulated by other internet services .
Twitter is simple .
Twitter does one small thing , and does it well .
Folks like Robert Scoble sing the praises of Friendfeed , which you could think of as twitter ++.
After all , it ’s got comments and aggregation of data from multiple services .
But despite its powerful premise , Friendfeed has n’t dented Twitter ’s growth .
Personally , I do n’t have time to wade through the comments ; for me , Twitter is about quick hits , not about extended discussion .
And while I love the promise of service aggregation , I tend to think that trying to marry it to commenting obscures its potential .
Less is more .
New services like peoplebrowsr are reframing service aggregation in a richer way , as a way of learning more about the people you follow , browsing the social graph .
( Peoplebrowsr is still in alpha , but I think it has real potential as a social graph explorer , rather than as yet another people feed - reader . )
Twitter works like people do .
If I ’m interested in someone , I do n’t have to ask their permission to follow them .
I do n’t have to ask if they will be my friend : that is something that evolves naturally over time .
If you ’re a public figure like I am , the metaphor of mutual “ friending ” is truly broken .
I get tens of thousands of friend requests from people I do n’t know .
Accepting would make it impossible for me to use a social tool to keep in touch with my real friends .
Friend groups do n’t really help .
Twitter ’s brilliant social architecture means that anyone can follow me , and I can follow anyone else ( unless they want to keep their updates private . )
Gradually , through repeated contact , we become friends .
@ replies that can only be seen by people followed by both parties to a conversation create a natural kind of social grouping , as well as social group extensibility , as I gradually get more and more visibility into new people that my friends already know .
Meanwhile , truly private direct messages are also supported .
I do n’t know who first used the term “ ambient intimacy ” but it ’s a great description of what begins to happen on Twitter .
I know not just what people are thinking about or reading , but enough about what they are doing that our relationship deepens , just like real - world friendships .
People who follow me on Twitter learn that I ’m making jam or pies , or gardening or riding my bike or feeding the horses , things that I ’d never ( or rarely , since I ’m doing it here ) share on my blog .
I know a lot more about many of my professional contacts that makes them more into friends .
And in the case of my family , who keep their updates private and visible only to a limited group of real friends , we can keep in touch in small ways that mean a lot .
I get special moments of my wife or daughters ’ day that we might not have shared otherwise .
It ’s truly lovely .
Twitter cooperates well with others .
Rather than loading itself down with features , it lets others extend its reach .
There are dozens of powerful third - party interface programs ; there are hundreds of add - on sites and tools .
Twitter even lets competitors ( like FriendFeed or Facebook ) slurp its content into their services .
But instead of strengthening them , it seems to strengthen Twitter .
It ’s the new version of embrace and extend : inject and take over .
( Scoble recently noticed that 60 % + of his friends ’ updates on Facebook actually came from twitter .
And as John Battelle noted in a recent tweet , “ I noticed now that my FBook status is updated with Twitter , I get responses in Fbook , but would like to see them here . ”
It might seem like a strength for Facebook to allow Twitter to update its status feed , but not the other way around , but I think Facebook will one day realize that Twitter has taken them over …. )
Twitter transcends the web .
Like all of the key internet services today , Twitter is equally at home on the mobile phone .
Even on the PC , I find myself using a separate client ( Twhirl is an Adobe Air program ) that provides a rich , alternate interface .
Twitter is user - extensible .
The @syntax for referring to users , hashtags , and whatever you call the use of $ as a special symbol for reference to financial instruments , were all user - generated innovations that , because of Twitter ’s simplicity , allowed for third party services to be layered not just on the API , but on the content .
Twitter evolves quickly .
Perhaps because its features are so minimal , new user behaviors seem to propagate across Twitter really quickly .
It ’s a bit like the reason that fruit flies are used for genetic research : the short lifespan compresses the time for mutations to take hold .
Perhaps a better analogy would be the speed of cultural evolution among humans compared to biological evolution .
The most fascinating evolution happening on Twitter is n’t an evolution of the software , but an evolution in user behavior and in the types of data that are being shared .
I saw this myself with retweeting , a behavior I picked up not from Twitter itself but from twhirl , the Twitter client I use .
Because Twhirl actually has a button for retweeting , it seemed the most natural thing in the world to do it .
I became one of the most prolific retweeters , figuring that I have more followers than most of the people I know , and that it would be good form to pass on the best of what they post .
But it ’s fascinating to see the growth of retweeting by others , even those not using twhirl .
In many ways , Twitter is a re-incarnation of the old Unix philosophy of simple , cooperating tools .
The essence of Twitter is its constraints , the things it does n’t do , and the way that its core services are n’t bound to a particular interface .
It strikes me that many of the programs that become enduring platforms have these same characteristics .
Few people use the old TCP / IP - based applications like telnet and ftp any more , but TCP / IP itself is ubiquitous .
No one uses the mail program any more , but all of us still use email .
No one uses Tim Berners - Lee ’s original web server and browser any more .
Both were superseded by independent programs that used his core innovations : http and html .
What ’s different , of course , is that Twitter is n’t just a protocol .
It ’s also a database .
And that ’s the old secret of Web 2.0 , Data is the Intel Inside .
That means that they can let go of controlling the interface .
The more other people build on Twitter , the better their position becomes .
There ’s a real lesson to Facebook here about giving other services ( like Twitter ) access to their social graph .
They have the best one going , but because they try to keep users coming back to their interface , and even the applications built on their service have to live in Facebook , they end up as a ghetto rather than a true internet service .
It ’s the data , not the interface !
Let other people use your data , build on it , and it will still belong to you .
Hold it too tight , and they will compete with it .
Lots more to say , but the beach is calling on this sunny Saturday .
Sarah Palin is a registered Republican .
Her husband and her oldest son are also registered voters in Alaska , yet not registered members of any political party .
Thanks to Bill Van Allen for this news .
Index
Haskell Communities and Activities Report
Fifteenth edition – November 2008
Janis Voigtländer ( ed. )
Peter Achten
Alfonso Acosta
Andy Adams - Moran
Lloyd Allison
Tiago Miguel Laureano Alves
Krasimir Angelov
Apfelmus
Emil Axelsson
Arthur Baars
Sengan Baring - Gould
Justin Bailey
Alistair Bayley
Jean - Philippe Bernardy
Clifford Beshers
Gwern Branwen
Joachim Breitner
Niklas Broberg
Bjorn Buckwalter
Denis Bueno
Andrew Butterfield
Roman Cheplyaka
Olaf Chitil
Jan Christiansen
Sterling Clover
Duncan Coutts
Jacome Cunha
Nils Anders Danielsson
Atze Dijkstra
Robert Dockins
Chris Eidhof
Conal Elliott
Henrique Ferreiro Garcia
Sebastian Fischer
Leif Frenzel
Nicolas Frisby
Richard A. Frost
Peter Gavin
Andy Gill
George Giorgidze
Dimitry Golubovsky
Daniel Gorin
Jurriaan Hage
Bastiaan Heeren
Aycan Irican
Judah Jacobson
Wolfgang Jeltsch
Kevin Hammond
Enzo Haussecker
Christopher Lane Hinson
Guillaume Hoffmann
Martin Hofmann
Liyang HU
Paul Hudak
Graham Hutton
Wolfram Kahl
Garrin Kimmell
Oleg Kiselyov
Farid Karimipour
Edward Kmett
Lennart Kolmodin
Slawomir Kolodynski
Michal Konecny
Eric Kow
Stephen Lavelle
Sean Leather
Huiqing Li
Bas Lijnse
Ben Lippmeier
Andres Löh
Rita Loogen
Ian Lynagh
John MacFarlane
Christian Maeder
Jose Pedro Magalhães
Ketil Malde
Blazevic Mario
Simon Marlow
Michael Marte
Bart Massey
Simon Michael
Arie Middelkoop
Ivan Lazar Miljenovic
Neil Mitchell
Maarten de Mol
Dino Morelli
Matthew Naylor
Jürgen Nicklisch - Franken
Rishiyur Nikhil
Thomas van Noort
Jeremy O’Donoghue
Bryan O’Sullivan
Patrick O. Perry
Jens Petersen
Simon Peyton Jones
Dan Popa
Fabian Reck
Claus Reinke
Alexey Rodriguez
Alberto Ruiz
David Sabel
Matthew Sackman
Uwe Schmidt
Tom Schrijvers
Paulo Silva
Ben Sinclair
Ganesh Sittampalam
Jim Snow
Dominic Steinitz
Don Stewart
Jon Strait
Martin Sulzmann
Doaitse Swierstra
Wouter Swierstra
Hans van
Thiel
Henning Thielemann
Phil Trinder
Jared Updike
Marcos Viera
Miguel Vilaca
Janis Voigtländer
Edsko de Vries
David Waern
Jinjing Wang
Malcolm Wallace
Eelis van der Weegen
Ashley Yakeley
Brent Yorgey
Preface
This is the 15th edition of the Haskell Communities and Activities Report .
There are interesting news on the implementation front , new analysis and transformation tools , many fresh projects , and new developments in established ones .
Generic programming is one field that has seen a lot of activity , and you will no doubt identify other recent trends as you go through the report .
As usual , entries that are completely new ( or have been revived after having disappeared temporarily ) are formatted using a blue background .
Updated entries have a header with a blue background .
In most cases of entries that have not been changed for a year or longer , these have been dropped .
Please do revive them if you have news on them for the next report .
The next report will be compiled in half a year .
More details around May — watch the mailing lists for announcements .
But now enjoy the report and see what other Haskellers have been up to lately .
Any kind of feedback is of course very welcome < hcar at haskell.org >.
Janis Voigtländer , Technische Universität Dresden , Germany
1 General
1.1 HaskellWiki and haskell.org Report by : Ashley Yakeley Participants : John Peterson , Olaf Chitil HaskellWiki is a MediaWiki installation running on haskell.org , including the haskell.org “ front page ” .
Anyone can create an account and edit and create pages .
Examples of content include : Documentation of the language and libraries
Explanation of common idioms
Suggestions and proposals for improvement of the language and libraries
Description of Haskell - related projects
News and notices of upcoming events
We encourage people to create pages to describe and advertise their own Haskell projects , as well as add to and improve the existing content .
All content is submitted and available under a “ simple permissive ” license ( except for a few legacy pages ) .
In addition to HaskellWiki , the haskell.org website hosts some ordinary HTTP directories .
The machine also hosts mailing lists .
There is plenty of space and processing power for just about anything that people would want to do there : if you have an idea for which HaskellWiki is insufficient , contact the maintainers , John Peterson and Olaf Chitil , to get access to this machine .
Further reading http://haskell.org/
http://haskell.org/haskellwiki/Mailing_Lists
1.2 #haskell Report by : Don Stewart
The #haskell IRC channel is a real - time text chat where anyone can join to discuss Haskell .
It is one of the largest channels on freenode .
The irc channel is home to hpaste and lambdabot ( →6.12.2 ) , two useful Haskell bots .
Point your IRC client to irc.freenode.net and join the #haskell conversation !
For non-English conversations about Haskell there are now : # haskell.de — German speakers
— German speakers # haskell .dut —
Dutch speakers
— Dutch speakers # haskell.es —
Spanish speakers
— Spanish speakers # haskell .fi — Finnish speakers
— Finnish speakers # haskell.fr — French speakers
— French speakers # haskell.hr — Croatian speakers
— Croatian speakers #haskell .
it — Italian speakers
— Italian speakers # haskell.jp — Japanese speakers
— Japanese speakers #haskell .no — Norwegian speakers
— Norwegian speakers # haskell_ru — Russian speakers
— Russian speakers # haskell.se —
Swedish speakers Related Haskell channels are now emerging , including : #haskell - overflow — Overflow conversations
— Overflow conversations #haskell - blah — Haskell people talking about anything except Haskell itself
— Haskell people talking about anything except Haskell itself # gentoo - haskell — Gentoo / Linux specific Haskell conversations ( →2.9.1 )
— Gentoo / Linux specific Haskell conversations ( →2.9.1 ) #haskell - books — Authors organizing the collaborative writing of the Haskell Wikibook ( →1.5.3 )
— Authors organizing the collaborative writing of the Haskell Wikibook ( →1.5.3 ) #darcs — Darcs revision control channel ( →6.1.1 )
— Darcs revision control channel ( →6.1.1 ) # ghc — GHC developer discussion ( →2.1 )
— GHC developer discussion ( →2.1 ) #happs — HAppS Haskell Application Server channel
— HAppS Haskell Application Server channel #xmonad — XMonad , a tiling window manager ( →6.1.2 ) Related Haskell channels are now emerging , including : Further reading http://haskell.org/haskellwiki/IRC_channel
1.3 The Monad .
Reader Report by : Wouter Swierstra
There are plenty of academic papers about Haskell and plenty of informative pages on the HaskellWiki ( → 1.1 ) .
Unfortunately , there is not much between the two extremes .
That is where The Monad .
Reader tries to fit in : more formal than a Wiki page , but more casual than a journal article .
There are plenty of interesting ideas that maybe do not warrant an academic publication — but that does not mean these ideas are not worth writing about !
Communicating ideas to a wide audience is much more important than concealing them in some esoteric journal .
Even if it has all been done before in the Journal of Impossibly Complicated Theoretical Stuff , explaining a neat idea about “ warm fuzzy things ” to the rest of us can still be plain fun .
The Monad .
Reader is also a great place to write about a tool or application that deserves more attention .
Most programmers do not enjoy writing manuals ; writing a tutorial for The Monad .
Reader , however , is an excellent way to put your code in the limelight and reach hundreds of potential users .
Since last year , I have moved a lot of old articles from the old MoinMoin wiki to the new MediaWiki wiki .
Unfortunately , I do not have the time to reformat all the old articles .
If you fancy a go at tidying an article or two , I would really appreciate your help !
I am always interested in new submissions , whether you are an established researcher or fledgling Haskell programmer .
Check out the Monad .
Reader homepage for all the information you need to start writing your article .
Further reading http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/The_Monad.Reader
1.4 Haskell Weekly News Report by : Don Stewart The Haskell Weekly News ( HWN ) is an irregular newsletter covering developments in Haskell .
Content includes announcements of new projects , jobs , discussions from the various Haskell communities , notable project commit messages , Haskell in the blogspace , and more .
The Haskell Weekly News also publishes latest releases uploaded to Hackage .
It is published in html form on The Haskell Sequence , via mail on the Haskell mailing list , on Planet Haskell , and via RSS .
Headlines are published on haskell.org ( →1.1 ) .
Further reading http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Haskell_Weekly_News
1.5 Books and tutorials
1.5.1 Programming in Haskell Report by : Graham Hutton Haskell is one of the leading languages for teaching functional programming , enabling students to write simpler and cleaner code , and to learn how to structure and reason about programs .
This introduction is ideal for beginners : it requires no previous programming experience and all concepts are explained from first principles via carefully chosen examples .
Each chapter includes exercises that range from the straightforward to extended projects , plus suggestions for further reading on more advanced topics .
The presentation is clear and simple , and benefits from having been refined and class - tested over several years .
Features include : freely accessible powerpoint slides for each chapter ; solutions to exercises , and examination questions ( with solutions ) available to instructors ; downloadable code that is compliant with the latest Haskell release .
Publication details : Published by Cambridge University Press , 2007 .
Paperback : ISBN 0521692695 ; Hardback : ISBN : 0521871727 ; eBook : ISBN 051129218X ; Kindle : ASIN B001FSKE6Q .
In - depth review : Duncan Coutts , The Monad .
Reader ( →1.3 ) , http://www.haskell.org/sitewiki/images/0/03/TMR-Issue7.pdf
Further reading http://www.cs.nott.ac.uk/~gmh/book.html
The book “ Real World Haskell ” about the practical application of Haskell to everyday programming problems has been published in November 2008 by O’Reilly .
Our intended audience is programmers with no background in functional languages .
We explore a diverse set of topics , among which are the following .
Basics of Haskell and functional programming
Developing software using standard tools like GHC and the Cabal packaging system
Code coverage , quality assurance , and performance analysis
Putting theory to work : working with and creating monoids , normal and applicative functors , monads , and monad transformers
Applied topics : databases , filesystems , GUI programming , web and other network clients , web servers
Concurrent , parallel , and transactional programming
Error handling in pure and impure code
Interfacing to C libraries
Many case studies and runnable code examples
We are excited to be publishing the book under a Creative Commons License .
We are excited to be publishing the book under a Creative Commons License .
Further reading http://book.realworldhaskell.org/
1.5.3 Haskell Wikibook Report by : Apfelmus Participants : Eric Kow , David House , Joeri van Eekelen , and other contributors Status : active development
The goal of the Haskell wikibook project is to build a community textbook about Haskell that is at once free ( as in freedom and in beer ) , gentle , and comprehensive .
We think that the many marvelous ideas of lazy functional programming can and thus should be accessible to everyone in a central place .
Recently , the wikibook has been advancing rather slowly .
The rewrite of the Monad chapters is still in progress and material about lazy evaluation is still being written .
Of course , additional authors and contributors that help writing new contents or simply spot mistakes and ask those questions we had never thought of are more than welcome !
Further reading http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Haskell
Mailing list : < wikibook at haskell.org >
1.5.4 Gtk2 Hs tutorial Report by : Hans van Thiel Most of the original GTK +2.0 tutorial by Tony Gail and Ian Main has been adapted to Gtk2Hs ( →5.11.1 ) , which is the Haskell binding to the GTK GUI library .
The Gtk2 Hs tutorial also builds on “ Programming with gtkmm ” by Murray Cumming et al. and the Inti ( Integrated Foundation Classes ) tutorial by the Inti team .
The Gtk2 Hs tutorial assumes intermediate level Haskell programming skills , but no prior GUI programming experience .
It has been translated into Spanish , by Laszlo Keuschnig , and both versions are available on Haskell darcs .
See : http://darcs.haskell.org/gtk2hs/docs/tutorial/Tutorial_Port/
1 . Introduction 2 . Getting Started 3 . Packing 3.1 Packing Widgets 3.2 Packing Demonstration Program 3.3 Packing Using Tables 4 . Miscellaneous Widgets 4.1 The Button Widget 4.2 Adjustments , Scale , and Range 4.3 Labels 4.4 Arrows and Tooltips 4.5 Dialogs , Stock Items , and Progress Bars 4.6 Text Entries and Status Bars 4.7 Spin Buttons 5 . Aggregated Widgets 5.1 Calendar 5.2 File Selection 5.3 Font and Colour Selection 5.4 Notebook 6 . Supporting Widgets 6.1 Scrolled Windows 6.2 EventBoxes and ButtonBoxes 6.3 The Layout Container 6.4 Paned Windows and Aspect Frames 7 . Action Based Widgets 7.1 Menus and Toolbars 7.2 Popup Menus , Radio Actions , and Toggle Actions Appendix : Drawing with Cairo : Getting Started The Glade tutorial , an introduction to visual Gtk2 Hs programming , has been updated to Glade 3 by Alex Tarkovsky .
It is available on : http://haskell.org/gtk2hs/docs/tutorial/glade/
This tutorial has also been translated into Spanish , by Laszlo Keuschnig , but it is currently only available on : http://home.telfort.nl/sp969709/glade/es-index.html
1.5.5 Monad Tutorial Report by : Hans van Thiel Status : stable , might be expanded later The “ Greenhorn ’s Guide to becoming a Monad Cowboy ” is yet another monad tutorial .
It covers the basics and some examples , including a monad transformer , in a style which is a variation on the “ for dummies ” style .
Estimated learning time is 1 – 2 days .
It is available at http://www.muitovar.com/monad/moncow.xhtml
Further reading http://www.muitovar.com/
The collection of various Haskell mini tutorials and assorted small projects ( http://okmij.org/ftp/Haskell/) has received two additions : Data -Generic and Data -Extensible Programming in Haskell
This web page describes the generic programming library “ Smash ” and a couple of its applications .
Smash is a generic programming approach based on a type - level typecase , best understood as a static dual of “ Scrap your boilerplate I ” ( SYB1 ) .
The Smash approach is powerful to express traversals where the type of the result is computed from the type of the transformer and the type / structure of the original term .
An example is replacing all Floats with Doubles in an arbitrary term , e.g. , made of Maybes , tuples , lists ; the result type is computed and need not be specified .
One application explained on the web page is generic de-serialization : reconstructing a term from a flat list of its fields and a proto - type term specifying the desired structure .
The Smash library is part of the extensive generic programming comparison benchmark by Alexey Rodriguez Yakushev , Alex Gerdes , and Johan Jeuring .
The implementation of benchmark tests in Smash can be found at http://darcs.haskell.org/generics/comparison/SmashA/
The web page also describes a variation of the SYB3 type - class - based generic programming library that avoids both higher - rank types and mutually recursive instances .
Because of the latter our code , unlike SYB3 , works even in Hugs .
http://okmij.org/ftp/Haskell/generics.html
State Monad as a term algebra
We show the implementation of the state monad as a term algebra : a monadic action is a term built from sub-terms Bind , Return , Get , and Put .
The constructors of the action are neither variants nor GADTs .
The function runst ( a method of the type class RunState ) takes the initial state and the action data type , and interprets the action manipulating the state accordingly .
The only non-trivial part is the interpretation of Bind , due to the polymorphism of the monadic bind operation .
Although our implementation uses no GADTs , we nevertheless statically ensure that the interpretation of an action never gets stuck .
http://okmij.org/ftp/Haskell/types.html#state-algebra
1.5.7 Haskell Cheat Sheet Report by : Justin Bailey
I have created a “ cheat sheet ” for Haskell .
It is a PDF that tries to summarize Haskell 98 ’s syntax , keywords , and other language elements .
It is built from a literate source file , so all the examples in the cheat sheet are executable .
The cheatsheet is on Hackage .
Once downloaded , unpack the archive and you will see the PDF and literate source .
I will be hosting the PDF directly , but for now I wanted a “ limited ” release .
Posting to Hackage limits the audience somewhat .
I will send an additional announcement when feedback has been incorporated and the PDF is available generally .
Further reading http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/CheatSheet
2 Implementations
For the last six months we have been primarily focused on the 6.10.1 release , which should be out by the time you read this .
We are extremely grateful for the increasing support we get from the community in putting GHC releases together ; more people than ever before are now helping maintain subcomponents , implementing features , fixing bugs , testing release candidates , and much more besides .
We could not have made this release without your help !
The GHC 6.10 branch GHC 6.10.1 is the first release in the 6.10 branch , and features many improvements over the 6.8 branch .
The release notes have fully details , but the highlights are : Some new language features have been implemented : Record syntax : wild - card patterns , punning , and field disambiguation Generalized quasi-quotes ( Geoff Mainland ) , from the paper
Why it ’s nice to be quoted : quasi-quoting in Haskell ( Haskell workshop 2007 ) Generalized list comprehensions ( Max Bolingbroke ) , from the paper Comprehensive comprehensions : comprehensions with “ Order by ” and “ Group by ” ( Haskell workshop 2007 ) View patterns ( Dan Licata ) ; see view patterns wiki page
Type families have been completely re-implemented , by Manuel Chakravarty , along the lines of our ICFP 2008 paper
Type checking with open type functions — only simpler .
As a result , we believe that type families work reliably in GHC 6.10 .
There is one missing feature , however , namely the ability to have equalities in the superclass context of a class .
We will add that to the HEAD in the next few months .
An up - to - date wiki page tracks design issues and current status .
GHC now comes with Haddock 2 , which supports all GHC extensions , thanks to David Waern .
Parallel garbage collection has been implemented by Simon Marlow .
This speeds up even purely - sequential programs , by using the extra processors during garbage collection .
Our ISMM ’08 paper gives the details Parallel generational - copying garbage collection with a block - structured heap .
The base library now provides , and uses , extensible exceptions , as described in Simon Marlow ’s paper An Extensible Dynamically - Typed Hierarchy of Exceptions ( Haskell workshop 2006 ) .
Thomas Schilling has made the GHC API easier to use , by using a Ghc monad to carry the session state .
Furthermore , the API now has Haddock documentation .
monad to carry the session state .
Furthermore , the API now has Haddock documentation .
External core ( output only ) now works again , thanks to Tim Chevalier .
Data Parallel Haskell ( DPH ) comes as part of GHC , as a result of Roman Leshchinskiy ’s efforts .
In 6.10 , for the first time , DPH includes a full vectorizer , so the system is much more usable than before .
It is still really an alpha release , though ; we very much welcome friendly guinea pigs , but it is not ready for your 3 gigabyte genome search program .
We have a lot of performance tuning to do .
We have written a new paper Harnessing the multicores : nested data parallelism in Haskell ( FSTTCS’08 ) , which gives a tutorial overview of the system , focusing especially on vectorization .
The GHC 6.12 branch Meanwhile , development goes on in the HEAD : John Dias has been working hard on rewriting GHC ’s backend , and his changes should be landing in the HEAD during October .
You can find an overview of the new architecture on the wiki .
Data Parallel Haskell remains under very active development .
We hope that Max Bolingbroke ’s Dynamically Loaded Plugins summer of code project will be merged in time for 6.12 .
Part of this is a new , modular system for user - defined annotations , rather like Java or C#attributes .
These attributes are persisted into interface files , can be examined and created by plugins , or by GHC API clients .
Likewise , Donnie Jones ’ project for profiling parallel programs should be merged in time for 6.12 .
Simon Marlow is working on improving parallel performance , incorporating the work done by Jost Berthold during his internship at Microsoft in the summer of 2008 .
The plan is to make writing performant parallel programs less of a trial - and - error process , by whacking as many bottlenecks as we can find in the runtime system .
We are already making significant improvements , and there is plenty more low - hanging fruit to pick .
One large project that we hope to tackle is the issue of doing independent per-CPU garbage collection .
Shared Libraries are inching ever closer to being completed .
Clemens Fruhwirth has been working on polishing the support for shared libraries on Unix systems in particular , and when the remaining issues are ironed out we should be able to roll them out in a release .
Finally , unicode text I/O and dynamic libraries were slated for 6.10 but were not quite ready in time , so we certainly expect those to make it for in 6.12 .
From a development point of view , there are a couple of changes on the horizon :
We plan to change how GHC ’s build system works , to decouple it from Cabal ’s internals .
Our current plans are here .
We plan to change from darcs to git for the version control system used by GHC ; our plans are described here .
We plan to make the build - system changes first , and only then tackle the version control system .
From a development point of view , there are a couple of changes on the horizon :
We plan to make the build - system changes first , and only then tackle the version control system .
Summary Keeping GHC functioning for an increasingly - diverse user base is quite a challenge , especially as we keep changing the wheels while the bus is driving along .
Please do consider joining in ; there are plenty of things that need doing , and do not require intimate knowledge of the internals .
We could particularly do with more help on supporting the Windows , Sparc , and BSD ports of GHC .
nhc98 is a small , easy to install , compiler for Haskell ’98 .
nhc98 is still very much alive and working , although it does not see many new features these days .
We expect a new public release ( 1.22 ) soon , to coincide with the release of ghc - 6.10.x , in particular to ensure that the included libraries are compatible across compilers .
Further reading http://haskell.org/nhc98
darcs get http://darcs.haskell.org/nhc98
The York Haskell Compiler ( yhc ) is a fork of the nhc98 compiler ( →2.2 ) , with goals such as increased portability , platform independent bytecode , integrated Hat ( →4.3.6 ) support , and generally being a cleaner code base to work with .
Yhc now compiles and runs almost all Haskell 98 programs , has basic FFI support — the main thing missing is haskell.org base libraries , which is being worked on .
There are a number of projects that make use of the Yhc.
Core library , in particular a Javascript and Erlang backend .
Further reading Homepage : http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Yhc
Darcs repository : http://darcs.haskell.org/yhc
Yhc Javascript Web Service http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Yhc_web_service
Helium is a compiler that supports a substantial subset of Haskell 98 ( but , e.g. , n+k patterns are missing ) .
Type classes are restricted to a number of built - in type classes and all instances are derived .
The advantage of Helium is that it generates novice friendly error feedback .
The latest versions of the Helium compiler are available for download from the new website located at http://www.cs.uu.nl/wiki/Helium.
This website also explains in detail what Helium is about , what it offers , and what we plan to do in the near and far future .
We are still working on making version 1.7 available , mainly a matter of updating the documentation and testing the system .
Internally little has changed , but the interface to the system has been standardized , and the functionality of the interpreters has been improved and made consistent .
We have made new options available ( such as those that govern where programs are logged to ) .
The use of Helium from the interpreters is now governed by a configuration file , which makes the use of Helium from the interpreters quite transparent for the programmer .
It is also possible to use different versions of Helium side by side ( motivated by the development of Neon ( →5.3.6 ) ) .
A student is currently in the process of adding type class and instance definitions to the language .
The work on the documentation has progressed quite a bit , but there has been little testing thus far , especially on a platform such as Windows .
2.5 EHC , “ Essential Haskell ” Compiler Report by : Atze Dijkstra Participants : Jeroen Fokker , Doaitse S. Swierstra , Arie Middelkoop , Lucilia Camarãao de Figueiredo , Carlos Camarãao de Figueiredo Status : active development What is EHC ?
The EHC project provides a Haskell compiler as well as a description of the compiler which is as understandable as possible so it can be used for education as well as research .
For its description an Attribute Grammar system ( AG ) is used as well as other formalisms allowing compact notation like parser combinators .
For the description of type rules , and the generation of an AG implementation for those type rules , we use the Ruler system .
For source code management we use Shuffle , which allows partitioning the system into a sequence of steps and aspects .
( Both Ruler and Shuffle are included in the EHC project ) .
The EHC project also tackles other issues :
In order to avoid overwhelming the innocent reader , the description of the compiler is organized as a series of increasingly complex steps .
Each step corresponds to a Haskell subset which itself is an extension of the previous step .
The first step starts with the essentials , namely typed lambda calculus ; the last step corresponds to full Haskell .
Independent of each step the implementation is organized into a set of aspects .
Currently the type system and code generation are defined as aspects , which can then be left out so the remaining part can be used as a barebones starting point .
Each combination of step + aspects corresponds to an actual , that is , an executable compiler .
Each of these compilers is a compiler in its own right .
The description of the compiler uses code fragments which are retrieved from the source code of the compilers .
In this way the description and source code are kept synchronized .
Currently EHC offers experimental implementation of more advanced features like higher - ranked polymorphism , partial type signatures , and kind polymorphism .
Part of the description of the series of EH compilers is available as a PhD thesis .
What is EHC ’s status , what is new ?
A Haskell frontend plus Prelude has been made , compiled code runs with an interpreter .
The compiler has an acceptable memory + resource footprint ( done by Atze Dijkstra ) .
A GRIN ( Graph Reduction Intermediate Notation ) based backend is available , offering global program optimization and code generation to C ( done by Jeroen Fokker ) as well as LLVM ( done by John van Schie ) .
Work has started on formalizing EHC ’s type system ; extending our Ruler system will be part of this effort ( by Lucilia Camarãao de Figueiredo , Carlos Camarãao de Figueiredo , Arie Middelkoop , Atze Dijkstra ) .
The organization of EHC into aspects , allowing better partial reuse of EHC .
Though not a direct part of EHC , its supporting tools ( AG , Shuffle ) are regularly adapted to allow a cleaner EHC code base .
Is EHC used , can I use EHC ?
Yes , but the answer also depends for what purpose .
Although it compiles a Prelude , we have yet to prepare a release of EHC as a Haskell compiler .
Also , the first release will definitively be a alpha release , meant for play and experimentation , not for compiling real world programs .
EHC is used as a platform for experimentation , see EHC ’s webpage for various projects related to EHC .
EHC can be downloaded from our svn repository .
What will happen with EHC in the near future ?
We plan to do the following : Make the variant for full Haskell available as a Haskell compiler .
For this we will stabilize the implementation and add proper documentation .
Rework the type system to have a more formal underpinning .
Our intent is to use and extend our Ruler system for this .
Further reading Homepage : http://www.cs.uu.nl/wiki/Ehc/WebHome
Attribute grammar system : http://www.cs.uu.nl/wiki/HUT/AttributeGrammarSystem
Parser combinators : http://www.cs.uu.nl/wiki/HUT/ParserCombinators
Shuffle : http://www.cs.uu.nl/wiki/Ehc/Shuffle
Ruler : http://www.cs.uu.nl/wiki/Ehc/Ruler
2.6 Hugs as Yhc Core Producer Report by : Dimitry Golubovsky Status : Experimental Background Hugs is one of the oldest implementations of Haskell known , an interactive compiler and bytecode interpreter .
Yhc ( →2.3 ) is a fork of nhc98 ( →2.2 ) .
Yhc Core is an intermediate form
Yhc uses to represent a compiled Haskell program .
Yhc converts each Haskell module to a binary Yhc Core file .
Core modules are linked together , and all redundant ( unreachable ) code is removed .
The Linked Core is ready for further conversions by backends .
Hugs loads
Haskell modules into memory and stores them in a way to some degree similar to Yhc Core .
Hugs is capable to dump its internal storage structure in textual form ( let us call it Hugs Core ) .
The output looks similar to Yhc Core , pretty - printed .
This was initially intended for debugging purposes , however several Hugs CVS ( now darcs ) log records related such output to some “ Snowball Haskell compiler ” ca. 2001 .
The experiment
The goal of the experiment described here was to convert Hugs Core into Yhc Core , so Hugs might become a frontend for existing and future Yhc Core optimizers and backends .
At least one benefit is clear :
Hugs is well maintained to be compatible with recent versions of Haskell libraries and supports many of Haskell language extensions that Yhc does not yet support .
The necessary patches were pushed to the main Hugs repository in June 2008 , thanks to Ross Paterson for reviewing them .
The following changes were made : A configuration option was added to enable the generation of Hugs Core .
The toplevel Makefile was modified to build an additional executable , corehugs .
Consistency of Hugs Core output in terms of naming of modules and functions was improved .
The corehugs program converts Haskell source files into Hugs Core files , one for one .
All functions and data constructors are preserved in the output , whether reachable or not .
Unreachable items will be removed later using Yhc Core tools .
The conversion of Hugs Core to Yhc Core is performed outside of Hugs using the hugs2yc package .
The package provides a parser for the syntax of Hugs Core and an interface to the Yhc Core Linker .
All Hugs
Core files written by corehugs are read in and parsed , resulting in the set of Yhc Core modules in memory .
The modules are linked together using the Yhc Core Linker , and all unreachable items are removed at this point .
A “ driver ” program that uses the package may save the linked Yhc Core in a file , or pass it on to a backend .
The code of the hugs2yc package is compatible to both Hugs and GHC .
Availability
In order to use the new Hugs functionality , obtain Hugs from the “ HEAD ” darcs repo , see http://hackage.haskell.org/trac/hugs/wiki/GettingTheSource.
However , Hugs obtained in such a way may not always compile .
This Google Code project : http://code.google.com/p/corehugs/
hosts specialized snapshots of Hugs that are more likely to build on a random computer and also include additional packages necessary to work with Yhc Core .
Future plans
Further effort will be taken to standardize various aspects of Yhc Core , especially the specification of primitives , because all backends must implement them uniformly .
This Google spreadsheet : http://tinyurl.com/prim-normal-set contains the proposal for an unified set of Yhc Core primitives .
Work is in progress on various backends for Yhc Core , including Javascript , Erlang , Python , JVM , .NET , and others .
This Wiki page : http://tinyurl.com/ycore-conv-infra summarizes their development status .
Further reading Yhc Core conversion infrastructure
http://tinyurl.com/ycore-conv-infra
http://tinyurl.com/ycore-conv-infra
Download Hugs specialized snapshots
http://code.google.com/p/corehugs/
http://code.google.com/p/corehugs/
Proposed specification of the Normal Set of primitives
http://tinyurl.com/prim-normal-set
http://tinyurl.com/prim-normal-set
A brief example of using corehugs
http://code.google.com/p/corehugs/wiki/Demonstration
2.7 Haskell frontend for the Clean compiler Report by : Thomas van Noort Participants : John van Groningen , Rinus Plasmeijer Status : active development
We are currently working on a frontend for the Clean compiler ( →3.2.3 ) that supports a subset of Haskell 98 .
This will allow Clean modules to import Haskell modules , and vice versa .
Furthermore , we will be able to use some of Clean ’s features in Haskell code , and vice versa .
For example , we could define a Haskell module which uses Clean ’s uniqueness typing , or a Clean module which uses Haskell ’s newtypes .
The possibilities are endless !
Future plans
We hope to release a beta version of the new Clean compiler , solely to the institution in Nijmegen , by the end of this year .
But there is still a lot of work to do before we are able to release it to the outside world , so we cannot make any promises regarding the release date .
Keep an eye on the Clean mailing lists for any important announcements !
Further reading http://wiki.clean.cs.ru.nl/Mailing_lists
The Reduceron is a prototype of a special - purpose graph reduction machine , built using an FPGA .
It can access up to eight graph nodes in parallel on each of its stack , heap , and combinator memories .
The goal so far has been to optimize function application .
Eight combinator nodes can be instantiated with eight stack elements and placed on the heap , all in a single cycle .
The Reduceron is a simple machine , containing just four instructions and a garbage collector , and executes core Haskell almost directly .
The translator to bytecode and the FPGA machine are both implemented in Haskell , the latter using Lava ( →6.9.2 ) .
See the URL below for details and results .
Since the last HCAR , I have written a thesis in which chapter 2 is dedicated to the Reduceron .
I am now working on a new Reduceron which I hope will exploit wide , parallel memories further .
I am also working on a new variant of Lava , to support the demands of the Reduceron .
Further reading http://www.cs.york.ac.uk/~mfn/reduceron2/
2.9 Platforms
2.9.1 Haskell in Gentoo Linux Report by : Lennart Kolmodin GHC version 6.8.2 has been in Gentoo since late last year , and is about to go stable .
All of the 60 +
Haskell libraries and tools work with it , too .
There are also GHC binaries available for alpha , amd64 , hppa , ia 64 , sparc , and x86 .
Browse the packages in portage at http://packages.gentoo.org/category/dev-haskell?full_cat.
The GHC architecture / version matrix is available at http://packages.gentoo.org/package/dev-lang/ghc.
Please report problems in the normal Gentoo bug tracker at bugs.gentoo.org .
There is also a Haskell overlay providing another 200 packages .
Thanks to the recent progress of Cabal and Hackage ( →5.1 ) , we have written a tool called “ hackport ” ( initiated by Henning Günther ) to generate Gentoo packages that rarely need much tweaking .
The overlay is available at http://haskell.org/haskellwiki/Gentoo.
Using Darcs ( →6.1.1 ) , it is easy to keep updated and send patches .
It is also available via the Gentoo overlay manager “ layman ” .
If you choose to use the overlay , then problems should be reported on IRC ( # gentoo - haskell on freenode ) , where we coordinate development , or via email < haskell at gentoo.org > .
Lately a few of our developers have shifted focus , and only a few developers remain .
If you would like to help , which would include working on the Gentoo Haskell framework , hacking on hackport , writing ebuilds , and supporting users , please contact us on IRC or email as noted above .
2.9.2 Fedora Haskell SIG Report by : Jens Petersen Participants : Bryan Sullivan , Yaakov Nemoy , Fedora Haskell SIG Status : on - going The Fedora Haskell SIG is an effort to provide good support for Haskell in Fedora .
We now have a set of rpm macros and Packaging Guidelines for packaging Cabal - based packages in Fedora : so it is now fairly easy to get Haskell packages reviewed and approved by package reviewers in Fedora .
Fedora 10 will ship with ghc - 6.8.3 and the new rpm macros at the end of this month .
For Fedora 11 we are planning to move to ghc - 6.10 and add plenty of Haskell libraries using the new Fedora Haskell Packaging Guidelines , and hopefully also experiment with shared libraries and cabal - install .
Further reading http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/SIGs/Haskell
3 Language
3.1 Extensions of Haskell
Haskell Server Pages ( HSP ) is an extension of Haskell targeted at writing dynamic web pages .
Key features and selling points include :
Use literal XML syntax in your Haskell code for creating values of appropriate datatypes .
( Note though that writing literal XML is quite optional , if you , like me , do not really enjoy that language . )
Guarantees that XML output is well - formed ( and an HTML output mode if that is what you need ) .
A model that gives easy access to necessary environment variables .
Simple programming model that is easy to use even for non-experienced Haskell programmers , in particular with a very simple transition from static XML pages to dynamic HSP pages .
Easy integration with a DSL called HJScript that makes it easy to write client - side ( JavaScript ) scripts .
An extension of HAppS that can serve HSP pages on the fly , making deployment of pages really simple .
HSP is continuously released onto Hackage .
It consists of a series of interdependent packages with package hsp as the main top - level starting point , and package happs - hsp for integration with HAppS .
The best way to keep up with development is to grab the darcs repositories , all located under Further reading HSP is continuously released onto Hackage .
It consists of a series of interdependent packages with package hsp as the main top - level starting point , and package happs - hsp for integration with HAppS .
The best way to keep up with development is to grab the darcs repositories , all located under http://code.haskell.org/HSP
http://haskell.org/haskellwiki/HSP
Status A complete , GHC - based implementation of the parallel Haskell extension GpH and of evaluation strategies is available .
Extensions of the runtime - system and language to improve performance and support new platforms are under development .
System Evaluation and Enhancement Both GpH and Eden parallel Haskells are being used for parallel language research and in the SCIEnce project ( see below ) .
We are making comparative evaluations of a range of GpH implementations and other parallel functional languages ( Eden and Feedback Directed Implicit Parallelism ( FDIP ) ) on multicore architectures .
We are teaching parallelism to undergraduates using GpH at Heriot - Watt and Phillips Universität Marburg .
We are developing a big step operational semantics for seq and using it to prove identities .
GpH Applications
As part of the SCIEnce EU FP6 I3 project ( 026133 ) ( →8.6 ) ( April 2006 – April 2011 ) we use GpH and Eden as middleware to provide access to computational grids from Computer Algebra ( CA ) systems , including GAP , Maple MuPad and KANT .
We have designed , implemented and are evaluating the SymGrid - Par interface that facilitates the orchestration of computational algebra components into high - performance parallel applications .
In recent work we have demonstrated that SymGrid - Par is capable of exploiting a variety of modern parallel / multicore architectures without any change to the underlying CA components ; and that SymGrid - Par is capable of orchestrating heterogeneous computations across a high - performance computational Grid .
Implementations
The GUM implementation of GpH is available in two main development branches .
The focus of the development has switched to versions tracking GHC releases , currently GHC 6.8 , and the development version is available upon request to the GpH mailing list ( see the GpH web site ) .
The stable branch ( GUM - 4.06 , based on GHC - 4.06 ) is available for RedHat - based Linux machines .
The stable branch is available from the GHC CVS repository via tag gum - 4 - 06 .
We are exploring new , prescient scheduling mechanisms for GpH .
Our main hardware platforms are Intel - based Beowulf clusters and multicores .
Work on ports to other architectures is also moving on ( and available on request ) : A port to a Mosix cluster has been built in the Metis project at Brooklyn College , with a first version available on request from Murray Gross .
Further reading GpH Home Page : http://www.macs.hw.ac.uk/~dsg/gph/
Stable branch binary snapshot : ftp://ftp.macs.hw.ac.uk/pub/gph/gum-4.06-snap-i386-unknown-linux.tar
Stable branch installation instructions : ftp://ftp.macs.hw.ac.uk/pub/gph/README.GUM
Contact < gph at macs.hw.ac.uk > , < mgross at dorsai.org >
Eden extends Haskell with a small set of syntactic constructs for explicit process specification and creation .
While providing enough control to implement parallel algorithms efficiently , it frees the programmer from the tedious task of managing low - level details by introducing automatic communication ( via head - strict lazy lists ) , synchronization , and process handling .
Eden ’s main constructs are process abstractions and process instantiations .
The function process :: ( a -> b ) ->
Process a b embeds a function of type ( a -> b ) into a process abstraction of type Process a b which , when instantiated , will be executed in parallel .
Process instantiation is expressed by the predefined infix operator ( # ) :: Process a b -> a -> b .
Higher - level coordination is achieved by defining skeletons , ranging from a simple parallel map to sophisticated replicated - worker schemes .
They have been used to parallelize a set of non-trivial benchmark programs .
Survey and standard reference Rita Loogen , Yolanda Ortega - Mallén , and Ricardo Peña : Parallel Functional Programming in Eden , Journal of Functional Programming 15 ( 3 ) , 2005 , pages 431–475 .
Implementation A major revision of the parallel Eden runtime environment for GHC 6.8.1 is available from the Marburg group on request .
Support for Glasgow parallel Haskell ( →3.1.2 ) is currently being added to this version of the runtime environment .
It is planned for the future to maintain a common parallel runtime environment for Eden , GpH , and other parallel Haskells .
Program executions can be visualized using the Eden trace viewer tool EdenTV .
Recent results show that the system behaves equally well on workstation clusters and on multi-core machines .
Recent Theses Jost Berthold : Implicit and Explicit Parallel Functional Programming : Concepts and Implementation , Dissertation ( PhD thesis ) , Fachbereich Mathematik und Informatik , Philipps - Universitat Marburg , June 2008 .
, Dissertation ( PhD thesis ) , Fachbereich Mathematik und Informatik , Philipps - Universitat Marburg , June 2008 .
Alberto de la Encina : Formalizando el proceso de depuracion en programacion funcional paralela y perezosa , Tesis Doctoral ( PhD thesis ) , Facultad de Ciencias Matematicas , Universidad Complutense de Madrid , June 2008 , in Spanish .
, Tesis Doctoral ( PhD thesis ) , Facultad de Ciencias Matematicas , Universidad Complutense de Madrid , June 2008 , in Spanish .
Lidia Lidia Sanchez - Gil : Sobre la equivalencia entre semanticas operacionales y denotacionales para lenguajes funcionales paralelos , Master Thesis , Universidad Complutense de Madrid , September 2008 ( in Spanish ) .
Recent and Forthcoming Publications Jost Berthold , Simon Marlow , Kevin Hammond , and Abyd Al Zain : Comparing and Optimising Parallel Haskell Implementations on Multicore , Draft Proceedings of the 20th International Symposium on the Implementation and Application of Functional Languages ( IFL ) , September 2008
, Draft Proceedings of the 20th International Symposium on the Implementation and Application of Functional Languages ( IFL ) , September 2008 Mischa Dieterle , Jost Berthold , and Rita Loogen : Functional Skeleton Implementations for Parallel Map - and - Reduce , Draft Proceedings of the 20th International Symposium on the Implementation and Application of Functional Languages ( IFL ) , September 2008 .
, Draft Proceedings of the 20th International Symposium on the Implementation and Application of Functional Languages ( IFL ) , September 2008 .
Jost Berthold , Mischa Dieterle , and Rita Loogen : A Distributed Work Pool Skeleton in Eden , submitted .
, submitted .
Oleg Lobachev , Jost Berthold , Mischa Dieterle , and Rita Loogen : Parallel FFT With Eden Skeletons , in preparation .
, in preparation .
Oleg Lobachev and Rita Loogen : Towards an Implementation of a Computer Algebra System in a Functional Language , 9th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Symbolic Computation ( AISC ) , Birmingham , July 2008 , Springer LNAI 5144 , 141–154 .
, 9th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Symbolic Computation ( AISC ) , Birmingham , July 2008 , Springer LNAI 5144 , 141–154 .
Alberto de la Encina , Ismael Rodriguez , and Fernando Rubio : A Debugger for Parallel Haskell Dialects , LNCS 5022 , Springer 2008 , 282-293 .
Further reading http://www.mathematik.uni-marburg.de/~eden
XHaskell is an extension of Haskell which combines parametric polymorphism , algebraic data types , and type classes with XDuce style regular expression types , subtyping , and regular expression pattern matching .
The latest version can be downloaded via http://code.google.com/p/xhaskell/
Latest developments
Kenny ’s thesis will be available by the end of the year , describing in detail the formal underpinnings behind XHaskell .
One of the things we will be looking into in the future is to turn XHaskell into a library ( rather than stand - alone compiler ) .
The focus of the HaskellActor project is on Erlang - style concurrency abstractions .
See for details : http://sulzmann.blogspot.com/2008/10/actors-with-multi-headed-receive.html
Novel features of HaskellActor include Multi - headed receive clauses , with support for
guards , and
propagation Latest developments
The HaskellActor implementation ( as a library extension to Haskell ) is available via http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/actor
3.2 Related Languages
Curry is a functional logic programming language with Haskell syntax .
In addition to the standard features of functional programming like higher - order functions and lazy evaluation , Curry supports features known from logic programming .
This includes programming with non-determinism , free variables , constraints , declarative concurrency , and the search for solutions .
Although Haskell and Curry share the same syntax , there is one main difference with respect to how function declarations are interpreted .
In Haskell the order in which different rules are given in the source program has an effect on their meaning .
In Curry , in contrast , the rules are interpreted as equations , and overlapping rules induce a non-deterministic choice and a search over the resulting alternatives .
Furthermore , Curry allows to call functions with free variables as arguments so that they are bound to those values that are demanded for evaluation , thus providing for function inversion .
There are three major implementations of Curry .
While the original implementation PAKCS ( Portland Aachen Kiel Curry System ) compiles to Prolog , MCC ( Münster Curry Compiler ) generates native code via a standard C compiler .
The Kiel Curry System ( KiCS ) compiles Curry to Haskell aiming to provide nearly as good performance for the purely functional part as modern compilers for Haskell do .
From these implementations only MCC will provide type classes in the near future .
Type classes are not part of the current definition of Curry , though there is no conceptual conflict with the logic extensions .
Recent research aims at simplifying the compilation scheme of KiCS which allows for using optimizations when compiling the generated Haskell code .
First tests show that this significantly improves the performance of Curry programs .
There have been research activities in the area of functional logic programming languages for more than a decade .
Nevertheless , there are still a lot of interesting research topics regarding more efficient compilation techniques and even semantic questions in the area of language extensions like encapsulation and function patterns .
Besides activities regarding the language itself , there is also an active development of tools concerning Curry ( e.g. , the documentation tool CurryDoc , the analysis environment CurryBrowser , the observation debuggers COOSy and iCODE , the debugger B.I.O. ( http://www-ps.informatik.uni-kiel.de/currywiki/tools/oracle_debugger ) , EasyCheck ( →4.3.2 ) , and CyCoTest ( →4.3.4 ) ) .
Because Curry has a functional subset , these tools can canonically be transferred to the functional world .
Further reading http://www.curry-language.org/
http://wiki.curry-language.org/
Do you crave for highly expressive types , but do not want to resort to type - class hackery ?
Then Agda might provide a view of what the future has in store for you .
Agda is a dependently typed functional programming language ( developed using Haskell ) .
The language has inductive families , i.e. GADTs which can be indexed by values and not just types .
Other goodies include parameterized modules , mixfix operators , and an interactive Emacs interface ( the type checker can assist you in the development of your code ) .
A lot of work remains in order for Agda to become a full - fledged programming language ( good libraries , mature compilers , documentation , etc. ) , but already in its current state it can provide lots of fun as a platform for experiments in dependently typed programming .
New since last time : Coinductive types ( types with possibly infinite values ) .
Case - split :
The user interface can replace a pattern variable with the corresponding constructor patterns .
You get one new left - hand side for every possible constructor .
The foreign function interface now ensures that the foreign ( Haskell ) code has types matching the Agda code .
Sized types , which can make it easier to explain why your code is terminating , are currently being implemented by Ulf Norell and Andreas Abel .
Agda packages for Debian / Ubuntu have been prepared by Liyang HU , and Kuragaki-san has constructed a new Agda installer for Windows .
A new Emacs input method , which contains bindings for many Unicode symbols , has been implemented by Nils Anders Danielsson .
Further reading The Agda Wiki : http://www.cs.chalmers.se/~ulfn/Agda/
3.2.3 Clean Participants : Software Technology Research Group at Radboud University Nijmegen Clean is a general purpose , state - of - the - art , pure and lazy functional programming language designed for making real - world applications .
Clean is the only functional language in the world which offers uniqueness typing .
This type system makes it possible in a pure functional language to incorporate destructive updates of arbitrary data structures ( including arrays ) and to make direct interfaces to the outside imperative world .
Here is a short list with notable features : Clean is a lazy , pure , higher - order functional programming language with explicit graph rewriting semantics .
Although Clean is by default a lazy language one can smoothly turn it into a strict language to obtain optimal time / space behavior : functions can be defined lazy as well as ( partially ) strict in their arguments ; any ( recursive ) data structure can be defined lazy as well as ( partially ) strict in any of its arguments .
Clean is a strongly typed language based on an extension of the well - known Milner / Hindley / Mycroft type inferencing / checking scheme including the common higher - order types , polymorphic types , abstract types , algebraic types , synonym types , and existentially quantified types .
Type classes and type constructor classes are provided to make overloaded use of functions and operators possible .
Clean offers records and ( destructively updateable ) arrays and files .
Clean has pattern matching , guards , list comprehensions and array comprehensions and a lay - out sensitive mode .
The uniqueness type system makes it possible to develop efficient applications .
In particular , it allows a refined control over the single threaded use of objects .
Thus can influence the time and space behavior of programs .
The uniqueness type system can be also used to incorporate destructive updates of objects within a pure functional framework .
It allows destructive transformation of state information and enables efficient interfacing to the non-functional world ( to C but also to I /O systems like X - Windows ) offering direct access to file systems and operating systems .
Clean offers a sophisticated I/O library with which window based interactive applications ( and the handling of menus , dialogs , windows , mouse , keyboard , timers , and events raised by sub-applications ) can be specified compactly and elegantly on a very high level of abstraction .
GUI - based programs written in Clean using the 0.8 I/O library can be ported without modification of source code to any one of the many platforms we support .
There are many libraries available offering additional functionality .
Further reading http://clean.cs.ru.nl/
3.3 Type System / Program Analysis
An important feature of pure functional programming languages is definiteness : if the same expression is used in multiple places , it must have the same value every time .
A consequence of definiteness ( sometimes also referred to as referential transparency ) is that functions must not be allowed to modify their arguments , unless it can be guaranteed that they have the sole reference to that argument .
This is the basis of uniqueness typing .
We have been developing a uniqueness type system based on that of the language Clean ( →3.2.3 ) but with various improvements : no subtyping is required , the type language does not include inequality constraints ( types in Clean often involve implications between uniqueness attributes ) , and types and uniqueness attributes are both considered types ( albeit of different kinds ) .
This makes the type system sufficiently similar to standard Hindley / Milner type systems that ( 1 ) standard inference algorithms can be applied , and ( 2 ) modern extensions such as arbitrary rank types and generalized algebraic data types ( GADTs ) can easily be incorporated .
Although our type system is inspired by Clean , it is also relevant to Haskell , because the core uniqueness type system we propose is very similar to Haskell ’s core type system .
Further reading Edsko de Vries , “ Making Uniqueness Typing Less Unique ” , PhD thesis , forthcoming .
. Edsko de Vries , Rinus Plasmeijer , and David Abrahamson , “ Uniqueness Typing Simplified ” , in Olaf Chitil , Zoltan Horvath and Viktoria Zsok ( Eds. ) : IFL 2007 , LNCS 5083 .
. Edsko de Vries , Rinus Plasmeijer , and David Abrahamson , “ Uniqueness Typing Redefined ” , in Z. Horvath , V. Zsok , and Andrew Butterfield ( Eds. ) : IFL 2006 , LNCS 4449 .
Free theorems are statements about program behavior derived from ( polymorphic ) types .
Their origin is the polymorphic lambda - calculus , but they have also been applied to programs in more realistic languages like Haskell .
Since there is a semantic gap between the original calculus and modern functional languages , the underlying theory ( of relational parametricity ) needs to be refined and extended .
We aim to provide such new theoretical foundations , as well as to apply the theoretical results to practical problems .
A recent application paper is “ Bidirectionalization for Free ! ” ( POPL’09 ) .
Also on the practical side , we maintain a library and tools for generating free theorems from Haskell types , originally implemented by Sascha Böhme .
Both the library and a shell - based tool are available from Hackage ( as free - theorems and ftshell , respectively ) .
There is also a web - based tool at http://linux.tcs.inf.tu-dresden.de/~voigt/ft.
General features include : three different language subsets to choose from
equational as well as inequational free theorems
relational free theorems as well as specializations down to function level
support for algebraic data types , type synonyms and renamings , type classes
While the web - based tool is restricted to algebraic data types , type synonyms , and type classes from Haskell standard libraries , the shell - based tool also enables the user to declare their own algebraic data types and so on , and then to derive free theorems from types involving those .
A distinctive feature of the web - based tool is to export the generated theorems in PDF format .
Joachim Breitner visited us in Dresden for two very productive weeks .
Among other things , he implemented new post - simplifications for the free theorems generator , hopefully to be included in the web - based tool in the near future .
He also wrote a web - based interface to the library from the POPL’09 paper , accessible at http://linux.tcs.inf.tu-dresden.de/~bff/cgi-bin/bff.cgi.
Further reading http://wwwtcs.inf.tu-dresden.de/~voigt/project/
3.3.3 The Disciplined Disciple Compiler ( DDC ) Report by : Ben Lippmeier Status : alpha , active Disciple is an explicitly lazy dialect of Haskell which is being developed as part of my PhD project into effect typing , optimization , and methods for combining strict and lazy evaluation in the same language .
Effect typing is offered as a practical alternative to state monads , and we suggest that state and destructive update are useful enough to deserve direct attention by the language and type system .
Disciple ’s type system is similar to that used in Haskell 98 , with the addition of region , effect and closure information which is used to model the aliasing , side effect and data sharing properties of functions .
This extra information is present in the source types , but can be fully reconstructed and does not usually place a burden on the programmer .
The information is also present in DDC ’s core language , and is used to guide code transformation style optimizations in the presence of side effects .
When the type system proves that a particular expression is visibly pure , the full gamut of optimizations can be applied .
The system also supports region , effect and closure class constraints which are modeled after the ( value ) type constraints of Haskell .
A function ’s type signature can use these constraints to require certain objects to be mutable , or certain function arguments to be pure .
Disciple also supports type directed field projections ( i.e. , record syntax ) , and lazy code can be seamlessly integrated with strict code without changing the shape of types , or requiring explicit forcing by the programmer .
DDC is in alpha release and comes with some cute example programs including a graphical n- body simulation , a collision detection demo , a ray - tracer , and some animated fractals .
As I am currently writing up my PhD thesis , due end of December 2008 , work on DDC has stalled for now .
Development is likely to resume in 2nd quarter 2009 .
Although DDC is a full working system , it has been primarily a research vehicle so far and contains lots of cosmetic bugs .
It is not yet “ industrial strength ” .
DDC is open source and available from http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/DDC.
If you would like to help out , then a detailed bug list is at http://code.google.com/p/disciple.
There are many interesting lines of research in effect typing , the language is default strict , and if you squint it looks just like Haskell code .
4 Tools
4.1 Scanning , Parsing , Transformations
Alex is a lexical analyzer generator for Haskell , similar to the tool lex for C .
Alex takes a specification of a lexical syntax written in terms of regular expressions , and emits code in Haskell to parse that syntax .
A lexical analyzer generator is often used in conjunction with a parser generator , such as Happy ( →4.1.2 ) , to build a complete parser .
The latest release is version 2.3 , released October 2008 .
Alex is in maintenance mode , we do not anticipate any major changes in the near future .
Changes in version 2.3 vs. 2.2 : Works with GHC 6.10.1 and Cabal 1.6 .
Support for efficient lexing of strict bytestrings , by Don Stewart .
The monadUserState wrapper type was added by Alain Cremieux .
Further reading http://www.haskell.org/alex/
Happy is a tool for generating Haskell parser code from a BNF specification , similar to the tool Yacc for C. Happy also includes the ability to generate a GLR parser ( arbitrary LR for ambiguous grammars ) .
The latest release is 1.18.2 , released 5 November 2008 .
Changes in version 1.18.2 vs. 1.17 : Macro - like parameterized rules were added by Iavor Diatchki .
Works with GHC 6.10.1 and Cabal 1.6 .
A couple of minor bugfixes : Happy does not get confused by Template Haskell quoted names in code , and a multi - word token type is allowed .
Further reading Happy ’s web page is at http://www.haskell.org/happy/.
Further information on the GLR extension can be found at http://www.dur.ac.uk/p.c.callaghan/happy-glr/.
4.1.3 UUAG Report by : Arie Middelkoop Participants : ST Group of Utrecht University Status : stable , maintained UUAG is the Utrecht University Attribute Grammar system .
It is a preprocessor for Haskell which makes it easy to write catamorphisms ( that is , functions that do to any datatype what foldr does to lists ) .
You can define tree walks using the intuitive concepts of inherited and synthesized attributes , while keeping the full expressive power of Haskell .
The generated tree walks are efficient in both space and time .
New features are support for polymorphic abstract syntax and higher - order attributes .
With polymorphic abstract syntax , the type of certain terminals can be parameterized .
Higher - order attributes are useful to incorporate computed values as subtrees in the AST .
The system is in use by a variety of large and small projects , such as the Haskell compiler EHC , the editor Proxima for structured documents , the Helium compiler ( →2.4 ) , the Generic Haskell compiler , and UUAG itself .
The current version is 0.9.6 ( April 2008 ) , is extensively tested , and is available on Hackage .
We are currently improving the documentation , and plan to introduce an alternative syntax that is closer to the Haskell syntax .
Further reading http://www.cs.uu.nl/wiki/bin/view/HUT/AttributeGrammarSystem
http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/uuagc-0.9.6
4.2 Documentation
Haddock is a widely used documentation - generation tool for Haskell library code .
Haddock generates documentation by parsing the Haskell source code directly and including documentation supplied by the programmer in the form of specially - formatted comments in the source code itself .
Haddock has direct support in Cabal ( →5.1 ) , and is used to generate the documentation for the hierarchical libraries that come with GHC , Hugs , and nhc98 ( http://www.haskell.org/ghc/docs/latest/html/libraries).
The latest release is version 2.2.2 , released August 5 2008 .
Recent changes : Support for GHC 6.8.3
The Hoogle backend is back , thanks to Neil Mitchell .
Show associated types in the documentation for class declarations
Show associated types in the documentation for class declarations
Show type family declarations
Show type equality predicates
Major bug fixes ( # 1 and # 44 )
It is no longer required to specify the path to GHC ’s lib dir
Remove unnecessary parenthesis in type signatures Future plans Currently , Haddock ignores comments on some language constructs like GADTs and Associated Type synonyms .
Of course , the plan is to support comments for these constructs in the future .
Haddock is also slightly more picky on where to put comments compared to the 0.x series .
We want to fix this as well .
Both of these plans require changes to the GHC parser .
We want to investigate to what degree it is possible to decouple comment parsing from GHC and move it into Haddock , to not be bound by GHC releases .
Other things we plan to add in future releases : Support for GHC 6.10.1
HTML frames ( a la Javadoc )
Support for documenting re-exports from other packages Further reading Haddock ’s homepage : http://www.haskell.org/haddock/
Haddock ’s developer WiKi and Trac : http://trac.haskell.org/haddock
This tool by Ralf Hinze and Andres Löh is a preprocessor that transforms literate Haskell code into LaTeX documents .
The output is highly customizable by means of formatting directives that are interpreted by lhs2TeX .
Other directives allow the selective inclusion of program fragments , so that multiple versions of a program and / or document can be produced from a common source .
The input is parsed using a liberal parser that can interpret many languages with a Haskell - like syntax , and does not restrict the user to Haskell 98 .
The program is stable and can take on large documents .
Since the last report , version 1.14 has been released .
This version is compatible with ( and requires ) Cabal 1.6 .
Apart from minor bugfixes , experimental support for typesetting Agda ( →3.2.2 ) programs has been added .
Further reading http://www.cs.uu.nl/~andres/lhs2tex
4.3 Testing , Debugging , and Analysis
SmallCheck is a one - module lightweight testing library .
It adapts Quick Check ’s ideas of type - based generators for test data and a class of testable properties .
But instead of testing a sample of randomly generated values , it tests properties for all the finitely many values up to some depth , progressively increasing the depth used .
Among other advantages , existential quantification is supported , and generators for user - defined types can follow a simple pattern and are automatically derivable .
Lazy SmallCheck is like SmallCheck , but generates partially - defined inputs that are progressively refined as demanded by the property under test .
The key observation is that if a property evaluates to True or False for a partially - defined input then it would also do so for all refinements of that input .
By not generating such refinements , Lazy SmallCheck may test the same input - space as SmallCheck using significantly fewer tests .
Lazy SmallCheck ’s interface is a subset of SmallCheck ’s , often allowing the two to be used interchangeably .
Since the last HCAR , we have written a paper about SmallCheck and Lazy SmallCheck and we have released versions 0.4 and 0.3 respectively on Hackage .
We have also squashed a bug in the Hugs implementation of exception - handling which made Lazy SmallCheck sometimes report “ Control stack overflow ” ( Hugs bug # 84 ) .
And we have found a simple way to do demand - driven generation of ( first - order ) functions in Lazy SmallCheck , re-using the existing machinery for demand - driven generation of data .
The next release of Lazy SmallCheck will incorporate this idea , and will hopefully support existential quantification too .
We are still interested in improving and harmonizing the two libraries and welcome comments and suggestions from users .
Further reading http://www.cs.york.ac.uk/fp/smallcheck/
4.3.2 EasyCheck Report by : Jan Christiansen Participants : Sebastian Fischer Status : experimental EasyCheck is an automatic test tool like QuickCheck or SmallCheck ( →4.3.1 ) .
It is implemented in the functional logic programming language Curry ( →3.2.1 ) .
Although simple test cases can be generated from nothing but type information in all mentioned test tools , users have the possibility to define custom test - case generators — and make frequent use of this possibility .
Nondeterminism — the main extension of functional - logic programming over Haskell — is an elegant concept to describe such generators .
Therefore it is easier to define custom test - case generators in EasyCheck than in other test tools .
If no custom generator is provided , test cases are generated by a free variable which non-deterministically yields all values of a type .
Moreover , in EasyCheck , the enumeration strategy is independent of the definition of test - case generators .
Unlike QuickCheck ’s strategy , it is complete , i.e. , every specified value is eventually enumerated if enough test cases are processed , and no value is enumerated twice .
SmallCheck also uses a complete strategy ( breadth - first search ) which EasyCheck improves w.r.t. the size of the generated test data .
EasyCheck is distributed with the Kiel Curry System ( KiCS ) .
Further reading http://www-ps.informatik.uni-kiel.de/currywiki/tools/easycheck
4.3.3 checkers Report by : Conal Elliott Status : active development Checkers is a library for reusable QuickCheck properties , particularly for standard type classes ( class laws and class morphisms ) .
For instance , much of Reactive ( →6.5.2 ) can be specified and tested using just these properties .
Checkers also lots of support for randomly generating data values .
For the past few months , this work has been graciously supported by Anygma .
Further reading http://haskell.org/haskellwiki/checkers
4.3.4 CyCoTest Report by : Sebastian Fischer Participants : Herbert Kuchen Status : experimental The Curry Coverage Tester CyCoTest ( pronounced like psycho test ) aims at testing declarative programs to the bone .
Unlike black - box test tools like QuickCheck , it does not generate test cases from type information or additional specifications .
It rather uses the demand of the program under test to narrow test cases lazily .
Narrowing is a generalization of reduction that allows to compute with partial information .
Evaluating a program with narrowing and initially uninstantiated input binds the input as much as demanded by the computation and non-deterministically computes a corresponding result for each binding .
The generated pairs of in - and output form a set of test cases that reflects the demand of the tested program .
The generated set of test cases can either be checked by hand or using properties , i.e. , functions with a Boolean result .
Using properties is convenient , but sometimes it is hard to come up with a complete formal specification of the tested program .
Hence , errors might remain undetected if an incomplete property is used to evaluate the test cases .
In order to lower the burden of manual checking , we employ control - and data - flow coverage information to minimize the set of generated test cases .
Test cases that do not cause new code coverage are considered redundant and need not be shown to the user .
Although this bears the risk of eliminating test cases that expose a bug , experiments indicate that the employed coverage criteria suffice to expose bugs in practice .
CyCoTest is implemented in and for the functional logic programming language Curry ( →3.2.1 ) , which provides narrowing for free .
A Haskell implementation would be possible using ideas from the Kiel Curry System ( KiCS ) , which translates Curry programs into Haskell programs .
Further reading http://www-ps.informatik.uni-kiel.de/currywiki/tools/cycotest
4.3.5 Gforall st Report by : Peter Achten Participants : Pieter Koopman Status : stable , maintained Gforall st is a fully automatic test system , written in Clean ( →3.2.3 ) .
Given a logical property , stated as a function , it is able to generate appropriate test values , to execute tests with these values , and to evaluate the results of these tests .
In this respect Gforall st is similar to Haskell ’s QuickCheck .
Apart from testing logical properties , Gforall st is able to test state based systems .
In such tests , an extended state machine ( esm ) is used instead of logical properties .
This gives Gforall st the possibility to test properties in a way that is somewhat similar to model checking and allows you to test interactive systems , such as web pages or GUI programs .
In order to validate and test the quality of the specifying extended state machine , the esmViz tool simulates the state machine and tests properties of this esm on the fly .
Gforall st is based on the generic programming techniques of Clean which are very similar to Generic Haskell .
Gforall st is distributed as a library in the standard Clean distribution .
This version is somewhat older than the version described in recent papers .
Future plans
We would like to determine the quality of the tests for instance by determining the coverage of tests .
As a next step we would like to use techniques from model checking to direct the testing based on esms in Gforall st .
Further reading http://www.cs.ru.nl/~pieter/gentest/gentest.html
Papers on Gforall st : http://www.st.cs.ru.nl/Onderzoek/Publicaties/publicaties.html
4.3.6 Hat Report by : Olaf Chitil Participants : Malcolm Wallace Status : maintenance
The Haskell tracing system
Hat is based on the idea that a specially compiled Haskell program generates a trace file alongside its computation .
This trace can be viewed in various ways with several tools .
Some views are similar to classical debuggers for imperative languages , some are specific to lazy functional language features or particular types of bugs .
All tools inter-operate and use a similar command syntax .
Hat can be used both with nhc98 ( →2.2 ) and GHC ( →2.1 ) .
Hat was built for tracing Haskell 98 programs , but it also supports some language extensions ( FFI , MPTC , fundeps , hierarchical libs ) .
A tutorial explains how to generate traces , how to explore them , and how they help to debug Haskell programs .
During the last year only small bug fixes were committed to the Darcs repository , but several other updates are also planned for the near future , including new and improved trace - browsers .
A recent student project completed a Java - GUI viewer for traces , based on the idea of timelines and search .
We hope this can be added to the repository soon .
Further reading http://www.haskell.org/hat
darcs get http://darcs.haskell.org/hat
http://darcs.haskell.org/hat
Tracing and Debugging Functional Programs : http://www.cs.kent.ac.uk/~oc/tracing.html
4.3.7 Concurrent Haskell Debugger Report by : Fabian Reck Participants : Frank Huch , Jan Christiansen Status : experimental Programming concurrent systems is difficult and error prone .
The Concurrent Haskell Debugger is a tool for debugging and visualizing Concurrent Haskell and STM programs .
By simply importing CHD .
Control .
Concurrent instead of Control .
Concurrent and CHD .
Control .
Concurrent .STM instead of Control .
Concurrent .STM
the forked threads and their concurrent actions are visualized by a GUI .
Furthermore , when a thread performs a concurrent action like writing an MVar or committing a transaction , it is stopped until the user grants permission .
This way the user is able to determine the order of execution of concurrent actions .
Apart from that , the program behaves exactly like the original program .
An extension of the debugger can automatically search for deadlocks and uncaught exceptions in the background .
The user is interactively led to a program state where a deadlock or an exception was encountered .
To use this feature , it is necessary to use a simple preprocessor that comes with the package that is available at http://www.informatik.uni-kiel.de/~fre/chd/.
Another purpose of the preprocessor is to enrich the source code with information for highlighting the next concurrent action in a source code view .
Future plans provide a more powerful preprocessor that is able to process imported modules
add new views , like a visualization as a message sequence chart
allow to undo concurrent actions Further reading http://www.informatik.uni-kiel.de/~fre/docs/thesis.pdf
( German diploma thesis )
http://www.informatik.uni-kiel.de/~jac/data/ICFP2004.pdf
4.3.8 Hpc Report by : Andy Gill Participants : Colin Runciman Status : released and used Haskell Program Coverage ( HPC ) is a set of tools for understanding program coverage .
It consists of a source - to - source translator , an option ( - fhpc ) in ghc , a stand alone post - processor ( hpc ) , a post - processor for reporting coverage , and an AJAX based interactive coverage viewer .
Hpc has been remarkably stable over the lifetime of ghc - 6.8 , with only a couple of minor bug fixes , including better support for .hsc files .
The source - to - source translator is not under active development , and is looking for a new home .
The interactive coverage viewer , which was under active development in 2007 at Galois , has now been resurrected at Hpc ’s new home in Kansas .
Thank you Galois , for letting this work be released .
The plan is to take the interactive viewer , and merge it with GHCi ’s debugging API , giving an AJAX based debugging tool .
Contact < andygill at ku.edu >
4.3.9 SourceGraph Report by : Ivan Lazar Miljenovic Status : Version 0.4 SourceGraph is a utility program aimed at helping Haskell programmers visualize their code and perform simple graph - based analysis ( representing functions as nodes in the graphs and function calls as directed edges ) .
To do so , it utilizes the Graphalyze library ( →5.8.4 ) , which is designed as a general - purpose graph - theoretic analysis library .
These two pieces of software are the focus of Ivan ’s mathematical honors thesis , “ Graph - Theoretic Analysis of the Relationships Within Discrete Data ” , and are both available from Hackage .
Whilst fully usable , SourceGraph is currently limited in terms of input and output .
It takes in the Cabal file of the project , and then analyzes all .hs and .lhs files recursively found in that directory .
It utilizes Haskell - Src with Extensions , and should thus parse all extensions ( with the current exception of Template Haskell , HaRP and HSX ) ; files requiring C Pre-Processing are as yet unparseable , though this should be fixed in a future release .
However , all functions defined in Class declarations and records are ignored due to difficulty in determining which actual instance is meant .
The final report is then created in Html format in a “ SourceGraph ” subdirectory of the project ’s root directory .
Current analysis algorithms utilized include : alternative module groupings , whether a module should be split up , root analysis , clique and cycle detection as well as finding functions which can safely be compressed down to a single function .
Please note however that SourceGraph is not a refactoring utility , and that its analyses should be taken with a grain of salt : for example , it might recommend that you split up a module , because there are several distinct groupings of functions , when that module contains common utility functions that are placed together to form a library module ( e.g. , the Prelude ) .
Further reading http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/SourceGraph
http://code.haskell.org/SourceGraph
4.4 Development
Hoogle is an online Haskell API search engine .
It searches the functions in the various libraries , both by name and by type signature .
When searching by name , the search just finds functions which contain that name as a substring .
However , when searching by types it attempts to find any functions that might be appropriate , including argument reordering and missing arguments .
The tool is written in Haskell , and the source code is available online .
Hoogle is available as a web interface , a command line tool , and a lambdabot ( →6.12.2 ) plugin .
Development of Hoogle was sponsored as part of the Google Summer of Code this year .
As a result , a new version of Hoogle has been released with substantial speed and accuracy improvements .
The next task is to generate Hoogle search information for all the libraries on Hackage .
Further reading http://haskell.org/hoogle
4.4.2 Leksah , Haskell IDE
Report by : Jürgen Nicklisch - Franken Status : in development Leksah is a Haskell IDE written in Haskell based on Gtk+ and gtk2hs ( →5.11.1 ) .
Leksah is a practical tool to support the Haskell development process .
It is platform independent and should run on any platform where GTK + , gtk2hs , and GHC can be installed .
( It is currently being tested on Windows and Linux but it should work on the Mac .
It only works with GHC . )
There are compelling reasons for a Haskell IDE written in Haskell .
First and most importantly , Haskell is different from mainstream imperative and object oriented languages and a dedicated IDE may exploit this specialness .
Second the integration with an existing tool written in a different language has to solve the problem of integration of different programming languages / paradigms .
Currently Leksah offers features like jumping to definition for a name , integration of Cabal ( →5.1 ) for building , Haskell source editor with “ source candy ” , configurable keymaps , … This list will ( hopefully ) expand quickly .
The development of Leksah started in June 2007 and the first alpha version was released February 2008 .
Contributions of all kind are welcome .
Further reading http://leksah.org/
4.4.3 EclipseFP — Haskell support for the Eclipse IDE Report by : Leif Frenzel Status : alpha
The Eclipse platform is an extremely extensible framework for IDEs , developed by an Open Source Project .
Our project extends it with tools to support Haskell development .
The aim is to develop an IDE for Haskell that provides the set of features and the user experience known from the Eclipse Java IDE ( the flagship of the Eclipse project ) , and integrates a broad range of Haskell development tools .
Long - term goals include support for language - aware IDE features , like refactoring and structural search .
Over the past year , a new subproject called Cohatoe has developed a framework that allows us to implement Eclipse Plugins partly in Haskell .
We are currently re-implementing and extending EclipseFP functionality in Haskell , using libraries such as Cabal ( →5.1 ) and the GHC API ( →2.1 ) .
Further reading http://eclipsefp.sf.net
http://leiffrenzel.de/eclipse/wiki/
http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/eclipsefp-develop
4.4.4 HEAT : The Haskell Educational Advancement Tool Report by : Olaf Chitil Heat is an interactive development environment ( IDE ) for learning and teaching Haskell .
Using a separate editor and interpreter provides many distracting obstacles for inexperienced students learning a programming language ; for example , they have to keep the versions in editor , interpreter , and in the file system in sync .
Professional interactive development environments , however , confuse and distract with their excessive features .
Hence Heat was designed for novice students learning the functional programming language Haskell .
Based on teaching experience , Heat provides a small number of supporting features and is easy to use .
Heat is portable , small , and works on top of the Haskell interpreter Hugs .
Heat provides the following features : Editor for a single module with syntax - highlighting and matching brackets .
Shows the status of compilation : non-compiled ; compiled with or without error .
Interpreter console that highlights the prompt and error messages .
If compilation yields an error , then the source line is highlighted and additional error explanations are provided .
Shows a program summary in a tree structure , giving definitions of types and types of functions …
Automatic checking of all ( Boolean ) properties of a program ; results shown in summary .
Heat is implemented in Java .
The older version 1.1 which has been used in teaching functional programming at the University of Kent since 2006 is available from the webpage .
Version 3.0 will be published very soon .
Heat is implemented in Java .
The older version 1.1 which has been used in teaching functional programming at the University of Kent since 2006 is available from the webpage .
Version 3.0 will be published very soon .
Further reading http://www.cs.kent.ac.uk/projects/heat/
The Haskell mode plugins for Vim offer some IDE - style functionality for editing Haskell code in Vim , including several insert mode completions ( based on identifiers currently in scope , on identifiers documented in the central Haddock indices , on tag files , or on words appearing in current and imported sources ) , quickfix mode ( call compiler , list errors in quickfix window , jump to error locations in source window ) , inferred type tooltips ( persisted from last successful : make , so you can still see some types after introducing errors , or use types to guide editing , e.g. , function parameter order ) , various editing helpers ( insert import statement , type declaration or module qualifier for id under cursor , expand implicit into explicit import statement , add option and language pragmas , … ) , and direct access to the Haddock documentation for the id under cursor .
The plugins are distributed as a simple vimball archive , including help file ( after installation , try : help haskellmode ) .
They derive their functionality and semantic information from GHC / GHCi , from Haddock - generated documentation and indices ( →4.2.1 ) , and from Vim ’s own configurable program editing support .
For details of Haskell mode features , see the haskellmode .
txt help file , for change log , see haskellmode - files .
txt ( for more general information , see Vim ’s excellent built - in : help , or browse the help files online at http://vimdoc.sourceforge.net/htmldoc/usr_toc.html).
These are not the only Haskell - related plugins for Vim — please add your own tricks and tips at haskell.org ( syntax - coloring works out of the box , other scripts deal with indentation , … ) .
The haskellmode plugins for Vim are currently in maintenance mode , with infrequent updates and bug fixes , and the occasional new feature or improvement of older code ( please let me know if anything does not work as advertised ! ) .
Further reading Haskell Mode Plugins for Vim : http://www.cs.kent.ac.uk/~cr3/toolbox/haskell/Vim/
haskell.org section listing these and other Vim files : http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Libraries_and_tools/Program_development#Vim
Yi is an editor written in Haskell and extensible in Haskell .
We leverage the expressiveness of Haskell to provide an editor which is powerful and easy to extend .
We have recently made Yi much more accessible .
On Unix systems , it can be deployed using a single cabal install command .
We also polished the user interface and behavior to facilitate the transition from emacs or vim .
Yi features : Key - bindings for emacs and vim , written as extensible parsers ;
Vty , Gtk2 Hs frontends ;
Syntax highlighting for Haskell and other languages ;
XMonad - style static configuration ;
Support of Linux , MacOS , and Windows platforms .
Special support for Haskell : layout - aware edition , paren - matching , GHCi interface , Cabal build interface , … We are currently working on the following fronts : Integration with Cabal and GHC API ;
Pango and Cocoa frontends ;
CUA key - bindings
We are currently working on the following fronts : Further reading More information can be found at : http://haskell.org/haskellwiki/Yi
The source repository is available : darcs get http://code.haskell.org/yi/
Refactorings are source - to - source program transformations which change program structure and organization , but not program functionality .
Documented in catalogs and supported by tools , refactoring provides the means to adapt and improve the design of existing code , and has thus enabled the trend towards modern agile software development processes .
Our project , Refactoring Functional Programs , has as its major goal to build a tool to support refactorings in Haskell .
The HaRe tool is now in its fourth major release .
HaRe supports full Haskell 98 , and is integrated with Emacs ( and XEmacs ) and Vim .
All the refactorings that HaRe supports , including renaming , scope change , generalization and a number of others , are module aware , so that a change will be reflected in all the modules in a project , rather than just in the module where the change is initiated .
The system also contains a set of data - oriented refactorings which together transform a concrete data type and associated uses of pattern matching into an abstract type and calls to assorted functions .
The latest snapshots support the hierarchical modules extension , but only small parts of the hierarchical libraries , unfortunately .
In order to allow users to extend HaRe themselves , HaRe includes an API for users to define their own program transformations , together with Haddock ( →4.2.1 ) documentation .
Please let us know if you are using the API .
HaRe 0.4 , which was released earlier this year , only compiles with GHC 6.6.1 and GHC 6.8.2 .
New refactorings in HaRe 0.4 include a suite of slicing utilities , adding / removing a data constructor , converting a data type into a newtype , adding / removing a field , etc. Snapshots of HaRe are available from our webpage , as are related presentations and publications from the group ( including LDTA’05 , TFP’05 , SCAM ’06 , PEPM ’08 , and Huiqing ’s PhD thesis ) .
The final report for the project appears there , too .
Recent developments
More structural and datatype - based refactorings have been studied by Chris Brown , including transformation between let and where , generative folding , introducing pattern matching , and introducing case expressions ;
and , generative folding , introducing pattern matching , and introducing case expressions ; Chris has also been looking into duplicated code detection and elimination support for Haskell programs as part of his PhD research ;
Chaddai Fouche started to work on the porting of HaRe to GHC API ( →2.1 ) during the summer ; this work is ongoing .
Further reading http://www.cs.kent.ac.uk/projects/refactor-fp/
DarcsWatch is a tool to track the state of Darcs ( →6.1.1 ) patches that have been submitted to some project , usually by using the darcs send command .
It allows both submitters and project maintainers to get an overview of patches that have been submitted but not yet applied .
During the last six months , development activity has been low , but DarcsWatch has been successfully used in the xmonad project ( →6.1.2 ) to review unapplied and possibly forgotten patches before a release .
Still , a good way to easily mark patches as obsolete or retracted has to be found .
Further reading http://darcswatch.nomeata.de/
http://darcs.nomeata.de/darcswatch/documentation.html
Cpphs is a robust drop - in Haskell replacement for the C pre-processor .
It has a couple of benefits over the traditional cpp — you can run it when no C compiler is available ( e.g. , on Windows ) ; and it understands the lexical syntax of Haskell , so you do not get tripped up by C - comments , line - continuation characters , primed identifiers , and so on .
( There is also a pure text mode which assumes neither Haskell nor C syntax , for even greater flexibility . )
Cpphs can also unliterate .lhs files during preprocessing , and you can install it as a library to call from your own code , in addition to the stand - alone utility .
The current release is 1.6 : recent bugfixes have been small — the major changes are to add new command - line options –include and –strip - eol .
Further reading http://haskell.org/cpphs
5 Libraries
Background Cabal is the Common Architecture for Building Applications and Libraries .
It defines a common interface for defining and building Haskell packages .
It is implemented as a Haskell library and associated tools which allow developers to easily build and distribute packages .
Hackage is an online database of Cabal packages which can be interactively queried via the website and client - side software such as cabal - install .
Hackage enables end-users to download and install Cabal packages .
cabal - install is the command line interface for the Cabal and Hackage system .
It provides a command line program cabal which has sub-commands for installing and managing Haskell packages .
Recent progress
Since the last HCAR we have released Cabal - 1.4 and 1.6 .
There have also been releases of cabal - install which is now at version 0.6 .
The Cabal - 1.4 and 1.6 releases contained a number of incremental improvements but nothing earth - shattering .
Cabal - 1.4 contained the bulk of the improvements but remained compatible with Cabal - 1.2 .
The 1.6 release comes with GHC 6.10 and contains some new features that are not backwards compatible .
The cabal - install tool has matured significantly since the last report and is now mostly usable for many users .
It replaces runhaskell Setup.hs which had been the primary interface for most users previously .
The major advantage is that it simplifies the process of downloading and installing collections of inter-dependent packages from Hackage .
Hackage is getting near to its second birthday .
At the time of writing , 234 users have uploaded 2306 versions of 820 packages .
This represents a substantial amount of Haskell code and indeed a substantial amount of code re-use .
In the next few months we expect to upgrade Hackage with a new implementation .
There should be no disruption for users or package maintainers .
The new implementation uses HAppS rather than Apache +CGI .
The main reason for the change is to make it easier to add the new features that users have been asking for .
We also expect it will have a new layout and appearance thanks to the talented people from Tupil ( →7.8 ) .
We are also hoping to use Hoogle ( →4.4.1 ) as the primary search interface .
Google Summer of Code projects Andrea Vezzosi completed his project to build a “ make - like ” dependency framework for the Cabal library .
Part of this can now be integrated to make Cabal work better with pre-processors .
To make development easier , Andrea started on an external hbuild tool .
The aim is to improve it , demonstrate it on real projects , and eventually replace much of the Cabal internals .
One remaining challenge is to develop some high level combinators for the dependency infrastructure .
Neil Mitchell completed his project on Hoogle 4 ( →4.4.1 ) .
As mentioned above , the next step is to use it in the new Hackage server .
Looking forward
There is huge potential for Hackage to help us manage and improve the community ’s package collection .
cabal - install is now able to report build results and the new Hackage server implementation can accept them .
This should provide us with a huge amount of data on which packages work in which environments and configurations .
More generally there is the opportunity to collect all sorts of useful metrics on the quality of packages .
As for Cabal , it now has the feature - set that enables it to support the vast majority of simple packages .
The next challenge is large existing projects which have more complex requirements for a configuration and build system .
Now may be the time to take a step back and discuss a new design document for Cabal 2.0 .
People
We would like to thank the people who contributed to the last round of development work .
Thanks also to the people who have followed development and reported bugs and feature requests .
We have ambitious plans and there is plenty of work to do , but not quite enough volunteer time to do it all .
Now would be an excellent time to get involved in this central piece of the Haskell infrastructure .
Further reading Cabal homepage : http://www.haskell.org/cabal
Hackage package collection : http://hackage.haskell.org/
Bug tracker : http://hackage.haskell.org/trac/hackage/
5.2 Haskell Platform Report by : Duncan Coutts Background The Haskell Platform ( HP ) is the name of a new “ blessed ” set of libraries and tools on which to build further Haskell libraries and applications .
It takes the best packages from the over 800 on Hackage ( →5.1 ) .
It is intended to provide a comprehensive , stable , and quality tested base for Haskell projects to work from .
Historically , GHC has shipped with a collection of packages under the name extralibs .
The intention in future is for GHC to get out of the business of shipping an entire platform and for this role to be transferred to the Haskell Platform .
Looking forward
We expect the first release of the platform to come out a few weeks after the release of GHC - 6.10.1 ( → 2.1 ) .
Subsequent releases will be on a 6 month schedule .
The first release will contain just the packages from the old extralibs collection , plus cabal - install ( →5.1 ) .
We are looking for involvement from the community to decide what procedures we should use and what level of quality we should demand for new additions to the platform .
The discussion will take place on the libraries@haskell.org mailing list .
Further reading http://haskell.org/haskellwiki/Haskell_Platform
5.3 Auxiliary Libraries
libmpd is a client implementation of the MPD music playing daemon ’s network protocol .
The interface has mostly stabilized and is usable .
In version 0.3.1 some bugs have been addressed to fix the automatic reconnection feature and to be more permissive with data from the server .
Further reading
The development web page is at http://turing.une.edu.au/~bsinclai/code/libmpd-haskell/ and MPD can be found at http://www.musicpd.org/.
5.3.2 gravatar Report by : Don Stewart Status : active development Gravatars ( http://gravatar.com) are globally unique images associated with an email address , widely used in social networking sites .
This library lets you find the URL of a gravatar image associated with an email address .
Further reading Source and documentation can be found on Hackage .
The source repository is available : darcs get http://code.haskell.org/~dons/code/gravatar/
5.3.3 mersenne - random Report by : Don Stewart Status : active development
The Mersenne twister is a pseudorandom number generator developed by Makoto Matsumoto and Takuji Nishimura that is based on a matrix linear recurrence over a finite binary field .
It provides for fast generation of very high quality pseudorandom numbers .
This library uses SFMT , the SIMD - oriented Fast Mersenne Twister , a variant of Mersenne Twister that is much faster than the original .
It is designed to be fast when it runs on 128 - bit SIMD .
It can be compiled with either SSE2 OR PowerPC AltiVec support , to take advantage of these instructions .
By default the period of the function is 219937 - 1 , however , you can compile in other defaults .
Note that this algorithm on its own is not cryptographically secure .
Further reading Source and documentation can be found on Hackage .
The source repository is available : darcs get http://code.haskell.org/~dons/code/mersenne-random/
5.3.4 cmath Report by : Don Stewart Status : active development cmath is a complete , efficient binding to the standard C math.h library , for Haskell .
Further reading Source and documentation can be found on Hackage .
The source repository is available : darcs get http://code.haskell.org/~dons/code/cmath/
This library provides a purely functional interface to linear algebra and other numerical computations , internally implemented using GSL , BLAS , and LAPACK .
The most common matrix computations are already available : eig , svd , chol , qr , hess , schur , lu , pinv , expm , etc .
There are also functions for numeric integration and differentiation , nonlinear minimization , polynomial root finding , and many GSL special functions .
The latest stable version can be found on Hackage .
Recent developments include low level optimizations contributed by Don Stewart and safe in - place updates using the ST monad .
Further reading http://www.hmatrix.googlepages.com
As part of his master thesis work , Peter van Keeken implemented a library to data mine logged Helium ( →2.4 ) programs to investigate aspects of how students program Haskell , how they learn to program , and how good Helium is in generating understandable feedback and hints .
The software can be downloaded from http://www.cs.uu.nl/wiki/bin/view/Hage/Neon, which also gives some examples of output generated by the system .
The downloads only contain a small sample of
National Public Radio ( NPR ) is doing something interesting for tonight ’s vice presidential debate :
It ’s crowdsourcing fact - checking through micro-messaging service Twitter .
It ’ll work like this :
While you ’re watching the debate , if you hear anything by either Democrat Joe Biden or Republican Sarah Palin that you think is not true , NPR is encouraging you to look for a source to prove it .
If you can track one down , they ’d like you to post it to Twitter and include the tag # factcheck , so they can find it .
NPR will then take these questionable claims , investigate further , and post anything that is in fact a questionable statement made by one of the candidates to its blog .
If you ’re not a member of Twitter , you can also leave your fact - checking results in the comments of their post .
( Or you can sign up for an account , like a lot of other people interested in politics are apparently doing . )
NPR has an account for its political coverage that will be following the debate tonight .
Twitter also has its own area for election coverage , which the company promises to improve before tonight ’s debate .
While this may seem somewhat silly , I think it could actually be a very interesting experiment for massive instantaneous crowdsourcing .
Politicians lie a lot , some would say it ’s in their nature , but most of the time these lies go on for days unchecked .
If this can cut that time down to a matter of minutes and get the truth out there , it may help people make informed decisions .
You can find me on Twitter here along with fellow VentureBeat writers Eric Eldon , Dean Takahashi , Anthony Ha , Chris Morrison and Dan Kaplan .
We have a VentureBeat account ( for our posts ) as well .
NEW YORK / CHICAGO ( Reuters ) -
The conventional wisdom for retailers having financial difficulty has been to stave off bankruptcy until after the holiday season , but cracks in that thinking are starting to show and fewer companies may make it past the new year .
A man stands outside a store advertising that it is going out of business in New York October 6 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
Tumultuous financial markets , flagging consumer confidence and cautious lenders are undermining the efforts of struggling retailers to stay in business , restructuring experts say .
And many retailers hoping to ride out the storm face tough choices about store closings , and ways to raise cash .
Industry experts say some of these companies may even find themselves going straight to liquidation rather than restructuring .
“ There are five or six public companies that are teetering right on the brink and given this credit environment frankly they could go away any moment .
Anything can happen , ” said Howard Davidowitz , chairman of retail consulting and investment banking firm Davidowitz & Associates .
By this time of year , most retailers have their stock for holiday shopping , which enables them to hold out against financial pressure until after the season .
“ Orders have long since been placed and shipments have been made .
Inventories have been built up for the holidays , ” said Craig Johnson , president of Customer Growth Partners , a consumer consulting and research firm .
But that inventory build - up depletes cash , giving retailers few options if they run into trouble .
As a global financial crisis deepens , and consumers spend less over the holidays , this year could be different .
“ My own opinion is that we will see more store closures before the holidays and more bankruptcy filings before the holidays , ” said Walter Jones , a turnaround consultant at J.H. Cohn LLP in New Jersey .
If they are facing bankruptcy , retailers must focus on keeping only their best stores going , he said .
“ By closing more stores , they produce more cash from the inventory in those stores , which would generally give them more options , ” Jones said .
Retailers ’ cash positions typically peak just before the new year , putting them in the strongest position to file for bankruptcy protection and reorganize , experts said .
“ The way the game is played is to suck in the suppliers , build up your cash , then file .
That puts you in the best position to come out on the other side , ” Davidowitz explained .
“ It buys you more time . ”
TOUGHER DIP
If retailers manage to come out on the other side of the holidays , the next hurdle will be finding sources for debtor - in - possession financing to get through bankruptcy .
Many of those sources have dried up as credit markets tightened and banks became more risk averse .
Companies will have to turn to their existing lenders for a shot at securing increasingly pricey DIP funding , giving their current bankers a larger role in how those bankruptcies proceed .
“ It ’s unclear to me whether existing lenders will think they are better off to wait until after Christmas , ” said David Heiman , a bankruptcy attorney at Jones Day .
That is particularly true if loans are based partly on inventory , which will be reduced by holiday sales , he said .
But some merchants may not be able to take in as much stock as they would like to so they can compete during the holiday season , Johnson said .
He cited consumer electronics retailer Circuit City , which has been facing stiff competition from Best Buy and Wal - Mart .
A Circuit City spokesman declined to comment .
Some retailers have come under pressure from credit rating agencies ahead of the holiday season .
Standard & Poor ’s has assigned a “ B - ” or lower credit rating to Eddie Bauer Holdings , Claire ’s Stores Inc , Guitar Center , Loehmann ’s and Oriental Trading Co , meaning their debt is regarded as highly speculative or with substantial risks .
Department store group Gottschalks
Inc recently said its stock would no longer be traded on the New York Stock Exchange , but that it had been working to shore up its liquidity .
“ It ’s a safe bet to say that there is going to be some shakeout in the industry , ” said National Retail Federation spokesman Scott Krugman .
“ But at the end of the day , it ’s healthy .
It ’s healthy because it creates a more nimble economy and from a retail industry perspective it creates an industry that ’s better poised for recovery . ”
REPORTING ACROSS THE USA REPORTING ACROSS THE USA Choose a race President by county U.S. Senate / House Statewide offices Ballot initiatives State Senate State House USA TODAY 's interactive graphic shows you how the nation 's counties colored themselves red and blue over the course of the night .
Check back frequently to see how the race is shaping up as voters elect the 44th president of the United States .
Click through on the map to see individual state detail from all 50 states plus the District of Columbia .
Note : Alaska does not tally votes by county .
Analysis by Paul Overberg of USA TODAY and Robert Lang of Virginia Tech Graphic by William Couch and Juan Thomassie , USA TODAY Source : Associated Press , Claritas Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Issue # 87 • May / June , 2004
There are few things more frustrating and dangerous than working with a dull knife .
In my quest for a sharp knife , I have purchased many different styles of knife sharpeners .
From whetstones to oilstones , fixed - angle sharpeners to diamond dust - impregnated steels , I have used them all and have spent hundreds of dollars in the process .
Which is why knife sharpening has become big business .
Some sharpeners cost more than the knives .
But of all the sharpeners I have used over the years , I have had the best results with the ceramic sharpeners .
Ceramic material has the hardness of glass which is much harder than steel .
But unlike glass , ceramic is abrasive .
And it is this combination of abrasive hardness that makes ceramic such a good knife sharpener .
However , good ceramic sharpeners start at around $ 25 .
Not bad if you ’re just buying one .
But I like to have one in the workshop , tackle box , toolbox , camp kitchen box , backpack , and kitchen drawer .
That can get a little expensive .
Of course I could just buy one or two and transfer them into the appropriate location .
But that usually resulted in my ending up in the boonies with a dull knife and no sharpener .
Sound familiar ?
Well , here is how to eliminate that problem without wiping out your cash stash .
When I recently rewired my 1930s home I ended up with a bag of those white tube insulators from the old knob and tube wiring .
I found that the tube is ceramic and is an excellent knife sharpener .
You may have to scout around , but finding some should n’t be a problem .
Ask your electrician friend to save you some tubes from the next remodel he or she does on an old house .
If you do n’t have an electrician friend I suggest you find one .
They come in very handy .
But if you ca n’t wait that long , then you can check your local salvage yard or recycle center .
They usually have buckets of them they will sell you cheap ( about two bits each ) .
I ’m not sure why they keep them .
I think people like myself , who ca n’t bare to see anything go into the landfill , run those places .
Once you have acquired your cache of sharpeners you will need some 4 ½ - inch wood screws to attach them to wooden handles .
Be sure the head of the screw is bigger than the hole in the tube but smaller in diameter than the outside diameter of the tube .
Being the pack rat that I am , I never throw out broken handles from rakes , brooms , and such .
They just come in way too handy for window stops , file handles , and in this case , knife sharpener handles .
If you do n’t have an old handle , a ¾- inch dowel from the local hardware store will work .
To use it , draw the knife across the tube away from the handle .
Keep the knife at about a 20 to 30 - degree angle .
Two or three minutes on each side and your knife should be sharp enough to shave with .
As with other ceramic sharpeners , it will become darkened with the steel it removes .
But it cleans up easily with cleanser and water .
That ’s all there is to it .
You now can have a great ceramic knife sharpener wherever you need one .
With the money you save you can buy that hunting knife you have been wanting .
And it keeps one more thing out of the landfill .
You have already voted for this video .
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
Liposuction , now done with lasers in a process called smart liposuction , helps you loose weight .
For more ...
Liposuction , now done with lasers in a process called smart liposuction , helps you loose weight .
For more information on liposuction visit Dr Greenbergs site *******www.greenbergcosmeticsurgery****/ or visit Dr Greenberg in Manhattan or Long Island New York .
He added ; " The documents reveal that everyone who was concerned with the planning and building of the extermination camp would have known that human beings were to be put to death here on an industrial scale .
Republicanist John Hinderaker of PowerLine , Newcomer to Election Integrity Concerns , Charges ' Signs of Fraud ' Without Any Such Evidence ...
Brad Friedman Byon
11/8/2008 , 6:30 pm PT
Rightwing , partisan , conspiracy theorists * and bloggers ( and , perhaps , sore - losers * ) such as Powerline 's John Hinderaker have suddenly found religion when it come to the integrity of elections .
At least now that it looks like MN's Sen. Norm Coleman ( R ) may be in trouble in his razor - thin re-election contest against challenger Al Franken ( D ) .
At last check , there were just 221 votes between the two candidates , with automatic hand recount triggered and scheduled to begin November 19th .
The only thing that 's particularly clear from Hinderaker 's desperate and ill - composed screed over at his Republicanist blog , is that he has no clue what he 's talking about .
Being the generous fellow that I am , however , and more interested in helping to assure the person who actually received the most votes gets to be the winner of the election than I am in any particular candidate " winning " it , allow me to help him with a few of his misconceptions about the U.S. Senate race in MN , and about elections in general ...
You 'll have to make sense of his scribblings yourself , in general , as they seem more intended to inject partisanship and distrust into the race than anything else .
But as " trust " in election officials or elections in general should never be required for citizen confidence in election results , I 'll try to clarify a few points of confusion for the poor man .
The Myth of ' Secure Phone Lines '
First , his assertion that results from the flawed , error - prone and hackable optical - scan systems used across the state of MN to tabulate ballots have their " totals ... uploaded electronically , via a secure phone line connected to the box , to the county where the precinct is located " is just silly .
What " secure phone line " has he been deluded into thinking exists ?
Or could even be afforded by all of these small precincts scattered around the state ?
Does he think the Dept. of Defense is now running elections in Anoka County , Minnesota ?
If MN uploads totals via the Internet for " snap - tallies " to give quickly to the media on Election Night , that 's a shame , since numbers can be easily tampered with during that telephonic transaction .
That 's why states like OH have banned such Internet transmission of results .
Whether they do it in MN or no , I believe I can assure Hinderaker that there is no such " secure phone line " available to election officials to transmit Election Night results .
So his faith in such technology ( versus human beings , who he does n't seem to trust ) is misplaced .
Conspiratorial ' Democrats Fraudulently Adding New Paper Ballots '
Second , as reported totals have fluctuated over the last several days since the election , as precincts have been canvassed and vote totals and memory cards checked and double - checked , etc. , the numbers have gone up for Coleman at times , and up for Franken at times .
Where a margin favoring Coleman by some 700 votes out of appx .
3 million ballots cast existed on Election Night ( that 's not a " 725 - vote win " as Hinderaker misleadingly characterized it ) has now shrunk to just over 200 votes total in favor of Coleman .
So Hinderaker asks this series of questions , some legit , some not , some misinformed , but all of them underscoring the need for transparency in our election process , and how much we 've lost since officials --- including Republicans like Hinderaker who still seem to love electronic systems --- began entrusting our vote - counting to private companies and their flawed , untested , difficult - if - not - impossible to oversee , electronic systems using entirely secret software ...
Some very basic questions need to be answered .
What are the precincts that have allegedly " corrected " the vote totals they originally reported ?
On what basis were the alleged corrections made ?
Did both Republicans and Democrats participate in the alleged corrections ?
Have the original paper ballots been securely maintained since the polls closed ?
What assurances are in place to prevent Democrats from fraudulently adding new paper ballots ?
Do the precincts that have revised their vote totals use the optical scan system that is , as I understand it , nearly universal ?
If not , why not ?
If so , what do the ballot machines ' tapes show ?
If the totals now being claimed are inconsistent with the tapes that were signed by the precinct 's election judges , on what basis can they be accepted ?
Why is it that each " correction " seems to favor Franken ?
Many of those questions are good ones , but it 's a shame Hinderaker felt necessary to present them as the basis for a conspiracy theory * , suggesting Democrats are trying to steal the election , rather than contacting officials and / or filing public records requests in hopes of answering those questions on his own , on behalf of his tin-foil hatted * readers .
It 's unfortunate that he 's such an unapologetic , divisive partisan ( of the type soundly rejected by a mandate of the electorate last Tuesday ) that he would ask : " What assurances are in place to prevent Democrats from fraudulently adding new paper ballots ? "
Does he similarly care what assurances are in place to prevent Republicans from fraudulently adding new paper ballots ?
I do .
I do n't want anybody to cheat .
Can the same be said for John Hinderaker ?
Or is winning at any cost all that he cares about ?
But here 's just one way he can begin to find out answers to all of those questions , if he really cares .
He can make public records requests , in every MN county , for the invoices and receipts for the ballots as they were printed by the printing company .
He can ask for an accounting of voted , spoiled and unvoted ballots and he can reconcile them against the numbers of ballots that were printed , and the numbers of voters who signed into the poll books on Election Day .
The number of voted , spoiled and unvoted ballots , in each county , should be exactly equal to the number of ballots printed by the county , as demonstrated by their receipts from the printing company .
I hope that helps , John .
BTW , the same needs to be done up in Alaska .
But more on that mess --- much more --- soon ...
Whacko
Use of the ' F - Word '
In an UPDATE to his item , Hinderaker describes what he believes is " Hot off the presses , the first apparent evidence of fraud . "
He points to an increase by 100 votes in a precinct in Mt. Iron , an area of St. Louis County , MN .
The poll - tapes which offer the evidence that votes were mistallied by the county when they were originally phoned in are apparently dated " 11/02/2008 " , two days prior to the election .
Officials explain that the clock on one of the op - scan machines was set incorrectly , and that the " Logic and Accuracy " tests performed on that machine prior to the election also has a misstated date in the bargain .
That is not the " first apparent evidence of fraud . "
That is reason to ask questions and demand answers and transparency .
Is it " evidence of fraud " ?
I suppose if you were desperate to make a prima facie case for concerns , one could , even if the explanation given by officials does make some sense , and there seems more evidence of administrative error and lousy voting equipment than " fraud " .
But if Hinderaker is going to use the " f- word " here , one wonders why he has n't bothered to use it before , say , in Ohio 2004 , or in any of the other myriad of elections before and since in which signs of actual fraud were both enormous and still - inexplicable ( eg .
See the mess in all races in Alaska tonight , or Al Gore , back in Volusia County , FL in 2000 , receiving - 16,022 votes on a Diebold tabulator --- that 's negative 16,022 votes and it's never been explained by anyone to this day .
Happy to offer a dozen more , completely unmentioned on PowerLine , if Mr. Hinderaker would like . )
The Non-Existant ' Universal Optical Scan Systems '
As to Hinderaker 's stated faith in a " nearly universal " " optical scan system " , whatever that means , as he refers several times in his piece , his love for electronics is dangerously and naively misplaced .
Since he 's suddenly concerned with election integrity , I 'll suggest he click here to read a bit about the highly flawed and error - prone op - scan systems and computer tabulators used in Minnesota .
He can learn a bit , quick like , both about the ones made by Diebold ( which Diebold recently admitted drop thousands of votes without notice when they 're uploaded to the central server ) and the ones made by ES&S ( on which " The same ballots run through the same machines yielded different results each time " such that they " reported inconsistent vote totals " during pre-election tests in Michigan just before last week 's general election . )
I 'll further hope Hinderaker will join me , and the rest of patriotic citizens of this nation who actually care about free , fair , accurate , verifiable and transparent elections in which every voter and every political party can have confidence .
If so , perhaps he 'll even soon realize that the easier way to oversee and assure accurate election results is by counting ballots at the polling place , with everyone in the community watching and verifying everything , before the ballots are moved anywhere .
That would allow for a decentralized , transparent count that could be publicly well - documented before any Democrats or Republicans or even Russian or Chinese hackers , were able to " fraudulently add new ballots " .
But , somehow , I do n't think Hinderaker gives a damn about any of that .
He just wants to assault democracy --- and Democrats --- by spreading his whacko , rightwing conspiracy theories * .
That goes for his PowerLine conspiracy theorist * partner , Scott Johnson who today wrote , without a shred of evidence for such a remarkable assertion , that " the election seems to be in the process of being stolen . "
If they do care , I hope they 'll read the above again closely , since it contains some help for both them and Democrats , including actions that each can take .
I 'm happy to advise any of them if they really want to try to ensure that this elections is counted accurately , as per the voters ' intent .
* - All references to " conspiracy theories " , " tin foil hats " , " sore losers " and " whackos " etc. are meant as tongue - in - cheek ironic satire , and should never be used as a cynical and obnoxious bludgeon against any citizen who has legitimate concerns about the integrity of elections .
All evidence , however , suggests that John Hinderaker does not fall into that category .
Thoughts , experiments , and opinions of a software developer ... chronicling my journey in technology .
Posted on October 15 , 2008 in Uncategorized
Wow :
“ I ’m afraid if he wins , the blacks will take over .
He ’s not a Christian !
This is a Christian nation !
What is our country gonna end up like ? ”
“ When you got a Nigger running for president , you need a first stringer .
He ’s definitely a second stringer . ”
“ He seems like a sheep – or a wolf in sheep ’s clothing to be honest with you .
And I believe Palin – she ’s filled with the Holy Spirit , and I believe she ’s gonna bring honesty and integrity to the White House . ”
“ He ’s related to a known terrorist , for one . ”
“ He is friends with a terrorist of this country ! ”
“ He must support terrorists !
You know , uh , if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck , it must be a duck .
And that to me is Obama . ”
“ Just the whole , Muslim thing , and everything , and everybody ’s still kinda – a lot of people have forgotten about 9/11 , but …
I dunno , it ’s just kinda… a little unnerving . ”
“ Obama and his wife , I ’m concerned that they could be anti-white .
That he might hide that . ”
“ I do n’t like the fact that he thinks us white people are trash … because we ’re not ! ”
Here is the usual picture of the TED spread from Bloomberg .
I was curious to see a longer - term picture so I collected data on the 3 month Treasury bill rate ( TB3MS from the St. Louis Fed. ) and the 3 - month Eurodollar rate ( EDM3 from the Fed . )
Note that this is current up to September .
Also this is slightly different from calculations elsewhere because it ’s on a monthly basis , so some daily jumps are smoothed out , and sometimes a different LIBOR rate seems to be used for the ED rate but the different versions appear to correlate well .
The advantage of using these measures is that you can get a much longer time series .
Here it is ( click to expand if unclear ) .
BIDDEFORD , Me. 
When Kylie Galliani started at the University of New England in August , she was given a key to her dorm , a class schedule and something more unusual : a $ 480 bicycle .
“ I was like , ‘ A free bike , no catch ? ’ ” Ms. Galliani , 17 , a freshman from Fort Bragg , Calif. , asked .
“ It ’s really an ideal way to get around the campus . ”
University administrators and students nationwide are increasingly feeling that way too .
The University of New England and Ripon College in Wisconsin are giving free bikes to freshmen who promise to leave their cars at home .
Other colleges are setting up free bike sharing or rental programs , and some universities are partnering with bike shops to offer discounts on purchases .
The goal , college and university officials said , is to ease critical shortages of parking and to change the car culture that clogs campus roadways and erodes the community feel that comes with walking or biking around campus .
By Will Grant
BBC News , Caracas
Mr Chavez wants to hold a second referendum on the issue Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has announced a plan to seek a constitutional amendment to allow him to stand for re-election .
Mr Chavez said he hoped to remain in power until 2021 .
His announcement comes after the president lost a constitutional referendum last year .
And it follows a regional election in which his United Socialist party ceded key ground to the opposition , including the capital city of Caracas .
' 2019 or 2021 '
President Chavez told thousands of supporters that he would be seeking the constitutional changes necessary to allow the president to stand for indefinite re-election .
The president narrowly lost a referendum on exactly that issue last December and under the present rules , he must stand down in 2012 .
But now the debate must start around the country , he said .
" I am ready , and if I am healthy , God willing , I will be with you until 2019 , until 2021 , " he said .
The opposition say that the same issue cannot be voted on twice .
But President Chavez may well be able to get around that .
When he lost the referendum last year , people were voting on a whole series of constitutional reforms - one of which was the question of indefinite re-election .
This would be a proposal for a single amendment to the constitution , and as such could send Venezuelans back to the polls some time next year .
It is far from clear whether President Chavez would win another vote on the matter .
Although the president 's personal support is still over 50 % , the opposition has been buoyed by its recent performances at the ballot box .
Any vote on this question is likely to be as close as the last , in which a few thousand votes separated the two sides .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Global Economy is Being Sucked into a Black Hole
" The Winter of 2008 - 2009 will prove to be the winter of global economic discontent that marks the rejection of the flawed ideology that unregulated global financial markets promote financial innovation , market efficiency , unhampered growth and endless prosperity while mitigating risk by spreading it system wide . "
Economists Paul Davidson and Henry C.K. Liu " Open Letter to World Leaders attending the November 15 White House Summit on Financial Markets and the World Economy "
The global economy is being sucked into a black hole and most Americans have no idea why .
The whole problem can be narrowed down to two words ; " structured finance " .
Structured finance is a term that designates a sector of finance where risk is transferred via complex legal and corporate entities .
It 's not as confusing as it sounds .
Take a mortgage - backed security ( MBS ) , for example .
The mortgage is issued by a bank ( the loan originator ) which then sells the mortgage to a brokerage where it is chopped up into tranches ( pieces of the loan ) and sold in a pool of mortgages to investors that are looking for a rate that is greater than Treasurys or similar investments .
The process of transforming debt ( " the mortgage " ) into a security is called securitization .
At one time , the MBS was a reasonably safe investment because the housing market was stable and there were relatively few foreclosures .
Thus , the chance of losing one 's investment was quite small .
In the early years of the Bush administration , Wall Street took advantage of the gigantic flow of capital coming into the country ( $ 700 billion per year via the current account deficit ) by creating more and more MBSs and selling them to foreign banks , hedge funds and insurance companies .
It was real gold rush .
Because the banks were merely the mortgage originators , they did n't believe their own money was at risk , so they gradually lowered lending standards and issued millions of loans to unqualified applicants who had no job , no collateral and a bad credit history .
Securitization was such a hit , that by 2005 , nearly 80 percent of all mortgages were securitized and the traditional criteria for getting a mortgage was abandoned altogether .
Subprimes , Alt - As and ARMs flourished , while the " 30 year fixed " went the way of the Dodo .
Lenders were no longer constrained by " creditworthiness " ; anyone with a pulse and a pen could get approved .
The mortgages were then shipped off to Wall Street where they were sold to credulous investors .
The disaggregation of risk -- spreading the risk to many investors via securitization -- was as much of a factor in the creation of " the largest equity bubble in history " , as the banks lax lending standards or Greenspan 's low interest rates .
By spreading risk throughout the system , securitization keeps interest rates artificially low because the real risks are not properly priced .
The low interest rates , in turn , stimulate speculation which results in equity bubbles .
Eventually , credit expansion leads to crisis when borrowers can no longer make the interest payments on their loans and defaults spiral out of control .
This forces massive deleveraging and the fire - sale of assets in illiquid markets .
As assets lose value , prices fall and the economy enters a deflationary cycle .
There are many types of of structured instruments including asset - backed securities ( ABS ) , mortgage - backed securities ( MBS ) , collateralized debt obligations ( CDOs ) and collateralized loan obligations ( CLOs ) all of which provide a revenue stream from loans that were chopped into tranches and turned into securities .
There are many problems with these complex securities , the biggest of which is that there is no way to unravel the individual pools of loans to isolate the bad paper .
That 's why subprime mortgages had such a destructive affect on the secondary market , because -- even though subprimes only defaulted at a rate of roughly 5 percent -- MBS sales slumped nearly 90 percent .
Why ?
Former Secretary of the Treasury Paul O'Neill explained it like this : " It 's like you have 8 bottles of water and just one of them has arsenic in it .
It becomes impossible to sell any of the other bottles because no one knows which one contains the poison . "
Exactly right .
So why were n't these structured debt - instruments " stress tested " before the markets were reworked and the financial system became so dependent on them ?
Greed .
Because the real purpose of these exotic investments is not to provide true value to the buyer , but to maximize profits for the seller by increasing leverage .
That is the real purpose of MBS , CDOs and all the other bizarre - sounding derivatives ; higher profits with less capital .
It 's a scam .
Here 's how it works :
A mortgage applicant buys a house for $ 400,000 and puts 10 percent down .
His mortgage is sold to Wall Street , chopped into pieces , and stitched together in a pool of similar loans .
Now the brokerage can use the debt as if it were an asset , borrowing at ratios of 20 or 30 to 1 to fatten the bottom line .
When Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were taken into conservatorship by the government , they were leveraged at an eye - popping 100 to 1 .
This shows that nearly an infinite amount of debt can be precariously balanced atop a paltry amount of capital .
This explains why the $ 4 trillion aggregate value of the 5 big investment banks and the $ 1.7 trillion value of the hedge funds is now vanishing more quickly than it was created .
Once the mighty gears of structured finance shift into reverse , deleveraging begins with a vengeance pulling trillions into a credit vacuum .
It all started when two Bear Stearns hedge funds defaulted in July 2006 and there were no offers for their MBS and other structured investments .
Panic quickly spread to every corner of Wall Street as the alchemists of modern finance began to see that their worst nightmare might be realized , that trillions of dollars of Frankenstein investments could be worth nothing at all .
Since the Bear Stearns funds fiasco , there have been huge explosions in the financial markets .
Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , Wachovia , Washington Mutual , Indybank , AIG , Lehman Bros and other industry giants have either gone under or been forced into shotgun weddings by the FDIC .
The stock market has plunged over 40 percent and suffered wild gyrations not seen since the 1930s .
The entire Wall Street landscape has changed completely .
Investment banking is no longer a viable business model ; the Big 5 have either vanished or transformed themselves into holding companies to escape short sellers .
The hedge funds have been deleveraging with a ferocity that has sent sent stocks and commodities crashing .
In one day last week , the stock market plunged 300 points in the morning only to bounce back 550 points a few hours later ; a whopping 850 point - spread in one trading day !
No one but a madman would dabble in this market .
Cautious investors have pulled up stakes and moved to the safety of Treasurys .
Meanwhile , the financial tsunami is roaring through the real economy where consumer confidence has plummeted , unemployment is soaring and retail sales have fallen to historic lows .
The downdraft from the financial markets has flattened Main Street and set the stage for a humongous $ 500 billion stimulus package to be delivered in the first few months of the Obama administration .
The meltdown appears to be playing out much like Henry Paulson anticipated .
According to Bloomberg News : " Shortly after leaving Wall Street as Goldman Sachs ' CEO , Henry Paulson was at Camp David warning the president and his staff of " over - the - counter derivatives as an example of financial innovation that could , under certain circumstances , blow up in Wall Street 's face and affect the whole economy . "
( PAUL B. FARRELL , " 30 reasons for Great Depression 2 by 2011 " , MarketWatch )
So far , the Federal Reserve has provided nearly $ 2 trillion through its lending facilities just to keep the financial system upright .
The Treasury is currently distributing $ 700 billion to key banks and other financial institutions that are perceived to be " too big to fail " .
In truth , the " too big to fail " mantra is a just public relations hoax to conceal the web of counterparty deals that make it impossible for one institution to fail without dominoing through the rest of the system and wreaking havoc .
That 's why AIG is still on life - support with regular injections of taxpayer money ; because it had roughly $ 4 trillion of credit default swaps ( structured " hedges " that are not traded on a regulated exchange ) for which AIG does not have sufficient capital reserves .
In other words , the taxpayer is now paying the debts of an insurance company that did n't set aside the money to pay its claims .
( As yet , No SEC indictments for securities fraud )
In fact , the Fed and Treasury are now providing a backstop for the entire structured finance system which is frozen solid and shows no sign of thawing any time soon .
This is not a normal recession , which is a downturn in the business cycle and " a period of reduced economic activity " usually brought on by a mismatch between supply and demand .
( that ends in two quarters of negative growth )
The present situation is much more grave ; it is the utter destruction of a system that was developed fairly recently and has proven to be thoroughly dysfunctional .
It cannot withstand the effects of tighter credit or adverse market conditions .
This is not a cyclical downturn ; the structured finance system has collapsed leaving behind a multi-trillion dollar capital hole that is bringing the broader economy to its knees .
One by one , we have seen the structured instruments fail ; mortgage - backed securities ( MBS ) , collateralized debt obligations ( CDOs ) , credit default swaps ( CDS ) , commercial paper ( CP ) , auction rate securities .
Now we are seeing investors boycott anything related to structured investments .
This is from Mish 's Global Economic Trend Analysis :
" There were NO sales of bonds backed by credit - card payments in October , the first time since 1993 , when the asset - backed securities market was in its infancy .
Yields on top-rated credit card bonds relative to benchmark interest rates reached a record high of 525 basis points more than the London interbank offered rate , or Libor , last week , according to Bank of America Corp. data . "
Wall Street has turned off the faucet for securitized investments .
That market is toast .
The only reason that Libor and the other gauges of interbank lending have normalized is because the Fed guaranteed money markets and commercial paper .
It has nothing to do with trust between the banks themselves .
There is no trust .
Even so , the banks are not capable of making up for the vast amount of credit which was produced by the now - defunct investment banks and hedge funds which are constrained by losses of nearly $ 3.5 trillion ; half of their total value .
In the best case scenario , bank credit will only shrink 15 or 20 percent , which will put the US on track for a deep " 18 month to 2 year " recession rather than another Great Depression .
Paulson 's attempt to divert $ 30 billion to non-bank financial institutions to revive loan securitization when there is no appetite among investors for such structured junk is pure folly .
More troubling , is that neither Paulson nor Bernanke have a Plan B ; an alternate scheme for rebuilding the financial markets on a solid , sustainable foundation rather than low interest rates and pools of debt .
Everything they have done so far , suggests that they are focused on one thing alone ; inflating another equity bubble .
" Inflate or die " , as the saying goes ; and Bernanke intends to achieve this objective using the same tools that brought us to the brink of catastrophe .
Here 's a clip from a recent speech by Bernanke which shows his determination to prop up the broken system :
" The ability of financial intermediaries to sell the mortgages they originate into the broader capital market by means of the securitization process serves two important purposes :
First , it provides originators much wider sources of funding than they could obtain through conventional sources , such as retail deposits ; second , it substantially reduces the originator 's exposure to interest rate , credit , prepayment , and other risks associated with holding mortgages to maturity , thereby reducing the overall costs of providing mortgage credit . "
Sorry , Ben , the funding has dried up and the banks have shown no interest in going back to the days of conventional " 30 - year fixed " mortgages .
It 's a dead letter .
The Fed and Treasury need to stop looking for ways to reflate the bubble and work to restore confidence in the markets by increasing regulation and reducing the amount of leverage that 's allowable to 12 to 1 .
After all , it 's no coincidence that AIG , Fannie and Freddie , Lehman Bros , General Motors , General Electric have all fallen off a cliff at the very same time .
They are all victims of the same low interest , easy money finance swindle which allowed them to roll over huge amounts of short - term debt at artificially low cost .
When Bear blew up ; lending tightened , demand weakened , and credit was flushed from the system at an unprecedented pace .
Borrowing short for long - term investments is not feasible when credit becomes scarce , but it 's not because the banks are n't lending .
That 's just another myth that keeps the public from seeing what 's really going on .
As Jon Hilsenrath points out in his Wall Street Journal article , " Banks Keep Lending , but that is n't easing the crisis " , that is not the case :
" Banks actually are lending at record levels .
Their commercial and industrial loans , at $ 1.6 trillion in early November , were up 15 % from a year earlier and grew at a 25 % annual rate during the past three months , according to weekly Federal Reserve data .
Home - equity loans , at $ 578 billion , were up 21 % from a year ago and grew at a 48 % annual rate in three months ....
The numbers point to one of the great challenges of the crisis .
The credit crunch is surely real , but it is complex and not easily managed .
Banks are lending , but they 're also under serious strain as they act as backstops to a larger problem -- the breakdown of securities markets ..
The worst of the credit crisis is being felt not in banks but in financial markets ... "
The banks are not to blame .
There is a generalized contraction of credit in the non-bank financial system where structured finance has blown up and taken half of Wall Street with it .
It 's the end of an era .
Here 's how economist Henry C. K.
Liu sums it up in his " Open Letter to World Leaders attending the November 15 White House Summit on Financial Markets and the World Economy " :
" Neoliberal economists in the last three decades have denied the possibility of a replay of the worldwide destructiveness of the Great Depression that followed the collapse of the speculative bubble created by unfettered US financial markets of the ' Roaring Twenties ' .
They fooled themselves into thinking that false prosperity built on debt could be sustainable with monetary indulgence .
Now history is repeating itself , this time with a new , more lethal virus that has infested deregulated global financial markets with ' innovative ' debt securitization , structured finance and maverick banking operations flooded with excess liquidity released by accommodative central banks .
A massive structure of phantom wealth was built on the quicksand of debt manipulation .
This debt bubble finally imploded in July 2007 and is now threatening to bring down the entire global financial system to cause an economic meltdown unless enlightened political leadership adopts coordinated corrective measures on a global scale . "
Rome is burning .
It 's time to stop tinkering with a failed system and move on to " Plan B " before it 's too late .
By Mike Whitney
Email : fergiewhitney@msn.com
Mike is a well respected freelance writer living in Washington state , interested in politics and economics from a libertarian perspective .
Mike Whitney Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
billl
21 Nov 08 , 10:56 traditional values
saving 10 % a year .
minimum purchases on credit .
living " small " .
investments one understands fixed rates loans .
what does this crisis mean to that type of citizen ?
probably not much bill
Chinese food has a bad reputation in the UK .
The rice - heavy meals and fatty meat dishes are thought to lead straight to obesity and heart disease .
But properly prepared , says Chinese food expert Lorraine Clissold , the very opposite is true : the Chinese way of eating is healthy and fulfilling , fights illness and prolongs life .
She also insists , in her book Why the Chinese Don't Count Calories , that a real Chinese diet wo n't make you fat , and that the rising levels of obesity observable in China are in fact caused by sugary , overprocessed Western food .
Here are some of her Chinese dietary secrets – and the verdict of two Western nutrition experts , Patrick Holford and Ian Marber .
1. Stop counting calories
The Chinese do n't have a word for " calories " .
They view food as nourishment , not potential weight gain .
A 1990 survey found that Chinese people consumed 30 per cent more calories than Americans , but were not necessarily more active .
Clissold says their secret is avoiding the empty calories of sugary , nutrient - free foods .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Holford says : " The latest research into weight loss shows that calorie - controlled , low - fat diets are less effective than low glycemic load diets , which is exactly what a traditional Chinese diet is . "
Marber says : " There is one calorie in a Diet Coke , and 340 calories in an avocado .
Which one is actually good for you ?
It 's a no -brainer .
The avocado supplies you with monounsaturated fats and omega - 6 , which actually help increase metabolic rate . "
2 . Think of vegetables as dishes
Rather than an uninspiring accompaniment to meat or fish , the Chinese treat vegetables as meals in their own right , rather than add - ons , as in the West .
Marber says : " I 'm a great believer in combining protein and carbohydrate .
There are n't many complex carbohydrates in vegetables , but they should count as a dish .
If the majority of your meal is vegetables , and you add some protein , you 'll always have a perfect meal . "
Holford says : " Vegetables should make up half of what 's on your plate in any given meal , so this fits perfectly with the Chinese diet . "
3 . Fill up on staple foods
Without rice , which is low in fat and high in nutrients and fibre , claims Clissold , it is impossible to eat until you are full .
Low - carb diets promise to burn fat , but Clissold says that replacing carbs with food that is higher in fat and lower in nutrients is not a long - term answer to weight loss .
Marber says : " I do n't agree .
That Chinese person shovelling rice down is slightly pudgy because they eat too much rice .
But from a financial point of view it 's very useful , because Atkins - style diets are very expensive . "
4 . Eat until you are full
The Chinese eat until they are full , and then stop .
Westerners often take a feast - and - famine approach to eating that is ridden with guilt – purging during the week and binging over the weekend , or skipping lunch to make room for cake , The Chinese tend to eat three good meals every day .
Holford says : " Provided that a meal has a high intake of fibre - rich vegetables and a balance of protein and carbohydrate , which a typical Chinese meal would , then you should eat until you are full .
But the combination of high sugar , refined carbs ( the white stuff ) and high fat allows for more food to be eaten in a short space of time before the body 's ' appestat ' kicks in and tells you to stop . "
Marber says : " What does ' full ' mean ?
I think so much of that message is lost in the conspicuous consumption of the Western world .
But be careful : it takes a while for the brain to recognise CCK , the hormone released when you are full , so you 're actually full quite a lot earlier than you realise . "
5 . Take liquid food
Soup , or a soup - based dish , is present at every Chinese meal , often in the form of a watery porridge , zhou .
Western diets can be very dry , and nutritionists compensate by urging us to drink more water , which the Chinese would never do with a meal .
Instead , they make a nourishing liquid food part of the meal .
And it 's a great way of using up leftovers .
Holford says : " Thirst is often confused with hunger .
Also , drinking does tend to fill you up .
So soups help you control your appetite . "
Marber says : " I 'm a great believer in soups before food .
Miso soup , for instance , or anything fermented – these are probiotics , which help release nutrients from the food you are about to eat . "
6 . Bring yin and yang into your kitchen
A good Chinese diet balances yin ( wet and moist ) and yang ( dry and crisp ) ingredients .
Yin foods cool the body down , while yang foods – meat , spicy dishes , wine , coffee – heat it up .
The sharing , multi-dish approach to eating in China means most meals contain yin and yang in equilibrium .
Marber says : " You should have complex carbs , a protein and a grain together for many different reasons , one of which is the experience of eating .
The typical English bastardisation of Chinese food , chicken and cashew nuts , is a good example : you 've got the softness of the chicken , the crunch of the nut and the satisfying rice . "
Holford says : " Most protein foods are seen as yang , carbohydrates as yin .
The combination of these two helps stabilise blood sugar , which is the key to good energy and minimising weight gain . "
7. Raw power ?
not necessarily
Chinese people do n't eat raw salad .
While raw food has a higher concentration of vitamins than cooked food , Clissold says the research ignores that lightly cooking food makes its nutrients easier for the body to take on .
This way , it can conserve energy for other tasks .
The stomach is unable to digest too much raw food ; this can lead to bloating and weight gain .
Holford says : " The rawer the better .
In almost all cases , raw food has more nutrients , though lightly cooking some vegetables can make those nutrients more bio-available . "
Marber says : " I do n't hold with this one .
Eating a big salad with lots of different raw vegetables in it is very satisfying , and I can't believe your average Brit is going to blanch salad . "
8 . Use food to keep fit
Chinese medicine prescribes various foods as medical treatments : chillies to promote digestion and dispel cold ; garlic to counteract toxins .
The ultimate purpose is to ensure all the organs are working correctly to allow energy , or chi , to circulate smoothly around the body .
Holford says : " Two thousand years ago , Hippocrates said , ' Let food be your medicine . '
But we in the West forgot .
Peasant communities tend to have more respect for the cycle of food and how it supports life . "
9 . Drink green tea
Green tea eliminates toxins , aids digestion and allays hunger .
Scientists have found that it also fights free radicals , which cause cancer and heart disease .
Marber says : " I 'm a great believer in green and herbal teas .
Green tea is an important antioxidant , but it will only help you lose weight if you drink 40 cups a day .
I 'm also a great believer in a skinny latte once in a while – or every morning , in my case . "
Holford says : " Traditionally , when the Chinese want another cup of tea , they 'll keep the same leaves and add water to the pot .
That 's like only using one teabag a day – which means much less caffeine . "
10 .
Take restorative exercise
Try regular , gentle exercise such as tai chi .
A sweaty workout might shed fat , but it is stressful for your body .
Energetic , aerobic workouts are yang – they heat us up – while breathing exercises are yin .
holford says : " Exercise after a meal promotes an active metabolism and helps control appetite .
Although no one has worked out how to measure chi , the vital energy that these exercises promote , it 's a real thing that can easily be experienced .
Many trials now show benefits to energy levels and immunity from these chi-generating exercises . "
Marber says : " Tai chi gives you a sense of balance , calm and peacefulness .
Sweating it out at the gym is the precise opposite , but I can't help it – I 'm vain , shallow and modern .
I think we 've got a really messed - up view of how the body should look , and that it 's how we look , rather than how we feel , that matters . "
' Why the Chinese Don't Count Calories ' is out Thursday ( Constable , £ 8.99 ) .
www.thefooddoctor.com
www.patrickholford.com
Ben Goldacre
The Guardian
Saturday October 4 2008
Important and timely news from the Journal of Medical Hypotheses this week : ejaculating could be “ a potential treatment of nasal congestion in mature males . ”
My reason for bothering you with this will become clear later .
The first thing to note is that this is not an entirely ludicrous idea , but it is a tenuous one .
Most decongestant pills work by increasing the activity in something called the “ sympathetic nervous system ” , which is involved in lots of largely automatic things in the body , like sweating , blood pressure , and pupil size as well as the “ fight or flight ” mechanism .
More activitity in the sympathetic system causes the vessels of the nasal mucosa to constrict , reducing their volume and so clearing the blockage , but they can also have lots of fairly unpleasant side effects , because they tend to affect the whole of the sympathetic nervous system .
The argument from Dr Zarrintan is as follows .
“ The emission phase of ejaculation is under the control of the sympathetic nervous system … ejaculation will stimulate adrenergic receptors … and stimulation of your adrenergic receptors will give you relief from your cold . ”
It ’s a chain of reasoning that would make a nutritionist blush , and has already been responded to by a letter , entitled : “ Ejaculation as a treatment for nasal congestion in men is inconvenient , unreliable and potentially hazardous ” ( in which it is explained that ejaculation increases blood pressure and heart rate , which has its own side effects , increases androgens in the body which could increase prostate cancer , and so on ) .
Now I genuinely love the Journal of Medical Hypotheses , published by Elsevier .
Last year , you will remember , they carried an almost surreally crass paper in which two italian doctors argued that “ mongoloid ” really was an appropriate term for people with Down syndrome after all , because such people share many characteristics with oriental populations ( including : sitting cross legged ; eating small amounts of lots of different types of food with MSG in it ; and an enjoyment of handicrafts ) .
Their articles are routinely quoted with great authority in the output of antivaccination conspiracy theorists , miracle cure marketers , and other interesting characters , but it can also print some interesting stuff .
In that sense it serves a useful purpose , but it also acts as an extreme example of something we should all be aware of : you ’re not supposed to take everything in an academic journal as read , final , and valid .
I once had a conversation with the editor , Dr Bruce Charlton , and he raised two excellent points on the value of publishing loopy papers ( my phraseology , more serious discussion from him here ) .
The first was that academics must be free to just get on and publish things that outsiders might find weird , or misinterpret , without worrying about what the wider public might think .
The Downs paper above was simply uninformative and offensive , pushing this argument to the limit , but excepting such cases , it is a view I would heartily endorse .
Academics should be free to write tenuous papers , and the infamous 1998 MMR Lancet paper is a perfect example : it described the experiences of 12 children with autism and some bowel problems , who ’d had the MMR vaccine ; it did n’t tell us much about MMR causing autism , but nobody should censor themselves from publishing such work on the off - chance that it might trigger a ten year long epic scare story from mischievous journalists .
But Charlton also raises a more interesting point .
He feels that the ideas market requires a diverse range of publication venues , and so his journal is deliberately not “ peer - reviewed ” , the process where the great and the good look at your article and decide if it is worth publishing , or methodologically flawed .
Peer review is a system that has worked okay , ish , to stop utter nonsense appearing in very competitive high quality journals , but it is also riddled with holes , acts as no bar to nonsense being published in obscure peer - reviewed journals ( where the bar is much lower ) , and is also vulnerable to bullying and corruption .
Charlton ’s journal publishes ideas rather than data .
But we have to accept that a large amount of bad quality data is being published , in the 5,000 medical academic journals that already exist ( printing 15 million papers to date ) , and in many respects , we have to hope that this situation will get even worse .
Two weeks ago we saw that only one in four cancer trials is actually published .
There are widespread demands that all negative findings must be published , so that they are at least accessible , but this will often mean that inadequately analysed data from less competent studies are placed in repositories , or published in journals that will take very poor quality papers .
The signal - to - noise ratio in the scientific literature is getting ever lower , and the simple fact that something has been “ published ” is becoming as meaningless as it always should have been : ideas and evidence are there to be read , and critically appraised .
Science is not about arguing from authority , and the era of “ it ’s published so it must be true ” is mercifully drawing to a close .
It will not only brighten up a salad ... but it could also help you live longer .
A purple tomato rich in health - giving substances has been created by scientists as a weapon in the dietary war on cancer and heart disease .
The tomato is purple because it contains the same class of health - promoting pigments found in blueberries , blackberries and cranberries .
The pigments are thought to ward off some of the most serious diseases associated with a Western lifestyle .
When scientists fed dried extracts of the GM tomato to a strain of laboratory mice with a genetic predisposition to developing cancer , the mice had an average lifespan of 182 days , compared with 142 days for mice fed on a standard diet .
Scientists in Norwich created the purple tomato by inserting two genes taken from the snapdragon plant that regulate the production of anthocyanin pigments , which could protect against certain cancers , cardiovascular disease and the degenerative illnesses linked to ageing .
The researchers found that anthocyanins accumulated in high concentrations within the purple tomato , accounting for about 10 per cent of the dry weight of the plant 's ripened fruit .
Although the leaves of tomato plants are able to manufacture anthocyanins , the pigments are not normally present in the fruit .
But the additional regulatory genes added to the GM plant triggered overproduction in the tomatoes themselves , which caused them to turn deep purple on ripening .
Professor Cathie Martin of the John Innes Centre in Norwich , where the study – published in the journal Nature Biotechnology – was carried out , said that the GM tomato could result in a wider choice of healthy foods for consumers , although she accepted that it was unlikely to go on sale in Britain in the near future because of widespread public opposition to GM .
Genetic modification : Health - giving foods
* Golden rice : has two added genes to turn on production of beta carotene in the grains , which go a golden colour .
Designed to boost dietary intake of vitamin A , deficiencies of which cause blindness , endemic in south - east Asia .
* Vaccine in a banana : scientists are working on edible vaccines in GM bananas .
It would be easy to produce and distribute such vaccines .
Work is most advanced in creating a banana vaccine against the hepatitis B virus .
* Anti-clotting milk : GM goats have been created that produce certain high - value drugs in their milk , which is processed to extract the medicine .
Includes anti-clotting proteins .
Belfast Telegraph
The New York Times recently published an “ Op - Chart ” by Tommy McCall on its Opinion page showing what your returns would have been had you started with $ 10,000 in 1929 and invested it in the stock market , but only during the administrations of either Democratic or Republican presidents .
His calculations showed that if you had invested only during Republican administrations you would now have $ 11,733 while if you had invested only during Democratic administrations you would now have $ 300,671 .
Twenty - five times as much !
That ’s a pretty dramatic difference , but does it stand up to a closer look ?
Is it even mathematically plausible that you could have essentially no return on your investment at all over nearly 80 years , just by choosing to invest only during Republican administrations ?
To answer these questions , I of course turned to Mathematica .
And the answer is that yes , it is mathematically plausible , using the assumptions made by McCall .
My analysis using historical Dow Jones Industrial Average data available in Mathematica ’s FinancialData function roughly matches the figures in the Times , which used Standard & Poor ’s data .
( I used the Dow because it ’s more convenient , not because I think it ’s a better measure . )
But the fact that they are correct does n’t mean the figures are even remotely meaningful .
Here are some problems with the New York Times ’ Op - Chart :
First , it gives each president “ credit ” for stock market performance from the first day of his administration .
That ’s not reasonable : it surely takes at least a few months if not years before a president ’s actions can start to affect the performance of the market .
Second , it completely ignores dividends : in earlier financial eras dividends were much more important than capital gains , and ignoring them distorts the picture .
Third , it ignores inflation : if the stock market was shooting up during a given administration but inflation was also high , the stock market gains may not count for much .
Anyone can print money , that ’s easy .
Fourth , there is the problem of the great stock market crash of 1929 .
While it occurred during a Republican administration , and while there were in fact a full eight years of Republican presidents preceding it , there were a lot of other factors involved as well .
( McCall acknowledges this problem by including the observation that if you ignore the Great Depression a Republicans - only investment would now be worth $ 51,211 instead of $ 11,733 . )
The question is , how representative , or how fragile , is the dramatic result shown in the Times ?
To help explore this I developed an interactive Demonstration that lets you play with the parameters and assumptions .
Here ’s what it looks like with the parameters set up to roughly mirror what the Times ’
Op - Chart showed .
The differences are somewhat less dramatic ( I ’m using Dow Jones data while McCall used S&P data ) , but still very substantial , 10 to 1 in favor of Democrats .
( Click each image for a larger popup version . )
But what if we assume that it takes about a year for a president ’s policies to take effect ?
We can move the top slider over to shift the zones for which each party is given credit by one year past the date at which they took office .
The difference is suddenly much smaller , less than 50 % in favor of Democrats .
Move the point of investment up to 1933 , when the economy had started picking up again after the Great Depression , and you get a completely different picture : Republicans ahead by more than 2 to 1 .
It gets really interesting if you extend the timeline back and make your initial investment in 1897 .
Now we see that the crash of 1929 was really the bursting of a bubble : the 12 Republican years of Harding , Coolidge and Hoover were a wild ride , but more or less a wash in the end .
( The Dow ’s peak in 1929 would not be seen again until 1954 !
Imagine , 25 years including the worst depression and the greatest war the world has ever seen , and in all that time the stock market never reached the level it had for a few giddy months in 1929 .
Will it be 25 years before we match the Dow ’s high of 2008 ? )
What if we include the effects of dividend reinvestment ?
The picture looks similar for a starting point in 1928 , though note that the vertical scale is now much higher : diligently reinvesting your dividends multiplies your return by a factor of five or more .
( For reasons of data availability these are broad - market figures rather than Dow Jones , and unfortunately we only have them back to 1926 so it ’s not possible , in this Demonstration , to compare pre-Gilded Age performance with dividends . )
Now suppose we include the effects of inflation .
This makes a tremendous difference , much more so than including dividends .
In fact , with an early investment in 1897 , it finally puts you ahead if you invested only during Republican administrations .
Note also how much smaller the vertical scale is : inflation is a real killer .
OK , enough charts , does any of this mean anything ?
You ’ve really got to play with it yourself ( download the “ Stock Market Returns by Party ” Demonstration , along with the free Mathematica Player application ) , but one thing that becomes clear if you do is that you can get just about any result you like by playing with the start date and the assumed lag time before presidential policies start taking effect .
There are simply too many factors that go into stock market performance to expect much correlation with presidential parties .
( To name just one : which party was in charge of Congress at the time ? )
While this is an entertaining Demonstration to play with , ultimately what it shows is that the Times ’
Op - Chart , while amusing , is really just one not -very - representative snapshot of a very complicated situation .
And one more thing , notice the little gray figure labeled “ Current value under Both ” .
That ’s the figure if you had just left your money in the market the whole time regardless of party affiliation .
Notice that it ’s much bigger than either the Republican or the Democratic figure .
Not a bit bigger , much bigger , so much bigger that if you check the box to graph the “ both ” curve ( basically the index value itself ) we have to let it go right off the scale in order to make the other two lines visible at all .
Play with the policy delay slider and you can see the Democratic and the Republican curves fighting it out in the noise at the bottom of the graph while the steady - as - she - goes full - time investment curve towers over them laughing at their silly antics .
It does n’t matter who is in charge , the market is saying , in the long run it ’s going to be OK .
( Repeats to widen distribution )
NEW YORK , Nov 5 ( Reuters ) - Wall Street hardly delivered a rousing welcome to President - elect Barack Obama on Wednesday , dropping by the largest margin on record for a day following a U.S. presidential contest .
The slide more than wiped out the previous day 's advance , the largest Election Day rally ever for U.S. stocks .
There ’s probably no nation in the world more emblematic of the pitfalls and challenges of rapid modernization than South Korea .
South Korean society is a caldron of competition and contradiction , caught between respecting the past and striving for the future .
And now it seems this nation -- which worked its way from the Third World to the First World in a single generation , and whose people show the strain by working more hours , consuming more hard liquor , having more sex and committing more suicides than in any other country -- is facing another culture clash between traditional identity and a globalizing world : the kimchi deficit .
It ’s difficult to overestimate the cultural significance of kimchi in South Korean society .
It ’s the national staple : cabbage fermented in garlic , chilies and vinegar .
More than just food to Koreans , kimchi is a cultural icon and a national treasure .
In Seoul , you can meander through a museum dedicated to promoting its history and beneficial qualities .
Earlier this year , when the first South Korean astronaut ventured into space , three government research institutes spent millions to develop bacteria - free kimchi to send with him into orbit .
“ If a Korean goes to space , kimchi must go there too , ” one scientist told a reporter .
Advertisement
Recently , the Ministry of Agriculture threw its weight behind a $ 40 - million public - private campaign to make Korean cuisine as famous as French , Japanese , Thai , Chinese and Italian , and spreading the gospel of kimchi is no doubt central to the strategy .
In addition to establishing Korean culinary schools abroad , the goal is to quadruple the number of Korean restaurants around the globe by 2017 .
But last week , a report to the South Korean parliament revealed a flaw in the nation ’s culinary ambitions : the country ’s kimchi trade deficit .
It seems that growing domestic demand for cheap , Chinese - made fermented cabbage has led to a 376 % surge in imported kimchi from 2004 to 2007 .
For those three years , South Korea ’s kimchi trade deficit reached $ 77.3 million .
The national symbol -- what one writer called “ the palpable expression of the country ’s feisty spirit ” -- is now more likely to be made in China than at home .
Advertisement
Everyone knows that eating is not just about satisfying a physiological need .
It also serves a psychological and social function .
Food plays a primary role in how people create and maintain their identities .
We define each other by the foods we eat .
As one scholar has put it , food binds “ taste and satiety to group loyalties .
Eating habits both symbolize and mark the boundaries of culture . ”
But just as much as it binds us to an identity and a place , food is transportable and even mutable .
For good and ill , once I find out about your favorite food , I can cook it and eat it myself .
I might even put my own stamp on it .
I might even sell it back to you .
You might like my version better than yours .
In the U.S. , ethnic food consumption has risen dramatically over the last quarter of a century .
Sociologists disagree about what significance this “ internal tourism ” has for our society -- does a growing hunger for foreign foods make us all budding internationalists ?
And if we ’re eating kimchi , will it , as the South Korean government seems to believe , translate into greater influence and respect for South Korea ?
So far , the debate over the cultural consequences of globalization has been primarily about the evils and benefits of “ McDonaldization ” ( stultifying homogenization ) or , in novelist Salman Rushdie ’s term , “ chutneyfication ” ( glorious mixture ) .
But South Korea ’s concern over its kimchi deficit points to a much more subtle and potentially menacing dynamic of modern life .
What happens when that which you consider to be yours exclusively begins to come from somewhere else ?
Advertisement
If you think this is a silly question , just remember that it was a feeling of cultural displacement that helped fuel the fundamentalism of Egyptian student Mohamed Atta in Germany .
In times of great change , people tend to cling to what they think are the fundaments of their culture and religion .
South Korea ’s kimchi deficit could point to a future in which we are all acutely aware of how intertwined we are .
But it could also presage increased personal confusion , displacement and anxiety , and a provincial cultural retrenchment .
Chinese - made kimchi could carry the pungent smell of a contentious future .
--
Advertisement
grodriguez@latimescolumnists.com
This practical book offers the knowledge and code you need to create cutting - edge mobile applications and games for the iPhone and iPod Touch , using Apple 's iPhone SDK .
i Phone SDK Application Development introduces you to this development paradigm and the Objective - C language it uses with numerous examples , and also walks you through the many SDK frameworks necessary for designing full - featured applications .
This book will help you :
Design user interface elements with Interface Builder and the UI Kit framework
Create application controls , such as windows and navigation bars
Build and manage layers and transformations using Core Graphics and Quartz Core
Mix and play sound files using AVFoundation , and record and play back digital sound streams using Audio Toolbox
Handle network programming with the CFNetwork framework
Use the Core Location framework to interact with the iPhone's GPS
Add movie players to your application
i Phone SDK Application Development will benefit experienced developers and those just starting out on the iPhone .
Important development concepts are explained thoroughly , and enough advanced examples are provided to make this book a great reference once you become an expert .
Olbermann rips Palin for not knowing what VP does Nick Cargo and David Edwards
Published : Wednesday October 22 , 2008
Print This Email This MSNBC's Keith Olbermann , in Tuesday 's " Campaign Comment , " held his own special edition of " Are You Smarter Than A Third Grader ? " in scathingly addressing Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 's latest attempt at identifying the duties of the Vice President .
" A Vice President has a really great job , " Alaska governor and McCain running mate Sarah Palin told Denver 's KUSA - TV on Monday in response to a question submitted by a local third - grader , " because not only are they there to support the President 's agenda , they 're like the team member -- the team mate -- to that president .
But also , they 're in charge of the United States Senate , so if they want to , they can really get in there with the senators and make a lot of good policy changes that will make life better ... "
" Oh , I 'm so sorry , Governor , " Olbermann said .
" The correct answer to that question can be found in the Constitution of the United States , Article 1 , Section 3 . "
The constitutional duties of the Vice President entail casting a tie - breaking vote in the Senate , and serving as President should the sitting president become incapacitated , resign or die .
" The Vice President , " he added , " is not in charge of jack , Governor , let alone in charge of the Senate .
And you are not smarter than a third - grader . "
" We 're just wrapping up eight years of a vice president who had no clue what his damn job consisted of , [ and ] could n't even correctly find his governmental branch with both hands .
The last thing anybody in this country wants , Republican or Democrat , is another buccaneer in there making it up as they go along , and presuming , in your case , that you can stride into the Senate and change policy if you want to .
" Besides which , Governor , exactly how on Earth could you not have the correct answer by now ?
It 's not like this is the first time you 've been asked about the vice presidency and gone all Miss South Carolina on us ! "
" Maybe I 'm raising the bar too high , " he closed , " but at least I 'd wait until you achieve office before trying to seize power extraconstitutionally !
The founders , Governor , were not George Bush and Dick Cheney ! "
This video is from MSNBC's Countdown , broadcast October 21 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
November 24 , 2008  -- AIG , Citibank and a number of other federally bailed - out financial institutions have no plans to cancel hundreds of millions of dollars in sports team sponsorships , even as they take billions in taxpayer support , ABC News has found .
In boom times , the sponsorships were seen as a way to advertise the firms ' " brands " and appeal to potential customers .
Even today , at least one bank told ABC News that a naming deal was increasing its revenue .
But critics , including a member of Congress , say the decision to continue them now is hard to defend .
Struggling Citibank just sealed a multi-billion - dollar emergency " backstop " deal with the U.S. government .
The financial behemoth , suffering with billions in bad mortgage - related assets on its books , recently shed 53,000 workers and saw its stock price lose over half its value .
Yet it 's in a 20 - year contract to pay the New York Mets $ 400 million to name the team 's new stadium " Citi Field . "
" This type of spending is indefensible and unacceptable to Citigroup 's new partner and largest investor : the American taxpayer , " said Rep. Elijah Cummings , D - Md. , in a statement Monday .
Citi is n't alone : Imploding insurance giant AIG is paying the British soccer team Manchester United $ 125 million for the privilege of having its logo appear on Man U 's uniforms .
That , despite the fact the firm is standing largely thanks to a $ 150 billion lifeline from the U.S. Treasury .
" A friend of mine joked they should put ' US Treasury ' on the front of their uniforms , " said Steve Ellis of Taxpayers for Common Sense , a Washington , D.C. - based nonpartisan watchdog group which is outraged by the expenditures .
In boom times it was fine for AIG , Citi and others to spend millions on naming rights and other promotional arrangements with professional sports teams , critics say – even if they 're a waste of money , as some marketing experts believe .
But when the economy teeters on the brink of collapse – and firms are using American taxpayers ' money to keep lending or just keep their doors open – those critics are making a stink about the expensive deals .
" Up until now they were businesses who could invest or waste their money as they see fit , " said Taxpayers for Common Sense 's Ellis .
" But now we 're the shareholders .
And frittering their money away with naming rights and ties to sports teams is n't a really good investment of taxpayers ' money -- particularly when credit markets are collapsed . "
AIG Responds to Manchester United Deal
A spokesman for AIG confirmed that its sponsorship deal with Manchester United remains in place , but that the company is " reviewing all sponsorships to identify any relationship that might be essential , to maintain the value of the business and service customers , so we can repay the [ government ] loan . "
Citicorp is not reviewing its deal with the Mets , chief financial officer Gary Crittenden said in an interview Monday .
Crittenden told CNBC the contract was " legal and binding " and " not an issue . "
Last week , a bank spokesman defended the arrangement , saying that " there is absolutely no relationship between our sports marketing expenses , including Citi Field , " and the government funds it had already received .
That 's not enough for Rep. Cummings .
" I strongly urge Citigroup to find a way out of this contract and instead spend that $ 400 million on retaining its employees and restoring confidence in its operations , " he said .
AIG and Citibank are just two examples TCS cites of institutions who are taking federal money with one hand , and paying hefty sums to sports sponsorships and naming deals with the other .
Many are banks which are not perceived as financially faltering , who have taken money from the Treasury 's Troubled Assets Relief Program ( TARP ) to boost their anemic lending .
Bank of America ( TARP take : $ 25 billion ) is reportedly poised to ink a $ 20 million - a- year sponsorship with the New York Yankees – a team that is hardly hurting for cash .
They are already in a reported 20 - year , $ 140 million deal with the Carolina Panthers football team to call the team 's arena " Bank of America Stadium . "
Bank of America spokesman Joseph Goode said his bank 's deal with the Panthers is making the bank money .
" Any investments we make in sponsorship marketing are directly linked to driving revenue growth for the bank , " he said , noting the deal also allowed Bank of America to market debit cards with the Panthers logo .
He would not comment on the reported pending deal with the Yankees .
Even before the crisis , some marketers believed the naming and sponsor deals were idiotic .
" It 's pretty clear that it 's a complete and utter waste of money , ego - driven , " said Seth Godin , a marketing guru and bestselling author .
Other Firms Take Public Support , Keep Sponsorship Deals
It 's time for banks to re-evaluate these deals , says Ellis .
U.S. taxpayers ponied up billions to these to lend because they would n't do it with their own money , said Ellis .
But now , " Just as Americans all over the country are having to decide , ' what am I going to do without ? ' companies are going to have to make those decisions , " he said .
" At the end of the day , they 've got to look at the taxpayers and say , ' Yeah , we 'll take your money and spend some of our assets on [ naming ] a stadium , or a college bowl , ' " said Ellis .
" That 's a hard sell to the public , obviously . "
Who else is taking public support while holding pricey naming deals ?
It 's not a short list .
Among the biggest :
PNC Bank ( $ 7.7 billion in TARP funds pledged ) is locked in a 20 - year , $ 30 million deal to keep the home of the Pittsburgh Pirates named " PNC Park . "
A spokesman there said the bank did not use TARP funds to make payments on the deal .
J.P. Morgan Chase ( $ 25 billion from TARP ) has a 30 - year , $ 66 million contract for the Arizona Diamondbacks to call their stadium " Chase Field . "
" That was an agreement that was signed 11 years ago , " by a bank that was bought by Chase , said bank spokesman Tom Kelley .
" Tell me what 2008 has to do with 1997 ?
That 's a contractual obligation . "
Comerica ( $ 2.3 billion in TARP funds pledged ) has an identical deal with the Detroit Tigers to refer to their home field as " Comerica Park . "
Both expire in 2028 .
" From our perspective , they 're not connected , " said Comerica 's Wayne Mielke of the stadium deal and the bank 's anticipated receipt of bailout funds .
" Why should it be reviewed ? "
The cost of the naming rights , said Mielke , " does not inhibit our ability to lend . "
Capital
One – famous for their tagline , " What 's in your wallet ? " and a recipient of $ 2.3 billion in TARP money – are the proud and paying sponsor of the Capital One Bowl , formerly known as the Florida Citrus Bowl .
The bank did not respond to requests for comment .
Naming deals are " a big gamble , " said Steve Hall , a marketing industry veteran who writes a popular advertising blog , AdRants.com .
" My whole issue with the naming rights is , in a lot of cases it just sounds stupid .
' Staples Center ' . . .
It 's sort of taken away the good old glory days of sports . "
That said , Hall noted that buying a stadium gets a company 's name repeated an awful lot .
" When a stadium gets named after a company , it gets mentioned millions of times , " he said .
Spend Money on Customer Service Not Naming Rights , Says Critic
Instead of spending millions on naming rights , marketing guru Godin says , why not invest in something that will really improve the credibility and public opinion of banks : customer service .
" Instead of spending $ 400 million to put your name on the side of a stadium , how about hiring enough people so that every time someone calls you on the phone it would be answered by someone who knew your name and was delighted to hear from you ? "
Despite the criticism from watchdogs like Taxpayers for Common Sense , given the current crisis Godin said banks would be right to follow through with these costly sponsorships .
The economic collapse is being fueled by a lack of confidence in what tomorrow will bring , he said , and banks ' changing their behavior would signal that fear is justified .
" When banks walk around .
. . wasting money on sports sponsorships , " said Godin , " it sends a message of profligate spending and confidence . "
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
Predicting the fickle nature of the music business is impossible .
Predicting the demise of a person ’s life is n’t that easy either .
Photo by Bernt Rostad
Rolling Stone ’s article about the death of David Foster Wallace collided in my head during last week ’s CMJ Music Marathon , five nights of non -stop newish bands playing at NYC ’s best and worst venues .
I kept coming home and wondering what was going on under the hood of these bands ; if I had just seen the singer who would come unhinged at 25 , or if that same singer ’s band might never even make it onto more than forty hard drives .
Predicting the fickle nature of the music business is impossible .
Predicting the demise of a person ’s life is n’t that easy either .
Sitting on my living room floor in my dumb blue gym shorts , surrounded by piles of CD ’s and cassettes , I came up with the following list of people who made great music for too short of a time .
Please add your additions to the replies .
Elliot Smith “ Needle In The Hay ”
It was n’t even subtle .
It was right there .
The problem .
I ’m taking the cure so I can be quiet whenever I want … you ought to be proud that I ’m getting good marks .
Elliot Smith photo by PatCastaldo
It was terrible to hear as a fan .
You ’d learn the words , sing them , maybe finger your guitar on the right frets , then realize what they meant .
And what was coming , no matter how much you wished it would n’t .
If you do n’t own XO , please do .
( Steven Paul Smith , 1969 - 2003 ) – Needle In The Hay
Metallica “ ( Anesthesia ) Pulling Teeth ”
The fifth song on their first album is a bass solo .
With no wimpy “ Enter Sandman ” in the realm of possibility , Cliff Burton whipped his hair and played this in ways that just plain confused me .
It certainly was n’t the metal that I had been hearing – there was no lipstick clogging the distortion .
Seeing Cliff live made me realize that it was probably going to be the puzzling things in life that might be the most indelible .
( Clifford Lee Burton , 1962 - 1986 ) – ( Anesthesia ) - Pulling Teeth ( LP Version )
Jeff Buckley “ Halleluja ( live at Sin-e ) ”
A cover , “ Halleluja ” has somehow become Jeff ’s hallowed moment on tape .
His version has been bastardized to the point where it ’s almost become damaged , were it not for this recording .
At 9:15 and full of tuning issues , this reminds me why his take was better than anyone ’s will ever be .
For those of us sitting at Sine - E , his performances were a triumph for the cute little guy who washed clothes in the machine next to ours .
“ Let ’s go drink and sleep ! ” he says at the end .
We were going wherever he went .
( Jeffrey Scott Buckley , 1966 - 1997 ) – Hallelujah
Photo by pinkbelt
Nirvana “ Drain You ( live in Seattle , WA , October 31 , 1991 ) ”
What a fucking mess .
Missed words , chords almost disregarded , the bridge never quite filling out .
It ’s gorgeous .
This was the real Nirvana , the one that decked us .
This was n’t the song about deodorant that made fratboys scream and woot .
Their stage presence was a turbulent ride between apathetic and aggressive , in a way I had n’t seen since the Ramones .
( Kurt Donald Cobain , 1967 - 1994 ) – Drain You
Buddy Holly “ Everyday ”
Impossible to replicate , no matter how many have ripped him off .
This was a guy who was supposed to write songs for the rest of a very long life .
It has been sad to see musicians like Roy Orbison or George Harrison pass away , but at least we were allowed to watch their genius progress .
Holly had so much more in him .
( Charles Hardin Holly , 1936 - 1959 ) – Everyday / Peggy Sue
Photo by 90
p
Chris Bell “ I Am The Cosmos ”
Chris Bell ’s original band ( Big Star ) had something that so many musicians have chased since .
His posthumous collection was the stuff of whispered legend , sitting unreleased for almost 15 years after his death .
This song , however , found its way into the public just before his tragic car crash and is the kind of song that bigtime musicians play alone , backstage , with nobody watching .
And oh , Sweet Jesus .
This song .
( Chris Bell , 1951 - 1978 ) – I Am the Cosmos
Matthew Jay “ Please Do n’t Send Me Away ”
Most people do n’t know Matthew – I had to dig through boxes to find this disc .
For me , he represents all of the kids who take a shot at making it every year , yet watch as much less talented artists lap them .
Jay fell out of a building in 2002 , leaving behind a hatful of magic that is being rediscovered by younger artists .
An October 10th show in London saw members of Starsailor and Squeeze ( among others ) playing Matthew ’s songs at Shepard ’s Empire Bush .
I wish I ’d been there .
( Matthew Jay , 1978 - 2003 ) – Please Do n’t Send Me Away
AC / DC “ Let There Be Rock ( Live ) ”
Bon Scott died about half - way through the rock / roll process , only to be brilliantly replicated by Brian Johnson in this same band .
As AC / DC scrapped , scratched , and clawed their way to success , he passed away just before it all paid off with Back In Black .
This recording shows a man who had learned to turn each member of the crowd into a fan , building a base that still sells more records per year than almost any other rock band , dead or alive .
( Ronald Belford Scott , 1946 - 1980 ) – Black Ice
Joy Division “ Love Will Tear Us Apart ”
Ian Curtis went to hell and back , before finally hanging himself in 1980 .
Anton Corbin ’s biopic Control does a fantastic job of covering his brief , difficult life .
Joy Division , a band which almost defines the term “ seminal , ” would only release one album while Curtis was living .
He would kill himself on the eve of the band ’s first American tour .
( Ian Kevin Curtis , 1956 - 1980 ) – Love Will Tear Us Apart
Robert Johnson “ Sweet Home Chicago ”
The legend and lore of Robert Johnson sometimes overshadows his talent and influence .
Did he sell his soul to the devil ?
Was he killed by a bottle of whiskey laced with strychnine ?
He also seems to have originated the “ 27 Club ” , a term that ’s become widely used for musicians who have moved on at that exact age ( Check it out .
It ’s fascinating ) .
Listening to this track , it ’s obvious that he has influenced some of the most influential singers and guitar players of the last century .
( Robert Leroy Johnson , 1911 - 1938 ) – Sweet Home Chicago
Four browser notes
In case you ’re wondering why this blog is updated so rarely ; I ’m taking a slight break from web development , and I ’m working on a major upgrade of my Dutch politics section .
It ’s not ready yet ; I ’ll let you know when it is .
However , while working on it I found a few browser peculiarities , and I thought I 'd let you know .
There ’s one IE bug ; one case in which IE does the right thing and the other browsers do n’t ; the third is a Chrome peculiarity ( not a bug ) ; the fourth is an undocumented property in Opera .
Opacity in IE8 - as-IE7
First of all , I found a difference in opacity handling between IE8 in IE7 compatibility mode and a true IE7 .
In IE7 ( both pure and IE8 - as - IE7 ) , opacity is set as follows
.opaque { filter : alpha( opacity=50 ) ; }
In IE8 , on the other hand , opacity is set as follows ( and as far as I understand this is a temporary solution on the way to proper opacity support ) :
.opaque { - ms-filter :" progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.Alpha( Opacity=50 ) " ; }
I needed opacity for some of the nice political maps I ’m preparing , and did the following :
.opaque { filter : alpha( opacity=50 ) ; -ms-filter :" progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.Alpha( Opacity=50 ) " ; }
Works fine in IE8 , and in IE7 .
But not in IE8 - as - IE7 .
It turns out that you have to swap the lines ; apparently IE8 - as - IE7 gets confused when the - ms - filter follows the filter .
.opaque { - ms-filter :" progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.Alpha( Opacity=50 ) " ; // first ! filter : alpha( opacity=50 ) ; // second ! }
That ’s one more bug solved ( and I notified the IE team ) , but it set me thinking .
Do we have to pay any attention to IE8 - as - IE7 ?
Test in IE8 - as - IE7 ?
This is probably as good a place as any to remind everybody how IE8 - as - IE7 works .
By default , IE8 renders pages with the IE8 rendering engine .
( We had a frightful argument about this at the start of the year . )
However , the website author can order IE8 to use the IE7 rendering engine instead by adding a < meta > switch to all pages , or to the HTTP headers : < meta http - equiv= " X - UA - Compatible " content = " IE=7 " />
Furthermore , IE8 allows the user to switch to the IE7 rendering engine by pushing a button next to the location bar .
( Note that this button is only present if the current site has no < meta > switch .
If it does , the switch is obeyed and the user cannot select another rendering engine . )
Fortunately , IE remembers what rendering engine you use for a certain site .
If you decide to use IE7 compatibility mode to view QuirksMode.org , that mode is used every time you return to it .
If you surf to another site without a < meta > switch , IE8 initially returns to IE8 mode , although you can still overrule that by pressing the button again .
In the absence of a < meta > switch IE allows you to select a rendering engine on a per-domain basis .
This is good to know ( I did n’t test this before ) .
So when it comes to your visitors you can ignore IE8 - as - IE7 ; they will always see your site in IE8 mode initially , and if there ’s no reason to switch they wo n’t press the button and remain in IE8 mode forever .
( At least , that ’s what I think will happen .
We ’ll have to see how users react to the presence of the button . )
However , IE8 - as - IE7 is also useful to web developers .
Eventually , you wo n’t have to install any IE version except for the latest .
It will contain all previous versions ( except IE6 ) in compatibility mode , and testing your website in such a mode becomes a simple matter of temporarily adding a < meta > switch .
Add switch , test site , make changes , remove switch ( or switch to yet another compatibility mode ) .
Cool .
But for this scenario to work properly , IE8 - as - IE7 ( and future IE9 - as - IE7 etc. ) will have to emulate a “ pure ” IE7 perfectly .
With the opacity bug , that ’s not quite the case , and that ’s why it ’s so important to test IE8 - as - IE7 for bugs .
So I ’d like to suggest testing your sites in IE8 - as - IE7 for the moment , and comparing them to a pure IE7 .
Any bug you find will help the IE team .
It ’s certainly what I ’m going to do in the next few months .
HTML : IE gets it right
While working on the same site , I found a curious difference between IE and all other browsers , and contrary to the usual state of affairs IE gets it right , and all other browsers get it wrong .
In my politics site I want to be able to embed nice graphs and maps in the main text wherever I want .
So I devised a system of tags :
< include type=" parliament " year = " 1967 " />
This embeds a graph of the 1967 Dutch parliament in the text , at the indicated spot .
I wrote the script , tested in in all browsers , and it works .
Cool .
However , I ran into serious trouble when I wanted to do some cleaning - up of the DOM structures .
I intended this < include /> tag as a kind of data - island ; a construct that is either interpreted by the script or ignored completely but does n’t influence the rest of the page and forms a separate DOM element .
Unfortunately , all browsers interpreted it as an opening tag , and placed all subsequent content within that tag .
In the snippet below , I intended the two paragraphs and the < include /> to be children of the same parent node .
< p > Yaddah yadday yah .
Yaddah yadday yah .
Yaddah yadday yah .
Yaddah yadday yah .</ p> < include type=" parliament " year = " 1967 " /> < p > Yaddah yadday yah .
Yaddah yadday yah .
Yaddah yadday yah .
Yaddah yadday yah .</ p>
Instead , what browsers did was make the second paragraph a child of the < include /> .
Except for IE .
Only IE obeyed the closing slash and did what I originally intended ; only IE made the < include /> a sibling of both paragraphs .
Right now I ’m in bitching phase ; I ’ll probably cave in and add < / include > tags later on .
But how I wish the other browsers understood the closing slash .
( And I am using an XHTML doctype , so they ’re supposed to know what a closing slash means . )
Appending to a paragraph
On a related note , I once made an HTML error that led to frightful errors in IE ; and again it turned out that IE is right and the other browsers are wrong in not showing the error .
< p > Yaddah yadday yah .
Yaddah yadday yah .
Yaddah yadday yah .
Yaddah yadday yah .< p> < include type=" parliament " year = " 1967 " />
Note that I accidentally forgot the slash in the closing </ p > .
This error made the < include /> a child of an otherwise empty < p > .
IE threw an Unknown Runtime Error ; the other browsers executed the script correctly .
After thinking about it , I decided IE was right and the other browsers were wrong .
Each of the graphs JavaScript produces has a container < div > as topmost element .
This < div > is inserted into the page just before the < include /> , and the script appends the actual graph to it .
In this particular case , they append a < div > to a < p >
The point is , a < p > element is the lowest block - level element there is .
It can not contain other block level elements ; only inline ones .
IE obeys that rule .
It refuses to append a < div > to a < p > , because that ’s not allowed .
All other browsers ignore the rule and append the < div > .
They ’re wrong .
Chrome : looping through object members
Take a JavaScript object and loop through it :
var myObject = { " member1 " : " yaddah " , " member2 " : function ( ) { return " yaddah " } , " member3 " : [ " yaddah " , " more yaddah " ] } for ( var i in myObject ) { alert ( i ) ; }
All browsers will alert " member1 " , " member2 " and " member3 " , in that order .
They follow the source code order of the members .
Chrome does n’t .
It will loop through the object members in what appears to be a random order .
Now this is not a bug .
Every JavaScript book ( including my own ) states that JavaScript interpreters may loop through the members of an object in any order they want .
Parts of my script relied on the browsers looping through object members in source code order .
While writing them I knew I was doing the wrong thing , but I thought “ Ah well , all browsers do what I want anyway . ”
Not so .
I have to add an array that contains the member order .
This is one of the most tricky areas of browser compatibility .
What counts for more , the formal specification or the practical implementation by all browsers ?
If the change is relatively easy to implement , I would suggest the Chrome team follow the lead of the other browsers and loop through object members in source code order .
I ca n’t force them spec - in - hand , though ; the specification clearly gives them the option to retain the current behaviour .
Opera : the text property
Finally , Opera turns out to have a text property for all DOM nodes ( or at the very least for all < div > s ) .
This throws my graph creation script off , because it sometimes stores information in the text property .
Opera shows that information on screen .
All other browsers properly hide it until the right time has come .
The solution is simple : use a different name for my property .
Nonetheless , I wish Opera had documented this proprietary feature .
Comments are closed .
from django.http import HttpResponse from django.
shortcuts import render_to_response as show_page from django.conf import settings from datetime import datetime , timedelta from threading import Thread import time __all__ = [ ' StatefulView ' , ' Page ' , ' FinalPage ' , ' show_page ' ] class Page ( HttpResponse ) : pass class FinalPage ( HttpResponse ) : pass class StatefulViewType ( type ) : def __init__ ( cls , name , bases , dct ) : LIVING_STATES
= {} cls .
_LIVING_STATES = LIVING_STATES
delta = timedelta ( seconds = settings .
CLEAN_STATES_SECONDS
) def clean_threads ( ) : while True : for k , ( s , updated ) in LIVING_STATES . items ( ) : if updated + delta < datetime . today ( ) : try : del LIVING_STATES
[ k ] except KeyError : pass time .
sleep ( settings .
CLEAN_STATES_SECONDS
) t = Thread ( target = clean_threads ) t . daemon =
True t . start ( ) class StatefulView ( object ) : __metaclass__ = StatefulViewType @classmethod def handle ( cls , request , * a , ** kw ) : keyname = str ( cls ) + ' _' + request .
session .
session_key states = cls .
_LIVING_STATES if keyname in states : gen , x = states [ keyname ] response = gen .
send ( ( request , a , kw ) ) else : gen = cls ( ) . main ( ) response = gen .
next ( ) if isinstance ( response , FinalPage ) : del states [ keyname ] else : states [ keyname ] = ( gen , datetime . now ( ) ) return response def main ( self , request , * a , ** kw ) : raise NotImplementedError ( " %s must implement ' main ' " % self .
__class__ .
__name__ )
To understand the meaning of the U.S. election results , it is worth looking back to the moment when everything changed for the Obama campaign .
It was , without question , the moment when the economic crisis hit Wall Street .
Up to that point , things were n't looking all that good for Barack Obama .
The Democratic National Convention barely delivered a bump , while the appointment of Sarah Palin seemed to have shifted the momentum decisively over to John McCain .
Then , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac failed , followed by insurance giant AIG , then Lehman Brothers .
It was in this moment of economic vertigo that Obama found a new language .
With tremendous clarity , he turned his campaign into a referendum into the deregulation and trickle down policies that have dominated mainstream economic discourse since Ronald Reagan .
He said his opponent represented more of the same while he stood for a new direction , one that would rebuild the economy from the ground up , rather than the top down .
Obama stayed on this message for the rest of the campaign and , as we just saw , it worked .
The question is now whether Obama will have the courage to take the ideas that won him this election and turn them into policy .
Or , alternately , whether he will use the financial crisis to rationalize a move to what pundits call " the middle " ( if there is one thing this election has proved , it is that the real middle is far to the left of its previously advertised address ) .
Predictably , Obama is already coming under enormous pressure to break his election promises , particularly those relating to raising taxes on the wealthy and imposing real environmental regulations on polluters .
All day on the business networks , we hear that , in light of the economic crisis , corporations need lower taxes , and fewer regulations - in other words , more of the same .
The new president 's only hope of resisting this campaign being waged by the elites is if the remarkable grassroots movement that carried him to victory can somehow stay energized , networked , mobilized - and most of all , critical .
Now that the election has been won , this movement 's new mission should be clear : loudly holding Obama to his campaign promises , and letting the Democrats know that there will be consequences for betrayal .
The first order of business - and one that cannot wait until inauguration - must be halting the robbery - in - progress known as the " economic bailout . "
I have spent the past month examining the loopholes and conflicts of interest embedded in the U.S. Treasury Department 's plans .
The results of that research can be found in a just published feature article in Rolling Stone , The Bailout Profiteers as well as my most recent Nation column , Bush 's Final Pillage .
Both these pieces argue that the $ 700 - billion " rescue plan " should be regarded as the Bush Administration 's final heist .
Not only does it transfer billions of dollars of public wealth into the hands of politically connected corporations ( a Bush specialty ) , but it passes on such an enormous debt burden to the next administration that it will make real investments in green infrastructure and universal health care close to impossible .
If this final looting is not stopped ( and yes , there is still time ) , we can forget about Obama making good on the more progressive aspects of his campaign platform , let alone the hope that he will offer the country some kind of grand Green New Deal .
Readers of The Shock Doctrine know that terrible thefts have a habit of taking place during periods of dramatic political transition .
When societies are changing quickly , the media and the people are naturally focused on big " P " politics - who gets the top appointments , what was said in the most recent speech .
Meanwhile , safe from public scrutiny , far reaching pro-corporate policies are locked into place , dramatically restricting future possibilities for real change .
It 's not too late to halt the robbery in progress , but it cannot wait until inauguration .
Several great initiatives to shift the nature of the bailout are already underway , including bailoutmainstreet.com .
I added my name to the " Call to Action : Time for a 21st Century Green America " and invite you to do the same .
Stopping the bailout profiteers is about more than money .
It is about democracy .
Specifically , it is about whether Americans will be able to afford the change they have just voted for so conclusively .
Crossposted from huffingtonpost.com
