 The several States composing the United States of America , are not united on the principle of unlimited submission to their General Government . 
~ Thomas Jefferson
For the past few days , Ive received loads of emails urging me to get active regarding the healthcare vote  most of which had a subject line similar to :  Last Chance to Stop National Healthcare ! 
Well , if you believe the only way to protect your rights is by begging federal politicians to do what you want , then these emails are certainly right .
The vote went as expected , and so will the next .
The Revolution : A Mani ... Ron Paul Best Price : $ 1.99 Buy New $ 6.99 ( as of 11:00 EST - Details )
So if you think marching on D.C. or calling your Representatives , or threating to throw the bums out in 2010 or 2012 or 20 - whatever , is going to further the cause of the Constitution and your liberty  you might as well get your shackles on now .
Your last chance has come and gone .
But , those of you who visit this site regularly already know that the Senates health care vote is far from the end of things  and you also know that even when it goes into effect ( which I assume some version will ) , it s still not the end of the road for your freedom .
The Left , The Right an ... Llewellyn H. Rockwell Jr Best Price : $ 7.33 Buy New $ 40.00 ( as of 07:55 EST - Details )
The real way to resist DC is not by begging politicians and judges in Washington to allow us to exercise our rights its to exercise our rights whether they want to give us permission to or not .
Nullification  state - level resistance to unconstitutional federal laws  is the way forward .
When a state nullifies  a federal law , it is proclaiming that the law in question is void and inoperative , or non-effective ,  within the boundaries of that state ; or , in other words , not a law as far as that state is concerned .
It s peaceful , effective , and has a long history in the American tradition .
It s been invoked in support of free speech , in opposition to war and fugitive slave laws , and more .
Read more on this history here .
Regarding nullification and health care , theres already a growing movement right now .
Led by Arizona , voters in a number of states may get a chance to approve State Constitutional Amendments in 2010 that would effectively ban national health care in their states .
Our sources here at the Tenth Amendment Center indicate to us that we should expect to see 20  25 states consider such legislation in 2010 .
Read the rest of the article
December 29 , 2009
The Best of Michael Boldin
An international team of scientists that includes an astronomer from Princeton University has made the first direct observation of a planet - like object orbiting a star similar to the sun .
The finding marks the first discovery made with the world 's newest planet - hunting instrument on the Hawaii - based Subaru Telescope and is the first fruit of a novel research collaboration announced by the University in January .
The object , known as GJ 758 B , could be either a large planet or a " failed star , " also known as a brown dwarf .
The faint companion to the sun - like star GJ 758 is estimated to be 10 to 40 times as massive as Jupiter and is a " near neighbor " in our Milky Way galaxy , hovering a mere 300 trillion miles from Earth .
" It 's a groundbreaking find because one of the current goals of astronomy is to directly detect planet - like objects around stars like our sun , " said Michael McElwain , a postdoctoral research fellow in Princeton 's Department of Astrophysical Sciences who was part of the team that made the discovery .
" It is also an important verification that the system -- the telescope and its instruments -- is working well . "
Images of the object were taken in May and August during early test runs of the new observation equipment .
The team has members from Princeton , the University of Hawaii , the University of Toronto , the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy ( MPIA ) in Heidelberg , Germany , and the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan ( NAOJ ) in Tokyo .
The results were released online Nov. 18 in an electronic version of the Astrophysical Journal Letters .
" This challenging but beautiful detection of a very low mass companion to a sun- like star reminds us again how little we truly know about the census of gas giant planets and brown dwarfs around nearby stars , " said Alan Boss , an astronomer at the Carnegie Institution for Science in Washington , D.C. , who was not involved in the research .
" Observations like this will enable theorists to begin to make sense of how this hitherto unseen population of bodies was able to form and evolve . "
Brown dwarfs are stars that are not massive enough to sustain fusion reactions at their core , so they burn out and cool off as they age .
Aided by new varieties of viewing techniques , scientists started finding extrasolar planets ( planets beyond the solar system ) in 1992 and have located more than 400 planet - like objects so far .
Most , however , have not been directly observed , but inferred from viewing the star around which the planet orbits .
GJ 758 B is one of the first planet - like objects to be directly seen .
Of the others that have been directly viewed , most have been on larger orbits than the distance between GJ 758 B and its star , or around stars with temperatures far above the average temperature of GJ 758 or our sun .
Scientists were able to spot the object even though it was hidden in the glare of the star it orbits by subtracting out that brighter light .
To do this , they used the High Contrast Coronagraphic Imager with Adaptive Optics that has been attached to the Subaru Telescope .
Also known as HiCIAO , it is part of a new generation of instruments specially made to detect faint objects near a bright star by masking its far more intense light .
They also employed a technique known as angular differential imaging to capture the images .
" It 's amazing how quickly this instrument has come online and burst into the forefront , " said Marc Kuchner , an exoplanet scientist at the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. , who was not involved in the work .
" I think this is just the beginning of what HiCIAO is going to do for the field . "
He added that the discovery also emphasizes that this new method of finding exoplanets -- direct detection -- is " really hitting its stride . "
The planet - like object is currently at least 29 times as far from its star as the Earth is from the sun , approximately as far as Neptune is from the sun .
However , further observations will be required to determine the actual size and shape of its orbit .
At a temperature of only 600 F , the object is relatively " cold " for a body of its size .
It is the coldest companion to a sun- like star ever recorded in an image .
The fact that such a large planet - like object appears to orbit at this location defies traditional thinking on planet formation .
It is thought most larger planets are formed either closer to or farther from stars , but not in the location where GJ 758 is now .
Discoveries such as this one could help theorists refine their ideas .
Telescope images also revealed a second companion to the star , which the scientists have called GJ 758 C .
More observations , however , are needed to confirm whether it is nearby or just looks that way .
" It looks very promising , " said Christian Thalmann , one of the team 's lead scientists .
If it should turn out to be a second companion , he said , that would make both B and C more likely to be young planets rather than old brown dwarfs , since two brown dwarfs in such close proximity would not remain stable for such a long period of time .
Researchers from Princeton and NAOJ announced an agreement on Jan. 15 to collaborate over the next 10 years , using new equipment on the Subaru Telescope to peer into hidden corners of the nearby universe and ferret out secrets from its distant past .
This research is a part of that collaboration .
The HiCIAO team is led by Professor Motohide Tamura of NAOJ .
The partnership , called the NAOJ - Princeton Astrophysics Collaboration or N - PAC , provides for the exchange of scientific resources and supports a variety of long - term research projects in which the scientists from both Princeton and the Japanese astronomical community will participate on an equal basis .
The collaboration builds on a decades - long tradition of scientific collaboration between Japanese and Princeton astronomers in a wide range of astronomical fields .
An important part of that partnership is the search for planets , previously hidden by the glare of stars .
Finding these planets is a crucial step in answering the age - old question of the existence of extraterrestrial life .
###
The Subaru Telescope , whose name is the Japanese word for the Pleiades star cluster , is one of the largest telescopes in the world .
The 8.2 - meter optical infrared telescope is located on the summit of Mauna Kea , a dormant volcano in Hawaii .
The isolated peak protrudes above most of the Earth 's weather , making the site one of the best on the planet for astronomical observing .
The telescope is owned and operated by NAOJ .
Radio and TV News Broadcasts : Princeton University maintains at its Broadcast Center on campus both an ISDN line for conducting radio interviews with its faculty and experts and also a state - of - the - art , high definition video studio for conducting TV interviews with members of its campus community .
The radio service is available during regular business hours free of charge to representatives of news organizations , while the TV studio is available to the news media on a fee basis .
For more information , please : e-mail bctv@princeton.edu ; call ( 609 ) 258-7872 ; or visit the center 's website at http://www. princeton . edu / bc/ .
For Princeton University breaking news , visit : www.princeton.edu.
Tags
Economists are currently divided on the issue of how strong the US economic recovery is going to be .
Some are of the view that as a result of the stimulus policies of the Fed and the Federal government , the recovery is going to be quite strong .
Some others are more pessimistic given still - rising unemployment , which they believe will keep consumer spending subdued .
In October the unemployment rate jumped to 10.2 % from 9.8 % in the previous month and 6.6 % in October last year .
Most economists assess the so - called economy in terms of gross domestic product , or GDP .
This indicator reflects the amount of money that was spent during a period of time on final goods and services .
The major component of this indicator is personal outlays , which comprise almost 70 % of GDP .
Obviously , the more money people have , the greater the spendable income is going to be , hence the greater the GDP is going to be .
Consequently , fluctuations in money supply lead to fluctuations in spendable income and thus to fluctuations in GDP .
To establish the rate of growth of " real GDP , " changes in GDP are adjusted for changes in the prices of goods and services .
Boom - Bust Cycles and the Fed
In our writings we have argued that the key factor for swings in the money - supply rate of growth is central - bank monetary policies .
Whenever the central bank , i.e. , the Fed , embarks on a loose monetary policy and lifts the money - supply rate of growth , this increases the monetary expenditure on goods and services , i.e. , we have an increase in the rate of growth of GDP .
Whenever the central bank reverses its stance , this slows down the expansion in money supply .
As a result , the monetary expenditure on goods and services follows suit , i.e. , we have here a decline in the rate of growth of GDP .
Again , for boom - bust cycles — i.e. , fluctuations in the GDP rate of growth and hence so - called economic recoveries and recessions — the key is fluctuations in the rate of growth of money supply .
When the Fed embarks on loose monetary policy and raises the pace of monetary pumping , this pumping is taken further by commercial banks .
The initial Fed pumping gets amplified by banks lending out of thin air through fractional - reserve banking .
" By diverting real savings , increases in money supply in fact strengthen nonproductive activities and weaken wealth - generating activities . "
Now , the key reason for the Fed 's boom - bust monetary policy is the view that economic fluctuations are caused by various shocks .
The role of the central bank is supposed to be to counter the effect on the economy from these shocks .
It is held that if , in response to psychological factors , consumers and businesses are not spending enough money , the central bank must step in and lift the pace of money pumping to prevent the economy from falling into a recession .
Conversely , if , on account of positive psychological factors , people are overspending , the central bank must step in and cool off the excessive spending by curtailing the pace of monetary pumping .
In this way of thinking , the economy is a ship , and the Fed is the captain who must navigate it onto the growth path of economic stability .
Money Supply and the Pool of Real Savings
Changes in money supply not only set in motion fluctuations in monetary expenditure , but also affect the underlying real economy .
For instance , whenever the central bank loosens its monetary stance , the injection of new money into the economy benefits individuals who receive the newly created money first at the expense of those individuals who receive the new money later or not at all .
The early recipients can then purchase a greater amount of goods while the prices of these goods are still unaffected .
Furthermore , because the early recipients of money are much wealthier now compared to before the monetary injections took place , they are likely to alter their patterns of consumption .
With greater wealth at their disposal , their demand for less - essential goods and services expands .
The increase in the real wealth of the first recipients of money gives rise to the demand for goods which , prior to monetary expansion , would not have been considered .
A change in the pattern of consumption draws the attention of entrepreneurs who , in order to secure profits , start to adjust their structure of production in accordance with this new development .
Now , on account of loose money policy , entrepreneurs find it easy to secure new loans from the banking system — an economic boom ensues .
What all this means is that increases in money supply divert real savings from wealth - generating activities to various activities that emerged on the back of increases in money supply .
Note that without the support from the increase in the money supply these activities would n't emerge , since they would n't be able to fund themselves .
This means that , by diverting real savings , increases in money supply in fact strengthen nonproductive activities and weaken wealth - generating activities .
As the pace of monetary pumping strengthens , the pace of the diversion of real savings also strengthens , thereby weakening the process of real - wealth generation .
As time goes by , the pace of production of goods and services slows down .
Note that increases in money supply mean that more money is paid for each unit of real goods , i.e. , the prices of goods have gone up .
With a faster money - supply rate of growth and a decline in the rate of growth of production of goods , the rate of increase in prices of goods strengthens further .
At that stage , the Fed tightens its monetary stance to cool off the economy .
" Real GDP has nothing to do with the real world . "
In the final stages of the boom , a tighter stance by the Fed coupled with the pressure on the pool of real savings also causes banks to slow down their expansion of credit out of thin air .
So all this leads to a decline in the money supply rate of growth and to a consequent reduction of the pressure on the pool of real savings .
With the decline in the money - supply rate of growth , the support for various goods and services that emerged on the back of the previous , loose monetary policy weakens , and consequently various structures that were created to support these goods and services become too expensive to run .
As a result , various activities that prospered on the back of increases in money supply now find it difficult to stay alive .
In short , a tighter stance weakens the diversion of real savings to these activities .
In this sense a tighter monetary stance is good news for wealth generators , since less real savings is now being taken away from them .
As the tighter monetary stance intensifies and the recession deepens on account of the liquidation of various nonproductive activities , wealth generators can move ahead and strengthen the pool of real savings .
At some point , however , the Fed aborts its tight stance and thus renews the support for nonproductive activities by again diverting real savings .
Commercial - Bank Lending and the State of the Pool of Real Savings
As long as the pool of real savings holds up , commercial banks are likely to cooperate with the Fed 's monetary pumping and convert it into a stronger money - supply rate of growth .
However , if the pool of real savings is in trouble , banks are likely to ignore the pumping by the Fed .
Why is that so ?
A fall in the pool of real savings means that less real wealth can be generated .
This in turn means that the quality of banks ' assets is likely to come under pressure .
Obviously , this leads to the curtailment of credit and the curtailment of the expansion of credit out of thin air .
All this puts pressure on the rate of growth of the money supply .
When the damage to the pool of real savings is severe , this is likely to be mirrored by a much more severe curtailment in credit expansion by banks .
As a rule , an important factor that inflicts damage on the pool of real savings is loose monetary policies of the Fed .
By means of strong monetary pumping and a drastic lowering of interest rates , the Fed can seriously damage the process of real - savings formation , thereby setting in motion a severe economic crisis .
Another factor that inflicts damage on the pool of real savings is the government 's loose fiscal policies .
Loose fiscal policy also diverts real savings from wealth generators to nonproductive activities .
From what was said so far we can infer that as long as the pool of real savings is growing , the Fed is likely to find it relatively easy to revive commercial banks ' expansion of credit out of thin air and boost the money - supply rate of growth via loose monetary policy .
In the framework of a shrinking pool of real savings with the consequent decline in credit expansion out of thin air , the Fed 's loose monetary policy is likely to encounter difficulties in setting in motion a sustainable increase in the money - supply rate of growth .
Consequently , the Fed 's loose monetary stance is likely to encounter difficulties in generating a sustained economic recovery in terms of real GDP .
Does Real GDP Reflect Reality ?
In our writings , we have shown that monetary pumping cannot be a catalyst for economic growth .
If it could , then world poverty would have been eradicated a long time ago .
The so - called real economic growth as depicted by real GDP has nothing to do with the real world .
It is only on account of misleading price deflators that the increase in money supply leads to the increase in so - called real GDP .
" The fall in bank credit raises the likelihood that the pool of real savings is actually declining . "
In reality , however , an increase in money supply by a given percentage in a particular market simply raises the price of a given good in this market by the percentage increase in money supply .
This in turn means that the change in spending in real terms will be nil .
Thus , if monetary expenditure on tomatoes goes up by 10 % , all other things being equal , the price of tomatoes will also go up by 10 % .
( Remember , the price of a good is just the amount of money paid for it ) .
In real terms , however , the rate of increase is nil , since the 10 % increase in monetary expenditure is offset by the 10 % increase in the price of tomatoes .
If instead we were to employ an average - price increase ( the GDP framework deals with average prices ) and use it in the calculation of spending in real terms , we could get misleading results .
For instance imagine that money moved only to tomatoes and did n't as yet move to the market for potatoes .
The average increase in the prices of these two goods will be ( 10 % + 0 % ) / 2 = 5 % .
If we now adjust the increase in monetary expenditure of 10 % by 5 % we will get an increase in real spending of 5 % .
Note again that if monetary pumping could be an agent of economic growth , then all our economic difficulties would have been fixed a long time ago .
What Does It All Mean for the Economy in Terms of GDP Ahead ?
As long as the pool of real savings is growing , loose monetary and fiscal policies can appear to be effective in driving the real economic growth in terms of so - called real GDP .
However , once the pool of real savings is in trouble , the illusion that monetary and fiscal policies can grow the economy in terms of real GDP is shattered .
We suggest that the loose monetary policy of the Fed from 2001 to 2004 was instrumental in a severe depletion of the pool of real savings .
The manifestation of this damage is the gigantic bubbles that sprang up in various parts of the economy , in particular the housing market .
Also , the fact that banks are now curtailing credit raises the likelihood that the pool of real savings is severely depleted .
This could be indicative of a sharp fall in the percentage of wealth - generating activities versus nonproductive , wealth - consuming activities .
Despite massive pumping by the Fed , banks have so far chosen to curb lending and sit on a massive amount of cash .
( The yearly rate of growth of the Fed 's balance sheet jumped to 153 % in December last year ) .
So far in November , banks ' excess cash reserves stand at $ 1,046 billion against $ 1.9 billion in August last year .
Year on year , the rate of growth of bank loans fell in November so far to − 7.5 % from − 7.4 % in October — this is the seventh consecutive monthly decline .
Our monetary measure AMS has fallen 9.9 % so far in November this year from November last year .
This is the second consecutive monthly decline .
The various rescue packages and further monetary pumping by the Fed are bad news for the process of wealth formation .
Consequently , all the positives for wealth generation on account of a tighter monetary stance from June 2004 to September 2007 have likely been erased by the stimulus policies since .
Hence , the fall in bank credit raises the likelihood that the pool of real savings is actually declining .
Based on this , we suggest that until the pool of real savings starts to expand again , banks will have difficulty engaging in an expansion of credit .
As a result , the money - supply rate of growth , all other things being equal , will stay under pressure .
Obviously , this cannot be good news for economic growth in terms of real GDP .
There is always the possibility that the Fed could embark on the so - called helicopter - money scheme and try to bypass the banking sector .
This , however , would only damage the true economy further and thus force the Fed to abort such a scheme .
Quantifying the Future Course of Real GDP
After closing at 1.8 % in August last year , the yearly rate of growth of our monetary measure AMS jumped to 33 % by November .
Since then , the rate of growth has been on a declining path : it stood at 23.8 % in August this year before falling to − 6.3 % in October and − 9.9 % so far in November .
The strong money pumping from August last year until August this year is likely to manifest itself in the strengthening in the growth momentum of GDP .
Given the still - subdued price indexes , this is likely to result in a visible strengthening in the real - GDP rate of growth .
( Remember , this is on account of misleading deflators ) .
As a result of a recent , steep fall in the growth momentum of AMS , we forecast that the growth momentum of real GDP will come under pressure in Q2 next year .
( Year on year , the rate of growth is forecast to rise to 1.7 % in Q1 next year before falling to − 0.2 % in Q4 ) .
Again , please note that real GDP has nothing to do with the true state of the economy .
Conclusions
In the so - called " normal " business cycles since the post World War II period , the Fed seemed to be able to revive the US economy with relative ease whenever it fell into recession .
All that the US central bank had to do was raise the pace of monetary pumping and the rest would appear to follow suit .
It seems that the Fed is now encountering massive difficulties in reviving economic activity in terms of real GDP .
Despite massive pumping — in December last year the yearly rate of growth of the Fed 's balance sheet jumped to 153 % — economic activity remains depressed .
We suggest that the key here is commercial - bank lending .
Without support from commercial banks , the Fed will find it difficult to revive economic activity .
As a result of past and present loose monetary and fiscal policies , the process of real - wealth generation has been severely damaged .
This , we suggest , has increased the risks that banks would incur in lifting the supply of credit .
As long as the pool of real savings — the key for the process of real - wealth formation — is under pressure , bank lending is also likely to remain paralyzed .
On account of a strong rebound in the money - supply rate of growth between August last year and August this year , the economy in terms of GDP is likely to strengthen in the months ahead .
However , a collapse in the money supply since October raises the likelihood of a fall in the GDP rate of growth from the second half of next year .
Various measures to revive the economy are likely to make things much worse because they only weaken the pool of real savings .
The Benson lawn in happier times .
As Richard Benson stoops to pick up the Sunday newspaper from his front porch , he 's greeted by a sight that 's becoming all - too familiar : a yard full of unraked leaves .
He trembles a bit , backs away slowly , then resignedly closes the large , Brazilian Rosewood door with a single shaky palm .
His coffee mug drops to the floor , shatters .
Coincidentally , that broken mess of porcelain on Richard 's Italian marble floor has very much in common with his own life .
" A few years ago , we'd have a team of gardeners working for hours before we even woke up .
The crunch has hit us so bad that we can only afford to have them work half - days on the weekend . "
Richard looks down at his new mug of coffee through bleary eyes before hurling it across the room in a brief burst of rage .
" Now they wo n't be here until two o'clock ! "
Like millions of Americans , Richard Benson is unemployed .
In his former career as a senior financial analyst at one of the world 's largest banking institutions , he made nearly seven figures ; but things took a sharp turn for the worse last November .
" My employer would n't agree to give me a cost - of - living raise and increase my year - end bonus , " says Richard , pouring himself a third cup of coffee , " So I decided to leave for somewhere that would compensate me properly .
A few buddies of mine said I was crazy for leaving such a high - paying job in the middle of this ... this ... "
According to research done by The Heritage Foundation , only one in two - hundred American families can afford to hire a Chinese Princess .
Richard barely makes it to the end of this sentence before tossing yet another mug to the floor .
His fist pounds the brushed stainless steel countertop .
" Could someone get Consuela down here to clean this up !?
I am not cutting my foot open again ! "
The screaming and pounding wakes up Richard 's eight year - old daughter , Madison .
While she may only be a child , her family 's economic hardships have definitely put a strain on her disposition .
For her most recent birthday , the Bensons could n't afford to hire all nine princesses for her officially - sanctioned Disney Princess birthday party ; Madison has yet to shake the trauma from this event , even after months of therapy and expensive prescription drugs .
" Kids know .
When daddy can't get a Chinese princess for your special day , daddy 's a failure , " says Richard , cradling his head in his hands .
" Maddy and I have n't spoken since then .
The only thing that makes me feel better is breaking these coffee mugs . "
Just where in the Constitution and laws of the United States does President Obama locate the power to have people in nominally friendly countries blown up by our armies of flying robots ?
On Wednesday , spurred on by reports of the increasing use of drone strikes against suspected terrorists in Pakistan ( and corresponding reports of increased civilian casaulties ) , the American Civil Liberties Union filed a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request ( PDF ) seeking information about the government ’s legal justifications for its drone program .
In a post on the ACLU ’s “ Blog of Rights , ” Jonathan Manes explains why the ACLU is doing this :
The use of unmanned drones to target and kill individuals is a profoundly new way of waging war .
For the first time , military and intelligence officers can observe , track , and launch missiles at targeted individuals from control centers located thousands of miles away , without any significant U.S. presence on the ground .
The technology also permits the United States to target individuals nearly anywhere in the world ….
The ACLU believes that the use and proliferation of this tactic must be the subject of public scrutiny and debate .
But the government has released essentially no information about the legal basis of and limits on the drone program , or its scope and consequences .
The public has been kept in the dark and is therefore unable to assess the wisdom or legality of the strikes .
Commentators on all sides agree that these are not questions that should be decided solely by technocrats behind closed doors .
In order to fill this void , the ACLU is asking the government to release basic information about its use of drones to execute targeted killings .
Sibel Edmonds ungagged , Part 3 .
In this final installment , Sibel gives us a guided tour of the Turkish network of influence in the US .
As a guide , we cite the work of Luke Rosiak at the Sunlight Foundation , and his chart of the Turkish Lobby you can find here .
We name names : the last 3 Speakers of the House are all registered lobbyists for Turkey : Livingston , Hastert and Gephardt .
Along the way , Sibel describes the " deep state " -- the real US government with Henry Kissinger and his crony Brent Scowcroft influencing every administration and linking US foreign policy to the interests of our military - industrial complex .
We also look closely at the role of Bruce Fein in advancing Turkish interests , which seems to conflict with his advocacy for our Constitution and the impeachment of Bush and Cheney .
And Sibel has special criticism of Colin Powell for failing to stand up to the bad policies and illegal events he witnessed as Secretary of State .
Related
I invite you , dear reader , to journey with me back in time to January 1993 , to join me at the meeting of the American Economic Association held in Anaheim , California .
You and I are seated in a great ballroom of the conference hotel , together with some 6 oo economists and economic commentators , to listen to the wisdom of some of America ’s leading macroeconomists : Laurence Summers ( Harvard ) in the chair , Olivier Blanchard ( MIT ) , Robert Hall ( Hoover and Stanford ) , and Edward Prescott ( Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis and University of Minnesota ) .
The topic : what caused the last recession ?
The topic was important , not because of the magnitude or duration of the recession of 1990 - 1991 , but because a second dip in that recession had done in the second term prospects of President George Herbert Walker Bush .
As is usual when ‘ important ’ scholars are speaking , little time is left for contributions from the floor .
Few individuals , other than similar demi-gods are ever recognized by the chair , ever secure an opportunity to speak .
Well , on this occasion , yours truly was fortunate indeed .
By waving my arms as if engaged in semaphore , I attracted the eagle eyes of chairman Summers , right at the end of the conference .
He indicated that I would be allowed a brief moment to ask my question .
I rose to my feet , with 600 pairs of eyes focused on me , and addressed the panel as follows :
“ Colleagues ” , I advanced , with evident presumption , “ I have listened very carefully to each of your three presentations .
Since each of you utilizes the rational expectations approach to macroeconomics , an unanticipated shock is necessary to throw the economy off course .
Each of you in turn has strived valiantly , but without effect , to find a relevant shock in this instance .
Professor Blanchard , you locate a dip in consumption , which is not surprising since the growth rate of the economy performed below trend rates ; but you cannot locate the cause of that dip , the shock , if you will that triggered the dip , despite a considerable amount of empirical research .
Professor Hall , you explored empirically several possible shocks , but concluded that none of the shocks explored triggered the 1990 - 1991 recession .
You conclude that ‘ established models are unhelpful in understanding this recession , and probably most of its predecessors ’ .
Professor Prescott , you utilize a real business cycle model to explore the possibility of a technology shock .
Unfortunately , you cannot locate such a shock , and you end your paper by talking casually about a range of other possible shocks not picked up by your model .
Well , gentlemen , I should like to ask whether you have ever contemplated the possibility that the central postulate of each of your models – rational expectations – is the problem .
Should not models whose predictions are consistently falsified by the evidence be discarded in favor of alternative models ?
Is that not the logic of scientific discovery ? ”
Well , dear reader , you should have absorbed the discomfort that my simple words generated in that oxygen - depleted ballroom !
The papers that were rustled , the eyes that were cast down to the ground , the covert glances projected at me by the more adventurous members of the gathering .
The panel briefly consulted , clearly agitated for the first time during the session .
Eventually , Robert Hall was designated to respond to my question .
He rose to his feet , his body extended to its full stature , his face crimson , his eyes flashing with disapproval .
‘ Sir ’ , he politely spluttered , ( probably meaning , ‘ you moron ’ ) “ you have just challenged the revealed truth of the profession ” .
The meeting ended without another word , the audience dispersed in an unworldly silence , and I left the room knowing exactly what it must have been like to contract leprosy before a cure became available .
But , of course , I was right …
Share this : Print
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : economy - wide shocks , failure of macroeconomics , falsification of theories , rational expectations , recessions
Since the stream of news is still pretty much dry , I figured I ’d throw in something I ’ve been meaning to talk about for a while now , but really did n’t dare to : KDE4 ’s performance .
Since experiences with KDE4 seem to widely differ between people , it might be a good idea if we , together , can find a common cause among those of us having problems .
Before we get into all this , I want to state that KDE4 is a very ambitious and revolutionary desktop environment .
Where GNOME , Windows , and Mac OS X seem content to basically keep their desktop unaltered ( since god knows how long ) , the KDE team took the bold step of starting from scratch , and to rethink all set conventions .
Yes , I consider KDE4 to be revolutionary .
Where its competitors are all rusted - stuck in a particular way of thinking , a particular layout , a particular modus operandi , KDE4 and Plasma are free to be moulded into anything you want – as evidenced by how relatively easy it was to come up with the Plasma netbook layout .
Sadly , as with any new technology , there are problems , and in this discussion , that ’s what I want to focus on .
Specifically , I want to focus on the question of stability and performance .
I ’ve used every version of KDE4 since 4.0 came out , and all of them have given me considerable headaches in both performance and stability .
Applications randomly crashing , background services suddenly deciding to call it a day , Plasma copping out – I ’ve seen it all .
In my latest KDE4 stint , version 4.3 , I could n’t go a day without at least 4 random crashes .
“ Random ” is really the key word here , as the randomness of it all makes it virtually impossible to turn them into bug reports – I can’t even reproduce the crashes .
The performance problems are probably even more troublesome , as you encounter those continuously .
Especially in the area of responsiveness , KDE4 is lagging for me greatly .
Resizing windows , moving them around , opening menus , playing with Plasma widgets – it feels like everything is covered in a thick layer of molten sugar .
Opening applications does not really pose any problems , by the way – they open reasonably fast .
It ’s the GUI operations that are slow – not the applications themselves .
It ’s been suggested to me countless times that my problems are caused by my hardware , which seems ever more unlikely an explanation as time goes on .
KDE 4.0 , 4.1 , and 4.2 were tested on my previous computer ( Pentium 4 2.8HT , 2GB RAM , GeForce 6300 128MB RAM ) , while KDE 4.3 ( and 4.4B2 ) were tested on my current machine , which is ridiculously powerful ( AMD Phenom X4 4×2.2 Ghz , 4GB of RAM , Radeon 3200HD ) .
Both of these machines simply cannot pull KDE4 along , and I find it hard to believe both machines are somehow broken , especially since they pull other operating systems without a hitch .
Both of them perform excellent , without any lag or stickiness , when it comes to Windows 7 and GNOME / Compiz .
In fact , I would even go as far as to say that Windows 7 has reached BeOS - like responsiveness levels ( mind , though , that it takes BeOS only a fraction of the power to get there ) .
Basically , I ’m interested in your experiences with KDE4 .
Do you experience any problems ?
What hardware are you using ?
Which distribution (s ) ?
What driver version ?
Try to be as detailed as possible .
I ’ll start – I ’ve already listed my experiences , so here ’s a detailed overview of my hardware :
Foxconn A7GM - S 2.0 motherboard
AMD Phenom X4 4×2.2
Ghz
4GB DDR2 RAM
ATI Radeon HD 3200 ( on - board )
Realtek ALC888 GR audio chip ( on - board )
IDE hard disk
Benq G2410 HD display
Distribution : Kubuntu 9.10
KDE SC 4.3.4 ( also tried KDE 4.4B2 ; slightly improved performance , but ca n’t comment on crashes since it ’s just a beta )
Proprietary ATI driver version : 8.660-0ubuntu4 ( from official repository )
With some luck , we might be able to determine some common factors among those with problems ( or among those without , of course ) , so that those of us having problems might be able to do something about it .
I really want to use KDE4 ( I actually like it ) , but I wo n’t settle for mediocre performance and stability .
Rests me to say that this story is not about bashing KDE – I ’m genuinely interested in finding out why I and others are having problems when so many others have no problems at all .
I want to use KDE4 , because it ’s a great environment with new and revolutionary ideas , and it sucks that I ’m being held back by something as silly as bad performance .
I ’m sure many others with problems feel the same way .
The moment at which the first shot in a major war is fired is always significant , especially if there has been a long build - up to the conflict on both sides , and much is at stake .
In the world of books , a community under siege if not at war , it may be that hostilities have just been joined this past weekend in the one area – digital rights – that has , hitherto at least , been the subject of no more than preliminary skirmishes .
Last Friday , Markus Dohle , the new chief executive of Random House in the US , moved his tanks on to the well - watered lawns of the American literary establishment .
He wrote to a number of US literary agents , claiming that many of his company 's longstanding contracts , negotiated before the internet was invented , or ebooks even envisaged , gave Random House " the exclusive right to publish in electronic book publishing formats " .
According to the New York Times , Random House US is now in effect contesting the ownership of electronic rights with the estate of William Styron , author of Sophie 's Choice , The Confessions of Nat Turner and Darkness Visible .
This battle is symbolic of conflicts across the book industry , many of which have been building in intensity for some time , over the electronic rights to backlist titles ( the same battle is being fought , for example , over the rights to Joseph Heller 's classic Catch - 22 ) .
For most publishers , " backlist " is another word for " crown jewels " .
But it 's not plain sailing for the old houses .
Advised by their agents , some literary estates are concerned that traditional publishers such as Random House are not offering sufficiently lucrative royalties on ebook editions .
Some estates , such as Styron's , are exploring the transfer of these potentially valuable rights to new ebook start - up publishers .
The Random House letter was a pre-emptive strike from a group under threat .
In other words , war has been declared .
Here , in the UK , where the ebook has yet to catch on and Kindles are rare sights , this may seem an arcane dispute about a technicality .
Even in the US , the vast majority of book sales in 2009 were for conventional books .
But the picture is changing .
Make no mistake : whatever the future of book publishing ( and there are many theories about that ) , the digitised version of all kinds of text is part of it , especially for books by authors such as Styron and Heller .
The shot just fired by Dohle will be heard around the publishing world : every imprint of any consequence ( and good sense ) is holding discussions about digitisation , and debating how best to secure the digital future of their backlists .
The argument about intellectual property rights , which is complicated in the US by the " creative commons " is one that can only intensify .
It has profound implications for the future of all the publishing giants worldwide .
The question must be : by making a pre-emptive strike in this way has Random House just alienated the one group – literary agents – whom it might have been wise to negotiate with on more civil terms before declaring all - out war ?
Lenin used to say that the fundamental question in any situation is " Who whom ? "
In the case of ebooks , it 's " Who owns the rights ? " and " To whom should the income return , and in what percentage ? "
This issue , long debated , and still unclear , looks to be heading for the courts .
Meanwhile , the digital book juggernaut rolls on , gathering momentum .
Whatever the future of the book , one thing is certain : the global audience , especially for English language titles , means that it will appear in ever greater quantities in whatever format is available – and that will include hardbacks , paperbacks ... and ebooks .
Random
House has certainly launched a terrific salvo , but its missiles may have landed behind the lines , on its own troops .
Welcome to Toronto Limousine Services !
Toronto Limousine Services offers the best of limo fleet for Toronto Limos to make your night more magical .
Toronto limousines are ready to serve you for your Toronto wedding celebration , your child 's baptism , your Toronto engagement party or for a social or corporate gala located in Toronto in the heart of the business centre of the city .
We encourage you to feel free to navigate through our site , and ask that you take a look at the fleet of limousines and packages we offer .
As well , please contact us on our contact form and place a request through our online contact form .
So , if you are looking to hire a limo for your next wedding in Toronto , a baptism for your newborn , or a night out with family and friends , think of Toronto Limousine Services first ! .
With Toronto Limousine Services , we have a fleet that is second to none in Toronto and will offer all of our clients the best selection of vehicles .
Our limos are great for a Toronto wedding , Toronto corporate function and social gala .
When you are planning to stay and visit Toronto , make sure that you go out and explore the city with on of our Toronto limos from Toronto Limousine Services .
Our Toronto limousines drivers are the limo drivers throughout Ontario that are very safe , responsible and reliable .
If you are a business traveller and have just arrived in Toronto , you will need to reserve a limo from Toronto Limos so you can be transported in style to the hotel , however , if you are curious to visit all that the city has to offer , let us take you around in style .
Toronto Limos is an affordable alternative to the many limo companies in Toronto , so choose Toronto Limousine Services today .
Whether it be a luxury sedan or one of our larger limos , our service will be unmatched by anyone in the industry .
You will find our drivers to be some of the finest , most articulate , service driven professionals in the industry .
Contact us today to begin your process .
Watch " Trick or Truth ? " on " Campbell Brown " tonight at 8 ET for a look into the science , skepticism and secrets surrounding global climate change .
( CNN ) --
One of the world 's leading authorities on climate change has dismissed the contents of controversial e-mails leaked from the University of East Anglia as nothing more than friends and colleagues " letting off steam . "
" Well , I can tell you , privately when I talk to my friends , I use language much worse than that .
This was purely private communications between friends , between , colleagues , they were letting off steam .
I think we should see it as nothing more than that , " Rajendra Pachauri , the Chairman of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) told CNN .
In late November , a substantial file including more than 1,000 e-mails either sent from or to members of the University 's Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) in eastern England were allegedly hacked and leaked on the Internet .
They contained language seized upon by climate skeptics who say they offer evidence that scientists have manipulated climate data to exaggerate the threat of global warming .
The affair has been covered extensively in the global press under the moniker , " Climategate . "
Q&A : " Climategate " explained
One e-mail allegedly sent by the head of the CRU , Professor Phil Jones , refers to using " Mike 's Nature trick of adding in the real temps to each series for the last 20 years ... to hide the decline . "
As one of the world 's leading research bodies on climate change , the CRU 's research was used in the IPCC 's Fourth Assessment Report released in 2007 , which is considered to be the most authoritative report on climate change to date .
Explainer :
What is at stake in Copenhagen ?
Pachauri told CNN there was no way that unreliable climate data could have made its way into the IPCC report .
" There are so many checks and balances in the processes and procedures that we follow at the IPCC , there is not one iota of possibility that something like this would happen , " he said .
He added he would not hesitate in using the unit 's information in any future IPCC reports .
" Well why not , if they are qualified in professional terms I certainly would , " Pachauri said .
" I do n't see any reason why they should be excluded .
The fact is that their actions , their contributions have been totally above board .
And they 've been completely objective in what they 've carried out .
So I do n't have any reason whatsoever to leave them out if there 's a requirement and they qualify , " he added .
Last week , Jones stepped down from his position as head of the CRU while a review is conducted into claims of data tampering .
The e-mails were released just three weeks before the start of the United Nations climate summit in Copenhagen where around 100 heads of state are meeting to agree on a new climate deal .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Friday , December 4 , 2009
A civil servant who is a member of one of the most vehemently pro man-made global warming advocacy organizations in Europe which also has direct ties to the IPCC has been handed the job of whitewashing the investigation into the University of East Anglia , while absurdly billing himself as impartial and unconnected to climate science .
Meanwhile , the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has ludicrously announced that it will conduct its own investigation into the climategate scandal , despite the fact that the suspects involved have intimate ties to the IPCC , with one of the primary scientists accused of manipulating climate data being a lead author of the 1995 , 2001 , and 2007 IPCC reports .
“ The UN ’s Intergovernmental Panel of Climate Change ( IPCC ) is the leading body for assessing climate change science , ” reports the Daily Mail .
IPCC chairman Dr Rajendra Pachauri told the BBC the claims were serious and he wanted them investigated .
“ We will certainly go into the whole lot and then we will take a position on it , ’ he said . ”
“ We certainly do n’t want to brush anything under the carpet .
This is a serious issue and we will look into it in detail . ”
Having the IPCC investigate climategate would be like Ken Lay heading up the Enron enquiry .
One of the primary climategate suspects , Kevin Trenberth , is a lead IPCC author , having been influential in crafting the 1995 , 2001 , and 2007 IPCC reports .
Professor Phil Jones , who infamously wrote of the need to “ hide the decline ” in global warming , is also a primary IPCC contributor , having been in charge of the two key sets of data used by the IPCC to draw up its reports .
In addition , another climategate suspect , Michael Mann , was the creator of the debunked “ hockey stick ” graph , which was “ Given star billing by the IPCC , not least for the way it appeared to eliminate the long - accepted Mediaeval Warm Period when temperatures were higher than they are today . ”
[ efoods ]
There is little pretense about the fact that the UN will merely absolve its own scientists of blame , the larger scam is the notion that civil servant Sir ( Alastair ) Muir Russell , who has been picked to head the investigation into East Anglia University , after an earlier trial balloon to have the inquiry headed by warmist advocate Lord Rees was shot down , is impartial , when he is a member of The Royal Society of Edinburgh , a vehemently pro-man made global warming organization .
“ As a measure of how out of touch UEA is , they apparently have little idea that the title “ former civil servant ” does not inspire much confidence from skeptics , since it has been “ civil servants ” who have been blocking access to the data and procedures all along , ” writes Anthony Watts .
Russell has pitched himself as someone with “ no links to either the university or the climate science community , ” yet he is firmly a member of the academic establishment , being the former Principal and Vice - Chancellor of the University of Glasgow .
Russell is the quintessential establishment lackey , having been appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in the Queen ’s Birthday Honours in 2001 .
There ’s little doubt that Russell is an establishment insider who has been tasked with whitewashing the whole affair .
He is a member of the Royal Society of Edinburgh , an offshoot of the same organization that Lord Rees is a part of .
The Royal Society of Edinburgh “ provides annual grants totaling over half a million pounds for research ” in Scottish universities , a sizeable portion of which goes to research attempting to validify claims about man-made global warming .
The RSE has thrown its weight behind the global warming movement , lending its absolute support for legislation aimed at reducing carbon emissions by 80 % , a process that will devastate the global economy and living standards .
This organization has been even more vehement than national governments in its advocacy of the man -made cause of global warming , calling for such drastic CO2 cuts to be made in the short term , not even by the usual target date of 2050 .
A February 2009 response to the Climate Change ( Scotland ) Bill outlines the organization ’s staunch advocacy for the hypothesis of anthropogenic ( man- made ) global warming .
Earlier this year , The Royal Society of Edinburgh elected Professor Peter Smith to become one of its members .
Smith just happens to be the Convening Lead Author of Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) Fourth Assessment Report .
He has also been a lead author for numerous other IPCC reports over the past thirteen years .
How can a proud member of an organization that is aggressively pushing measures to cut CO2 in the name of halting alleged man-made global warming , while also having a direct relationship with the UN IPCC , bill himself as being totally impartial and unconnected to climate science ?
The climategate scandal has grown wings and taken flight .
This is a scandal within a scandal , the notion that the very crooks caught manipulating data can appoint their own allies to “ investigate ” their wrongdoing and think nothing of it , while claiming that such individuals are impartial and independent , is beyond belief .
The only real investigation of climategate has to occur at the congressional or parliamentary level , preferably both , and it has to be completely open and transparent – not sneakily wrapped up behind closed doors by organizations like the IPCC and members of the Royal Society of Edinburgh , both of whom have a massive stake in protecting and upholding the entire climate change fraud .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Tens of thousands of people demonstrated in the center of Rome against Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi Saturday after an Internet call for a “ No Berlusconi Day . ”
Most of them wore scarves , T - shirts or sweaters in various shades of violet after the group of bloggers who organized the protest chose it as the only colour not used by political parties .
ADVERTISEMENT
The organizers claimed to have attracted 350,000 supporters from a wide spectrum of society , backed by mainly left - wing opposition parties .
One of the organizers , Gianfranco Mascia , told journalists he thought the crowds may even have passed a million .
Banners carried by the marchers calling on Berlusconi to quit referred to the prime minister ’s various legal problems , including suspicions of corruption and tax fraud .
“ We want Berlusconi to resign because we do not feel that he represents us , ” one of the organizers , Emmanuele de Pascale , 28 , told AFP .
Former minister Rosy Bindi said she took part as a “ simple citizen ” and not as a representative of the Democratic Party ( PD ) .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It is significant that a large part of the country is reacting against and getting angry at a prime minister who does n’t want to be judged and is n’t solving problems , ” she told AFP .
Antonio di Pietro , a former anti-corruption judge and now leader of the Italy of Values party , denounced “ the Berlusconi government ’s great electoral , political , judicial and media swindle ” .
Participants ranged from film director Nanni Moretti , who condemned Berlusconi ’s domination of Italian television , to ecologists opposed to a planned bridge across the Straits of Messina and immigrant defense groups .
ADVERTISEMENT
Protesters shouted “ mafioso ” at effigies of the billionaire prime minister , referring to a Mafia hitman who testified at a trial in Turin that his boss alleged Berlusconi had aided organized crime .
Berlusconi has vehemently denied ties to the Mafia .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video was published to YouTube by user farabuttocomunista on Dec. 5 , 2009 .
With AFP
* November nuclear utilisation rate 8.5 pct pts higher yr/yr
* Rate up 3.1 pct pts m/m after restart of several units ( Adds details , table )
TOKYO , Dec 1 ( Reuters ) - Japan 's nuclear utilisation rate climbed year - on - year in November , rising for the third month in a row , as utilities increased power output ahead of winter .
The nuclear power plant utilisation rate at Japan 's 10 nuclear power companies averaged 66.6 percent in November , 8.5 percentage points higher than a year ago , the trade ministry said on Tuesday .
Last month 's nuclear run rate was also 3.1 percentage points higher than in October , reflecting the restart of several units before winter , when power demand typically rises as consumers increase electric heater use to combat colder weather .
The earlier restart of two reactors at Tokyo Electric Power Co's ( TEPCO ) 9501.T Kashiwazaki - Kariwa nuclear plant has also given a boost to nuclear runs in the country this year .
TEPCO was forced to shut the seven units at the plant , the world 's largest , over two years ago following a major earthquake in northern Japan .
Below is a list of nuclear power generators and the nuclear power plant utilisation rate for November , according to the data .
Nine Japanese utilities and electricity wholesaler Japan Atomic Power
Co have 53 nuclear power generators for commercial use , with a total generating capacity of 47,935 megawatts , the world 's third highest .
NOVEMBER
Company Run rate ( % )
Hokkaido Electric Power Co 9509 .T 102.7
Tohoku Electric Power Co 9506 .T 67.7
Tokyo Electric Power Co 9501.T 61.7
Chubu Electric Power Co 9502 .T 64.2
Hokuriku Electric Power Co 9505 .T 60.1
Kansai Electric Power Co 9503 .T 57.7
Chugoku Electric Power Co 9504.T 101.0
Shikoku Electric Power Co 9507 .T 101.4
Kyushu Electric Power Co 9508 .T 83.6
home
The first book written about the Recovered factories is now available in English !
The Silent Change , by journalist Esteban Magnani , has been translated to English .
This new edition features a foreword by Working World co-founder Brendan Martin that situates the movement in the context of the current financial crisis .
Esteban Magnani was a key member of the crew that made The Take , and made extensive use of transcripts of the 240 hours of footage we shot for the film in writing this book .
He has also been a member of The Working World since day one , and still works daily with recovered companies , helping them produce more and hire new workers through solidarity financing .
This new edition of The Silent Change includes Esteban 's update on the persistence and continued growth of democratic workplaces in Argentina .
For anyone wanting to learn more about the extraordinary movement portrayed in the film , this book is a must - read !
Click to buy The Silent Change on amazon.com
Also check out this interesting link : http://editorialteseo.com/wordpress/archives/730
Sin Patrón released in English Sin Patrón tells the story of Argentina 's occupied and recovered workplaces .
Or rather , it lets the workers themselves tell their stories .
Appearing for the first time in English , this book explores ten case studies of recovered companies , featuring interviews with movement leaders that provide a history from the shopfloor — history that is still being made today .
Sin Patrón is written by the lavaca collective , who do superb investigative journalism and reporting on Argentina 's social movements .
Foreword by Avi Lewis and Naomi Klein . BUY NOW ...
The Take In suburban Buenos Aires , thirty unemployed auto - parts workers walk into their idle factory , roll out sleeping mats , and refuse to leave .
All they want is to re-start the silent machines .
But this simple act - The Take - has the power to turn the globalization debate on its head .
( read more ... )
buy | view trailer Visit our original , all - too - snappy Flash site
Brendan Martin , a young New Yorker , saw The Take in September 2004 and two months later started this nonprofit organization that makes democratic loans to the recovered companies in Argentina .
LATEST NEWS
Here 's the chocolate factory , but where has Willy Wonka gone ?
No bosses in sight at plants taken over by ex-employees in new workers ' revolution in Argentina
Read more of the Guardian article online here
Major Victory for Worker Recovered Factory - Jugoremedija in Serbia
Dear comrades , allies , and supporters ,
A major victory for worker 's rights and struggles in Serbia has been won following a 9 month factory occupation and a 2 and a half year strike by the workers of Jugoremedija in Zrenjanin , Serbia .
On December 14 , 2006 , the Belgrade Higher Economic Court reaffirmed the June 2006 ruling of the Zrenjanin Economic Court that the recapitalization of the Zrenjanin - based pharmaceutical factory Jugoremedija be repealed because it was carried out illegally through the illegitimate manoeuvres of businessman Jovica Stefanovic Nini to attempt to gain majority ownership .
This means that the ownership of the workers has now been restored to their rightful 58 % of the company shares .
With this decision , Jugoremedija is set to become the first factory amongst the " transition " countries in Eastern Europe undergoing neoliberal privatization to be recovered and controlled by its workers .
The worker - shareholders have called for a shareholders assembly for December 30th at the Jugoremedija premises , in order to appoint a new board and management .
But Jovica Stefanovic Nini , who remains owner of 42 % of the factory , is now obstructing the enforcement of the Court 's decision and attempting to block the assembly by force .
On the same day that the workers sent him an invitation letter to attend the assembly , Stefanovic rehired the same private security forces that provoked the incident in August 2004 while the workers were occupying and protecting the factory premises , which led to the intervention of the Serbian police that forcibly expelled the workers from their factory .
Stefanovic has not yet formally responded to the invitation to attend the assembly , but the fully armed private army now stationed around the factory stands as a clear answer .
The workers are determined to go through with the December 30th assembly .
This will be the first time they enter their factory in over two years , after they were forcibly evicted by Serbian police and Stefanovic 's private army in August 2004 , and then replaced by new employees .
In June of 2006 , following the lower court decision repealing the illegal recapitalization of Jugoremedija was reached by the Zrenjanin Court , Vladimir Pecikoza , a leader of the Union of Jugoremedija , made assurances on Serbian national television that there will be no revenge or retaliation taken against the workers who have been working for Stefanovic once the workers - shareholders take back their factory .
Association of Worker - Shareholders of Serbia
Ivan Zlatic
Workers without bosses at a turning point - November 09 , 2006
By Marie Trigona
http://www.zmag.org/sustainers/content/2006-11/09trigona.cfm
In recent years leading up to Argentina 's 2001 financial crisis , thousands of factories have closed and millions of jobs have been lost .
Many workers have decided to defeat the destiny of unemployment , taking over their workplace and recuperating their dignity as workers .
More than 180 recuperated enterprises are up and running , employing more than 10,000 Argentine workers at cooperative - run businesses , which were closed down by bosses and reopened by employees .
In almost all cases workers took over businesses that had been abandoned or closed by their owners in the midst of a financial crisis .
Many worker controlled factories today face hostility and frequently violence from the state .
Workers have had to organize themselves against violent eviction attempts and other acts of state violence .
This impacts the workers and the enterprises as it means that employees have to leave the work place , invest energy in a legal battle and fight for laws in favor of worker recuperated businesses .
To counter oppose an uncertain legal future , many recuperated enterprises have mobilized to press for the government to resolve their cooperative 's legal status .
On October 27 , workers from Renacer domestic appliance cooperative , CUC worker run shoe company , BAUEN hotel , City Hotel , Bahía Blanca ex-Paloni slaughter house , La Foresta meat packing cooperative and Zanon - FaSinPat worker run ceramics plant rallied outside a federal court to push for a national expropriation law .
Many of the recuperated enterprises have functioned and competed in a capitalist market for years with no legal standing .
Without legal support , many worker run businesses have fallen behind in competition , unable to catch an edge on the market and get rid of middlemen .
Since 2003 , workers have operated the BAUEN cooperative hotel with no legal standing or government subsidies .
Since taking over the hotel on March 21 , 2003 , the workers have slowly begun to clean up the ransacked hotel and rent out the hotel 's services .
The hotel re-opened with 40 employees and now employs some 150 workers .
Employees rallied throughout December last year to pressure the Buenos Aires city government to veto a law in favor of putting the hotel back into the hands of the former owner .
The B.A. government refused to veto the law .
If the BAUEN cooperative does not succeed in pushing through a new favorable law they risk losing their hotel .
A dozen workers from Renacer ( Ex- Aurora ) traveled over 5,000 kilometers for the rally in Buenos Aires , to press for the permanent expropriation of their plant .
The Renacer domestic appliance producer cooperative formed in 2000 after the former owner decided to shut down operations , owing banks and workers ' thousands of dollars in unpaid salaries .
The plant formerly known as Aurora produced washing machines .
For decades industry activity had declined in the region , which is the most expensive places to live in Argentina .
Ushuaia is also known as " the end of the world , " with a harsh artic climate , less than 500 kilometers from the Southern Artic .
" The auctioning off of our plant is a constant threat , we are looking for a permanent solution so we can produce our own products independently of the state , " explains Monica Acosta , the current president of Renacer .
Over 100 workers and their families rely on the cooperative , which has n't been able to put out full production inside the plant .
" Most of the expropriation laws that recuperated enterprises have won last two years .
After two years , the cooperative has to go through the process once again and look for a legal solution in order to continue to produce . "
Without subsidies and much less a permanent solution , the cooperative has had to work for companies like Sanyo , piece milling appliance parts .
" There are months when we take home 300 dollars , but there are other months when we do n't have enough resources to take home a pay check .
After paying taxes and our costs we end up failing to meet our basic necessities , " says Acosta .
She also says that workers not only have to figure out how to successfully run their business but also worry whether authorities will pass a law to evict the business .
" We have to do two things simultaneously : produce and struggle .
We can't stop either , because the day we stop fighting or producing the recuperated enterprises are fried .
We know that no politician in this oligarchic and imperialist state is going to permit workers to own the means of production . "
Hundreds of workers from several other worker run factories joined the Renacer cooperative in their demands for a national expropriation law , including the workers from the FaSinPat cooperative .
The workers from the ceramics plant Zanon celebrated a recent victory .
On October 20 , the workers won a long standing legal battle for a federal court to legally recognize the FaSinPat cooperative for three years .
The long term demand at Zanon is for national expropriation under worker control .
However , the workers from Zanon have fought a parallel battle in federal court to legally recognize FaSinPat ( Factory without a boss ) , their worker cooperative .
In October 2005 , FaSinPat won a legal dispute , pressuring federal courts to recognize it as a legal entity that has the right to run the cooperative for one year .
Earlier this year with the October expiration date nearing , the worker assembly voted to step up actions and community efforts .
According to Omar Villablanca , a Zanon worker who has worked at the ceramics plant for 9 years , FaSinPat will never put down their arms in the fight for a national expropriation law .
" We did n't win a three year legal status for FaSinPat because the judges are understanding people .
We won legal recognition because we [ the workers ] fought for the courts to see what we 've accomplished .
The workers are the only ones willing and restore a factory that was in ruins that had a million dollar debt that the former owner Luis Zanon left behind .
We [ the workers ] were the only ones capable of creating jobs .
Nationwide politicians speak of Zanon and the rest of the recuperated enterprises , but they have n't approved policies that would provide a definitive solution so that the more than 10,000 workers employed at worker run businesses can work without the pressure of risking eviction . "
With legal status , the FaSinPat can concentrate on production planning , improve working conditions and community projects .
As part of their celebration , the FASINPAT cooperative has invited workers to visit Zanon to learn that workers can function without a boss or owner .
The workers ' assembly has resolved that the body of workers is now in the position to teach other workers from the four and a half years of learning from worker self - management .
Though , Villablanca made it clear that even with a temporary legal status , the FASINPAT collective will not abandon their roots .
" The first thing that we did after receiving the news that the judge approved our 3 year legal status was to vote in a our workers ' assembly that we have to continue to march in the streets and to support other workers ' and grassroots struggles . "
During the October 27 rally workers from Renacer , BAUEN and Zanon expressed their solidarity with workers who days before faced a violent eviction .
Over 50 police officers violently attacked 14 workers who were occupying a gas station in a Buenos Aires neighborhood .
Two years after the owners claimed bankruptcy , the workers formed the Punta Arenas cooperative .
They are demanding that the gas station be expropriated and handed over to the workers in compensation to back salaries that the owner never paid .
Despite differences with the pro-capitalist lawyer Luis Caro who represents the Punta Arenas cooperative , worker run businesses from diverse groupings said : if they mess with one of us , they mess with all of us .
" Factories that close down are factories of death that kill entire families , " said Fernando Velazquez from City Hotel , a worker run and recovered hotel in the coastal city of Mar del Plata .
The occupied factories and enterprises are proving that they are organizing to develop strategies in defense of Latin American workers susceptible to factory closures and poor working conditions .
While these experiences are forced to co-exist within the capitalist market they are forming new visions for a new working culture .
" Factories that close down should be recovered by the workers and the courts must recognize the right to work , " commented Velazquez .
" We all deserve definitive expropriation because we are recuperating jobs and dignity . "
Marie Trigona is an independent journalist , writer and documentary maker based in Buenos Aires .
She can be reached at mtrigona@msn.com
Screening of The Take in Palic ( Serbia ) The Take was screened in Palic , Serbia as part of the " Young European Filmmakers " programme on July 18th , 2006 before the start of the official programme and announced as one of the lectures from the " punk 's university " ( pankerski univerzitet ) -- an open forum on some globalisation issues ( particulary on social networking ) .
There were about 50 people .
They liked the movie , since this kind of action is something new and unknown for the Serbian people .
And political - socio-economic situation in Serbia is very similar to that one in Argentina .
Screening organized and reported on by Darko Kovascevic .
The Take is available on DVD in the US !
You can buy it at all the usual commercial sites ( amazon , netflix , etc. ) but even better , you can support us , and the worker cooperatives in Argentina by buying it directly .
BUY NOW ...
Learn more ...
If you order from The Working World , it will cost you a few extra dollars , but you will help us pay for the DVD extras we produced , which include a 30 minute film called " Fire the Director : The Making of The Take " and " Gustavo Benedetto : Presente ! " a film about a young guy who was killed at his first demo in Buenos Aires in 2001 .
While you 're buying the film , take a look at the products from Argentina 's famous recovered companies that you can now buy and have delivered to your home .
The Working World is a project that was started by one of your fellow audience members !
http://www.market.theworkingworld.org/
More news ...
FEB 04 , 2006 A RAY OF HOPE FOR THE BAUEN HOTEL ( More ) DEC 26 , 2005 UPDATE ON THE HOTEL BAUEN - Read Rock for BAUEN and Zanon Article .
DEC 12 , 2005 Bauen Hotel Workers Attacked ( English ) NOV 1 , 2005 A Multinational Without a Boss : Report from The 1st Latin American Conference on Recovered Companies ( English | Español ) An Agreement to Live : From Zanón to FaSinPat - Translation of a chapter from " Sin Patrón " , a book by Lavaca.org ( English ) OCT , 2005 - Occupy , resist , produce - Argentina : the coops ' dividend .
Article from Le Monde Diplomatique ( English )
OCT 22 , 2005 - Zanon Workers Win Legal Control of their Factory !
( English | Español )
OCT 20 , 2005 - Judge Barreiro has granted FaSinPat control over the factory for a period of one year ( English | Español )
The Zanon workers ' assembly
OCT 5 , 2005 - Recuperated factory workers and unemployed worker movements in Argentina come to share experiences with workers in North America .
( English | Español ) SEPT 30 , 2005 - The Take opens theatrically in Spain Oct. 7 ( Screening information ... )
SEPT 9 , 2005 - Venezuelan Authorities Seize Idle Heinz Ketchup Plant ( English ) Read more in the news Archive
Organisers claim a turnout of least 350,000 , but police say it was far less
Tens of thousands of people have rallied in Rome , demanding the resignation of Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi .
The No B ( Berlusconi )
Day march was organised by grassroots groups via the internet and social networking sites .
Mr Berlusconi faces separate tax fraud and bribery trials after he lost his immunity from prosecution in October .
He denies the charges against him , insisting he is the victim of magistrates with a political agenda .
One message
Protesters chanted " I have a dream - Berlusconi in jail " during the march in the Italian capital .
Mr Berlusconi denies all the charges against him
" This is a day of democracy , a day that shows that the country can come together to build an alternative and most of all to tell Berlusconi to go , " Antonio di Pietro , former anti-corruption judge and now an opposition leader , was quoted as saying by Reuters .
" There are people from all over the country here , and even from abroad with one message : Berusconi has to go ! " he added .
Organisers claimed that at least 350,000 people took part in the march , although police put the number at about 90,000 .
Actors and writers were among those taking part , including Nobel literature laureate Dario Fo , Reuters reported .
A computer hacker who was once a federal informant and was a driving force behind one of the largest cases of identity theft in US history pleaded guilty in a deal with prosecutors that will send him to prison for up to 25 years .
Albert Gonzalez , 28 , of Miami , admitted pulling off some of the most prominent hacking jobs of the decade - invading the computer systems of such retailers as TJX Cos. , BJ's Wholesale Club , OfficeMax , Boston Market , Barnes & Noble and Sports Authority .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Federal authorities say tens of millions of credit and debit card numbers were stolen .
Gonzalez entered guilty pleas in US District Court in Boston to 19 counts of conspiracy , computer fraud , wire fraud , access device fraud and aggravated identity theft .
He also pleaded guilty to a New York indictment charging one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud for hacks into the Dave & Buster 's restaurant chain .
Under his plea agreements , Gonzalez faces 15 to 25 years in prison in the Massachusetts case and up to 20 years in the New York case .
The sentences would run concurrently .
Albert Gonzalez , 28 , of Miami , admitted pulling off some of the most prominent hacking jobs of the decade - invading the computer systems of such retailers as TJX Cos. , BJ's Wholesale Club , OfficeMax , Boston Market , Barnes & Noble and Sports Authority .
Federal authorities say tens of millions of credit and debit card numbers were stolen .
Gonzalez entered guilty pleas in US District Court in Boston to 19 counts of conspiracy , computer fraud , wire fraud , access device fraud and aggravated identity theft .
He also pleaded guilty to a New York indictment charging one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud for hacks into the Dave & Buster 's restaurant chain .
Under his plea agreements , Gonzalez faces 15 to 25 years in prison in the Massachusetts case and up to 20 years in the New York case .
The sentences would run concurrently .
If he had been convicted of all the charges and sentenced to the maximum , he could have received a sentence of several hundred years .
Sentencing is scheduled for Dec. 8 .
Authorities said Gonzalez was the ringleader of a group that targeted large retailers .
Gonzalez 's Miami attorney , Rene Palomino Jr. , said Gonzalez is " extremely remorseful . "
" He just feels really bad , mainly because of the damage he 's caused , but also because of what his family has had to endure , " Palomino said .
" He just wants to go ahead and do the right thing and take responsibility for his actions .
One day , he will go and lead a productive life like any other citizen . "
Michael Loucks , acting US Attorney for Massachusetts , said the investigation and prosecution of identity theft is a top priority of the Justice Department .
" In the past 10 years , there has been a dramatic growth in the transfer and storage of credit and debit card data on computer networks , Loucks said in a statement .
" It is ... important that we work hard to investigate and prosecute the theft of personal identity data that citizens entrust to computer networks every day . "
Gonzalez , who was known online as " soupnazi , " was a self - taught computer genius , Palomino said .
In 2003 , Gonzalez was arrested for hacking but was not charged because he became an informant , helping the Secret Service find other hackers .
But authorities said he continued to use his talents for illegal activities .
Over the next five years , he hacked into the computer systems of Fortune 500 companies even while providing assistance to the government .
He lived a lavish lifestyle during that time .
Authorities said he amassed $ 2.8 million , bought a Miami condo and a BMW .
Under the plea deals , Gonzalez must forfeit more than $ 2.7 million , as well as his condo , car , a Tiffany ring he gave to his girlfriend and Rolex watches he gave to his father and friends .
Federal authorities arrested Gonzalez in May 2008 while he stayed with his girlfriend at the luxurious National Hotel on Miami Beach .
The New York and Massachusetts indictments said Gonzalez and two foreign co-defendants used hacking techniques that involved " wardriving , " or cruising through different areas with a laptop computer and looking for retailers ' accessible wireless internet signals .
Once they located a vulnerable network , they installed " sniffer programs " that captured credit and debit card numbers as they moved through a retailer 's processing computers - then tried to sell the data overseas .
Gonzalez was in the process of negotiating a plea agreement on those charges in August 2008 when federal prosecutors in New Jersey brought new charges against him for allegedly targeting customers of convenience store giant 7 - Eleven and supermarket chain Hannaford Brothers .
Those charges are still pending .
Arpaio is currently under investigation by the Dept of Justice for civil rights violations , and by the Dept of Labor for labor violations .
He is being sued by a number of individuals , organizations , and fellow local officials .
The mayors of two cities in Maricopa County have called him out for what they allege is racial profiling .
NOTE : If Arpaio 's name sounds familiar , it 's because he's in the news constantly ...
The county even pays for his international PR firm .
Still not sure who he is ?
Just think " tent city jails , " pink underwear , striped uniforms , chain gains , pink flip - flops , and green bologna .
Also , after you read what I posted here , if you want more info , you can read my Huffington Post article here .
Under what 's left of Arpaio 's 287g agreement with ICE , Arpaio will still be able to screen inmates already in his jails , but he will no longer be able to detain people for suspicion of being / working in the U.S. without authorization under the agreement .
Arpaio , though , says :
I do n't need the feds to do my crime suppression to opt to arrest illegals .
I can do it without the federal authority , and I 'm going to continue to do it .
It makes no difference .
It helps us .
Because I do n't have to do all the paperwork for the feds , number one .
And number two , I wo n't be under their umbrella , their guidance .
So I will operate the same way , nothing is going to change .
So , whether or not he has authority under 287g , Arpaio says he is still going to continue doing what he was doing .
He also says :
Nothing changes because pursuant to our duties in these crime suppression [ sweeps ] we arrest anybody that violates the law .
If we find during the arrests that that there are illegals , we arrest them .
Now the only difference [ is ] we 're going to take 'em down to ICE .
I hope they accept them , if they do n't , I 'll bring 'em myself to the border .
So nothing really has changed .
This is all politics .
They want to use me to get rid of this 287 agreement across the country .
He was on a local radio show last night ( Sunday ) saying not only will nothing change , but he intends to conduct immigration raids " very soon to show Washington and everybody else I 'm not changing , I will not be intimidated by Congress , by alleged racial profiling investigations by the Justice Department , by all these demonstrators , these politicians , all trying to keep me from doing my job , so nothing will change .
Stay tuned . "
The immigration control crowd is already rallying around Arpaio .
Within a couple of hours of the news , NumbersUSA was already releasing a statement : NumbersUSA Vice President of Government Relations Rosemary Jenks said Monday afternoon ,
State and local law enforcement officers have the inherent authority to enforce all the laws of our land , including immigration laws , with or without 287 ( g ) agreements ... society as a whole benefits if officers have the training they need to identify immigration violators wherever they may encounter them ...
NumbersUSA will continue to encourage state and local law enforcement officers to use their inherent authority and their common sense to enforce our immigration laws .
( I have the full statement in an email if anyone wants it )
I 've talked to quite a few people over the weekend and today ( Monday ) about these developments , and the best I can say is that the people most involved in trying to oust Arpaio are " cautiously optimistic . "
Local leaders in Maricopa County have traditionally been afraid to speak out .
The feeling is that Arpaio lashes out against political opponents .
He has investigated pretty much all of his loudest local critics .
Even the local Democratic Party has historically keep a distance from the Arpaio controversies .
Today , the local party released what I think is probably their first statement ever on Arpaio , and it came before the news ... they took a political risk in making the statement because Arpaio is actually very popular in Arizona .
Not only is Arpaio very popular across the state , but he has polled above some gubernatorial candidates in the past .
And he talks about running for governor quite often -- in the last few weeks in fact .
The 287g controversy has been raging for years and years .
Arpaio has become a polarizing figure with huge support on the right .
This could all change , depending on what DHS / ICE end up doing .
What we do n't know right now could fill a book ... is ICE changing the very nature of 287g ?
Those who want to see the program ended are not so sure .
Are they just making an example out of the self - described " poster boy of immigration enforcement " ?
We do n't know .
What we do know is that this is a very important moment .
What happens next ...
I think a lot of that will depend on the public reaction .
This statement just in from the Day Laborers Organizing Network ( literally , as I was about to hit submit :
PDC Silverlight 4.0 was the big hit at Microsoft's Professional Developer Conference ( PDC ) this week .
" I can see that Silverlight is the future of Windows client development " one attendee told me .
The basis for this enthusiasm is an array of new features that resolve many of the frustrations discovered by developers working with the previous release .
These include printing support , clipboard support , a rich text control , bi-directional and right - to - left text , access to webcams and microphones , right - click and mouse wheel control , multi - touch support , and DRM for both online and offline media .
Microsoft is also promising a significant performance boost thanks to better just - in - time compilation .
There are also major changes to Silverlight 's out - of - browser functionality , a loose equivalent to Adobe Systems ' AIR runtime for Flash .
Even when fully sandboxed , which means having the same permissions that would apply to a browser - hosted Silverlight applet , out - of - browser applications get an HTML control , custom window settings , and the ability to fire pop -up notifications .
There is also a new trusted mode , which requires user approval , and enables local file access , COM automation , and cross - domain networking access .
Unfortunately , some of these features are not what they first appear .
The HTML control in Silverlight 4 is not a new embedded browser from Microsoft , but uses components from Internet Explorer on Windows , or Safari on the Mac , which means that the same content might render differently .
The HTML control only works out - of - browser , and simply displays a blank space if browser - hosted .
Clipboard support is text - only in the Silverlight 4 beta , though this could change for the full release .
More seriously , COM automation is a Windows - only feature , introducing differentiation between the Mac and Windows implementations .
Since cross-platform Mac and Windows is a key Silverlight feature , it is curious that Microsoft has now decided to make it platform - specific in such an important respect .
Microsoft Office and parts of the Windows API have a COM interface , so access to COM makes Silverlight a much more capable client .
Brian Goldfarb , director of product marketing , defended this decision .
" [ Mac and Windows Silverlight ] are on a par in every other respect .
It 's important to give developers choice .
We also want to have the option to light up the platform , " he said .
Mobile fragmentation
He observed that future mobile implementations of Silverlight may have features such as access to the phone dialer that will not work on the desktop .
" It 's not terribly different in this situation , " he said .
Nevertheless , Silverlight has crossed a threshold .
It is now a runtime that has extended functionality only on Windows .
That will not help Microsoft win developers from Adobe AIR , which has the same features on both Mac and Windows .
There is also the awkward matter of Linux support , which Microsoft leaves to third parties , mostly Novell 's Mono but also Intel in the case of Moblin , a version of Linux for netbooks .
This last point is interesting in the context of Google 's recently announced Chrome OS , which is based on Linux and likely to prove popular .
If it does , Microsoft will have to take Linux support more seriously , or lose all pretense of cross- platform support .
Mobile is another awkward area , about which Microsoft said little at PDC other than promising a focus on this at the Mix conference in Las Vegas in March . ®
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Status Quo rockers Francis Rossi and Rick Parfitt , F1 champion Jenson Button and actor Patrick Stewart have been recognised with New Year Honours .
After " Rockin ' All Over the World " for more than 40 years and for charity work , Parfitt and Rossi become OBEs .
Button is appointed an MBE , while there is a knighthood for rugby 's four - time British Lions head coach Ian McGeechan .
Star Trek and X - Men star Stewart , after a triumphant return to the UK stage in recent years , also becomes a knight .
There have been more than 118 million worldwide record sales for Status Quo's Parfitt , 61 , and Rossi , 60 , whose hits include " Down Down " and " Whatever You Want " .
Parfitt admitted that he had " kind of given up hoping " for honours recognition some years ago .
FULL HONOURS LISTS
Queen 's list in full [ 309KB ]
Departmental honours in full [ 144KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here " To be perfectly honest with all the hard work we have put in over the years I accept it graciously , " he added .
Rossi said : " You start off rebellious , a teenager in a band , but you end up being part of the establishment . "
He added that the arrival of the letter announcing the honour had initially " frightened the pants off me ... because it comes from the government " .
' Humbled '
There is a knighthood for Nicholas Hytner , the artistic director of the National Theatre and Bafta - winning maker of films including The Madness of King George and The History Boys .
" I 'm delighted and flattered , " said the 53 - year - old about his honour for services to drama .
Sir Patrick spent 16 years with the Royal Shakespeare Company Also knighted for services to drama in a 50 - year career , Stewart found worldwide fame in the TV series Star Trek : The Next Generation that ran from the late 1980s to mid-1990s .
The actor complained that the iconic role of Captain Jean - Luc Picard became a handicap , with directors reluctant to cast the captain of the Starship Enterprise .
But he went on to enjoy his biggest film role in three X - Men blockbusters , while a return to the UK in 2003 led to triumphant theatre appearances in Hamlet and Waiting for Godot .
The 69 - year - old said : " This is an honour that embraces those actors , directors and creative teams who have in these recent years helped fill my life with inspiration , companionship and sheer fun . "
I told my grandparents at the weekend and they just broke down in tears
Gymnast Beth Tweddle MBE
Send us your comments
The worldwide stage and cinema hit Mamma Mia !
became the biggest - selling DVD of all time in the UK , and its director Phyllida Lloyd is appointed a CBE .
She said the honour was a " complete surprise " , and had left her feeling " humbled " .
Paying tribute to her colleagues , she added : " One gets to be the captain of the ship , but ultimately you would not get anywhere without the cast and crew . "
Glory Button said that being appointed an MBE was the " crowning glory " of a year that had begun with him unsure of his involvement in Formula
One after his car - maker , Honda , quit the sport .
Button secured the 2009 drivers ' title in the penultimate grand prix in Brazil " The past 12 months have provided me with such an exhilarating journey , " he said .
" We literally started with nothing , but had the belief , determination and passion to take on the world and succeed . "
Button 's boss , the man who led a management buy - out and took the new Brawn GP team to the constructors ' title , 55 - year - old Ross Brawn , becomes an OBE .
" Everybody at Brawn GP played their part - and it was down to their expertise , dedication and hard work that we were able to achieve so much , " Button , 29 , added .
Sir Ian McGeechan is honoured for services to rugby in a distinguished playing and coaching career at club level , for Scotland and the British Lions .
He was coach of the 1990 Gland Slam - winning Scotland side , and has masterminded two Lions Test series wins in Australia in 1989 and South Africa in 1997 .
Sir Ian played on two British Lions tours , later coaching on five trips Dedicating the knighthood to his family , 63 - year - old Sir Ian said : " It is their constant support that has provided such an inspiration to me and this honour would not have been possible without them . "
Among other sports stars honoured is Britain 's greatest ever gymnast , the two - time world champion Beth Tweddle .
She is appointed an MBE after last year 's remarkable gold medal win at the World Championships in London , where she triumphed in the less - favoured floor competition following a fall in her signature event on bars .
Tweddle , 24 , said the honour had come as a " total shock " , adding : " I spoke to my grandparents at the weekend because I did n't want them to find out through the newspapers first , and they just broke down in tears .
" That just showed me how much it meant to them , and how much these awards mean to people in general . "
Cricketer Claire Taylor is made an MBE after a year in which she helped England to the World Cup and World Twenty 20 titles .
She was named player of the tournament at both events and Women 's Cricketer of the Year by the International Cricket Council , having become the first woman to make Wisden 's Five Cricketers of the Year list earlier in 2009 .
Ringmaster Some 979 people are recognised in the New Year Honours .
There is a damehood for Dr Claire Bertschinger , whose appearance in BBC News reports by Michael Buerk of the 1984 Ethiopian famine helped inspire a global aid effort .
Her account of having to choose which starving children to feed galvanised Bob Geldof to organise the Band Aid recording and Live Aid concert .
Leaving school at 15 years old , never would I have dreamed that I would be recognised in this way
Ultimo boss Michelle Mone OBE
Of her honour for services to nursing and international humanitarian aid , Dame Claire said : " It 's an enormous honour .
I was very moved and startled by receiving it . "
There is a knighthood for Erich Reich , chairman of the Kindertransport Group of the Association of Jewish Refugees , who has helped raise millions of pounds for charity .
Sir Eric was four when he arrived in the UK as one of 10,000 " Kindertransport " children evacuated from Nazi- occupied Europe .
Fashion industry figures are honoured with Ultimo lingerie boss Michelle Mone , designer Amanda Wakeley and milliner Stephen Jones all appointed OBEs .
Mone , who has appeared as a contributor on BBC's The Apprentice : You 're Fired show , said : " Leaving school at 15 years old , never would I have dreamed that I would be recognised in this way . "
Designers Luella Bartley and Cath Kidston , and London - based tailors Timothy Everest and Imtaz Khaliq are appointed MBEs .
Children 's author and illustrator Lauren Child , creator of the Charlie and Lola series , is awarded an MBE and Anthea Bell , co-translator of the Asterix comic books , gets an OBE .
Rose Gray and Ruth Rogers , the co-founders and chefs of the Michelin - starred River Cafe restaurant in west London , are also appointed MBEs .
There is a first ever honour for a circus ringmaster , with 73 - year - old Norman Barrett of Zippo 's Circus becoming an MBE .
" This is a real boost for circus and in my view gives the art form the recognition it truly deserves and , sadly in modern times , so rarely gets , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
2005-01-23 04:00:00 PDT
Los Angeles --
In the sour innards of Men's Central Jail , Alice Scott watched with pride as trays of her chicken casserole dinner were delivered like mail through slots in the cell doors .
Prisoners began devouring the fare as soon as they had it in their grasp .
" The inmates like the food , and that makes me happy , " said Scott , a sheriff 's lieutenant who oversees meal preparations for the jail .
Then came the reviews .
" It stinks , " said Bobby Love , 46 , jailed for a probation violation .
Like his five cellmates , he spooned up the casserole , carrots and green beans while standing in the elbow - bumping space between metal bunks .
" The food 's always cold and the milk is hot . "
Similar comments sounded up and down the cell tiers , the critics shirtless and tattooed , creating a boiler - room din : " Garbage ! " " Disgusting ! " " Give us steak ! "
Decent chow is considered as crucial as tall walls to the orderly management of jails and prisons .
Churning it out is often an assembly - line , security - obsessed and penny - pinching task that depends on inmate workers who might prove better at stealing food than cooking it .
And the quality and quantity of grub can mean the difference between peace and violence in the cellblocks , where prisoners long for the sirloins and sundaes that vanished with their freedom .
But even food that is n't bad enough to trigger a revolt is routinely described as revolting .
At Men 's Central , the shouted protests covered the range of the jail 's cuisine , although the chicken patties got a few thumbs - up .
" The burritos are pretty good , too , " said DeMarcus Smith , 19 , of Los Angeles , another probation offender .
" But I do n't even know what it was , what we had yesterday . "
Scott said it was a tamale casserole .
She appeared only slightly annoyed by the carping from the pens , her weary expression suggesting that it came with the territory .
" Typical , " she said .
It used to be worse , here and elsewhere .
Over the decades , legal reforms have improved the nation 's detention menus , doing away with daily rations of gruel - ish , artery - clogging concoctions .
But many institutions spend less than $ 3 per inmate per day on meals .
Complaints about food have fueled numerous disturbances behind bars , minor and major .
Spaghetti sparked a nonfatal uprising at the federal prison on Alcatraz Island , which closed in 1963 and is now a National Park Service attraction .
Meals were also a factor in America 's deadliest inmate riot , the 1971 rebellion that took 43 lives at New York 's Attica prison .
Today , inmates are guaranteed a healthy allotment of calories and nutrients , as well as clean kitchens .
Diets low in salt and fat have gained favor .
More and more prisons are eliminating pork in deference to the religious tenets of Muslim prisoners .
Some cling to an old tactic of pumping up the calories -- serving 3,500 to 3,800 a day , instead of the standard 2,500 to 3,000 -- to keep inmates full - bellied and calm , said Dan Jameson , a senior vice president of Aramark Corp. , a food vendor that provides meals for 425 prisons and jails .
" It 's using food to manage the prison , " Jameson said .
Inmate rights advocates condemn as dehumanizing what they say is the growing practice of requiring inmates to eat in their cells , a measure taken to prevent fights in dining halls .
Cost - cutting is another sore subject for the advocates , who say leaner budgets have led to fewer hot meals , smaller portions and more palate - numbing packaged food .
" Most of us would find prison meals bland , unappealing and monotonous , " said Steve Fama , an attorney for the San Rafael - based Prison Law Office , which represents inmates .
" Especially the bag lunch .
...
It has something that has similarities to what people would call lunch meat .
I 'm not sure it is lunch meat . "
Corey Weinstein , a physician and investigator for California Prison Focus , an inmate rights group in San Francisco , said jails and prisons balk at accommodating the dietary needs of diabetic inmates or those with food allergies .
" It 's ridiculous , " he said .
" That 's why there are riots . "
The nastiest of the nasty , Weinstein added , is the food in county jails .
" Notoriously horrible , " he said .
" Lots of hot dogs and beans . "
Not true , said Scott , who runs meal service for 17,500 inmates in the county 's lockups , the largest single feeding ground in American corrections .
She insists meal time can be the best time of doing time .
" We 're using Army - Navy recipe cards , " Scott said , walking through the sprawling , clanging kitchen at the Twin Towers Jail .
She said dietitians approve the low - fat and low - salt recipes , and the kitchen prepares 1,200 special meals on the average day for inmates with medical problems .
But it also doles out a " disciplinary loaf " to unruly prisoners :
An entire meal is molded into a baked log that is nutritious but unpleasant .
" We only do about 10 a day , " said Scott .
Her inmate crew stirred 100 - gallon kettles of carrots and beans with paddles big enough to row a boat .
Although it was late morning , the vegetables were for dinner , the jail 's only hot meal .
Cooking for thousands dictates an early start .
Dinners are stored for hours in insulated containers before they are served .
Scott said the food is kept free of illness - causing bacteria .
As she toured the kitchen , steam from the kettles and pot washers rained puddles on the floor .
The 50 or so workers , dressed in smeared white uniforms , had volunteered for the duty in exchange for double helpings of the jail food , plus leftovers from the officers ' cafeteria , whose dishes are far more varied and appetizing .
" I like the barbecued ribs , " inmate Karen Hawkes , 43 , said of the cafeteria 's treats .
Hawkes and her co-workers toiled under the wary eyes of a dozen staff cooks and sheriff 's guards .
Carving knives were tethered to cutting tables with padlocked cables , just in case .
Years ago , Scott said , an inmate in another jail kitchen grabbed a loose knife and briefly took a cook hostage .
She could recall no serious incidents of violence in the Twin Towers kitchen , or escapes from it .
" Our biggest security problem is pruno , " she said , referring to an alcoholic drink prisoners make .
They steal or hoard enough fruit to produce gallons of the potion each day , fermenting it in plastic bags .
" That 's why we put holes in the bags , " said Scott , displaying a plastic lunch sack .
" These have six holes , and I 've asked for six more . "
The bag held two pieces of tired - looking processed turkey , two slices of wheat bread , two cookies , an apple and carrots .
It is a typical lunch .
Breakfast is mainly bran flakes and milk , hard - boiled eggs , a bun , jelly and fruit juice .
The jail stopped serving hot oatmeal last year to trim $ 1.5 million from its annual food budget , which is $ 22.9 million -- or $ 2.25 per day per inmate , less than that of California 's state prisons ( $ 2.45 ) and federal penitentiaries ( $ 2.78 ) .
Several women said they would starve if it were n't for the jail commissary , where inmates can buy noodles , soup , stew , chips , candy and the like -- if they have the money .
Cleveland Jones is n't moving anywhere , and he 's tortured by thoughts of food .
Jones , 28 , is doing 217 years to life for attempted murder and other crimes , leaving him eligible for parole in 2204 .
He 's at New Folsom , a modern California state prison next to the 19th century stone fortress that inspired Johnny Cash 's tune .
He spoke while crouching on the cell floor , so that he could peer through a thigh - high tray slot in the steel door .
Inmates at maximum - security New Folsom are released from their cells for exercise just two hours every other day , unless they have a prison job .
" Wishing is a dream , " Jones said of his food fantasies .
He shrugged in a gesture of futility .
" Steak ? Lobster ? "
In the kitchen , inmate laborers washed the remains of instant mashed potatoes from bathtub - size kettles .
Pans of the potatoes were stocked in walk - in " quick chill " refrigerators .
Quick chilling allows the prison to start meals two days in advance .
The food is cooked , then " blast cooled " in the refrigerators to within a few degrees of freezing .
On serving day , it is reheated .
New Folsom places meal samples in a locker labeled the " Dead Man 's Tray . "
They are kept 72 hours for inspection in the event of an outbreak of food poisoning .
" We 've never had an incidence of food poisoning , " said Jeff Ridge , the prison 's assistant food manager .
" You 'll have three or four inmates say , ' Oh , the food made me sick . '
But then they 'll go to the doctor , and he 'll say , ' I do n't think so . ' "
Ridge loped through the humid kitchen to a small office , where he and cook supervisor Frank Coleman discussed thievery .
They told of the ways inmate workers steal food to cook in their cells , sometimes with illicit candles crafted from purloined shortening .
" Two weeks ago , I fired two workers for putting 10 pounds of chicken , turkey , cheese and onions in a salad box , " said Coleman .
" They were going to make burritos . "
The workers also steal from the trays of fellow prisoners , Ridge said .
" They 'll pick out all the meat from the beef stew , " he said .
Prisoners caught stealing lose their jobs , which pay $ 20 to $ 50 a month .
Inmates in disciplinary isolation are given paper trays , because the rigid plastic ones could be used as a weapon , Ridge said .
On this day the entree was chili colorado .
The prisoner workers filled the trays in the kitchen and carried them to the two - man cells .
" It 's basically slop , " said Jonathan Hurth , 32 , of Los Angeles , who is serving 25 years to life on a three - strikes burglary conviction .
He grew wistful .
" It 'd be nice to just order something . "
Frustrated that kids were using his property as a shortcut , a Gardena resident shot a teenager in his driveway , police said .
The teenager survived and the property owner was arrested .
Eiji Takara , 36 , called 911 shortly after 10 p.m.
Monday to report that he had shot an “ intruder ” at his home in the 18000 block of Curt Place , said Lt. Steve Prendergast of the Gardena Police Department .
Officers found a 17 - year - old boy who had been shot once in the upper torso in Takara 's driveway , Prendergast said .
The boy was treated and released from a hospital .
Takara ’s home is on a cul de sac and shares a wall with the Gardena Valley Assembly church and the Gardena Valley Christian School on 182nd Street .
Gardena High School is also nearby .
International drug cartels have abandoned the US dollar for high denomination euros to launder millions in illegal profits , Europol has revealed .
The gangs no longer use $ 100 bills because €500 notes – the largest denomination of euro – take up less room when transporting large amounts of cash across the world .
In a single consignment on a British Airways plane bound for London from the United States , US police found £ 11 m worth of drug profits in €500 bills .
The Colombian and Mexican cartels ' conversion to the European currency is even acknowledged in popular culture : American rapper Jay - Z's video for his single , Blue Magic , features a suitcase full of €500 notes as he sings about " the kilo business " .
Rob Wainwright , director of Europol , said last week police forces across continental Europe were tracking the movements of smuggled and laundered euros and had traced much of it back to large drug gangs .
" We have seen examples of high denomination notes hidden in cereal packets , tyres , concealed compartments in lorries , and so on , " he said .
The scale of the smuggling operation was revealed in figures from the Colombian National Directorate .
Only $ 300,000 worth of euros were declared as entering Colombia between January and June 2007 , but over $ 551 m in euros left the country .
Once in Europe , the notes can be exchanged for dollars .
He also admitted that he had suffered at her hands throughout their six - month courtship .
" Before we got married , she had a wild hairstyle and I teased that it made her look like a tigress .
During the argument that followed , I said some bad words and I got a taste of her kung fu for the first time . "
In a Monday segment , MSNBC host Keith Olbermann took aim and unleashed on one of his favorite targets : right - wing talker Rush Limbaugh .
Grinning over his “ new and improved ” bouncing Limbaugh graphic , the liberal host assailed the famed Republican radio host over a laundry list of memorable moments from 2009 .
But more than any other item , Olbermann took issue with Limbaugh ’s dogged insistence that MSNBC has been trying to boost its ratings by covering the man who many consider to be the de-facto leader of the Republican party .
ADVERTISEMENT
The MSNBC host joked that Limbaugh had earned a sincere “ WTF ” for insisting that people not discuss his public statements .
“ He ’s suddenly gone all Greta Garbo on us , ” Olbermann mocked .
“ He wants to be left alone ! ”
This video is from MSNBC , broadcast Dec. 28 , 2009 .
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Iranians chant in support of defeated presidential candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi
Iranians are marking University Student Day , traditionally an anti-US event that commemorates the killing of three students in 1953 .
Opposition supporters are expected to try to hijack official protests by chanting their own anti-government slogans .
Olivia Cornes navigates some of the opposition chants heard in Iran since June 's disputed presidential elections , with the help of BBCPersian.com and protesters themselves .
The waves of street chanting among anti-regime protesters are spontaneous but many are not new .
Slogans that Iranians used 30 years ago to call for an end to the Shah 's regime are now thrown back at the Islamic regime which replaced it .
There are terrible class differences in Iran , this plays a part in the protests
Siavash , student , Tehran
Read Siavash 's account of protests Read Behrooz 's account of protests
In some cases , " Allahu Akbar " ( Eng : God is great ) or " Marg bar dictator " ( Eng : Death to the dictator ) - the chants have not changed at all .
The night - time cries of " Allahu Akbar " from people 's rooftops continued for months in the early stages of the revolution which overthrew the Shah .
The current Islamic government sees the same chant as a threat .
Rooftop protests heard at the height of the unrest in June and July stopped after Basiji forces started patrolling at night , marking the buildings where the chant could be heard above .
Arrests would be made the next day .
' Iran first ' Parvaneh , a student and opposition supporter in Tehran , told the BBC the chants had become more personal and focused .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Shortly after the election the chants were only about people getting their votes back , but now it is more about the system and leaders themselves . "
Revolutionary chants have been reworked , with a crucial name change .
One of the big anti-Shah chants ended with the slogan " Death to Shah ! " .
The same chant can be heard now , dedicated to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad : " Ahmadi you traitor , may you be turned out of your country .
You ruined our land ...
Death to you , death to you , death to you , death to you ! "
Some Iranians say they were shocked when they heard current leaders publicly insulted for the first time .
One chant goes much further back than 1979 .
President Ahmadinejad 's early dismissal of those who questioned his re-election as " dirt and dust " prompted an adaptation of a poem by the 13th - Century Persian philosopher Rumi : " You are the tumbleweed and dust ...
You are the enemy of the land . "
One chant - a new one - which attacks Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei personally , has the rhyme " Khamenei ghatele , Velayatesh batele " - " Khamenei is a murderer , his leadership is invalid " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Another way the old chants are being reworked is to emphasise Iranian identity over Islamic identity .
A main revolutionary cry was : " Estaghlal , Azadi , Jomhuriye Eslami " ( Eng : Independence , Freedom , Islamic Republic ) .
This suggested an Islamic Republic could bring freedom from the state oppression of the Western - backed Shah 's regime .
In 1979 , Ayatollah Khomenei said Iran needed to return to Islamic values and cleanse itself of what he termed " Westoxification " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Today 's protesters , largely young city - dwellers , have inverted the chant to " Estaghlal , Azadi , Jomhuriye Irani " ( Eng : Independence , Freedom , Iranian Republic ) .
It is an appeal for a secular state and also for the freedoms people hoped they were going to get the first time the chant was used .
Tehran student Behrooz notes a chant he heard for the first time on 4 November , distancing Iranians from Islam even further : " Nejade ma aryast - deen , az siasat jodas " ( Eng : We are an Aryan race , religion and politics do n't mix ) .
The chant harks back to a pre-Islamic Iran .
Ayatollah Khomenei 's traditional day of support for Palestinians , Quds day , in September , was used by opposition demonstrators to complain that the regime cared more about others than its own people .
They could be heard chanting " Na Gaza , na Lebnan , jaanam fadaaye Iran " ( Eng : Not Gaza nor Lebanon , I give my life for Iran ) .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Another student in Tehran , Siavash , told the BBC he thought the biggest test for the opposition demonstrators was coming soon .
Ten days of traditional Shia mourning rituals , known as Muharram , begin in mid-December .
" We will go out and chant ' Ya Hossein , Mir Hossein ' , " he said .
" Ya Hossein " refers to the imam who was martyred in Karbala in 680 AD and " Mir Hossein " is , of course , the opposition leader .
" This way , we convert the religious chant into a political one , " said Siavash .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Galaxies going places ( Image : NASA / M. Markevitch et al / STSCI ; Maggellan /U.Arizona/D.Clowe et al )
SOMETHING big is out there beyond the visible edge of our universe .
That ’s the conclusion of the largest analysis to date of over 1000 galaxy clusters streaming in one direction at blistering speeds .
Some researchers say this so - called “ dark flow ” is a sign that other universes nestle next door .
Last year , Sasha Kashlinsky of the Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland , and colleagues identified an unusual pattern in the motion of around 800 galaxy clusters .
They studied the clusters ’ motion in the “ afterglow ” of the big bang , …
. . .
This page is a tribute to the ultimate ' how much is inside ' website . . .
How much is inside hot water ?
- part 1
How should we heat the water before cooking pasta ?
Marriages have been torn apart , house - mates have been turned into axe - murderers , and friendships have been terminated by arguments about this question .
There are two main opinions .
Figure 1
On the left , the gas advocates say `simply boil the water in a saucepan on the gas hob ' .
On the right , the kettle advocates say `no , that 's inefficient , you should boil the water in the kettle , then put it in the saucepan and bring it back to the boil on the gas ' .
Who is right ?
Which is best ?
Does it depend on the time of year ?
I had to find out .
( a ) ( b ) Figure 2 I assembled some equipment .
First , two identical saucepans ( figure 1 ) ; second , an accurate water - measuring device ( figure 2a ) third , since this science experiment was going to involve potentially lethal boiling water , safety goggles were essential ( figure 2 b ) .
The rules for both methods were that we would start with water from the cold tap , and the goal was to end up with a pan full of boiling water .
I started with the gas method .
Experiment 1
I measured the energy consumption of the gas method by pouring one litre of water in the pan , reading the meter , then setting the gas going .
I put a lid on the saucepan .
The first four digits on the meter give the gas used in hundreds of cubic feet ; the next two ( red ) digits give cubic feet , and the dial reads the fraction of a cubic foot .
The initial reading was 515316.18 cubic feet .
The heat of the flame was amazing , but the kettle - advocates clearly had a point , when they say that the gas method is inefficient : hot exhaust gases surged up the side of the pan .
After about 5 minutes , the water was boiling .
I read the gas meter again .
The new reading was 515317.10 cubic feet .
Now , each cubic foot has a chemical energy of 0.3232 kWh .
So , subtracting and multiplying appropriately , the energy used by the gas method turned out to be 0.3 kWh Continue reading part 2 of How much is inside hot water ...
| shortcut to " lidless " results added Nov 1 2009 | shortcut to " Microwave " results |
Advertisements
Dasher - efficient communication with any muscle
Tapir - a simple 12 - key disambiguating keyboard .
Enlarge By Chip Somodevilla , Getty Images Senate Democatic leaders Sen. Patty Murray , Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus , Senate Majority Whip Sen. Richard Durbin , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , Sen. Charles Schumer and Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd make brief statements after an evening caucus meeting at the U.S. Captiol on Monday in Washington , DC .
HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER
WASHINGTON  Senate Democrats said Monday they are prepared to drop a proposal to let people under 65 buy into the Medicare program if that 's what it takes to pass President Obama 's health care initiative .
Emerging from an evening meeting of Democrats who are increasingly at odds over key provisions , Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus , D - Mont. , said it is " looking like " the new Medicare proposal will be removed from the bill .
Talk of dropping the Medicare idea — which would have let people between 55 and 64 buy into the program — underscores the lengths Democratic leaders are going in their quest to hold their 60 - member caucus together to pass some form of legislation by the end of the year .
Originally proposed as an alternative to a new government - run insurance program , the idea met with resistance from centrists , including Sen.
Joe Lieberman , I - Conn. , who has argued it could harm the underlying Medicare program .
He told CBS '
Face the Nationon Sunday that he would have a " hard time " voting for the Medicare idea .
HIDDEN NUGGETS : Supporters add provisions to health bills
" Put me down ... as encouraged about the direction " of the talks , Lieberman said after Monday 's meeting .
Democratic leaders are trying to reach consensus in their caucus to rustle up the 60 votes to bring the bill to the floor for a vote by Christmas .
Obama is set to meet Tuesday with Democrats at the White House — the second such meeting this month .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada declined to answer questions about the details of the behind - the - scenes talks on the bill but said he is confident the Senate would soon pass the bill , which the Congressional Budget Office says would cost $ 848 billion in the first 10 years .
" Democrats are n't going to let the American people down , " Reid said .
Concrete details of the Medicare buy - in idea were never revealed , but the outlines emerged last week as part of an agreement struck by liberal and moderate Democrats wrestling with a controversial proposal to create a government - run insurance plan .
Overall , supporters say the legislation would provide coverage to 31 million Americans who would n't otherwise have it in 2019 .
The bill would require all Americans to have health insurance and would provide subsidies to help low - income families pay for premiums .
Although Democrats have largely agreed on those provisions , they have faced internal divisions over the idea of a government - run insurance program .
They have also wrestled with how far the bill should go in prohibiting coverage of abortions for those who receive federal subsidies to help pay for insurance .
The House passed its version of the health care bill last month .
Debate over the Senate legislation , meanwhile , stalled over an amendment offered by Sen. Byron Dorgan , D - N.D. , that would allow for the importation of less expensive prescription drugs from Canada and elsewhere .
Obama supported the idea as a senator , but the pharmaceutical industry is opposed .
Republicans such as Sen. John McCain of Arizona , who supports the amendment , say the White House and Senate Democrats do n't want the measure to pass because it could disrupt an earlier agreement that importation would not be allowed as long as the industry did n't lobby against the underlying bill .
A vote on the amendment is scheduled for Tuesday .
Thoraya Ahmed Obaid , executive director of the United Nations Population Fund ( UNFPA ) leaves a news conference following the launch of the annual report regarding the state of world population , in central London , Wednesday Nov. 18 , 2009 .
Released by the United Nations Population Fund , the report addresses key issues such as how population dynamics affect greenhouse gases and climate change and whether urbanization and an ageing population help or hinder efforts to adapt to a warming world .
( AP Photo / Lefteris Pitarakis )
( AP ) --
The battle against global warming could be helped if the world slowed population growth by making free condoms and family planning advice more widely available , the U.N. Population Fund said Wednesday .
The agency did not recommend countries set limits on how many children people should have , but said : " Women with access to reproductive health services ... have lower fertility rates that contribute to slower growth in greenhouse gas emissions . "
" As the growth of population , economies and consumption outpaces the Earth 's capacity to adjust , climate change could become much more extreme and conceivably catastrophic , " the report said .
The world 's population will likely rise from the current 6.7 billion to 9.2 billion in 2050 , with most of the growth in less developed regions , according to a 2006 report by the United Nations .
The U.N. Population Fund acknowledged it had no proof of the effect that population control would have on climate change .
" The linkages between population and climate change are in most cases complex and indirect , " the report said .
It also said that while there is no doubt that " people cause climate change , " the developing world has been responsible for a much smaller share of world 's greenhouse gas emissions than developed countries .
Still , Thoraya Ahmed Obaid , the U.N. Population Fund 's executive director , told a news conference in London on Wednesday that global warming could be catastrophic for people in poor countries , particularly women .
" We have now reached a point where humanity is approaching the brink of disaster , " she said .
In three weeks , a global conference will be held in Copenhagen aimed at reaching a deal to replace the 1997 Kyoto Protocol , which required 37 industrial countries to cut heat - trapping greenhouse gas emissions .
On Wednesday , one analyst criticized the U.N. Population Fund 's pronouncements as alarmist and unhelpful .
" It requires a major leap of imagination to believe that free condoms will cool down the climate , " said Caroline Boin , a policy analyst at International Policy Network , a London - based think tank .
She also questioned earlier efforts by the agency to control the world 's population .
In its 1987 report , the U.N. Population Fund warned that once the global population hit 5 billion , the world " could degenerate into disaster . "
At the time , the agency said " more vigorous attempts to slow undue population growth " were needed in many countries .
According to Boin , " Numerous environmental indicators show that with development and economic growth we are able to preserve more natural habitats .
There is no causal relationship between population density and poverty . "
In this month 's Bulletin , the World Health Organization 's journal , two experts also warned about the dangers of linking fertility to climate change .
" Using the need to reduce climate change as a justification for curbing the fertility of individual women at best provokes controversy and at worst provides a mandate to suppress individual freedoms , " wrote WHO 's Diarmid Campbell - Lendrum and Manjula Lusti-Narasimhan .
On the Net : http://www.unfpa.org
©2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Explore further Birth control could help combat climate change
Redskins fire Jim Zorn after 2 seasons
Updated at 8:46 a.m .
The Washington Redskins fired Coach Jim Zorn this morning , ending a two - year stint that began with his surprising elevation from an obscure quarterbacks coach and finished with a dismissal that seemed inevitable after the Redskins ' disastrous four - win season .
" The status quo is not acceptable , " General Manager Bruce Allen said in a statement .
" I felt it was necessary to not waste a moment of time to begin building this team into a winner . "
The Redskins will hold a press conference at 12:30 p.m. , at which Allen will discuss the decision .
The team announced the firing at 7:40 a.m. on ESPN 980 , after initial reports on WRC and WUSA .
" It 's a reality .
We 've been hearing about it for a long time , " offensive coordinator Sherman Smith said via CSN Washington .
" I 'm sad .
Jim 's a good friend and I think he 's a good coach , and I think he came here with a lot of hope of wanting to help the Redskins get back to being that team that they were in the early '90s and late ' 80s when they were winning Super Bowls .
I 'm sad about that . "
Zorn , 56 , did n't comment after he returned from his team 's trip to San Diego , where it lost the season finale 23 - 20 to finish 4 - 12 , the team 's worst record in 15 years .
He finished his tumultuous tenure 12 - 20 , and had one year left on his contract .
He came directly to Redskins Park from the airport , arriving just ahead of buses carrying players at roughly 2:15 a.m .
Most players and coaches - including defensive tackle Albert Haynesworth and defensive coordinator Greg Blache - walked directly to their cars , but others went into the building .
As he walked to his car , Blache told the media , " Let the dude go . "
Secondary coach Jerry Gray and offensive coordinator Sherman Smith left shortly afterward .
At around 2:45 , Redskins ' security ordered all media to leave the parking lot , with one security member saying that it was so that Zorn would not be bothered when he left the building .
Over the next two hours , coaches continued to leave the property and at about 4:30 a.m. , running backs coach Stump Mitchell got into his car .
Redskins staff members came out of the building about 10 minutes later and walked toward the media room , which is in a different building , presumably to assure that Zorn would not be bothered by the small media group that had approached Mitchell .
Zorn then came out and walked to his white Porsche Cayenne with a staff member at his side and left the park at 4:43 a.m. , talking on his cellphone as he drove out of the parking lot .
The Redskins may swiftly announce his replacement , possibly within hours .
In December , Washington forced out longtime front office executive Vinny Cerrato and announced the hiring of new general manager Bruce Allen within two hours , putting in motion the overhaul of the franchise 's infrastructure after a 10 - year period that featured just two playoff appearances .
Former Denver and Oakland coach Mike Shanahan , who won two Super Bowls with Hall of Fame quarterback John Elway and the Broncos , has been the presumed hire for weeks .
Several NFL sources have said over the past month that they believe Shanahan has long been the choice of Redskins owner Daniel M. Snyder , who now must hire his seventh head coach since he took control of the team in 1999 .
The Redskins are already cleared to make a swift hire .
The Fritz Pollard Alliance , which oversees the NFL's so - called " Rooney Rule " that requires teams to interview at least one minority candidate for head coaching and top - level front office positions , said last month that current secondary coach Jerry Gray , an African American , has already interviewed for Zorn 's job .
The alliance , therefore , believes the Redskins have complied with the rule , and no further interviews would be necessary .
Maybe Glenn Beck raped and murdered a young girl in 1990 , and maybe he did n't .
Wherever the truth lies , it 's clear that the World Intellectual Property Organization has decided that he can't stop the internet from asking the question .
Because he is an idiot , Glenn Beck tried in September to shut down glennbeckrapedandmurderedayounggirlin1990.com , a satirical site that used Beck 's insidious " I 'm just asking the question " pose to advance the Fark - inspired meme that Beck may have raped and murdered a young girl in 1990 , because , well — have you ever heard him deny it ?
The proprietor was anonymous at the time , but he 's come out of the closet as Isaac Eiland - Hall , a Florida computer programmer who was sick of Beck 's posturing and enjoyed funny things on the internet .
Beck complained to a WIPO arbitration panel that the site was defamatory and infringed on the trademark he holds over his own name .
Late last month , his complaint was denied .
The arbitration panel 's decision renders in hypnotically robotic , lawyerly prose a precise distillation of what is wrong with Glenn Beck , and it 's worth quoting at length .
Here 's what Beck 's lawyers said about the trademark :
Complainant contends that the disputed domain name is confusingly similar to the GLENN BECK mark .
And here 's what Eiland - Hall responded :
Respondent alleges that only a " moron in a hurry " could be confused by the disputed domain name .
And here is the panel 's magnificent summary of Beck 's rhetorical style and why his site constituted a satire of that style :
Respondent argues that the disputed domain name is a meme that is based on the technique deriving from a comedy sketch performed by Gilbert Gottfried on a Comedy Central Roast of Bob Saget during which Mr. Gottfried made continuing references to an unflattering rumor concerning Mr. Saget ( similar to the one embodied in the disputed domain name ) , while requesting that those repeating the rumor cease to do so .
According to Respondent , Glenn Beck has used a similar technique while interviewing at least one individual on his news broadcast by making an unsupported assertion about his activities , and placing a burden on the interviewee to deny the unsupported assertion .
According to Respondent , this technique places the interviewee in a compromised position regardless of underlying facts .
The best part of the whole affair is that , after Eiland - Hall won at arbitration , he sent a letter to Beck with the site 's admin username and password and said , essentially , " Here you go you big crybaby .
You can have your precious web site .
I do n't want it any more . "
It bears observing that by bringing the WIPO complaint , you took what was merely one small critique meme , in a sea of internet memes , and turned it into a super - meme . [ snip ]
It also bears noting , in this matter and for the future , that you are entirely in control of whether or not you are the subject of this particular kind of criticism .
I chose to criticize you using the well - tested method of satire because of its effectiveness .
But , humor aside , your rhetorical style is no laughing matter .
In this context of this WIPO case , you denigrated the letter of First Amendment law .
In the context of your television show and your notoriety , you routinely and shamelessly denigrate the spirit of the First Amendment .
The purpose of the expressive freedoms embodied in the First Amendment is not to simply permis the greatest possible scope of expression , but also , in doing so , to also [ sic ] strive for excellence in the conveyance of ideas .
Rather than choosing to strive for excellence and civic contribution , you simply pander to the fears and insecurities of you audience .
And in the process , you do then , and us all , a great deal of harm . [ snip ]
Now that it is safe , at least from you ( for the time being ) , I have no more use for the actual scrap of digital real estate you sough .
I will transfer the domain to you now .
So glennbeckrapedandmurderedayounggirlin1990.com is no more .
But a mirror still lives here , so Glenn Beck still loses anyway , as is his wont .
WILMINGTON , Delaware ( Reuters ) - Craigslist ’s chief executive told a court on Monday that an executive with eBay , a minority shareholder , warned him to improve relations with eBay ’s then - CEO Meg Whitman because she could be a “ monster ” and “ an Evil Meg ” when frustrated .
Meg Whitman , former president and CEO of eBay Inc , speaks during the third session of the 2008 Republican National Convention in St. Paul , Minnesota in this file photo taken September 3 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mike Segar / Files
Craigslist ’s Jim Buckmaster testified that eBay Inc ’s dealmaker , Garrett Price , cautioned in an email that Craigslist was driving Whitman “ to distraction ” seven months after the auction company became a shareholder .
“ He said he needed to tell me there were two Meg Whitmans .
We had met and reached an agreement with Good Meg .
There was another Meg , an Evil Meg .
We would be best served to know that Meg could be a monster when she got angry and frustrated , ” Buckmaster told a court in Georgetown , Delaware .
Price later denied the allegations .
“ Today ’s testimony by Jim Buckmaster concerning comments I allegedly made about Meg Whitman was false and malicious , ” he said in a statement .
EBay is suing to restore its stake , which Craigslist diluted to 24.85 pct , to 28.4 percent and to regain its board seat in Craigslist , where it became a shareholder in 2004 .
In a week ’s worth of testimony in Delaware Chancery Court , executives from two of the most prominent Internet companies testified to a series of missteps and betrayals that led to the unraveling of their relationship .
A ruling on the case may come as early as January .
EBay said that after it launched the Kijiji online classified business in 2007 in the United States , where Craigslist is the dominant player , Buckmaster hatched a “ coercive plan ” to dilute eBay ’s stake and eliminate its board seat .
Craigslist , meanwhile , has sued eBay in San Francisco , saying the larger rival used its board seat to glean confidential information about the classified ad business .
Buckmaster , who began testifying late on Friday , was the sole witness on Monday , and was questioned for more than five hours by Craigslist ’s attorney .
Much of the hearing was dedicated to questions about eBay ’s access to and use of confidential Craigslist information .
Buckmaster also described an eBay proposal for international cooperation , and Craigslist ’s counterproposal , in the months after eBay became a shareholder .
Price ’s warning to Buckmaster about Whitman was apparently aimed at speeding up the talks about cooperation , but the two companies never agreed on a joint overseas plan .
EBay bought its stake in Craigslist in 2004 from Philip Knowlton , a disgruntled former Craigslist employee .
Whitman , who is now running for Governor of California , testified last week that she had considered Craigslist her company ’s “ play ” in classifieds , an area she expected to grow rapidly .
An email that was introduced on Monday as a basis for questioning seemed to highlight eBay ’s frustrations .
The Craigslist business was a “ rocket ship ” that was “ doing fantastic , ” wrote an eBay executive in March 2005 .
However , in the same message the executive described a meeting with Buckmaster as “ quite an experience ” and said Craigslist ’s staff were “ definitely from another planet . ”
The hearing adjourned until Tuesday , when eBay ’s attorney is expected to cross-examine Buckmaster .
The trial is taking place in Delaware , where Craigslist is incorporated , and is broadcast over Courtroom View Network .
The case is eBay Domestic Holdings Inc v Newmark , et al , Delaware Chancery Court , No. 3705 - CC .
THE nonsensical belief that children can be possessed by evil supernatural forces is increasingly being spread in the UK by evangelical preachers with African backgrounds .
The problem was highlighted a year ago by a Channel 4 Dispatches team – and this week we were reminded of the devastating effects of child witchcraft belief when an evangelist church leader was jailed for eight - and - a - half years for torturing his 10 - year - old daughter .
Your daughter , in the last three to four weeks that she lived with you , was subjected to the most horrific torture .
She did not even have a bed to sleep on .
You bound her , you gagged her , you beat her , you whipped her and then kept her prisoner with no food .
It is hard to imagine any man , let alone a father , quite deliberately inflicting such calculated cruelty on a child .
It is your beliefs which led you to believe she was possessed by evil spirits .
These beliefs are frankly something an intelligent man would know were nonsense .
The man , who came to the UK from the Congo , kept the girl prisoner for four days with no food because he was convinced she was a witch .
According to this report , the twisted 39 - year - old , who can not be named for legal reasons , dripped boiling hot plastic over his terrified daughter ’s feet and beat her senseless after she became “ possessed by evil spirits ” .
The girl was held prisoner and force - fed olive oil and milk for four days after her father became convinced she had powers to make people fall asleep , Coventry Crown Court heard .
The preacher admitted child cruelty .
His second wife , the girl ’s step - mother , admitted wilful neglect of a child and was jailed for four years .
Sentencing the man , Judge Peter Ross told him :
The court heard that the girl arrived in Britain from the Congo in May 2007 and moved to live with her father and step - mother in Coventry .
Sally Hancox , prosecuting , told the court the girl was subjected to daily beatings which included being hit with a piece of wood and whipped with computer cables .
She said :
The girl was singled out by her father .
On one occasion he knelt down in front of her so he could trap her foot before putting a plastic bag in a candle and dripping the hot plastic onto her feet .
The court heard the girl ’s hands were so badly burned after being held over a candle the blisters protruded two inches out from her palms .
On another occasion the man cut his daughter ’s shoulder with a knife and smashed her head against a wall before standing on her face .
The court heard the girl was kept prisoner in her home on May 21 last year when she got into a fight at school with another pupil .
Her father locked her in her bedroom and forced her to drink olive oil and milk .
She was not given food for four days and only allowed to go to the toilet twice .
Hancox said :
When the officer examined her room he found clothes and school bags sodden with urine .
Obviously she had needed to relieve herself in her room but attempted to hide it .
The man sat impassively in the witness box and at points laughed when the crimes against his daughter was read out .
He was ordered to serve half his sentence before he is let out on license .
According to the Metropolitan Police there have been almost 60 cases of child abuse related to witchcraft or possession reported to Scotland Yard between 2006 and 2008 .
Dispatches reported last December :
Few [ witchcraft cases ] receive much publicity but perhaps the best known involved eight - year - old Victoria Climbie .
Branded a witch by a local pastor in London in 2000 , she was tortured to death by her guardians .
More recently , the torture and abuse of â€ ˜Child B ’ who was accused of witchcraft in London in 2005 , and the torture of two boys by their father in Bradford linked to a belief in witchcraft and possession highlight a growing problem .
It is not illegal to accuse a child of being a witch in the UK and members of the UK African community openly acknowledge the growing influence and powers of the pastors – that allegations of witchcraft are taking root here and something needs to be done .
One women interviewed for Dispatches said :
They ’re brainwashing them with ideas that they can be witches or possessed with evil spirits .
I think we ’re finding it hard to see a way out because church leaders are such strong people and are people to look up to in our community .
Dispatches added :
Moreover , with films promoting the idea of child witches being openly sold on London street markets and more extreme Nigerian preachers looking to set up churches in Britain and elsewhere , the problem will only get worse .
Church leaders are such strong people in our community
Watch : video interviews on the growing UK problem
Hat Tip : Stuart W
CARACAS -- Worries grew Thursday that Venezuela is on the verge of a banking crisis , causing a run on smaller lenders , sinking the country 's currency and bond prices , and stoking fears that president Hugo Chávez could nationalize the banking system .
Venezuelans and investors are concerned about small banks ' solvency following this week 's seizure of four banks run by a billionaire close to the government of President Chávez .
The populist leader may have fanned the fire when he assured Venezuelans twice this week that he stood ...
Washington ( CNN ) --
When the father of suspected terrorist Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab visited the U.S. embassy in Nigeria in November , he told officials he believed his son was under the influence of religious extremists and had traveled from London , England , to Yemen , a senior administration official said Monday .
Revealing new details , the official also denied the father told officials his son might be on a suicide mission :
" There was no suggestion he was about to carry out a terrorist act , " the official said .
A suspect in the foiled Christmas Day terror attack , Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , is being held for allegedly trying to blow up a flight carrying 300 passengers that was about to land in the United States .
This official says the father , Umaru AbdulMutallab , came to the embassy in Abuja , Nigeria , on November 19 .
" He was concerned about his son 's safety and whereabouts and wondered if the U.S. government could help , " the official said .
" The father said he was in Yemen , " this official said .
" His son had gone from London to Yemen . "
The official noted that this information was based on what the father said but has not been corroborated .
The next day , November 20 , the U.S. embassy in Abuja sent what is called a " Visas Viper cable " to the State Department detailing the father 's concerns , according to an official account by State Department spokesman Ian Kelley .
That information was passed on to the National Counter - Terrorism Center in Washington , which ruled that the information in the cable was " insufficient for this interagency review process to make a determination that this individual 's visa should be revoked . "
The secretary of state can unilaterally revoke a visa but usually does that for foreign policy and diplomatic , not national security , reasons , Kelley said .
" This has to be done in consultation with other agencies , " Kelley said .
State Department spokesman Ian Kelley provided further details Monday .
AbdulMutallab was studying in London , Kelly said .
He applied for a multiple - entry U.S. visa on June 12 , 2008 , and received it June 16 , 2008 .
The visa was a standard multiple - entry tourist visa good for two years .
" At the time , there was nothing in his application , nor in any data base at the time , that would warrant that he should not receive a visa .
He was a student at a reputable school , he had plenty of financial resources .
...
There was no derogatory information about him last year that would have indicated that he should not get a visa , " Kelley said .
The suspect traveled previously to the U.S. on another visa , Kelley said .
Kelley said Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will ask the department 's consular division to review all processes connected with issuing visas .
About the time I bought The New Republic , the British satirist and editor of Punch , Alan Coren , published a book titled The Collected Bulletins of Idi Amin , purporting to be the actual writings of the then dictator of Uganda , Idi Amin .
They were attacks on the belly and politically smart , too .
I got in touch with Coren and his publisher with the idea of putting the collection out in America .
Frankly , I chickened out because the lingo of the volume was black jive talk which seemed uncannily apt for an African tyrant - bullshitter .
Well , it was for that reason deemed by those around me too sensitive or rather insensitive for TNR .
So I stopped negotiations with the publishers in London , and the wonderful book was never issued on our shores .
It made plenty of money in England .
Some of the book 's pieces are reprinted here .
If you do n't laugh at these ... well , you 're a stiff .
A fews years ago -- 2006 , I think -- a movie titled The Last King of Scotland , with Forest Whitaker starring as Idi Amin , came out to tremendous admiration and laughter all over the world .
Of course , he was long dead or actually not so long , having died in 2003 in splendid exile in Saudi Arabia , after killing from 100,000 to half a million people .
Take your pick .
Either way , he should have been hung by his testicles .
Instead of that , Israel carried out what is called " the Entebbe raid , " rescuing its hostages from an Air France plane hijacked by the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine .
On July 4 , 1976 , the I.D.F. freed the prisoners ( three of which were killed ) and took out 45 Uganda soldiers .
One prisoner who was in the hospital was murdered in revenge by the country 's militia .
The only Israeli commando killed was Yonatan Netanyahu , the brother of Bibi .
Amin survived the entire episode to kill many others .
Perhaps the entire episode could have been avoided had President Ford only tried to engage Idi Amin .
Uganda is one of those many African tragedies that makes the whole portentous enterprise of economic development seem hopeless .
The country is one of the poorest countries in the world , with a daily average income of $ 2.00 .
On the other hand , its growth record is one of the highest at 12 % annually .
Go know .
Uganda 's misery is endless .
There is a war going on between the cruel army and the more cruel Lord 's Resistance Army .
Col .
Qaddafi 's military goes in and out , starting with his alliance with Amin , a fellow Muslim , which he thought made a good match .
The new setting for rank brutality is described in Friday 's Wall Street Journal in an article about Uganda 's plan , not yet passed , to " Toughen Antigay Law . "
Its provisions mandate the death penalty for habitual gays , for gays who have sex with minors , and for AIDS - infected gays .
Here an alliance has been made between conservative Christians and Muslims , for whom these punishments are in any case axiomatic .
Of course , Mrs. Clinton made a speech in which she singled out Uganda for criticism , calling the proposed law " a very serious potential violation of human rights . "
" Potential violation , " indeed .
Hillary gives a speech on every human ill .
This one will be as successful as her speeches in Africa a few months ago denouncing war - time rape .
Janet Porter was not involved in the Right Wing “ prayercast ” earlier this week , so she is issuing her own call to prayer and fasting to stop health care reform because “ we are literally in a battle for our lives and our freedom ” :
Faith2Action , founded by Janet ( Folger ) Porter , is today issuing a national call to prayer , fasting and action until Christmas Day .
The two reasons for this urgent call , one week before Christmas , are ( 1 ) the pending cloture vote in the U.S. Senate on government - run healthcare , and ( 2 ) the last - minute attempts to reach a global agreement as the Copenhagen Climate Change Conference comes to an end .
“ Even though Christmas is less than a week away , we are literally in a battle for our lives and our freedom , ” states Faith2Action President Janet Porter .
“ If the Senate votes to put the Government in control of our life - saving treatment options , we are all in grave danger .
This lethal legislation includes abortion funding and the denial of treatment needed to save our lives .
We are also in danger of surrendering our Sovereignty to global governance , ” added Porter .
“ Please pray that God will intervene to block a treaty from being signed in Copenhagen that would sign away U.S. sovereignty and issue unprecedented taxes and control over our lives and businesses .
“ Please join us for a time of prayer , fasting , and action all the way to Christmas–calling on our Senators to vote against Cloture on the government takeover of health care , ” Porter added .
“ Please also pray that Senator Ben Nelson will continue to stand strong against forced funding of abortion on demand and vote against cloture which would bring the government - run healthcare bill to the floor for a vote .
If he does n’t , Americans would be forced to violate their consciences in funding abortions through their tax dollars for the first time in 30 years .
“ All I want for Christmas is my life and my freedom .
But it ’s going to take prayer , fasting , and action to achieve that . ”
Porter emphasized .
Charlie Crist 's embrace of Barack Obama is the the latest evidence that political PDAs can be career - killers .
When a hug becomes a kiss of death
Charlie Crist is getting killed by a hug .
The Republican governor is being bombarded with images of him hugging President Barack Obama when he was in Florida to pitch his $ 787 billion economic stimulus plan earlier this year .
Advertisement
In just the past two weeks , that hug has appeared in an ad by the conservative Club for Growth attacking Crist , in a Democratic National Committee e-mail highlighting his recent assertion that he actually did n’t “ endorse ” the stimulus bill and in headlines all over Florida , including one Wednesday that read : “ Charlie Crist needs to figure out a way to undo a hug . ”
It will only get worse .
“ These kinds of images can be deadly , ” said Republican strategist Mark McKinnon .
“ Circumstances and context do n’t matter .
People impose their own meaning and interpretations .
And it ’s impossible to undo . ”
It is one of the oldest and simplest forms of affection .
It ’s spanned cultures and religions and gone without stigma for generations .
In politics , though , it ’s never that simple .
And as people , and politicians , have become more comfortable with the hug — particularly the “ man hug ” ( always with a handshake in between to keep the chests from touching ) — a downside of this friendly gesture has emerged .
Crist , who until recently maintained untouchable approval ratings , is now getting a taste of what a string of politicians over the past decade have learned the hard way :
You ’ve got to watch whom you hug .
In other words , political PDAs can be career killers .
Sometimes the hug comes and goes ( Hillary Clinton and Yasser Arafat ’s wife ) .
Other times , it becomes such a fixture in a campaign that it indelibly labels a candidate ( John McCain and George W. Bush ) .
The hug is most dangerous when it reinforces a narrative that ’s already resonating with voters .
Take Crist .
It ’s not only that his Obama hug feeds into the widespread distrust of him among conservative Florida Republicans and allows his U.S. Senate primary opponent , Marco Rubio , to paint him as a liberal .
Crist ’s bipartisan embrace also comes at a time when there is a mounting effort among some in the GOP to drive out Republican candidates who are n’t seen as conservative enough .
Democratic strategist Chris Lehane called Crist ’s bipartisan hug a “ twofer . ”
“ This hurts him , ” he said .
Roger Handberg , a political science professor at the University of Central Florida , put it more starkly : “ What ’s Charlie Crist ’s hug of Obama going to do for him ? ” he asked .
“ Probably get him defeated . ”
Handberg predicted that Rubio will “ beat him to death with the picture . ”
The hug attack is fairly new .
That it exists at all indicates a cultural shift .
As Lehane noted , it ’s hard to imagine John F. Kennedy publicly hugging fellow politicians , as the macho cast of the HBO series “ Entourage ” does .
Crist has tried to shrug off the hug .
“ I ’m a civil guy , ” he explained when the gesture started to creep up as an issue .
But civil translates in civics , not in politics , where spontaneous moments of seemingly innocuous public displays of affection can come back to haunt someone .
In the past few election cycles , the hug has done its share of damage .
Ned Lamont was a political novice in 2006 when he ran a successful primary challenge against Sen .
Joe Lieberman that was essentially based on the image of the veteran Connecticut Democrat being embraced by President George W. Bush after the 2005 State of the Union address .
Bush even appeared to give Lieberman a peck on the cheek .
Lieberman ’s embrace of the embattled Republican president played into the already - prevailing notion that he was out of touch with his liberal New England constituents .
Lamont supporters distributed a campaign button showing the moment , labeling it “ the kiss . ”
After former President Bill Clinton campaigned in Connecticut for Lieberman , the senator ’s camp made a button showing Clinton with his arm around Lieberman , labeling it “ the hug . ”
And Lieberman held on to win as an independent .
But even embracing the wrong politician during a better time can be deadly .
And Crist needs to look no further than his home state to see the hazards of a hug .
McCain ’s embrace of Bush at a rally in Pensacola , Fla. , in 2004 was meant to signal that the two former rivals had buried the hatchet after their bitter 2000 primary .
But the moment was so awkward and strained that it seemed less than believable .
Then , in 2008 , the Bush - McCain hug was splashed on billboards and in television ads .
Just before the Republican National Convention last year , a Democratic Party spokesman said the image was a key part of a plan to “ spend every day looking for every opportunity ” to draw the connection between McCain and Bush .
It certainly did n’t help McCain with independent voters who were down on Bush — and who flocked to Obama in the election .
Former Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle tried to leverage a Bush hug to his advantage .
Struggling for reelection in South Dakota , Daschle used the image of Bush embracing him on the Senate floor in 2001 to help him among conservatives .
“ Daschle : Time to Unite Behind Troops , Bush ” read the headline above the image in his television ad .
He still lost .
Dick Gephardt ’s 2004 presidential campaign was done in by a hug from Bush .
The former House majority leader recently told The Wall Street Journal : “ The Howard Dean campaign ran multiple TV ads with me hugging George W. Bush , and I never recovered from that with liberal primary voters . ”
There are instances when candidates overcome a perilous embrace .
One Bush - hug survivor , Texas Democratic Rep. Henry Cuellar , was able to fend off a primary challenge even though his opponent played up a photograph of Bush embracing Cuellar while he stood on the Republican side of the aisle during the State of the Union .
New York Republicans hit Hillary Clinton during the 2000 Senate campaign for her hug and kiss of Suha Arafat , the wife of the late Palestinian leader , after Arafat gave a speech in the West Bank attacking Israel .
“ While Israel sacrifices for peace , Arafat spreads hatred and lies — and Hillary embraces her , ” said one ad aimed at turning New York ’s sizable Jewish population against Clinton .
But Clinton was able to push past it because she had a long record of supporting Israel .
And once the criticism started coming , Clinton became adamantly more pro-Israel — and was elected to the Senate .
So far , Crist ’s embrace of Obama appears to be having an impact .
Rubio has seen an uptick in fundraising , and Crist is already running campaign ads a year before the election .
The question for the Republican governor is : Can he live it down ?
“ Charlie ’s very vulnerable at this stage , ” Handberg said .
“ You know , a picture ’s worth 1,000 words .
...
It ’s highlighting all of his weaknesses . ”
But if there ’s one universal truth about the hug , it ’s that circumstances change .
If Crist survives the Republican primary , the hug may reappear — in his own ads .
Mummies , Metal and Mayhem
They may hail from modern day South Carolina , but death metal veterans Nile have their minds firmly planted in the world of ancient Egypt .
Driven by harsh growls , ferocious guitars , pummeling percussion and the lyrical ruminations of guitarist / co- vocalist / founder Karl Sanders , the group continues to mine dark , aggressive sounds ripe with influences from the distant past .
The quartet ’s sixth and latest opus , Those Whom The Gods Detest , takes their sound to the next level with top - notch production from Neil Kernon ( Queensrÿche , Cannibal Corpse and Hall & Oates ) .
And , of course , there is their penchant for song titles both exotic — “ Kem Khefa Kheshef ” and “ Iskander D’hul Karnon ” — and epic — “ Utterances Of The Crawling Dead , ” “ Permitting The Noble Dead To Descend To The Underworld ” and “ Yezd Desert Ghul Ritual In The Abandoned Towers Of Silence ” .
I recently spoke with Sanders for ShockHound , and there was plenty of extra material for an exclusive A.D.D. Q&A .
Is it true that you guys recently played in Africa ?
Actually , we were scheduled for three shows , and the money was pretty good .
But then they decided to cut it down to one big show , and of course correspondingly cut down our money to next to nothing .
So by the time it was over we were maybe going to lose a couple hundred bucks , and we ’re not in the business of losing money .
We ’re in the business of playing music and earning a living .
So the African shows did not happen , much to our dismay .
Where were you supposed to play ?
A couple of South African [ cities ] — Johannesburg , Cape Town and one other place .
In response to a review of your new album on Blabbermouth , one fan posted that you play “ mummy metal ” .
I was curious as to what other tags have been given to your music over the years ?
Mummy metal , that ’s a good one .
We gave ourselves a tag , or Ithyphallic metal .
I ’ve seen “ Egypt - core ” .
I ca n’t think of anything else that stood out .
Over the years , after all of the albums you ’ve done and all the different styles of music you ’ve absorbed , how do you keep things fresh and interesting when you ’re doing a new Nile record ?
How did you approach this album differently than things you ’ve done in the past ?
You ’ve got to think beyond things like it has to be fast , it needs this particular minor scale and have this stuff in there .
It ’s about the musical ideas themselves .
Having new riffs , new ways of layering things together , putting new instruments in there certainly does n’t hurt .
Also , [ co- vocalist / guitarist ] Dallas [ Toler - Wade ] and I really work hard on the guitar playing .
I still take guitar lessons , even though I teach myself .
There are some incredible jazz guitarists in this town [ in Greenville , South Carolina ] , so you can never stop learning .
Superficially death metal is always going to have the elements that make it death metal .
It ’s going to be fast and brutal , it ’s going to have those growling vocals , it ’s going to have insane drums and minor tonalities and a sense of doom and destruction .
That ’s just a given for the genre .
So you ’ve got to dig deeper than that and actually examine the musical content rather than just the superficial , stylistic given .
Metal is more diverse now than it ’s ever been .
The subgenres themselves have a lot of clichés , but the playing field is wide open .
There are still plenty of vintage metal bands that listen to , like Living Death and Bulldozer .
Some of it was cruder and a little sloppier , but people were n’t playing that fast at that point .
Dude , when you listen to records made in the ’ 80s you go , “ Holy moley .
That ’s so primitive sounding .
People can play circles around that stuff nowadays . ”
But there ’s still a freshness to a lot of it that does n’t go away .
Certain bands back then might not technically have had the proficiency that you hear today , but I do n’t think many people are making music of that quality today .
I would agree with that .
It ’s about musical content , the idea themselves .
I ’ll even put on a Beatles record now and then and just go , “ Wow .
That ’s incredible .
I would n’t have thought to put that chord there . ”
I do n’t know if I necessarily find any , but I think there are some universal truths .
Human beings are still the same evil , vicious creatures that they always have been , and I think societies are generally ruled by the top 2 % or 3 % .
Everyone else is some form of slave .
In modern America with our capitalist structure , we do n’t realize that we ’re slaves .
We ’re just economic slaves .
We ’re still all peasants in the eyes of the ruling class .
We ’re just here to be exploited .
I think in recent times Americans are getting used and used a whole lot more .
Given how tough everything is for bands nowadays , how is Nile holding up ?
Taking a beating .
In the age of downloading , everyone thinks that all the money will be made on tour .
Dude , that ’s also where we ’re getting hit really hard .
Just the rising cost of transportation — the bus and the cost of diesel fuel — is our biggest fucking expense .
That stuff has skyrocketed , yet we do n’t see an increase in the amount of money from the promoters .
They might be charging higher ticket prices to kids , but that money is not really trickling down to us .
We ’re getting it on all sides , man .
Some of the larger cities are imposing higher and higher fees for selling your merch .
Concert T - shirts are at a stupid[ly high ] price now because you get taxed 40 to 45 % right out of the gate , off the top .
The band has to buy the shirts to start off with , and somebody is taking 40 % of the gross in every city .
It ’s no picnic out there .
Many musicians are now doing other things on the side to make more money .
I ’m giving guitar lessons , and I ’ve got my side project , so that helps a little bit .
But times are tough , man , and I do n’t see them getting any better .
How does your son feel about what you do ?
He thinks it ’s cool and all .
He thinks I should buy him a guitar for Christmas , but he ’s already got four electric guitars .
I ’m going , “ What do you need another electric guitar for ? ”
He answers , “ Dad , you ’ve got twentysomething electric guitars .
Why ca n’t I have one ? ”
I ’m trying to explain his 14 - year - old guy that I have those guitars because that ’s how I make a living .
You ’re 14 , why do you need four guitars ?
When you ’re creating art for your album covers , how much of a stickler for detail are you ?
That ’s always been an issue with me , because no matter how much of a stickler I might be , the reality is the record company gives you X amount of dollars for an art budget , and you have to come in under that budget with whatever artist you choose .
Historical accuracy or artistic consideration takes the second tier of importance .
Oftentimes you have to accept what the record company is willing to give you .
As far as production , how much comes out of your pocket and how much comes out of their pocket ?
That ’s a funny one because today I got my balance sheet for the record budget , and in there is $ 900 worth of expenses that I turned in that I did n’t get reimbursed for and had to eat .
That ’s always a bone of contention there , and it ’s not going to get any better .
CD sales are declining 35 % each successive year , so in the next five years we ’re going to see bands have their budgets completely slashed .
We have to take a budget cut as well .
On this album you worked with producer Neil Kernon , and he ’s known for doing a lot of high - profile albums .
Some people are saying this is the best sounding album you ’ve done .
Was it like to work with him , and how did he work within your budgetary constraints ?
We had to work on a great bit of the album here in my little home studio .
I have a spare room that I turned into a place to record stuff .
It ’s where I did my [ last ] solo record , and we did a lot of the new Nile record here .
If you ’re working at home you do n’t have to pay for hotel rooms for everybody or pay for studio costs .
That helped , but this is still the most expensive record we ’ve ever made .
Aside from money and all that , Neil ’s a great guy .
We love him .
He knows what ’s going on .
He ’s made a lot of really incredible records .
He has so much experience and is such a musical guy , and he does incredible work .
How do you feel he helped Nile improve their studio sound on this record ?
This time around Neil was a Nazi .
He demanded perfection on every take .
There is stuff where we did 100 takes before he was happy .
It got to be a running joke .
We would do a spectacular take , and Neil would say , “ That ’s great !
That ’s awesome !
That ’s perfect !
Now do it again . ”
There was no room for anything less than perfection on this record .
Everything ’s in tune and everything ’s in time .
It ’s what you ’ve actually got to do .
We figured out that to be able to hear everything clearly and cleanly takes a level of precision for music this fast and this dense .
If you ’re going to hear it , then it needs to be done right , just so that you can hear it .
Otherwise if there are little bits that are n’t dead on , they add up .
Even if it ’s so imperceptible that you can’t even tell , that little bit still adds up .
On this record every instrument was meticulously done .
Christ , we spent from June to mid-September tracking and mixing this thing .
And your vocals sound pretty clear , growls and all .
Everything is separated out .
Absolutely .
We spent meticulous attention to detail on everything , on a microcosmic level , and it adds up to an album where you can hear stuff .
You can tell what the fuck I ’m growling , you can hear that high - speed guitar run , and the fast drums are all there and you can hear them .
With declining budgets and all , we ’ve raised the bar to that point .
How can we ever go back ?
We can’t .
That makes your career more expensive .
Yeah , it means we take the hit .
All record companies are going to go out of business in the next five years .
So what does that mean ?
How does that translate down to us ?
That means that if we want to have a record deal , the amount of available record contracts will shrink .
The amount of money the record companies can afford to pay you is going to shrink .
But the costs to make these records is not going to shrink .
Think about that .
So that means a music career , making records , is not going to be easy in the foreseeable future .
It ’s going to get tougher .
So what is the game plan for Nile ?
It boils down to how we are going to make money to counteract that .
We ’re talking about expanding into new , emerging world markets , like India and China , where there is a middle class that has disposable income .
People in China have jobs .
There ’s work there .
They have disposable income .
Fight the Commies — Go to Church !
[ I ’m having trouble finding the time to continue Darwin Was Wrong .
Hopefully this weekend !
In the meantime , here is a quickie I wrote a couple of months ago and then forgot to run . ]
Click image to slightly embiggen
I found the above image on Miss Retro Modern ’s Flickr stream .
The ad above comes from Canada , which just proves that the U.S. does n’t have a monopoly on Christian fear - mongering .
The ad was published in 1955 , the glory days of anti-communism , anti-atheism , and the Cold War .
This ad is so scary .
The church is almost empty !
The commies will win for sure !
We ’re endangering our Way Of Life by cheating God out of his weekly fix .
I bet you materialistic atheists out there did n’t know you were enslaving six out of every twenty people living !
( Why did n’t they just say three out of ten ?
Ca n’t they find the least common denominator ?
Maybe they should spend less time in church and more time in school . )
ICS 161 : Design and Analysis of Algorithms
Lecture notes for February 1 , 1996
Graph algorithms
It 's an abstract notion , used to represent the idea of some kind of connection between pairs of objects .
A graph consists of :
A collection of " vertices " , which I 'll usually draw as small circles on the blackboard , and
A collection of " edges " , each connecting some two vertices .
I 'll usually draw these as curves on the blackboard connecting the given pair of vertices .
There are two different types of graph that we 'll commonly see .
In one type , known as an undirected graph it does n't matter which end of the graph is which -- the relation between the two is symmetric .
In that case I 'll just draw the edges as an undecorated curve .
For instance , suppose we draw a graph with one vertex for every person in the U.S. , and one edge connecting any two people who have shaken hands with each other .
If I 've shaken hands with you , you 've shaken hands with me , so each edge is symmetric .
It seems to be true that graphs like this have very small {\em diameter} : you can connect any two people with a very short chain of handshakes .
it does n't matter which end of the graph is which -- the relation between the two is symmetric .
In that case I 'll just draw the edges as an undecorated curve .
In the other type of graph , known as a directed graph , an edge goes from one of the vertices , towards the other .
In this case I 'll draw an arrowhead at the vertex towards which the edge is going .
If we drew a graph like the handshake graph described above , but instead connected two people if one had written a letter to the other , the result would be directed : if I 've written a letter to you , you may not have written a letter back to me .
Whenever we talk about graphs , we 'll use n to denote the number of vertices , and m to denote the number of edges .
This notation is confusing , but I 'll stick with it because it 's very standard .
We 'll also use V ( G ) to denote the set of vertices of a graph G , and E ( G ) to denote the set of edges .
Some more examples of graphs
Any tree is a graph .
In fact trees can be defined as the undirected graphs that are connected ( there is a path between any two vertices ) and acyclic ( there are n't any sequences of edges that go around in a loop ) .
( It is also possible to define trees in terms of directed graphs . )
Any connected graph has at least n - 1 edges , and any acyclic graph has at most n - 1 edges , so any tree has exactly n - 1 edges .
- 1 edges , and any acyclic graph has at most - 1 edges , so any tree has exactly - 1 edges .
In the last lecture , we saw a notation for decision trees in which I connected two circles ( representing objects to be sorted ) by a downward edge if a comparison had been done and had found that one was greater than the other .
This is an example of a directed graph .
The same comparison graph notation is useful in solving homework 3.19 , which asked you to find an element among the smallest k values among an n - value set .
A simple method which uses exactly n - k comparisons is just to find the minimum of the first n - k +1 values in the list .
To prove this is optimal , suppose we have found some value x that we know to be in the smallest k values .
Therefore , we must be able to show from the comparisons we have made that at least n - k other values are larger than it .
So if we draw the comparison graph of the comparisons we 've made , x must be part of a connected region of n - k +1 values ( counting x itself ) , so this region has to have at least n - k edges and we must have made that many comparisons .
Our third example of a graph is a " family tree " .
We draw a vertex for each member of a family , and a directed edge from each parent to each child .
This is not really a tree [ exercise : give two reasons why not ] but in many families has a structure similar to a tree .
Typical graph algorithm problems for this example would be to determine how two people are related , or to draw this graph as a nice picture of the family tree .
We can represent airline schedules as a graph , in which the vertices correspond to airports , and edges correspond to flights .
Unlike the previous examples , there is some extra information here that we can attach to the graph ; for instance we might store the time , cost , and airline for each flight .
A typical graph algorithm problem here might be to find the cheapest route from city A to city B , allowing stops in between .
A VLSI circuit design consists of a collection of components ( gates or transistors ) connected by wires .
We can think of the components as vertices , and the wires as edges .
A typical problem is to translate the list of electrical connections into the design for a chip .
Another problem in electronics comes from printed circuit board manufacturing .
A PC board is made of fiberglass , with wires connecting places for chips to be plugged in .
One step of making PC boards involves drilling holes where the chips go , and other holes connecting wires in different layers of the board .
We want to be able to plan the movement of a drill from one hole to the next , so it does n't spend too much time moving .
We can make a graph , in which the vertices represent holes , and each two vertices are connected by an edge labeled with the amount of time it would take to move the drill from one hole to the other .
This is a complete graph since it has every possible edge that could be there .
In this representation , our drill scheduling problem becomes one of finding the shortest path through this graph that visits every vertex exactly once .
This is a famous problem , the traveling salesman problem .
As we will see much later in the class , this is an example of an NP - complete problem , which is evidence that there does n't exist a good algorithm to solve it exactly .
However you can find a path that 's pretty close to the optimal solution , using minimum spanning trees ( to be explained next week ) .
In compiler design , one problem that a compiler must deal with is , for each variable in your code , to find a machine register that can store the value of that variable .
Typically you can't just assign them one - to - one because there are likely to be more variables than registers .
But if two variables are used in different parts of code , it 's safe to combine them and store them both in the same register .
We can draw a graph in which variables correspond to vertices , and an edge shows that two variables exist at the same time .
Then register assignment becomes a graph coloring problem .
Again this is NP - complete but reasonable heuristics are known for the graphs occurring in this application .
problem .
Again this is NP - complete but reasonable heuristics are known for the graphs occurring in this application .
Our final example comes from task scheduling -- suppose you are managing a project consisting of a sequence of several tasks to be performed ( the example I used in class was writing , revising , handing out and grading a midterm ; another comes from compiler design again : determining what order to perform a sequence of instructions ) .
Some tasks have to be performed before others , but it is not always the case that there is one fixed global order that you have to do everything in .
Here we can draw a graph in which a vertex represents a task , and a directed edge says we have to do one task before the other .
This is pretty similar in some ways to the comparison graph we drew when analyzing decision trees .
One important graph problem ( topological sorting consists of finding some global ordering consistent with these local constraints .
Another is determining , if you had enough people to work on as many different tasks as possible at once , how much time would it take to do the whole job ; this is equivalent to finding a longest path in the graph .
We 'll see later a longest path algorithm that uses topological sorting as an important subroutine .
Representation of Graphs
Object oriented representation .
The most obvious thing to do is just to copy the definition I gave of a graph .
Have some structure for each vertex ( representing whatever information you want to store there ) , and another structure for each edge ( with pointers to the two vertices it connects ) .
This representation is a little difficult to work with , because unless the edges are ordered more carefully it will be difficult to find the ones you want .
As an example we might have a graph with four vertices ( which I 'll call A , B , C , and D ) and four edges : ( A , B ) , ( C, D ) , ( B , C ) , ( C , A ) .
The object oriented representation would just have a list or array of structures for each of these objects .
The total space used by this representation is just O ( m+n ) , since there is a constant amount of space ( one structure ) per vertex or edge .
Most operations in this representation involve scanning the whole list of edges , and take time O( m ) .
.
The most obvious thing to do is just to copy the definition I gave of a graph .
Have some structure for each vertex ( representing whatever information you want to store there ) , and another structure for each edge ( with pointers to the two vertices it connects ) .
This representation is a little difficult to work with , because unless the edges are ordered more carefully it will be difficult to find the ones you want .
Adjacency list
In the adjacency list representation , each vertex keeps a linked list of the neighboring vertices .
The edges do n't really appear at all .
In the same graph above , the lists for each vertex would be : A : B , C B : A , C C : D , B , A This representation makes it much easier to find the edges connected to any particular vertex .
Its space is still also small : O ( m+n ) , since the total length of all the lists is 2 m ( each edge appears twice , once for each of its endpoints ) .
It is also quite fast for many applications .
The slowest operation that might commonly be used is testing whether a pair of vertices is connected by an edge ; this has to be done by scanning through one of the lists , but you could speed it up by sorting the adjacency lists and using binary search .
Another disadvantage is that each edge is listed twice , so if the edges carry any extra information such as a length it may be complicated to keep track of both copies and make sure they have the same information .
In the adjacency list representation , each vertex keeps a linked list of the neighboring vertices .
The edges do n't really appear at all .
In the same graph above , the lists for each vertex would be :
This representation makes it much easier to find the edges connected to any particular vertex .
Its space is still also small : O ( m+n ) , since the total length of all the lists is 2 m ( each edge appears twice , once for each of its endpoints ) .
It is also quite fast for many applications .
The slowest operation that might commonly be used is testing whether a pair of vertices is connected by an edge ; this has to be done by scanning through one of the lists , but you could speed it up by sorting the adjacency lists and using binary search .
Another disadvantage is that each edge is listed twice , so if the edges carry any extra information such as a length it may be complicated to keep track of both copies and make sure they have the same information .
Incidence list .
By combining the adjacency list and the object oriented representation , we get something with the advantages of both .
We just add to the object oriented representation a list , for each vertex , of pointers to the edges incident to it .
If I do n't specify a representation , this is probably what I have in mind .
The space is a little larger than the previous two representations , but still O ( m+n ) .
.
By combining the adjacency list and the object oriented representation , we get something with the advantages of both .
We just add to the object oriented representation a list , for each vertex , of pointers to the edges incident to it .
If I do n't specify a representation , this is probably what I have in mind .
The space is a little larger than the previous two representations , but still O ( m+n ) .
Adjacency matrix .
In some situations we are willing to use a somewhat larger data structure so that we can test very quickly whether an edge exists .
We make an n x n matrix M[i , j ] , with rows and columns indexed by vertices .
If edge ( u , v ) present , we put a one in cell M[u , v ] ; otherwise we leave M[u , v ] zero .
Finding the neighbors of a vertex involves scanning a row in O ( n ) time , but to test if an edge ( u , v ) exists just look in that entry , in constant time .
To store extra information like edge lengths , you can just use more matrices .
For the same graph above , we'd have a matrix 0 1 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 1 0 1 0 0 1 0 This is occasionally useful for performing graph computations by linear algebra .
For instance , if you take the kth power of this matrix , an entry will be nonzero if and only if the corresponding vertices are connected by a path of k edges .
For undirected graphs , the matrix will be symmetric .
.
In some situations we are willing to use a somewhat larger data structure so that we can test very quickly whether an edge exists .
We make an n x n matrix M[i , j ] , with rows and columns indexed by vertices .
If edge ( u , v ) present , we put a one in cell M[u , v ] ; otherwise we leave M[u , v ] zero .
Finding the neighbors of a vertex involves scanning a row in O ( n ) time , but to test if an edge ( u , v ) exists just look in that entry , in constant time .
To store extra information like edge lengths , you can just use more matrices .
For the same graph above , we'd have a matrix
This is occasionally useful for performing graph computations by linear algebra .
For instance , if you take the kth power of this matrix , an entry will be nonzero if and only if the corresponding vertices are connected by a path of k edges .
For undirected graphs , the matrix will be symmetric .
Incidence matrix .
This is another matrix , but generally it is rectangular rather than square ( n x m ) ; the rows are indexed by vertices and the columns by edges .
Just like the adjacency matrix , we put a one in a cell when the corresponding vertex and edge are incident .
Therefore every column will have exactly two ones in it .
For a directed graph , you can make a similar matrix in which every column has one +1 and one - 1 entry .
This matrix is usually not symmetric .
For the same graph , the incidence matrix is 1 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 1 1 0 0 0 1
Connectivity
As a rough outline , we start with some vertex x , and build a list of the vertices you can get to from x .
Each time we find a new vertex to be added to this list , we check its neighbors to see if they should be added as well .
Finally , we check whether the list covers the whole graph .
In pseudocode :
test - connected ( G ) { choose a vertex x make a list L of vertices reachable from x , and another list K of vertices to be explored .
initially , L = K = x. while K is nonempty find and remove some vertex y in K for each edge ( y, z ) if ( z is not in L ) add z to both L and K if L has fewer than n items return disconnected else return connected }
For the object oriented representation , each execution of the inner loop involves scanning through all m edges of the graph .
So the total time for the algorithm is O( mn ) .
For the adjacency matrix representation , each execution of the inner loop involves looking at a single row of the matrix , in time O( n ) .
So the total time for the algorithm is O ( n ^ 2 ) .
In the adjacency list ( or incidence list ) representation , each element on each list is scanned through once .
So the total time on all executions of the inner loop is the same as the total length of all adjacency lists , which is 2 m .
Note that we do n't multiply this by n , even though this is a nested loop -- we just add up the number of times each statement is executed in the overall algorithm .
The total time for the algorithm is O ( m+n )
If graph is connected , we can modify the algorithm to find a tree in G covering all vertices ( a spanning tree ) : For each z , let parent ( z ) be the vertex y corresponding to the time at which we added z to L .
This gives a graph in which each vertex except x is connected to some previous vertex , and any such graph must be a tree .
When analyzing the algorithm , we did n't pay attention to what order we put vertices into K and removed them again , but different orders produce different trees .
If we put vertices at end of K , take them off front ( so K acts like a queue ) we get " breadth first search " .
Then the parent of z is always as close to x as possible so this gives shortest paths from x to everything else , and the tree is short and bushy .
If instead we add and remove vertices at the same end of K ( so K acts like a stack ) we get " depth first search " .
This tends to produce long stringy spanning trees with some useful properties that we 'll see later .
I do n't agree with Ron Paul on a lot of issues , but one of them I do agree with him with is our military presence in the Middle East being one of the causes of terrorism .
Ben Stein acts like he 's never heard such a thing and the conversation gets pretty heated with Sheila Jackson Lee stuck in the middle .
I have a very hard time believing that Ben Stein has never heard that argument made before .
Saying you disagree with it is one thing .
Pretending you 've never heard the argument made is ridiculous .
I agree with something Rep .
Lee managed to get in the end there as well .
President Obama should do a recess appointment for the head of TSA to combat the Republicans obstructionism .
Transcript via CNN .
KING : Ron Paul , you want to respond first to the congresswoman and then Ben .
PAUL : Yes , I do .
KING : Go ahead .
PAUL : One thing that is missing here is never asking the question what is the motive ?
He said why he was -- he did it .
He said it was because we bombed Yemen two weeks ago .
That was his motive .
Osama bin Laden said that he has a plan for America .
First , he wants to bog us down in the Middle East in a no -win war .
He wants to bankrupt this country , demoralize us , as well as have us do things that motivate people to join his radical movement .
It seems like we 've fallen into his trap .
Why is it off base ?
Today , when the gentleman indicated that he did it because of the bombing , you know what the administration said ?
They dismissed it .
It can't possibly be so .
If you dismiss motivations for why they hate us , we can never resolve this .
There 's hate on both sides .
You have to ask the question , why do they hate ?
And they usually come up with a reason .
And we 're foolish not to take that into consideration .
KING : Ben ?
STEIN : Well , that 's -- I have never heard anything quite like that in my whole life .
What he 's saying , basically , is we are doing something wrong by defending ourselves .
Look , if these terrorists are trying to kill the government of Yemen , we 've got to help defend them .
They 're our friends .
We can't just let al Qaeda run wild .
If we try to stop them --
PAUL : Why ?
STEIN : Why should we stop them ?
Because they are terrorists and murderers and they 're very anti-American .
PAUL : Why are they terrorists ?
STEIN : Surely congressman --
PAUL : Why are they terrorists ?
STEIN : They 're terrorists and murders because they are psychos .
PAUL : They 're terrorists because we 're occupiers .
( CROSS TALK )
STEIN : No , we 're not occupiers .
That 's the same anti-Semitic argument we 've heard .
PAUL : Now that is a vicious attack .
You --
( CROSS TALK )
STEIN : It 's not a vicious attack .
LEE : Larry , I 'd like to respond to some of these points that are being made .
KING : Let 's go back to Sheila .
( CROSS TALK )
KING : Look at this , folks .
Two republicans going at it .
This is fascinating .
With a democratic liberal in the middle .
LEE : I can referee between the two of them .
( CROSS TALK )
LEE : Let me referee , please .
KING : All right .
Sheila , say something .
LEE : Yeah , let me referee , please .
That is interesting .
KING : Both have good points , right ?
LEE : They have good points .
Let me clarify and try to say that Congressman Paul has a point on our positions that we took in Iraq , which obviously created a very terrible atmosphere , and we all asked the questions what were the results .
And , of course , Afghanistan is still a question .
But we must be reminded that the terrorists acted under President Bush 's clock .
And so this can't be an issue of the president 's inactivity , per se , and a lack of commitment to the homeland .
But we have to do better .
And I believe we need to have behavioral assessment .
There was no reason for this individual to have a visa that still was in place until 2010 for them to be able to travel .
There was no reason for him not to be detected because of his behavior .
Behavioral assessment .
We need to make the homeland security of the nation focus .
Secretary of Homeland Secretary should be the point person and that person should establish a road map that then allows us to fund and to put resources accordingly .
And finally , the president --
KING : Guys , we 're out of time .
LEE :
The president should put in place the NTSA administrator by way of a recess appointment .
KING : Death , taxes and these three are going to be back tomorrow .
HARVARD COLLEGE - Harvard College is a private ivy - league undergraduate institution .
It has a world - wide reputation and a world - class faculty .
Attorney Brian Eisen graduated Magna Cum Laude and Phi Beta Kappa from Harvard College in 1988 .
MARTINDALE-HUBBELL
Peer review ratings are designed to provide an objective standard .
Ratings are based on a lawyer 's legal knowledge , analytical capabilities , judgment , legal experience , and communication ability .
An AV Preeminent rating is the highest rating a lawyer can achieve and demonstrates that the lawyer 's peers judge the lawyer as having the highest ethical and legal standards .
Attorney Brian Eisen and The Eisen Law firm have the highest rating available for this prestigious rating agency .
MILLION DOLLAR ADVOCATES FORUM is one of the most prestigious groups of trial lawyers in the United States .
Membership is limited to attorneys who have won million and multi-million dollar verdicts and settlements .
Less than 1 % of U.S. lawyers are members of this organization .
The Eisen Law Firm has been represented in this organization since 2005 .
SUPER LAWYERS is a rating service of outstanding lawyers who have attained a high - degree of peer recognition and professional achievement .
The selection process includes independent research , peer nominations and peer evaluations .
Super Lawyers have demonstrated high recognition by their peers and also have outstanding professional accomplishments .
Attorney Brian Eisen has been recognized by Super Lawyers since 2005 .
HARVARD LAW SCHOOL -
Is one of the preeminent centers for legal education in the world .
It is the oldest continually - operating law school in the United States and is always ranked in the top three law schools by national rating agencies .
Attorney Brian Eisen graduated Cum Laude from HLS in 1992 .
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION FOR JUSTICE
A membership organization based in Washington DC , is the leading organiation for lawyers representing plaintiffs in the United States .
AAJ " promotes justice and fairness for injured persons , safeguards victims ' rights - particularly the right to a trial by jury - and strengthens the civil justice system through education and disclosure of information critical to public health and saftey . "
OHIO ASSOCIATION FOR JUSTICE
A membership organization based in Columbus , is the only statewide association of attorneys whos mission is to preserve our Constitutional rights and protect access to the civil justice system for all Ohioans through advocacy in the Courthouse , Statehouse , and Bureau of Workers ' Compensation .
The OAJ is devoted to strengthening the civil justice system so that deserving individuals can get justice and wrongdoers are held accountable .
AVVO is a web - based search engine designed to help people choose the right lawyer .
Acco organizes lawyers by state and practice area and assigns them a rating based on the lawyer 's experience , disciplinary history , professional achievements , and industry recognition .
Attorney Brian Eisen has an Avvo rating of 10 , the highest possible rating .
SUPER LAWYERS is a rating service of outstanding lawyers who have attained a high - degree of peer recognition and professional achievement .
The selection process includes independent research , peer nominations and peer evaluations .
Super Lawyers have demonstrated high recognition by their peers and also have outstanding professional accomplishments .
Attorney Brian Eisen has been recognized by Super Lawyers since 2005 .
SUPER LAWYERS is a rating service of outstanding lawyers who have attained a high - degree of peer recognition and professional achievement .
The selection process includes independent research , peer nominations and peer evaluations .
Super Lawyers have demonstrated high recognition by their peers and also have outstanding professional accomplishments .
Attorney Todd Gurney has been recognized by Super Lawyers as a Rising Star .
The National Trial Lawyers Top 100 is an invitation - only organization that seeks to find the best lawyers from each state .
Selection is based on a multi- phase process that includes third - party research and peer nominations .
Membership is extended to only a select few of the most qualified attorneys from each state who demonstrate superior qualifications .
( Image : Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , at far left , in a photo from his Facebook profile , via NYT . )
Update :
See related post here , with discussion of how TSA directives may affect in - flight internet and entertainment services on domestic and international flights .
Here 's an open thread for discussing the awesome new TSA in - flight security restrictions that will surely protect us all from future pantsbombers .
Just like the war on toothpaste protected us from Mister Sizzly Pants ' crotch - launched Christmas fireworks .
How'd that loser manage to board a plane in Lagos packing Pentaerythritol tetranitrate ( PETN ) , then glide on through to a Detroit - bound Delta Airlines flight ?
What the hell 's PETN ?
Is it in toothpaste ?
How did our supposedly tightened post - 9/11 flight security system allow this to happen — despite apparent warning ?
Incidentally , I took an early morning flight on Delta today from Latin America to the US , among the first international flights subject to a TSA security directive issued this morning .
The pre-boarding procedues included the most invasive hand pat - down I 've ever had , and a long line of guys with gloves at the gate , going through everyone 's hand luggage in more detail than I 've ever experienced .
As we boarded , the flight attendants announced that all passengers would be prohibited from getting out of their seats ( for instance , to go to the toilet ) or from using any electronic devices ( phones , laptops , games ) or having anything on their laps ( even a book or a blanket ) during the last hour of the flight .
I tweeted about it from the plane .
Bottom line , the new rules make your fellow passengers farty and crosslegged ( ever try not going to the bathroom during the last part of a really long - haul international flight ? ) , the flight attendants seemed to be just as annoyed about the meritless new rules as the passengers , and we were none the safer .
The worst part ?
None of this would have stopped the pantsbomber .
Bruce Schneier today blogged , " Do we really think the terrorist wo n't think of blowing up their improvised explosive devices during the first hour of flight ? "
And as Schneier wrote back in 2008 , " Only two things have made flying safer [ since 9/11 ] : the reinforcement of cockpit doors , and the fact that passengers know now to resist hijackers . "
Related : Nigerians are seriously pissed off at the suspect , who is reported to be the son of a prominent Nigerian banker .
And the New York Times points out that what this would appear to mean for flights of 90 minutes or less : you wo n't be able to get up or use electronics for the entire flight .
Shares
More than 10,000 American women each year choose planned homebirth with a homebirth midwife in the mistaken belief that it is a safe choice .
In fact , homebirth with a homebirth midwife is the most dangerous form of planned birth in the US .
In 2003 the US standard birth certificate form was revised to include place of birth and attendant at birth .
In both the 2003 and 2004 Linked Birth Infant Death Statistics , mention was made of this data , but it was not included in the reports .
Now the CDC has made the entire dataset available for review and the statistics for homebirth are quite remarkable .
Homebirth increases the risk of neonatal death to double or triple the neonatal death rate at hospital birth .
As this chart shows , the neonatal mortality rate for DEM ( direct entry midwife , another name for homebirth midwife ) assisted homebirth is almost double the neonatal mortality rate for hospital birth with an MD .
This is all the more remarkable when you consider that the hospital group contains women of all risk levels , with all possible pregnancy complications , and all pre-existing medical conditions .
An even better comparison would be with the neonatal mortality rates for CNM assisted hospital birth .
The risk profile of CNM hospital patients is slightly higher than that of DEM patients , but CNMs do not care for high risk patients .
Compared to CNM assisted hospital birth , DEM assisted homebirth has TRIPLE the neonatal mortality rate .
The chart shows the data for 2003 - 2004 , but the data for 2005 has recently become available .
Homebirth death continues to be far higher than death in the hospital for comparable risk women .
In 2005 the neonatal death rates were CNM in hospital 0.51/1000 , MD in hospital 0.63/1000 and DEM attended homebirth 1.4/1000 .
No wonder the Midwives Alliance of North American ( MANA ) , the trade union for homebirth midwives , is suppressing their safety statistics .
From 2001 - 2008 , they have collected the single largest repository of data on homebirth .
The data is publicly available , but only to those who can prove they will use them for the “ advancement ” of midwifery , and even then , a legal non-disclosure agreement must be signed as part of the process .
MANA ’s data may very well confirm that homebirth with a DEM has triple the neonatal mortality rate of hospital birth for comparable risk women in the same year .
What is also notable is that the results are consistent with all existing scientific studies , including the Johnson and Daviss study ( Outcomes of planned home births with certified professional midwives : large prospective study in North America ) .
Johnson and Daviss actually showed that homebirth with a CPM has a neonatal mortality rate almost triple that of hospital birth for low risk women .
The latest statistics are the most recent and most reliable confirmation of that fact .
There really is no question about it .
Homebirth with a homebirth midwife dramatically increases the risk of neonatal death .
Applications & Availability
GF can be used for building translation systems , multilingual web gadgets , natural - language interfaces , dialogue systems , and natural language resources .
GF is open - source , licensed under GPL ( the program ) and LGPL and BSD ( the libraries ) .
It is available for
Linux
macOS
Windows
Android mobile platform ( via Java ; runtime )
iOS mobile platform ( iPhone , iPad )
via compilation to JavaScript , almost any platform that has a web browser ( runtime )
Programming in GF
GF is easy to learn by following the tutorial .
You can write your first translator in 15 minutes .
GF has an interactive command interpreter , as well as a batch compiler .
Grammars can be compiled to parser and translator code in many different formats .
These components can then be embedded in applications written in other programming languages .
The formats currently supported are :
Haskell
Java , in particular the Android platform
JavaScript
Speech recognition : HTK / ATK , Nuance , JSGF
The GF programming language is high - level and advanced , featuring :
static type checking
higher - order functions
dependent types
pattern matching with data constructors and regular expressions
module system with multiple inheritance and parametrized modules
Getting help
If you need some help with GF , the first places to start are the Tutorial and Reference pages .
The printed book contains all the material in the tutorial and some extra bits , and is the recommended reference for GF .
We run the IRC channel # gf on the Freenode network , where you are welcome to look for help with small questions or just start a general discussion .
You can open a web chat or browse the channel logs .
If you have a larger question which the community may benefit from , we recommend you ask it on the mailing list .
Have you had too much to drink ?
There ’s an app for that .
The Colorado Department of Transportation has created a free iPhone program that lets users calculate their blood - alcohol level .
By entering basic information — your weight , sex , number of hours you ’ve been drinking and the type and amount of alcoholic beverages you ’ve consumed — you ’ll get an idea whether you ’ve overdone it .
In addition to getting an estimated blood - alcohol content , users see messages such as , “ No hangover expected , ” and “ You ’re buzzed . ”
If they are considered over the legal blood - alcohol level for driving under the influence — 0.08 percent — the app displays an apt warning : “ Do n’t even think about it . ”
“ People just need to be aware of how alcohol affects them , ” said Heather Halpape , a spokeswoman for CDOT ’s safety programs .
“ This is just a tool to give them a little idea of where they are . ”
There ’s more .
Users can click on a “ Taxi ” icon for the phone number of the closest Yellow Cab office .
Called “ R - U - Buzzed ? ” the app uses the iPhone ’s GPS to determine the person ’s location before offering the telephone number .
It ’s the first time a state transportation department has created such an app , agency officials say .
But it ’s not intended as a substitute for common sense .
Difficulty entering the information might mean you ’re a good candidate to walk home .
CDOT stresses the program should be used only as a guide as it does n’t consider other critical factors , such as an individual user ’s metabolism or whether they ’ve had anything to eat .
Developed by Denver - based ID345 , the app is part of CDOT ’s “ Plan Ahead ” campaign to cut down on drunken driving during the holidays .
It ’s proving popular , as it has already been downloaded 3,000 times since it was posted in Apple ’s app store in mid-November .
It ranks among the Top 50 health and fitness programs , according to ID345 .
Emily Tompkins , Colorado executive director for Mothers Against Drunk Driving , said she does n’t advocate for the tool because too many other factors can affect a person ’s impairment level .
“ I think there ’s a lot of room for error , and people just really have to understand it ’s an estimate and the point is to plan before you ’ve been drinking , ” Tompkins said .
She lauded the campaign ’s overall message , which encourages people to decide how they ’ll get home before they start drinking .
The campaign targets the holidays because of the surge in office and house parties .
The campaign is in its third year .
Today , CDOT is expected to announce a new website , PlanAheadColorado.com .
The site will serve as the campaign ’s hub of information , listing more than 60 bars and restaurants in Denver , Boulder , Fort Collins and Colorado Springs that will provide free $ 5 vouchers for cab rides during the holidays .
Seven hotels in Denver , Fort Collins and Colorado Springs have agreed to give customers a discount if they ask for the “ Plan Ahead ” rate .
Yellow Cab is paying for the design and printing of the taxi vouchers and offering free Plan Ahead advertising on its vehicles .
In return , Yellow Cab is the program ’s exclusive taxi in Denver , Boulder and northern Colorado .
Andy Vuong : 303-954-1209 or avuong@denverpost.com
By Jason Palmer
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
The planet , called GJ758B , may well have a sister , GJ758C Astronomers have published an image of the coolest planet outside our solar system that has been pictured directly .
The new find is more similar to our own Solar System than prior pictured exoplanets , in terms of the parent star 's type and the planet 's size .
However , the surface temperature is a scorching 280- 370C , and could still prove to be a brown dwarf star .
The results , published in Astrophysical Journal , were obtained by a new camera on the Subaru telescope in Hawaii .
Among more than 400 known exoplanets , only 10 have been imaged directly , rather than detecting them via measurements of their parent stars ' light or movement .
The task is notoriously difficult , akin to discerning a match next to a floodlight at a distance of kilometres .
One good turn
The new HiCIAO camera makes it possible to spot exoplanets next to their parent stars through a process called angular differential imaging .
In this approach , successive pictures are taken when a target star is directly overhead in the sky and possible exoplanets appear to rotate around it ; any specks of light due to the measurement stay put and can be subtracted .
In two observations in May and August , an international team of researchers led by the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy focused the telescope on GJ758 , a star about 50 light - years away .
They found a so - called gas giant planet of a mass somewhere between 10 and 40 times that of Jupiter , in an oval - shaped orbit around the star .
Exoplanets are tough to picture directly , but methods are being refined
It is presently at a distance about the same as between our Sun and Neptune .
Because of the elliptical orbit , its average distance from its host star is about one - and - a - half times that between our Sun and Pluto .
Because it remains so hot despite the considerable distance from its star , the researchers believe it is still in the process of contracting .
As is the case with many potential exoplanets of that estimated mass , GJ758B may be a brown dwarf star .
" We can see how warm this thing is but we do n't know for how long it has cooled , because we do n't know the age of the system - that 's the tricky part , " said Markus Janson , one of the authors on the paper now at the University of Toronto .
Knowing the age as well as the temperature of GJ758B will help determine exactly how massive it is , and thereby if it is in fact a planet or a brown dwarf .
" One thing we want to do is to examine the star , because determining the properties of the star is the easiest way to determine the age of the star , " he told BBC News .
However , the August observation turned up another interesting possibility .
" We also want to follow up on another candidate in the system that can be seen in the images , but we have to see if it 's actually bound to the star , or whether it 's something that 's just there by chance . "
The team will continue its measurements on the parent star and investigate the second candidate - GJ758C - in the spring of 2010 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Bovine Colostrum is available in supplement form , but what is it and why would you want to take it ?
You may recognize that the word bovine deals with farm animals , but what is the colostrum part ?
This term is all about the breast milk of bovine animals .
Now , you may be thinking you do n’t want any at this point , but would you be passing up on something good that has numerous health benefits ?
Not every claim about bovine colostrum has held its own over time , but people have had to continue to figure out the benefits of the substance .
For example , there was much interest at one point about the antibodies of the milk , but the claim that they could help people keep out intestinal infections just did n’t really pan out .
That does n’t mean that other claims about the supplement have n’t panned out though .
Any Benefits ?
One of the main benefits of bovine colostrum that people often talk about is how it can help the immune system .
This is always a great benefit to hear about when you ’re looking at natural supplements .
You also have the benefit of improving your nervous system , which is also always a good thing .
Then there are other benefits , like the one where it can actually topically help reduce colon inflammation .
It is n’t just about the natural milk but also continued efforts to make it even better .
They have found out all kinds of things about what the bovine milk from cows can do if the cows have had certain vaccinations .
Does that really help ?
Evidently so , and so far what has been discussed is really only the beginning .
For instance , the benefits of bovine colostrum extends to even helping with specific conditions such as the diarrhea that AIDS patients suffer sometimes .
There is evidence showing its benefits , but then there are also benefits that medical experts claim are n’t proven just yet .
If you have been looking into losing weight and burning fat , then you might have heard about bovine colostrum in that regard .
Reviews will say different things , so you will have to be the judge and jury , but there are medical experts who say the evidence just is n’t there yet .
How do you take a this supplement ?
Do you buy it and get all of the declared benefits , or is it tweaked and marketed in various products so that you have to know what to buy ?
You are going to want to be versed about any possible side effects as well because you want to know if there is anything to worry about .
According to the experts , there should n’t really be side effects for the most part , and that ’s good .
Are there other interesting facts about bovine colostrum that you might want to know about before you make an executive decision ?
Maybe you have heard much about this supplement and its health benefits , and you have decided to look and see if it can help you treat certain symptoms .
All those little natural things you do sometimes sure can make a difference .
Does anyone you know take the colostrum supplements ?
While it was mentioned that the bovine colostrum is rather free of side effects , pregnant and nursing women are still cautioned not to take it .
Why ?
This is again going to have to do with there not being enough evidence according to some medical experts to classify this supplement as helpful to humans or safe .
You might or might not want to dig further , but are you thinking about seeing what the bovine colostrum can do ?
It just might be your next favorite natural remedy .
On a 104 - degree Friday in July when sunlight bathed The University of Arizona campus , doctoral student Dio Placencia sat before a noisy vacuum chamber in the Chemical Sciences Building trying to advance the renewable energy revolution .
As a member of UA professor Neal R. Armstrong 's research group , Placencia conducts research aimed at creating a thin , flexible organic solar cell that could power a tent or keep a car charged between trips to work and back home again .
He 's passionate about renewable energy and says it 's a waste that so little solar has been incorporated into society .
" I have a little flat panel that I walk around with , " Placencia said .
" I usually put that on my backpack , and I charge my cell phone when I 'm walking to school . "
The sun is clean and free .
" Here it is , " he said .
" Why not use it ? "
Across the University , professors , researchers , students and others involved in policy planning and economic analysis are working to make that question moot .
In a region noted for abundant sunlight , they are chipping away at problems like how to employ solar at the utility - generating plant level , how to harness it to charge the newly indispensable products of the day – cell phones , MP3 players , laptops – what to do at night and when clouds halt the energy giveaway from the sky .
The research proceeds in labs amid state - of - the - art equipment funded by multimillion - dollar federal grants .
It 's the product of students ' hunches and long careers spent unlocking the mysteries of science .
Along the way , students are being immersed in a nascent industry that many hope will be the economic engine of the next decade .
advertisement
" Looking at renewable energy is a perfect place to emphasize that we do n't know where the next breakthrough is going to be , " said Leslie P. Tolbert , UA vice president for research , graduate studies and economic development .
" Somewhere in a lab someplace , there 's somebody figuring out a whole new way to capture sunlight .
In fact , there are many people doing that .
And even they are depending on knowing that there is , behind them , a cadre of basic science researchers producing new information that will feed their thoughts . "
Armstrong , a professor of chemistry and optical sciences at the UA , occasionally teaches freshman chemistry .
He decided one day near the end of the semester to try to make the material even more relevant .
" I said to myself , well , lithium ion batteries in my cell phone , in my iPod , " – his daughter had given him one – " I wonder how much coal we burn to charge those guys up at the end of the day .
Because that 's one of the big drivers for portable power , to get all this stuff off the grid . "
After making some very conservative calculations , he arrived at an answer , which he shared with the class : " You burn about a quarter of a pound of coal per charge of your lithium ion battery , and you generate about half a pound of CO2 per charge , per battery , per day ....
The room got really quiet . "
The next time , he intends to calculate how much coal is burned per Twitter tweet .
" It really is chilling , " Armstrong said .
" You start doing the math and thinking about the number of consumer electronic devices that you and I have added to our lives in the last decade that I charge up typically once every night – my laptop computer and my cell phone .
Then you start thinking about , ' What if I do buy an electric car , and I come home at night and plug that sucker in , ' and you do the same thing .
We 'll shut this grid down in no time . "
In April , the U.S. Department of Energy announced it was funding Armstrong 's Center for Interface Science as one of 46 Energy Frontier Research Centers .
The mission of these centers , which will receive $ 2 million to $ 5 million a year for five years , is " to address current fundamental scientific roadblocks to clean energy and energy security , " according to the DOE .
advertisement
Ever since Armstrong was a graduate student during the first Arab oil embargo in 1973 , he 's experienced a succession of government distress calls over energy .
One such emergency led him to discover the work of Heinz Gerischer and Frank Willig in Germany .
They had figured out how to adsorb dye molecules to the surface of oxides and split water with light from the sun .
" I thought , ' That 's it .
That 's what I 'm going to do my career on . ' "
He moved to the UA in 1978 , attracted by a program in photo - thermal solar energy conversion .
In the 1980s , with gas cheap and plentiful again , solar went back on the back burner .
The next call came about four years ago .
" DOE was beginning to sense that the tides were about to shift again , big - time , " Armstrong said .
" And they were really concerned that they did n't know what to do – how to present this to Congress in a way that would lead to new funding and which would have a rationale associated with it so that by the middle of this century we had someplace to go . "
Armstrong realized it was time to come back to the problem that he wanted to work on 30 years before .
" This time , we were really well - equipped , " he said .
" We 've learned how to image molecules at the molecular level , we 've learned how to measure energies of incredibly thin films , we 've learned how to make devices , we 've collaborated with physicists and material sciences and that sort of thing , we 've done a lot of interesting other stuff and I suddenly realized I could bring it all back together here . "
In his office , he displays a sample of his work : a 1 - inch square of glass on which is deposited a thin film of indium tin oxide , a conducting transparent oxide commonly found in display technologies like computer screens .
On top of that is a thin film of organic dyes .
The last layer is an aluminum electrode .
" You 'd have a roll of plastic with these cells laid out on it , " he explained .
" The idea is for you to go to Target or something like that and buy this roll of plastic and roll it out .
It 's got two wires connected to it , and you plug in your battery or your laptop and charge it up . "
" The grand total in terms of the thickness is about 400 nanometers , which is one ten - thousandth the thickness of a human hair .
And yet , shine a light on it and you get electricity out of it .
Now we 'd like it to be a bit thicker .
We have to keep them thin in order to get all of the electrical charge out of the device .
But if you think about this as a sandwich structure , we 've made this incredibly thin sandwich and then each of the layers in contact with each other have to be just right in terms of the chemical composition , the orientation of the molecules , how well they adhere to each of the underlying surfaces .
And if I go in and change just one molecule layer , the composition – that 's at the level of 1 nanometer in thickness – I can take a good device and turn it into a bad device ; I can take a bad device and turn it into a good device .
That 's the kind of level of control that we need .
And we do n't fully understand it . "
But the equipment available now – optical microscopes capable of imaging individual molecules and revealing their electrical properties and spatial orientation – are helping his team understand .
His goal is to figure out how to have the molecules arrange themselves – every time – in a way to produce lots of electricity .
" They have to all line up like little soldiers , " he said .
" We have to give you a technology that is going to look like an ink , like a blue ink , that you can spray down on one of these surfaces and the molecules at the nanometer level are going to say , ' OK , we 're going to get organized this way , ' and in doing so , when I put that top electrode on and shine a light , I 'll get lots and lots of electricity out of there , " Armstrong said .
A high vacuum photoelectron spectrometer allows them to build each molecular layer , moving it within the vacuum to study it , and then continue with another molecular layer .
Other tools , like a silicon microtip , which looks like a tiny phonograph needle , can be positioned to +/- 0.01 nanometers .
" Well inside the diameter of a molecule , " he said .
Bouncing a laser off the back of the tip yields an image .
Passing current through the tip , they can map the electrical properties of molecules .
All this can help them build a template to create the ideal array of the molecule assemblies .
Erin Ratcliff joined the team as a postdoctoral electrochemist with a doctorate from Iowa State .
" My background was n't in solar cells at all , " she said .
" I had to come here and had to learn everything , where grad students get it from Day One at the UA . "
She spoke of the business school curve , resembling a hockey stick , when progress begins to accelerate rapidly .
" We 're right at the magic moment when the hockey stick starts to take off , when you go from flat to hockey stick .
We 're right there .
It 's exciting to read the literature and hope that , yes , we will take off .
It will be exciting to look back and say ' I was there for that . ' "
Last Thursday my wife and I were in the midst of an argument .
Nothing major of course , she was stressed out and when she is stressed she screams at me for a while until she feels better and then usually everything is all good .
During our argument we saw a little head bobbing around through the window on our door … there was the pastor that performed our wedding ceremony standing there .
I ’m not sure who sent him or if he had even been sent at all , this was the first time I had seen him in the three years since we were wed so the visit was quite peculiar .
When my wife and I were in the process of getting married we both still believed though we had our doubts about Christianity , nonetheless the pastor found himself easily impressed by us and our resolve to remain virgins until our wedding night , so as far as he knew all was well with our faith at that time .
I can only assume that he had gotten some wind of my fall from grace , this is a small town and I am very much an Out atheist , but regardless this is how our conversation went :
Satan
( Wife yelling from the bedroom , me standing in the kitchen trying to get her out the door so we can go eat , we notice his head bobbing through the window )
( I open door , then I recognize him … I invite him in , we sit on the couch … wife runs to the bedroom to avoid this conversation all together )
Pastor : So…are you two going to church anywhere ?
( I ’d rather just let the cat out of the bag here , get it out on the table )
Me : Well … you see … I do n’t believe in god anymore
Pastor , not looking surprised in the least :
Let me ask you something …
Have you been getting into any sort of Satanic stuff ?
( Seriously )
A little background here : A couple years ago a rumor got around that I was getting into the occult … all stemming from a blog post I did about my studies in the occult .
So I immediately think that he is referencing the occult .
As you will see , this is not the case .
Me , angry at this question :
Why in the world would you ask that ?
What do you even mean ?
Pastor : I mean have you been watching TV and reading stuff and listening to evil music ?
( I realize that by satanic stuff he simply means anything that is NOT Christian , which really threw me off at first but my mindset what much like that at one time )
Zion
We talked about that for a few minutes and somehow we got to talking about Bible Prophecy :
Pastor :
If you read the Bible you can clearly see all of the prophecies coming true !
Me :
You know I have read the Bible , and honestly from what I can see there may be a group of individuals trying to MAKE the Bible come true , but most of it is bunk .
It ’s a book of lies .
Pastor :
You watch and see , very soon America will turn it ’s back on the nation of Israel and Russia and Iran will converge on her , but Israel will prevail !
Me , very frustrated at even the slightest hint of Zionism : America should not be supporting Israel in any way for any reason , they have a genocidal government run by Zionists that do n’t blink when they shoot rockets at Palestinian orphanages and hospitals .
Pastor :
That ’s right , they do that because it is their land and the Palestinians have no right to it .
Me : So …let me get this straight .
It ’s OK for Israel to kill innocent women and children because they are trying to live peacefully on land that Israel was promised 4000 years ago by “ god ” ?
Pastor :
Of course
( I rage inside )
Me : So , if someone builds an orphanage on an acre of your land and you do n’t like it , it ’s ok to shoot a rocket to take that orphanage down with everyone inside ?
Pastor :
No no , I did n’t say that .
But it is Israel ’s land .
( I try to explain the history of Isreal from the 1850 ’s forward and he chooses not to listen ) ( Here is a post I did during the most recent Israel / Palestine conflict explaining some of that )
( Pastor starts talking about President Obama… somehow )
Obama
Pastor : Obama is a Muslim , he was raised a Muslim
Me , enraged : Obama is a Muslim ?
He is a professing Christian , I do n’t even like the guy but if you are going to criticize him at least have something TRUE to criticize him with , not this fear mongering crap you are talking about now .
Just because an email says it does n’t make it true .
On that note I ’m done with this conversation because I wo n’t tolerate being lied to .
( Somehow we still talked for 15 more minutes , after I calmed down )
Conclusion
As we progressed I was told about hell , and how I would go there if I was not saved .
He also mentioned that if I ever was saved that I could n’t be un -saved so god would call me back eventually ( with a certain twinge of doom in his voice ) in some way , be it good things or bad things occurring in my life .
This , my beloved readers , is why living as an atheist in the South - eastern United States ( more specifically the Deep South of Georgia ) is about as enjoyable an experience as living in a tank full of crocodiles .
They will believe anything so long as it does n’t compete with their already predetermined worldview , and if you try to dispel that belief they simply ignore you .
As a side note I now have a Facebook Fan Page , on it I will be discussing the progress of this website and my upcoming book ( oh , you did n’t know ?
That is why you should fan me right now ! ) so , if you are on Facebook , please FAN ME !
NAIROBI , Kenya 
A cholera epidemic is sweeping across Kenya , with 4,700 cases reported in the past month and 119 deaths in what Kenyan officials are calling “ one of the worst outbreaks in a decade . ”
The most stricken areas are the arid swaths of northern Kenya , which were hit this year by a devastating drought .
The scant rains have meant that many people are surviving off dirty , germ - infested water , which is how cholera spreads .
The drought has also left thousands of people malnourished and weak , making them vulnerable to infectious diseases .
Because of the remoteness of many of the infected areas , aid workers say they believe that the officially reported numbers of cases and deaths may vastly understate the severity of the outbreak .
“ People are really sick , and coming down from the hills , and we really do n’t know how bad this is yet , ” Nicholas Wasunna , a humanitarian adviser for the aid group World Vision , said Friday .
Network card bonding is an effective way to increase the available bandwidth , if it is done carefully .
Without a switch that supports 802.3ad , you must have the right hardware to make it work .
In this article we will explain how bonding works so you can deploy the right mode for your situation .
Most administrators assume that bonding multiple network cards together instantly results in double the bandwidth and high - availability in case a link goes down .
Unfortunately , this is not true .
Let 's start with the most common example , where you have a server with high network load , and wish to allow more than 1 Gb/s .
Bonding With 802.3Ad
You connect two interfaces to your switch , enable bonding , and discover half your packets are getting lost .
If Linux is configured for 802.3 ad link aggregation , the switch must also be told about this .
In the Cisco world , this is called an EtherChannel .
Once the switch knows those two ports are actually supposed to use 802.3ad , it will load balance the traffic destined for your attached server .
This works great if a large number of network connections from a diverse set of clients are connecting .
If , however , the majority of the throughput is coming from a single server , you wo n't get better than the 1 Gb /s port speed .
Switches are load balancing based on the source MAC address by default , so if only one connection takes place , it always gets sent down the same link .
Many switches support changing of the load balancing algorithm , so if you fall into the single server - to - server category , make sure you allow it to round - robin the Ethernet frames .
Alternatively , you do n't need to burn the expensive switch ports at all .
Both servers can be connected together via crossover cables to the bonded interfaces .
In this configuration , you want to use balance - rr mode on both sides , which we will explain momentarily .
Generic Bonding
There are multiple modes you can set in Linux , and the most common " generic " one is bonding - alb .
This mode works effectively in most situations , without needing to configure a switch or trick anything else .
It does , however , require that your network interface support changing the MAC address on the fly .
This mode works well " generically " because it is constantly swapping MAC addresses to trick the other end ( be it a switch or another connected host ) into sending traffic across both links .
This can wreak havoc on a Cisco network with port security enabled , but in general it's a quick and dirty way to get it working .
Channel Bonding Modes
Channel Bonding modes can be broken into three categories : generic , those that require switch support , and failover - only .
The failover - only mode is active - backup :
One port is active until the link fails , then the other takes over the MAC and becomes active .
Modes that require switch support are :
balance - rr : Frames are transmitted in a round - robin fashion without hashing , to truly load balance .
Frames are transmitted in a round - robin fashion without hashing , to truly load balance .
802.3ad : This mode is the official standard for link aggregation , and includes many configurable options for how to balance the traffic .
This mode is the official standard for link aggregation , and includes many configurable options for how to balance the traffic .
balance - xor : Traffic is hashed and balanced according to the receiver on the other end .
This mode is also available as part of 802.3ad .
Note that modes requiring switch support can be run back - to - back with crossover cables between two server as well .
This is especially useful , for example , when using DRBD to replicate two partitions .
Generic modes include :
broadcast :
This mode is not really link aggregation - it simply broadcasts all traffic out both interfaces , which can be useful when sending data to partitioned broadcast domains for high availability ( see below ) .
If using broadcast mode on a single network , switch support is recommended .
This mode is not really link aggregation - it simply broadcasts all traffic out both interfaces , which can be useful when sending data to partitioned broadcast domains for high availability ( see below ) .
If using broadcast mode on a single network , switch support is recommended .
balance - tlb : Outgoing traffic is load balanced , but incoming only uses a single interface .
The driver will change the MAC address on the NIC when sending , but incoming always remains the same .
: Outgoing traffic is load balanced , but incoming only uses a single interface .
The driver will change the MAC address on the NIC when sending , but incoming always remains the same .
balance - alb : Both sending and receiving frames are load balanced using the change MAC address trick .
High Availability
How often have you seen a network die catastrophically ?
So bad that the link died ?
Chances are : never .
More often you will see packet loss and very strange behavior .
The failover part of NIC bonding is quite attractive to many administrators , but it rarely ever works .
When the switch that both ports is connected to reboots for a firmware upgrade , you are down .
The easy fix is to connect each port to two distinct switches , right ?
If you are using a bonding mode that does n't require switch support this will work fine .
If , however , you are using a mode that requires switch support , this is not possible on most devices .
Switches that support stacking , and are managed from a single point , often support EtherChannel across multiple switches .
Ideally , you would would connect one port to each , and never reboot the whole stack of switches simultaneously .
Decisions
Bonding is simple once you understand the limitations of each mode .
if you 're working in an environment where switches support 802.3ad and you have no special needs , use that mode .
Conversely , if you have no switch support and just want to increase throughput and enable failover , use balance - alb .
Finally , if you just need a data replication link between two servers , balance - rr is the way to go .
Not so long ago , Federal Reserve officials were confident they knew what to do when they saw bubbles building in prices of stocks , houses or other assets : Nothing .
Now , as Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke faces a confirmation hearing Thursday on a second four - year term , he and others at the central bank are rethinking the hands - off approach they 've followed over the past decade .
On the heels of a burst housing - and - credit bubble , Mr. Bernanke now calls financial booms " perhaps the most difficult problem for monetary policy this decade . "
...
HONG KONG  Sarah Palin , in what was billed as her first speech overseas , spoke on Wednesday to Asian bankers , investors and fund managers .
A number of people who heard the speech in a packed hotel ballroom , which was closed to the media , said Mrs. Palin spoke from notes for 90 minutes and that she was articulate , well - prepared and even compelling .
“ The speech was wide - ranging , very balanced , and she beat all expectations , ” said Doug A. Coulter , head of private equity in the Asia - Pacific region for LGT Capital Partners .
“ She did n’t sound at all like a far - right - wing conservative .
She seemed to be positioning herself as a libertarian or a small - c conservative , ” he said , adding that she mentioned both Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher .
“ She brought up both those names . ”
I received this gift at the beginning of the week .
I was very excited to see my gift in the flesh and boy , was it heavy too !
So I promptly put it under the tree with the intention of waiting a week before opening it on Xmas .
But the thought of a mystery gift ATE at me all week long .
I 'd find things to distract myself , thinking I should wait like everyone else in my family until Christmas morning and it would be MUCH more rewarding that way .
But the more I tried to ignore my growing curiosity , the more compelling reasons I came up with to unwrap it .
I came close to doing it on Thursday but I resisted .
My will finally broke on Sunday after staring at the box under the tree for about 30 minutes ; a post package looking so out of place among the other wrapped gifts .
So before my mind changed again , I tore the thing open ...
First to greet me was a Mechanical Kangaroo ( or MechRoo as it shall forever be known henceforth ) .
It is very awesome and I laughed heartily at that .
I can't wait to put it together , but right now it 's been rewrapped and placed under the tree .
The next package was completely unexpected .
It was so heavy that I feared lead weights .
But after unwrapping it carefully , I was greeted with a piece of Yesteryear Lore - a product of the 60s growing optimism , the Smith - Corona Mail Call .
Essentially , a portable recording device which allowed for up to 6 minutes of talktime that could be recorded onto a tape and send on the regular mail to its recipient who would then play it back on their Mailcall .
It 's in pristine condition , which tells me whoever originally paid the $ 160 odd dollars back then took very good care of it .
When piratecat revealed himself to be mu SecretSanta , I went back to his reddit history and at once , it all made sense and was very clear to me .
This is the device which contained the recording of a young family sharing the joyous news of a baby arrival to a very happy and proud grandmother .
It was very touching to hear the voices and it gave me a glimpse to a family back in time whose joy could be heard , even after all these years ( piratecat was kind enough to translate the tape recording into an mp3 file which was sent on a 2 Gb memory stick , along with a note explaining this to me ) .
I am very happy with my gift and I thankyou piratecat - a thankyou letter is on its way to you :)
Scientists from the Space Research Institute of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences ( BAS ) have been reported to be in touch with extraterrestrial beings .
The Bulgarian Novinar Daily has reported that the Bulgarian scientists are currently working on deciphering pictograms which are said to have come in the form of the so called “ crop circles ” with which the aliens answered 30 questions posed by the BAS researchers .
“ They are currently all around us , and are watching us all the time .
They are not hostile towards us ; rather , they want to help us but we have not grown enough in order to establish direct contact with them .
They are ready to help us but we do n’t know what to request from them in case of contact , ” said Lachezar Filipov , Deputy Director of the Space Research Institute of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences , as quoted by the Novinar Daily .
Filipov has said that even the Vatican had agreed that aliens existed .
In his words , the humans are not going to be able to establish contact with the extraterrestrials through radio waves but through the power of thought .
He has stated that the human race was certainly going to have direct contact with the aliens in the next 10 - 15 years .
The deputy head of the Bulgarian Space Research Institute has also told the Novinar Daily that the extraterrestrials were critical of the people ’s amoral behavior referring to the humans ' interference in nature ’s processes .
Filipov ’s team is reported to be analyzing the 150 new crop circles which appeared around the globe in the past year .
The publication of the Novinar Daily about the BAS researchers communicating with aliens comes in the midst of a controversy over the role , feasibility , and reform of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences , which last week even led to the exchange of offensive remarks between Bulgaria 's Finance Minister , Simeon Djankov , and President Georgi Parvanov .
Shares
The new mantra of midwives and their advocates is “ evidence based practice . ”
Lamaze , the childbirth education organization has changed the name of their blog to “ Science and Sensibility ” emphasizing the importance of science and promising :
Lamaze education and practices are based on the best , most current medical evidence available , and can help reduce the overuse of unnecessary interventions while improving overall outcomes for mothers and babies .
But midwives and childbirth educators like Lamaze have a problem .
The scientific evidence often conflicts with their ideology .
They could address this problem in several ways .
Midwives could modify their specific ideological beliefs on the basis of scientific evidence .
Childbirth educators could question whether ideology has had an inappropriate impact on the promulgation and validation of their recommendations .
Both those approaches would involve a threat to cherished beliefs .
They , therefore , have taken a different approach .
They ’ve tried to justify ignoring scientific evidence .
As midwives Jane Munro and Helen Spiby have documented in The Nature and Use of Evidence in Midwifery , the first chapter of their book Evidenced Based Midwifery , midwives were initially enthusiastic about basing clinical practice on scientific evidence .
That ’s because they had long told each other that midwifery was “ science based ” while obstetrics was not :
At the beginning of the evidence based practice movement , much of the midwifery profession responded enthusiastically to the potential for change …
Evidence based practice was seen to be offering a powerful tool to question and examine obstetric - led models of care that had dominated the previous decades .
The results of such examination could have meant ‘ starting stopping ’ the unhelpful interventions that had embedded themselves in common practice …
But it turned out that obstetrics had been based on scientific evidence all along and it was midwifery that ignored the scientific evidence in favor of ideology .
Indeed , almost all practices exclusive to midwifery ( as opposed to copied from obstetrics ) have never been tested .
They might be valuable ; they might be useless ; they might even be harmful .
No one bothered to check before implementing them because they were based on ideology .
It has been quite a shock to midwives and childbirth educators to learn that most of their own practices have never been scientifically validated .
Even worse , much of their critique of modern obstetrics flies in the face of the existing scientific evidence .
As Munro and Spiby explain :
… [ S ] ome midwives have not been so enthusiastic [ about evidence based practice ] , viewing the drive to create and implement evidence as a threat to their clinical freedom .
In other words , cherished ideological beliefs conflict with scientific evidence .
Thus began the attack on scientific evidence .
As a first approach , midwives and childbirth educators have rejected the definition of evidence .
As defined by Sackett , the founder of evidence based practice , it is “ the conscientious , explicit and judicious use of current best evidence in making decisions about the care of individual patients . ”
That sounds objective , and evidently , objectivity is a problem .
They have attempted to solve that problem by insisting that evidence can only be defined in context .
“ Context ” in this case really means “ ideology . ”
Scientists see the ideology free nature of scientific evidence as one of its strengths and therefore privilege it as the ideal form of evidence .
But Lomas , writing about midwifery critics of evidence , explains that they reject this privileged status :
[ I]t is important that context evidence should not be viewed as any less ‘ scientific ’ .
They advocate moving forward from the epistemological argument about what is ‘ best evidence ’ towards a ‘ balanced consensus ’ …
The use of the word “ consensus ” is illuminating .
Evidence can only be evidence if it includes the opinions of midwives and childbirth educators , whether those opinions are based on science or not .
Indeed , the scientific facts are merely one aspect of evidence .
“ Social science oriented research ” and “ the views of stakeholders ” are supposed to have equivalent weight .
Such is the genesis of midwifery papers like Wickham ’s Evidence Informed Midwifery , and , my personal favorite , Parrat and Fahy ’s Including the nonrational is sensible midwifery .
When the evidence does not support your claims , the use of adjuncts , including nonrational ones , will justify any beliefs .
The Parrat and Fahy paper is particularly instructive on this point .
Their central claim is that the inclusion of the non-rational is midwifery “ enhances safety ” :
When the concept of ‘ safety ’ is considered in childbearing it can illustrate how insensible rationality can be and how negative consequences can occur .
Safety is an abstract concept because it is difficult to define and can only be considered in general terms .
Rational dichotomous thought , however , provides ‘ safety ’ with the following defining boundaries : – ‘ safe ’ has a precise opposite called ‘ unsafe ’ ,
– every situation / person / thing must be either be safe or unsafe ,
– a situation / person / thing cannot be both safe and unsafe , and
– it is not possible for a situation / person / thing to be anything
other than safe or unsafe .
Furthermore :
… What is deemed as safe is aligned with what is rational and what is unsafe is aligned with what is irrational .
As irrationality is not acceptable this essentially forces the definition of safety to be thought of as ‘ true ’ even though it may not fit with personal experience and all situations …
As the standard birth environment is the medicotechnical environment of the hospital this is presumed to be the safest .
Its ‘ opposite ’ , the home environment , is therefore rationalised to be unsafe .
To argue otherwise would define the rational person as irrational …
In the purely rationalist way of thinking there is no other option except to consider that honouring the nonrational variabilities of individual bodily experience is irrational and unsafe .
The authors end with a flourish of outright stupidity :
For example , when a woman and midwife have agreed to use expectant management of third stage , but bleeding begins unexpectedly , the expert midwife will respond with either or both rational and nonrational ways of thinking .
Depending upon all the particularities of the situation the midwife may focus on supporting love between the woman and her baby ; she may call the woman back to her body ; and / or she may change to active management of third stage .
It is sensible practice to respond to in - the - moment clinical situations in this way …
This paper is but one example of a disturbing trend : many midwives and childbirth educators use the term “ scientific evidence ” merely as a rhetorical device , in the same way that creationism and other form of pseudoscience use the term “ scientific evidence . ”
As Coker details in his article Distinguishing Science and Pseudoscience :
Pseudoscience appeals to the truth - criteria of scientific methodology while simultaneously denying their validity .
Similarly , midwives and childbirth educators invoke the criteria of scientific methodology while simultaneously insisting that their personal beliefs matter as much if not more .
It may have been the happiest day of the year on 19 June , but we are already into the hangover .
Figures obtained by the Liberal Democrats reveal that antidepressant prescription numbers are going through the roof – 36 m scripts were handed out to patients in England last year , a rise of 2.1 m on 2007 .
That 's almost one for every adult .
Lib Dem health spokesman Norman Lamb is right to describe the figures as " deeply disturbing " .
Lamb has demanded improved help for people whose problems are recession - related .
It 's true that financial woes create more distress , but we should n't use the economy as a smokescreen for what is a longer - term malaise .
Antidepressant use has been going up for years – prescriptions have more than tripled since the early 1990s .
We have not become a Prozac nation overnight .
So what is going on ?
Are we genuinely becoming more miserable ?
That 's part of the story – according to official statistics , the percentage of people with a " common mental disorder ( pdf ) " increased from 15.5 % in 1993 to 17.6 % in 2007 ( that 's a million extra unhappy people across the UK ) .
Some of these inevitably wind up at the GP surgery , seeking relief .
But perhaps more instructive is what happens next .
Most GPs respond to mental health problems by reaching for the prescription pad , even though guidelines from the National Institute For Clinical Excellence generally recommend psychological therapies .
To some extent , doctors do this because they have little choice – more than three - quarters have prescribed medication despite thinking an alternative would be more appropriate .
Most do so because there are no other options available – decent psychotherapy services are still few and far between , and often have long waiting lists .
However , medics also prescribe drugs because that 's what they are trained to do – pills have long been their ( and our ) default response to depression .
The dominant view of psychiatric illness is that chemical imbalances in the brain are mostly to blame , and that they can be controlled with pharmaceuticals .
This line has been peddled hard by drug companies , and for a long time it was accepted almost without question — the reception which greeted the arrival of Prozac and the other SSRI antidepressants ( which were supposed to counter the " imbalances " ) was nothing short of hysterical .
Reality has been more prosaic : a recent review found the SSRIs barely more effective than a placebo pill .
Still , the NHS bill ( pdf ) for prescribing them runs into hundreds of millions of pounds a year .
It 's a crazy situation , and the tide may be turning .
The dubious tricks used by drug companies to make their products seem more effective are becoming widely known ( thanks in part to vocal critics from inside medicine , such as this paper 's Ben Goldacre ) , while the government is beginning to invest in proven non-drug alternatives , such as psychotherapy .
Research into the biological bases of mental ill - health is floundering – a study just released casts serious doubt on the existence of a previously heralded " depression risk gene " .
Meanwhile , there is a growing evidence base for simple , socially based steps everyone can take to improve their wellbeing .
These include building good relationships , lifelong learning , being kind to others and exercise – not rocket science , but somehow we seem to have forgotten them .
And this week , renowned clinical psychologist Richard Bentall publishes Doctoring The Mind : Why Psychiatric Treatments Fail .
In meticulously referenced detail , Bentall documents the shocking failures of biological psychiatry and the drug - based mental health system it perpetuates , and calls for an evidence - based alternative that offers patients support , care and respect .
The book effects a courageous , comprehensive demolition of the status quo , and offers a radical vision of a more humane future for services – it should be required reading for everyone with a hand in mental health policy .
It wo n't be easy to make such radical changes in the way we approach wellbeing .
It means giving up hope of medical " quick fixes " , at least until they are as good as their makers claim , and turning instead towards methods that are far less financially profitable , and which require hard work on the part of professionals , patients , government and the rest of us .
As well as an overhaul of services , it means tackling social fragmentation , greed - based economics and the stress created by a speedy , sensationalist culture .
And it means starting a mature debate based on understanding rather than fear of the mind , promoting the ways we can look after our psychological as well as our physical health .
That may sound like a tall order , but until we make a start , the queue of glum - looking folk at the chemist will just keep on getting longer .
The global revolt keeps building against carbon cap and trade , not that you 'd know it from the U.S. media .
First the U.S. Senate postpones its bill , next countries meeting in Copenhagen this month can't agree on emissions cuts , then emails among climate scientists reveal rigged peer - review , and now comes a political uprising in Australia that may doom a carbon tax down under .
Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has made a sweeping cap - and - trade bill the centerpiece of his legislative ...
The vast majority of an estimated $ 352 billion in proceeds of organized crime , mostly from the drug trade , was funneled through the global banking system during the financial crisis of the past two years , and in some cases , the money rescued banks from collapse , says the head of the UN Office on Drugs and Crime .
Antonio Maria Costa told the UK Observer that intelligence agencies and prosecutors alerted him 18 months ago to evidence that drug money was being “ absorbed into the financial system . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ In many instances , the money from drugs was the only liquid investment capital , ” Costa said .
“ In the second half of 2008 , liquidity was the banking system ’s main problem and hence liquid capital became an important factor . ”
The Observer reports :
Some of the evidence put before his office indicated that gang money was used to save some banks from collapse when lending seized up , [ Costa ] said .
“ Inter - bank loans were funded by money that originated from the drugs trade and other illegal activities …
There were signs that some banks were rescued that way . ”
Costa declined to identify countries or banks that may have received any drugs money , saying that would be inappropriate because his office is supposed to address the problem , not apportion blame .
But he said the money is now a part of the official system and had been effectively laundered .
Gangs are now believed to make most of their profits from the drugs trade and are estimated to be worth £ 352bn , the UN says .
They have traditionally kept proceeds in cash or moved it offshore to hide it from the authorities .
It is understood that evidence that drug money has flowed into banks came from officials in Britain , Switzerland , Italy and the US .
Read the complete Observer article here .
Costa has been head of the UN ’s drug and crime office since 2002 , and is known for his tough stance on illicit drugs , including marijuana .
He recently warned that Africa is becoming a major drug hub , following an investigation into the crash of a Boeing 727 in Mali that had flown in from Venezuela carrying 10 tons of cocaine .
Mérida y Chihuahua comparten el segundo y tercer puesto en el ranking de las ciudades con mayor nivel de digitalización elaborado por Motorola , con 51 puntos en escala de 100 .
El estudio de uno de los mayores fabricantes de teléfonos celulares evaluó a 150 ciudades de 15 países de Latinoamérica , estableciendo a Sao Paulo , Brasil , como la ciudad con mayor desarrollo digital con 52.3 puntos .
El Ranking Motorola de Ciudades Digitales afirma que " Chihuahua tiene uno de los mayores desarrollos en seguridad de la muestra y una red preparada para la mejora de la seguridad ciudadana .
La norte ña entidad se destaca en e-gobierno , muestra grandes esfuerzos por llevar conectividad a todas las instituciones educativas y ha desarrollado un sitio enfocado a la transparencia de la Administración Publica " .
En la realización del estudio se tuvieron en cuenta la infraestructura , los servicios , la e-vinculación y el compromiso con la reducción de la brecha digital de 150 ciudades en 15 países de América Latina , así como el uso de tecnologías de la información y comunicación ( TICs ) en los ciudadanos , empresas y otras instituciones públicas .
Publicidad
México tiene actualmente una penetración de ancho de banda de 13.8 % , por debajo de naciones como Chile ( 26.5 % ) o Argentina ( 19 % ) , y muy por debajo de Estados Unidos ( 50.8 % ) y Canadá ( 62.9 % ) , según datos de la Organización para la Cooperación y el Desarrollo Económicos ( OCDE ) .
El ranking establece que " Mérida se destaca por los Servicios ( primer puesto ) y tiene un compromiso creciente para achicar la brecha digital a través redes inalámbricas gratuitas , telecentros y campañas para fomentar el uso de Tecnologías de Información y Comunicación ( TICs ) .
Es significativo el modelo de transparencia de sus cuentas públicas con información Web actualizada al día anterior a la consulta " .
San Luis , en Argentina , es la cuarta ciudad más digital de América Latina , con 50.7 puntos .
Otras ciudades mexicanas que aparecen en el ranking son Guadalajara en la posició5 , Tuxtla ( 16/17 ) , San Nicolás de los Garza García y San Pedro Garza García ( 21 y 22 respectivamente ) .
Ranking de las 25 ciudades con mayor nivel de digitalización
Posición Ciudad País Puntos 1 San Pablo Brasil 52.3 2/3 Chihuahua México 51.0 2/3 Mérida México 51.0 4 San Luis Argentina 50.7 5 Guadalajara México 50.3 6 Florida Uruguay 49.6 7 Santiago Chile 49.2 8 Bogotá Colombia 49.0 9 Chacao - Caracas Venezuela 48.2 10 Las Condes Chile 45.9 11 Los Olivos Perú 45.4 12 Salvador Brasil 45.3 13 San Joaquín Chile 45.2 14 Medellín Colombia 45.1 15 Buenos Aires Argentina 44.9 16/17 Tuxtla México 44.8 16/17 Viña del Mar Chile 44.8 18 Boca del Río México 44.6 19 Marcos Paz Argentina 43.9 20 Callao Perú 43.2 21 San Nicolás de la Garza México 42.9 22 San Pedro Garza García México 42.7 23 Puerto Montt Chile 42.5 24 La Serena Chile 33.0 25 Valencia Venezuela 26.9
Fuente : Ranking Motorola de Ciudades Digitales
Former Oklahoma City radio personality Lisa Mirick , who had battled drug and alcohol problems , died Tuesday in Savannah , Ga. Mirick was 47 .
Her brother , Bobby Mirick of Oklahoma City , said she died between 3 and 6 p.m. Tuesday , and the family was awaiting results of an autopsy .
He said Lisa had lived the last two years in Savannah with her father , and was battling alcohol problems .
“ She had some physical ailments from alcohol abuse , ” he said .
A memorial service is being planned after Thanksgiving in Oklahoma City , he said .
Mirick 's last radio job was at KQOB - FM 96.9 , teaming with Ron Benton .
She left the station in June 2006 because of personal problems .
“ We are all shocked , ” said Chris Baker , Citadel Broadcasting operations manager .
“ Lisa was truly loved by her many listeners . ”
After leaving KRXO - FM 107.7 in December 2003 , Mirick and Benton helped KQOB 's morning show become No. 1 in the 25 - 54 age demographic .
Mirick had her share of turmoil .
Following her on - air tirade against Benton in December 2004 , station management pulled the plug on the KQOB 's audio for 21 minutes .
CULIACÁN , Mexico  Federico Solórzano is no used car salesman , but he seemed to be getting into the part as he made the rounds of a well - stocked car lot the other day .
“ This is a 2009 Lincoln S.U.V. , ” he said , gesturing toward a decked - out vehicle to his right .
“ Over there , we have two Corvettes .
Here ’s a Smart car . ”
He was dressed in camouflage , and affixed to his shoulder were a golden eagle and single star , which gave away his real job as a Mexican Army general .
But besides commanding the counternarcotics troops here in Sinaloa , the northwestern state that is the cradle of Mexican drug trafficking , General Solórzano also manages a huge used - car lot made up of vehicles the army has seized in Sinaloa over the past three years .
Image The Mexican Army has confiscated more than 700 vehicles in Sinaloa , including custom - made choppers and a classic Chevy painted like a Chicago police car .
Credit ... Adriana Zehbrauskas for The New York Times
It turns out that much can be learned about the drug traffickers that the Mexican Army is combating by examining the 765 vehicles crowding the military base here awaiting disposition from the courts .
If you are what you drive , drug dealers are devious , malicious , extravagant and quite conscious about security .
premium_icon Offer extended : Subscribe for just $ 1
Full digital access
Whether it ’s understanding the local implications of coronavirus , how the state is charting its way out of lockdown or our unparalleled coverage of local news , you ’ll get full access to our reporting under this offer ... but do n’t delay , it ends soon .
SIGN UP NOW for just $ 1 a week for 12 weeks .
November Update :
If you 're looking for information on the Nov. 16 to 17 meteor shower , check out Leonid meteor shower times :
When you should look skyward
Are you ready for some meteors ?
Tuesday night party !
Well , that 's how the song might go if Hank Williams Jr. was singing the pre-game to tonight 's Orionid meteor shower .
But as far as we can tell , Williams is n't adding this to his Monday Night Football schedule and we could n't find the pre-game party anyway .
But that does n't mean the show 's not going to go on .
Anything but .
Tonight and tomorrow morning are the peak viewing times of the Orionid meteor shower .
Monitor colleague Pete Spotts suggests you do n't go to sleep tonight .
Or if you do , do it now and set your alarm for 1 a .m. because that 's when -- as Deoin Sanders would say -- it 's " prime time . "
( By the way , the 1 a .m. schedule is good no matter what time zone you live in , which makes it convenient to remember ) .
The viewing should be good until dawn .
Right before sunrise could even be the best time to view .
That 's a lot of rocks
Although the Orionids historically have produced between 10 and 20 meteors an hour , it 's trending high .
" Since 2006 , the Orionids have been one of the best showers of the year , with counts of 60 or more meteors per hour , " said Bill Cooke of NASA 's Meteoroid Environment Office .
Many meteor scientists believe that 2009 will be more of the same -- lots of meteors .
I need GPS
That 's good news for skywatching enthusiasts .
But what if you 're not an astronomer .
How do you know where to look ?
We advise -- up .
Really , that 's all you need to know .
It 's not like you are trying to find Uranus .
It 's not a fixed location .
The Earth is moving into the field of meteors so they can be viewed anywhere in the night sky .
And do n't worry about your house getting flattened or anything .
What we 're seeing is just cosmic dust -- remnants from Halley 's comet -- entering our atmosphere .
( If your house does get flattened though , do n't call us ) .
Plan of attack
To maximize your chances of seeing some meteors tonight , go to a remote location where there is n't much light pollution .
Wyoming , for example , is really good for that .
Next , let your eyes adjust to the darkness .
Be patient .
Do n't bother bringing a telescope as it wo n't be any help .
Then , sit back and relax and get ready for the show .
By the way , the Orionids picked a good night to enter our atmosphere .
NASA 's Dr. Tony Phillips says it 's a gorgeous night to look up .
" The [ meteor ] display will be framed by some of the prettiest stars and planets in the night sky , " Phillips said .
" In addition to Orionids , you 'll see brilliant Venus , red Mars , the dog star Sirius , and bright winter constellations such as Orion , Gemini and Taurus .
Even if the shower is a dud , the rest of the sky is dynamite . "
Let us know how your viewing experience is or if you see any mysterious halo clouds that look like UFOs by following us on Twitter !
See also :
Make way for meteors !
The Orionids are coming !
Get ready for the Perseids , a summer show of a different sort
What a full moon !
And a meteor shower that 's still worth watching
Home > Asia Pacific > South East Asia > Myanmar > Myanmar Protest >
News
Burmese Junta Bans Dhamma Advertising By ARKAR MOE , The Irrawaddy , December 16 , 2009 Rangoon , Burma -- Burmese authorities have banned the public display of posters in Mandalay advertising dhamma talks by monks .
The ban was issued through the Sangha Maha Nayaka Committee , the state - sponsored Buddhist monks ’ organization .
Dhamma talks are a deeply rooted tradition in Burma , and posters advertising them usually carry pictures of the monks who give them .
A monk from Pyigyi Ta Kun township , Mandalay Division , told The Irrawaddy on Monday : " I think the military regime wants to stop people listening to the teachings of dhamma .
People are angry about the ban . "
The authorities have also banned individual monks , such as Shwe Nya War Sayardaw , the dean of Shwe Nya War Buddhist University in Rangoon , from delivering dhamma talks .
A monk who studied at the Buddhist University told The Irrawaddy on Monday : “ Shwe Nya War Sayardawgyi was banned from giving dhamma talks in Rangoon last year because he spoke about Bogyoke ( General ) Aung San and the essence of independence . ”
Aung Htet Lin , who helps organize dhamma talks , told The Irrawaddy on Monday : “ We have to apply to the Burmese authorities and the Sangha Maha Nayaka Committee in advance .
We have to list the name of the sangha , the title of the dhamma and the place and time it will be delivered . "
In another restriction on Buddhist religious activities in Burma , the Ministry of Religious Affairs has stopped issuing letters of recommendation , which monks need to travel broad .
Ashin Issariya , a founders of the All Burma Monks ' Alliance ( ABMA ) , said : “ It is clear that the military junta is challenging Burmese monks and Buddhist devotees .
The junta does n't want monks to be popular , well - known or close to the people . "
Ashin Issariya said the restrictions were an insult to monks and would have a " bad effect " on the country and its people , leading to more conflict .
Mandalay resident Min Ye Aung , who also helps organize dhamma talks , said the authorities were also limiting the space allotted for the talks with the aim of reducing the number of people attending them .
In October , the ABMA expelled junta leader Snr-Gen Than Shwe from the Buddhist faith on the grounds that he had failed to issue an apology for his abuse of monks and the religion of Buddhism .
According to official data , there are more than 400,000 monks in Burma , and its community , the Sangha , is considered one of the strongest and most revered institutions in the country .
Rotting marijuana that Michael Jackson ’s family members mistook for heroin briefly caused detectives to look for further evidence of the illegal drug in the pop star ’s rented residence during the frenzied 48 hours after his death , according to sources close to the investigation .
Family members told coroner ’s officials that they found “ tar heroin ” in the Holmby Hills home ’s master bedroom .
Only Jackson and his children had access to the room , according to court records unsealed Thursday .
The discovery prompted authorities to obtain a search warrant for Jackson ’s house for heroin , hypodermic needles , cutting agents , scales , balloons , condoms , razor blades , buyer lists , and seller lists , among other items , documents show .
But within days , police had ruled out heroin as a factor in the singer ’s death , sources close to the investigation said .
Lab tests showed that the purported heroin was actually moldy marijuana , sources said .
And , according to court records , a lengthy police interview with Jackson ’s personal physician , Dr. Conrad Murray , placed another drug , the powerful anesthetic propofol , at the center of the investigation .
Law enforcement sources said that neither marijuana , cocaine nor heroin were found in Jackson ’s system .
Advertisement
The search warrant records , unsealed at the request of several media organizations , show that police seized 12 bottles of the sedative temazepam , several other prescription drugs and empty medication vials from Jackson ’s house the day after his June 25 death .
As part of the investigation , police searched Murray ’s car June 29 , records show .
But according to the search inventory , the only items seized were a business card for an executive handling Jackson ’s London concerts , a contract and an envelope with miscellaneous writing .
In another warrant made public Thursday , a federal agent wrote that Jackson ’s longtime friend and physician Dr. Arnold Klein had self - prescribed medication 27 times during a nearly three - year period .
The allegation prompted a federal magistrate to sign off on a search last week of Mickey Fine Pharmacy , which Jackson frequently used .
State records showed that Klein had self - prescribed Vicodin , Valium , the sedative midazolam and modafinil , a drug used to improve wakefulness .
Advertisement
Klein ’s attorney , Garo B. Ghazarian , said Klein never self - prescribed any medication , but the lawyer declined to explain the drug - tracking records .
--
kimi.yoshino@latimes.com
richard.winton@latimes.com
Advertisement
Times staff writers Andrew Blankstein and Harriet Ryan contributed to this report .
Let Him Go
Next : The More It Knows , The Better It Controls
As a petite woman , do you struggle to find clothes and styles that properly suit you and your frame , that show you off in the best way ?
Well , look no further .
All exclusively created for petite women 5 ’ 3 ″ and under – or anyone who needs something a little more tailored …
Photo : Courtesy of HBO .
Illustration by Nick Higgins
On January 16 , 2000 , Big Pussy slouched up Tony Soprano ’s driveway , hiding his terrible secret .
It was the first episode of the second season of The Sopranos , and everywhere , on cable and network , artful programming was on the rise .
In April , HBO aired The Corner , the precursor to David Simon ’s The Wire ; in May , Buffy the Vampire Slayer closed its fourth season with the dream - finale “ Restless . ”
In July , Freaks and Geeks completed its single perfect season .
Sex and the City was a national sensation , The West Wing had begun the previous fall , Jon Stewart was finding his feet on The Daily Show , Adebisi was murdered on Oz , and Curb Your Enthusiasm debuted , violating the premise that viewers could n’t tolerate a hateful protagonist .
HBO was in its heyday ; TiVo in its infancy .
As Sinatra crooned over The Sopranos ’ opening scenes , it was a very good year .
Of course , 2000 was also the year Survivor debuted , that bug -eating guilty pleasure critics denounced as the apocalypse .
On Fox , Rick Rockwell married Darva Conger on Who Wants to Marry a Multi- Millionaire ? , attracting 22 million viewers : a faked - up spectacle , starring unpaid unknowns , yielding a massive jackpot .
You could easily memorialize the aughts as the Decade of Reality TV , that wild baby genre conceived in some orgy of soap opera , documentary , game shows , and vaudeville — it was reality , after all , that upended the industry ’s economic model and rewrote the nature of fame .
Or you could mark this as the era of the legal procedural , or the age of Hulu and DVRs and TWOP .
But for anyone who loves television , who adores it with the possessive and defensive eyes of a fan , this was most centrally and importantly the first decade when television became recognizable as art , great art : collectible and life - changing and transformative and lasting .
As the sixties are to music and the seventies to movies , the aughts — which produced the best and worst shows in history — were to TV .
It was a period of exhilarating craftsmanship and formal experimentation , accompanied by spurts of anxious grandiosity ( for the first half of the decade , fans compared anything good to Dickens , Shakespeare , or Scorsese , because nothing so ambitious had existed in TV history ) .
To recognize how radical a shift this was , you need to recall the easy contempt television inspired for 50 years , back when it was “ the vast wasteland , ” “ chewing gum for the eyes . ”
Even the greatest TV creators knew enough to be reflexively self - mocking ; they labored in a compromised medium , built to sell soap .
But as this decade began , it had already begun to dawn on viewers that television was something that you could not just merely enjoy and then discard but brood over and analyze , that could challenge and elevate , not just entertain .
And a new generation of prickly , idiosyncratic , egotistical TV auteurs were starting to shove up against the limits of their medium , stripping apart genres like the sitcom and the cop show , developing iconic roles for actors like Edie Falco and Michael C. Hall .
As the years proceeded ( and technology inspired new styles of storytelling ) , even network TV could stage an innovative series like Lost .
On pay channels , especially HBO , it was a genuine renaissance : Show - runners like David Chase and Alan Ball and David Milch and Michael Patrick King ( and his Sex and the City writers ) reveled in cable ’s freedom , exploring adult themes in shocking , sometimes difficult ways .
The New York Times pretty much lost its mind over The Sopranos , but even in retrospect , David Chase ’s nasty masterpiece was a prescient creation , a symbol of what was taking place across the schedule :
It was an auteurist twist on a classic genre , featuring a dislikable protagonist and stylistic risk - taking startling for TV ( dream sequences , oddball pacing , film - quality visuals ) .
In the last years of the nineties , Joss Whedon attracted a passionate cult following with his very different but equally ambitious series Buffy the Vampire Slayer , freed not by paid cable but by the invisibility of the WB .
Blending teen romance with classic horror , Buffy had adult resonance disguised by its juvenile title and lo-fi looks — and it was the precursor to ambitious genre programming including Veronica Mars , Alias , Battlestar Galactica , Whedon ’s Firefly , Lost , and True Blood .
Chase ’s and Whedon ’s very different voices would come to represent the new style of TV making , less sentimental and more freewheeling , willing to alienate viewers , capable of a slow build not over episodes but over whole years — in striking contrast to the slick , interchangeable legal and medical procedurals , the syndication - friendly format that dominated the networks .
On HBO , Alan Ball turned Six Feet Under into a stage for questions about mortality .
Aaron Sorkin built a liberal holodeck on The West Wing ; on FX , The Shield examined the intertwining nature of corruption and heroism .
J. J. Abrams co-created the philosophical puzzle - box Lost ; David Milch shocked the Western to life on Deadwood ; Vince Gilligan interrogated one man ’s slippery moral slope on Breaking Bad .
On Canadian television ( and reruns , thank God , on Sundance ) , the drily hilarious Slings and Arrows slashed through three matchless seasons from 2003 to 2006 .
Showtime built its own boutique - cable brand , with naughty series that reveled in dysfunction — the best being Weeds and Dexter ( and the loopiest , Ilene Chaiken ’s The L Word ) .
The decade of innovation was capped by the rise of Matthew Weiner , another sly , combative auteur inspired and trained by David Chase , whose narcotic Mad Men brought back the watercooler debates of The Sopranos .
These breakthroughs extended to sitcoms as well .
When Seinfeld ended in 1998 , critics eulogized the genre — but on network , comedies outstripped dramas for sophistication and often emotional depth .
The British version of The Office launched the mockumentary sitcom , a much - imitated technique that reflected and parodied reality TV .
There were deconstructive sitcoms like the transcendent Arrested Development and 30 Rock ; there were self - loathing Hollywood satires like The Comeback .
And there were sparkling , multilayered comedy - dramas like Sex and the City , a stylized , easily underestimated series that spoke with nuance and complexity about single women ’s lives .
Even less ambitious sitcoms became faster and subtler ( although not as politically aware as sitcoms of the seventies ) : Compare How I Met Your Mother to its cornier cousin Friends .
But if there was one show that exemplified the highest aspirations of TV - as - art , it was The Wire .
Airing from 2002 to 2008 , it was the single best show in the history of television , a ( yes ) Dickensian portrait of an entire city ’s corruption .
Show - runner David Simon was a classic aughts auteur : arrogant , grudge - bearing , with a bullheaded sense of artistic entitlement .
The show he created never became a pop sensation like The Sopranos ; it attracted a cult following .
Yet despite the show ’s tiny fan base , it symbolized what truly brilliant TV could be .
A portrait of Baltimore in decay , the series built , over 60 episodes , a prismatic , mordantly funny , bleak , and enraging universe of drug dealers , cops , pier workers , teachers , politicians , journalists , and do - gooders .
Animated by a slow - burn moral outrage , it was grounded in Simon ’s experience as a crime reporter .
And it featured an astonishingly diverse set of African - American male and female characters , often playing roles other crime series would have reduced to fungible thugs .
( Standouts included Idris Elba ’s stunning turn as business - student / kingpin Stringer Bell . )
But the series ’ sneakiest achievement may have been the way it elevated , shattered , and remade the format of the police procedural , spider - webbing that old scaffolding with numberless subplots , bits of crackling dialogue , sickening and subtle imagery .
Over the seasons ,
The Wire generated a sheer narrative density that demanded and assumed an intelligent audience was out there , willing to interpret .
No wonder critics kept reassuring readers that the show was n’t homework :
It was worth the devotion it required .
In fact , a series like The Wire might not have found that audience were it not for galloping advances in technology : DVDs that allowed viewers to watch a whole season in a gulp and , later , DVRs that let viewers curate , pause , and reflect .
By opening up TV to deeper analysis , these technologies emboldened a community of TV - philes , fans and academics who defended the medium as worthy of critical respect .
Online , writers were forced to reckon with their most passionate viewers ( and some loopy new critical forms : the recap , fan fiction , “ filk ” ) .
A show like Lost , with its recursive symbol - games , could n’t exist without the Internet ’s mob -think .
But this was true as well for The Sopranos and Mad Men , allusive dramas that rewarded rumination , causing nationwide waves of appreciation and backlash for months after each new episode .
It ’s no coincidence that such technologies ran parallel to a rise in structural experimentation .
Besides using mockumentary style , many series experimented with voice - overs and other self - conscious tricks , like the real - time countdowns of 24 ( the first big DVD hit ) and the fantasy sequences on Scrubs .
In the latter part of the decade , there was a vogue for fractured chronology , with time - leaps or rippling flashbacks ( gambits that echoed the new pausing –fast - forwarding technologies ) .
Sometimes these methods felt gimmicky , but more often , the aughts auteurs expanded the vocabulary of TV while reveling in the peculiar strengths of the medium : 22 hours to tell a story , long - arc characterization , that intimate loop with viewers who watched alone , at home — and then in communion online .
Few shows were baldly political , but many explored adult themes .
Weiner and Whedon were obsessed with gender and power ; Battlestar Galactica explored religion ;
The Wire took on class , race , and the nature of human corruption .
Television had always been a pleasure , a mass entertainment .
It was by nature collaborative , requiring and rewarding compromise from those who created it .
But in the aughts , the best TV - makers displayed the entitlement of the artist , a risk in an industry dependent not only on advertisers but on the willingness of viewers to continue to let you in , week after week .
When his online fan base howled at tragic plot turns , Whedon argued , “ It ’s a mandate : Do n’t give people what they want , give them what they need . ”
Chase resisted fan worship of Tony Soprano by grinding our faces in his anti-hero ’s repulsiveness .
In an interview just before the Mad Men finale , Weiner mused , “ You know what , I do n’t want to have the tail wag the dog ; I do n’t want the audience deciding what I do .
Because I do n’t think in the end they ’re the best judges of that . ”
This does n’t mean that every nose - thumbing auteur made great TV : Take , for example , Aaron Sorkin ’s Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip , a tantrum about television , on television .
But despite such misfires , there was something revelatory about this personality type , characterologically resistant to people - pleasing , with a bratty — sometimes self - destructive — insistence on a legacy beyond that night ’s ratings .
All this would be nothing but thrilling — the tale of a decade when TV grew a spine and a brain — if it were n’t for the possibility that it could come to an end .
The network model has crumbled in ways presaged a decade ago , then intensified by the bad economy .
Product integration infests even the best series .
But it might be a mistake to get too apocalyptic :
This decade began , after all , with critics warning that reality shows would destroy TV altogether ( rather than , say , revive the art of ballroom dancing ) .
And who knows what the future will bring ?
During the 2008 writers ’ strike , Whedon produced the online exclusive Dr. Horrible ’s Sing - Along Blog on a shoestring budget .
The mini-musical was a charmer , but it was also a stab at a vanguard TV economics , in which creators might sell directly to fans , enabling indie TV to bloom on the Internet .
Will that shift online spur something new and exciting ?
In the aftermath of this breakthrough decade , that ’s what I hope for .
Call me naïve , but that ’s what I glimpse when I look to the horizon : the next new wave .
Editor 's note :
This is part of a series of reports looking at members of your elected delegation .
Ron Paul is a white - haired , soft - voiced , 74 - year - old doctor who has twice failed in presidential campaigns and is frequently derided by his Republican colleagues as an ideologue from the party 's libertarian fringe .
No one would have been surprised if the Lake Jackson congressman had slipped off the political radar after his 2008 quixotic bid for the presidency , his ambitions for higher office thwarted .
But Paul has refused to go out to the political pasture to live in comfortable irrelevance .
As odd as it may seem , he has become one of the most influential Republicans in a capital city dominated by liberal Democrats .
The subject that has brought him to prominence is the same issue that subjected him to ridicule from establishment Republicans for years : his long - standing opposition to the nation 's monetary system and the Federal Reserve Board that prints money and controls its supply .
“ On economic matters , he was seen as a way outside the mainstream , ” University of Houston political scientist Richard Murray said .
“ His views were somewhat 19th century in the view of a lot of economists . ”
Well , they say history repeats itself , and suddenly Paul's “ 19th - century ” thinking seems appealing to those suffering through the first economic meltdown of the 21st century .
No longer ignored
Paul 's proposal to audit the Federal Reserve — first introduced by the Texas congressman more than 20 years ago — recently sailed through the House Financial Services Committee .
His bill has an astonishing 317 co-sponsors in the House , three - quarters of the chamber 's members .
In the Senate , where Paul asked Sen. Bernie Sanders , a Vermont socialist , to introduce a similar bill , the measure already has 30 co-sponsors .
And while he was once ignored by his political antagonists at the Federal Reserve , Paul is now engaged in a very public policy debate with Fed Chair Ben Bernanke , who has criticized the Texan 's legislation in speeches , interviews and an op - ed last month in the Washington Post .
Asked about Paul 's proposal , the chairman declared it would be “ bad for markets , bad for the Fed 's credibility , bad for inflation expectations and bad for the dollar . ”
But not bad for Paul .
The lawmaker has been booked solid with media interviews and college speeches ; indeed , the Don Quixote of congressional Republicans has had more success in 2009 than any time in his three - decade legislative career .
“ I never had so many calls as I had last week , ” Paul said .
It 's a sweet moment for someone who has long been on the margins of Washington politics .
Paul attracted his share of attention during his presidential campaign , but even then , he was painted as a fringe candidate zealously supported by libertarian ideologues .
In the House , Paul was ignored by Democrats and marginalized by Republicans .
He was punished for the very views that earn him so much adulation today .
According to Rep. Barney Frank , D - Mass. , in 2003 , when Paul was set to assume the chairmanship of the Financial Services subcommittee , Republican higher - ups eliminated the panel because they did n't want Paul in charge .
“ He told me , ‘ I wo n't get anywhere until you become the chairman , ' ” Frank said .
Paul may have been kidding at the time , but his words were prophetic .
With the Democrats in control and Frank as chairman , the committee voted 43 - 26 in favor of Paul 's amendment that would give Congress more power latitude in auditing the Fed .
“ I'm very proud to have been involved in bringing his amendment to a vote , ” said Frank , who still voted against it .
Going mainstream
In Texas , analysts see Paul 's renaissance as a reflection of the changing political landscape of America .
“ Ron Paul 's got a hell of a lot more political support now than just fringe nuts , ” Murray said .
“ It 's gone mainstream now . ”
But it 's not that Paul has gone mainstream .
Rather , the mainstream has gone Paul-ite , with popular anger at Wall Street and the Federal Reserve crystallizing into support for policies Paul has long advocated .
“ What happened was the Fed got itself in trouble and he's the one who was there to take advantage of it , ” Frank said .
Paul says concerns about American monetary policy — specifically President Richard Nixon taking the country off the gold standard in 1971 — drove him into politics , and he 's spent most of his career wondering whether people would ever care .
The answer , suddenly , is yes , something the congressman admits “ seems strange after all these years . ”
He 's also noticed that his colleagues are treating him differently , too .
“ It was like , there he goes on his way , nice guy , but he 's not in the ballgame , ” Paul said .
“ But today , I think they 're paying a little more attention . ”
meredith.simons@chron.com
Examine the spirits that speak in you .
Become critical .
-- Carl Jung
F or Christmas , my girlfriend bought me The Red Book by Carl Jung .
It 's a gigantic book with spellbinding illustrations and exquisite German calligraphy -- the second part of the book is a lengthy introduction and translation of the work .
I used to read a lot of Jung .
As an adolescent , I went through a Jung phase .
I recall reading the fat white psychoanalytic volumes , The Archetypes and the Collective Unconscious , Symbols of Transformation , Alchemical Studies . . .
What drew me to these scholarly works I could barely understand ?
It was the prolonged stage of my life when I always had a book in front of me , my eyes fixed on the pages , almost obsessively .
And yet , if you were to ask me to explain what I was reading I could n't tell you --
Jung 's scholarly work was elusive enough to capture my imagination .
I could project anything onto the pages -- and I underlined and highlighted furiously .
I communed with these books I hardly understood .
Buddhism was something I experimented with for about five years .
This was the period of my sobriety -- after years of drug abuse .
Disciplined , vegetarian , clean and sober , I exercised profound control over all areas of my life .
I meditated , read spiritual books , and only on occasion wanted my life to be otherwise .
Eventually I grew away from this rigid lifestyle .
Somewhere I faltered .
I stopped going to Zen " sits " .
I went out to bars once in awhile .
Picked up smoking .
New Age spiritualism turned me off .
Not that Jung ever belonged to that movement .
But he practically heralded it , and whenever I would think of Jung , I would think of those New Age bookstores sprouting up everywhere in the city .
So I stopped thinking about him .
At the tail end of another reckless period of my life , I 've returned to Dr. Carl Jung .
Over Christmas , I read The Undiscovered Self .
My father has an entire shelf devoted to Jung .
My impulse was to read as much as I could before plunging into The Red Book , so as to understand it better . . .
The story behind The Red Book is this .
At the time of Jung 's death , an unfinished manuscript entitled " The Red Book " was discovered .
It was stated in his will that all of his published , scholarly work should be made available to the public , but Jung did not take a position one way or the other on " The Red Book . "
This may have been because " The Red Book " did not fit into an easy categorization for one of the founders of psychoanalytic theory -- it was a creative work .
Inspired by Nietzsche 's Thus Spake Zarathustra , Carl Jung set out to write an fictional account of his confrontation with his unconscious .
The book began as a series of notebooks , called " black books , " which were then used to create the final version of " The Red Book " .
I am a lover of pictures .
If you know anything about my online presence , you will know that I post an enormous amount of images on the Escape into Life Tumblr .
Turning the pages of Jung 's Red Book , I sense a similar visual tendency in him -- an obsession with design , color , typography . . . and then the tale itself , which has been described as both archaic and modern , fascinates me .
But I have n't begun reading it yet ;
I 've only thumbed through the German text , a visual treat , a cornucopia of symbols .
Let me return to my experience on Christmas night , reading The Undiscovered Self .
It 's important , I feel , because it cemented my convictions about quitting drugs and alcohol for the last time .
I sensed from before that my obsession with drugs was a chimera , but I had to go through the heavy use one more time .
I had to re-learn what I had forgotten .
I had been tempted by the promise of a carefree life .
It started with a girl and proceeded from there , to smoking cigarettes , to going out to the bars , to taking drugs .
The disciplined life seemed so austere , so dry , and unnecessary .
I wanted something new .
I craved novelty .
But this was not novelty .
This was repetition .
I had been here before -- like a blind rat turning the same corner , entering the same dead end .
My conception of myself never changes .
It is a wonderful script because it is so utterly the same ; I live it over and over and over again .
The Undiscovered Self :
When the fantasies reach a certain level of intensity , they begin to break through into consciousness and create a conflict situation that becomes perceptible to the patient himself , splitting him into two personalities with different characters .
Fantasy does this to me -- it splits me into two different people , each in conflict with the other .
I fantasize about drugs or women , about getting high or having a romantic encounter , and soon I 'm at war with myself .
I 'm at war with the part of me that wants to get high or have sex and the part of me that thinks it 's not such a good idea .
And the fantasy grows .
It grows until it tears me apart , and the next thing I know , I 'm acting out that other person -- the cheater , the liar , the addict .
What does it take to keep the human passions in line ?
It seems I barely manage .
With advertisements everywhere telling me to eat this and buy that , I wonder how modern man is able to have a mind of his own .
We 're pulled out of ourselves constantly .
But I do n't need Hollywood pulling me out of myself when I have a built - in fantasy world doing it for me .
The Undiscovered Self :
This task is so exacting , and its fulfillment so advantageous , that he forgets himself in the process , losing sight of his instinctual nature and putting his own conception of himself in place of his real being .
In this way he slips imperceptibly into a purely conceptual world where the products of his conscious activity progressively replace reality .
How these lines resonate with me !
I 've even chosen the name " Lethe " for my alter ego .
Lethe comes from the River of Forgetfulness in Greek mythology .
I 've been using the name in my fiction for years .
When I read the words , " he forgets himself in the process , " I smile .
Because that 's why I chose the name to represent me .
I forget .
And my forgetfulness is my character , my original sin .
But let 's talk about what Jung says here : " putting his own conception of himself in place of his real being . "
What does it mean ?
It means that our conscious self , or ego -- constituted primarily by its aspirations and inner problems , by its suffering -- is merely an idea of the self , and not the real self .
How do I know this is true ?
Because mostly who I parade in front of my friends is who I think I am - - it 's the elaborate narrative I 've subsumed into my personality .
And if you 're a writer , like me , you 're good at telling stories .
My " conception " is essentially a story I have about myself .
It has a pattern - like quality .
No matter what happens to me in my life , what unusual events befall me , experience is sublimated by my ego or conscious self .
I absorb everything into my conception of myself .
And I live in the ( fake ) knowledge of myself .
But this is only my conscious self , and sadly , it is a fraction of my spiritual person .
When Jung says " the products of his conscious activity progressively replace reality , " he is talking about the negative potential of thoughts .
Each thought that occurs , sometimes with a strong force of emotion , perpetuates the illusion of the conscious self and further separates us from reality .
We lose touch with the immensity of human experience when we live inside the repetitive script of our conscious , thinking selves .
The irony of being human is that we seek to escape our " selves . "
We are drawn to novelty and new experiences , new lovers , new foods , new ideas . . .
The irony is that within the confines of limited ego - consciousness , we are determined to find a way out .
Our escapes , however , only leads us back to our known selves .
So then , what is true novelty ?
What is true unknowingness ?
It is outside my conception of myself .
Outside my conscious ego .
Outside the person who I think I am .
I 'm sick of repeating the same dramas in my life .
Perhaps you too have some of these .
I just wonder if I can trust in something that is unknown .
How do I learn to trust in the unconscious , which by definition , I do not know what it is ?
This is the world of Carl Jung .
The collective unconscious .
Accessed through dreams .
Or meditation .
Or what Jung called " practicing active imagination . "
What will we find on the other side of our conscious selves ?
Who will we discover ?
Life is depressing if you always know what to expect .
The same mood of dissatisfaction , the same loneliness , the same longings , the same annoyances .
But when you realize that there is this whole other way to view yourself , namely through not - knowing who you are instead of through knowing , then life begins to feel like it might be sufferable , or better yet , it might even be fun .
More Essays by the Author
The Undiscovered Self
Joyce and Kaufman sent in this truly fantastic Star Trek Pez LED menorah that they made .
Joyce made it last year to hold candles , and this year Kaufman brought it right into the 24th 21st century by mind - melding modding it with one of our Deluxe LED Menorah kits .
Let ’s give them both double credit for a fantastic job .
Overengineering at its finest , this is .
A major winter storm was moving up the Atlantic Coast on Friday night , with forecasters expecting accumulations of one to two feet of snow in some areas by Saturday night , according to the National Weather Service .
Winter storm warnings were in effect from Tennessee and North Carolina to the southern New England states , and the storm was expected to affect Washington , Baltimore , Philadelphia and other cities .
A blizzard warning was in effect for Long Island .
The National Weather Service said travel conditions in those areas would be “ extremely treacherous ” by Saturday morning .
Here 's one teabagger who came up for air long enough to have his picture taken at a tea party last year :
But that 's not just your typical , nameless , racist teabagger , that 's the face of Dale Robertson , the head of teaparty.org. , and the man who is devoted to " developing strategy to bring the Republic back under the control of ‘ We The People . ’ "
We the people presumably being white -- and probably male .
And this is the perfect place to note Michele Bachmann 's ( R - MN ) most recent pander to the teabaggers :
Well , it ’s embrace the tea party movement with full arms and hold as many open forums as they possibly can to bring people in and listen to them because the leadership right now is truly coming from the tea party movement ... there ’s no question that the heartbeat of the tea party movement would be more in line with the mission state of the Republican party certainly than that of the Democrat party .
So if the Republican Party is wise , they will allow themselves to be re-defined by the tea party movement .
And I hope that that will be the case .
Some might suggest that ship has already sailed .
For more discussion , see Steaming Pile 's diary .
WILMINGTON , N.C. �
The body of an elderly woman remained in her bed for up to eight months even though caretakers paid daily visits to the house and kept it tidy , authorities said Wednesday .
Sheriff 's deputies were investigating the suspicious death of Blanche Matilda Roth after the corpse was found in her suburban home in Wilmington , on the Atlantic coast , on Tuesday following a call to 911 .
New Hanover County Deputy Charles Smith said Roth likely died in May , before her 88th birthday in September .
Her body was found after the 911 caller , whose identity was being withheld by authorities , reported that an elderly woman in the home was unconscious and not breathing .
Smith said caretakers had been going in and out of the house on a quiet cul - de-sac on a daily basis .
He would not specify if the caretakers were family members but said they were not nurses .
At least four other people also lived in the house , a neighbor said .
Failure to report a death is a felony in North Carolina .
Smith said the residence was very well kept .
He said police had n't received any calls requesting welfare checks on Roth .
Officials are awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the cause of death .
" They were quiet and stayed to themselves all the time , " neighbor Ray Taylor , 72 , said of the home 's residents .
Martin Pedersen , another neighbor , said he had no idea Roth had died .
Pedersen , 55 , said four other family members , a married couple and two sons , lived in the house and that a younger son went to school every day .
Pedersen said the family was nice and the news surprised him .
He used to see the elderly woman walking to the mailbox with another family member holding her arm .
" They 'd be laughing and everything else . "
He could n't recall when he last saw her .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Cosworth has announced that its first batch of engines for the 2010 Formula 1 season is now ready for shipping from the company 's headquarters in Northampton .
Cosworth will supply engines to five teams this season , as it returns to grand prix racing following its absence from the sport since 2006 .
Williams , Campos , Lotus , US F1 and Virgin are set to use the engines until the 2012 season inclusive .
" The first batch of CA2010 units is boxed and ready for our customers to press ahead with installation , fire - up and initial testing , " said Mark Gallagher , Cosworth 's general manager .
" We 're looking forward to seeing them all on track next month since there is still a lot of work to do before the season starts .
" After the very busy summer and autumn months when we were putting our program together it has been very rewarding to see the first engines ready for action thanks to the hard work of everyone here at Cosworth and our suppliers . "
Under the microscope : Glowing alien - like flea takes top photography prize
This strange alien - like creature is not a character from a science - fiction blockbuster but actually from far closer to home .
The eerily beautiful image is of a water flea with a radiant green ' crown of thorns ' to protect it from predators .
It took top prize in the 2009 Olympus BioScapes Digital Imaging Competition , the world 's foremost forum for showcasing microscope photos and movies .
Top prize :
The water flea's defensive ' crown of thorns ' is induced in offspring only when the parents sense chemical cues released by their main predators , the tadpole shrimp
Dr Jan Michels , a zoologist at the University of Albrecht , Germany , took the honors for the photograph .
The image reveals not only the exoskeleton , but also interior detail down to the nuclei within its cells , seen as tiny , glowing blue dots .
The stunning and unusual depiction of a whole organism detailing both external and intracellular structures was selected from more than 2000 entries .
Any life science subject is eligible , and entries are judged based on the science they depict , their aesthetics ( beauty and impact of the image ) , and their technical merit .
Sixth prize : Tentacle of a Portuguese Man of War , magnified 30X .
It is notorious for its painful , powerful sting
Eighth prize : Flower of Arabidopsis thaliana ( thale cress ) , a popular model organism in plant biology and genetics using 20X zoom .
This year 's winning images reflect the latest advances in neuroscience and cell biology , including the second prize image by Chung - Ju Rachel Wang of the University of California , Berkeley .
Ms Wang 's image of the nucleus of a corn plant cell shows a colourful ladder - like protein structure , which forms between chromosomes during one type of cell division .
According to Wang , this may be among the first high - resolution 3D images of this complex ever captured with a light microscope .
Third Prize this year went to a movie called " Sexual Attraction in Spyrogyra , " by Dr Jeremy Pickett - Heaps of the University of Melbourne , Australia .
It depicts reproduction in simple algae captured in time - lapse video over two hours .
Other winning images reflect a never - ending fascination with the influence of science in everyday life , including surprising views of fossils , jellyfish , spiders , flowers , mosquitoes and dinosaur bones .
Ninth prize :
The jelly - like embryos of an Atlantic salmon taken by Haruka Fujimaki from Mount Holyoke College , Massachusetts
Fifth prize : A simple form of algae called Penium taken by David Domozych from Skidmore University , New York .
The largest and most complex form of algae is seaweed
Dr Albert Pan of Harvard University captured Seventh Prize with an image that uses the recently developed " Brainbow " imaging technique .
In his image of long , slender nerve fibers covering a zebrafish tail , each cell glows a distinct , random colour , allowing researchers to follow their often - tangled paths .
' These images and movies reflect some of the most exciting research being done around the world and reveal the art that exists in optical microscopy , ' said Osamu Joji , a senior manager at Olympus America Inc .
Second prize ( left ) : Nucleus of a plant cell showing a ladder - like protein structure that forms between pairing chromosomes during cell division needed for reproduction .
Fourth prize ( right ) : Fresh water algae taken with a 100X zoom
' They shed light on the intricacy of our living universe and provide us with a visual record of the science of our era .
' But just as important , they reflect the awesome grace , beauty and mystery of aspects of the natural world that can't be seen with the naked eye .
' There are extraordinary stories being told in science laboratories today , and the BioScapes Competition , with entries representing 62 countries and winners from five continents , allows Olympus to share those images and stories with the world . '
10th prize ( left ) : Research image of motor neuons in Lou Gehrig 's Disease taken from an 83 - year - old patient Seventh prize ( right ) : Long , slender nerve fibres covering the tail of a 3 - day - old larval zebra fish
If excerpts from Lisa Baron ’s upcoming book are anything to go on , it ’s sure to be a scandalous read .
My Burning Bush , Baron ’s memoir of her days as the spokeswoman for Ralph Reed — the former Christian Coalition leader and the man Time called “ The Right Hand of God ” — is being shopped around the New York publishing houses .
And it promises to embarrass more than one figure in America ’s conservative movement .
ADVERTISEMENT
In one excerpt , Baron addresses the claims that Reed was behind a smear campaign against Sen .
John McCain during the 2000 Republican primaries that implied the Arizona senator had had a love - child with a black woman .
“ How would I know ? ” Baron writes , according to the New York Daily News .
“ ” I was too busy giving [ George W. Bush ’s future press secretary ] Ari Fleischer [ oral sex ] in a Greenville hotel room . ”
Whether or not she was joking in that statement , Baron ’s attitude towards Fleischer appears to be making the former Bush White House spokesman less than happy .
“ He declined to be my Facebook friend about a year ago , ” Baron told Politico .
But then , there are already plenty of things making Baron ’s associates in the American conservative movement less than happy .
Several years ago , her columns about sex for Atlanta ’s Sunday Paper became the stuff of scandal .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I was leading a double life — by day , a Christian crusader ; by night , slinging the sexy details of my private life , ” Politico quotes Baron .
She describes herself as “ a drinking , swearing , fornicating , socially moderate , fiscally conservative Jew ” — an unlikely candidate for employment at the Christian Coalition , to say the least .
Reed was named in the criminal case surrounding lobbyist Jack Abramoff , who was convicted of corruption charges after it emerged he had fabricated threats to the continued existence of Native Indian casinos , in order to charge them for lobbying on their behalf .
Reed was alleged to have taken money from Abramoff to lobby against native casinos , and was said to have celebrated when the casinos handed over millions of dollars to Abramoff .
Baron has revealed very little about what her book has to say about the Abramoff scandal , if anything .
For his part , Reed seems to be taking news of his former employee ’s tell - all book in stride .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I ’m all for supporting aspiring authors , ” he told the Daily News .
“ Lisa did a great job for me .
I wish her the best . ”
It is impossible to write about such a book as Best European Fiction 2010
without also writing about America ’s disinterest in such a book .
Neither Zadie Smith nor Aleksandar Hemon could do it — and they ’re the
author of the introduction and the editor of the anthology .
It ’s a well
worn angle by now : the fact that only three percent of literature
published in the U.S. is work of translation , the fact that most of
that work is being published by small independent presses and
university presses .
How else to explain how this anthology came to
being in Champaign , Illinois from a small press named
Dalkey Archive , its very name being an obscure Irish literature
reference .
Rather than from , say , Harcourt Houghton Mifflin , which
produces almost identical anthologies of every other subject in the
world : travel writing , sports writing , short stories , essays , whatever
the hell that McSweeneys one is .
Nonrequired Reading ?
Comic books ,
sure , they ’re all over that .
But literature written in another
language ?
God .
We ’re not running a charity here .
Best European Fiction 2010 edited by Aleksandar Hemon. 448 pages .
Dalkey Archive Press . $ 15.95 .
We should also probably talk about the Nobel .
It ’s our annual dose of international literature , the one time of year there ’s a rush on a writer from Romania or France or Hungary .
Ever since the head of the Nobel literature committee , Horace Engdahl , said that American culture is too “ insular , ” Americans have had issues with the Nobel .
Who am I kidding — we have had issues way before then .
Mr. Nobel made a true statement , but not a profound one .
It presupposes that other cultures are not insular .
Are the Nigerians really that interested in the literature coming out of Denmark ?
The Latvians in Filipino poetry ?
No .
Each culture is primarily interested in its own subject , plus whatever is coming out of America .
With that arithmetic , we are even with everyone else .
We just do n’t have a market larger than our own to aspire to .
We ’ll occasionally look to Britain , mostly as something to simultaneously aspire to and rebel against , sort of like our father — but for the most part , we honestly believe we are making the great contributions to culture .
Before the announcement of every Nobel Prize , some guy on some blog will make a statement identical to the one I read this year : “ Until Philip Roth wins that prize , it ’s a sham . ”
You would think Philip Roth is this obscure genius , his mastery of the written word unheralded .
Man , do people ever want Philip Roth to win the Nobel .
( John Updike ’s death put a sudden end to similar whining on his behalf . )
Does Roth speak across all cultures , get at the heart of what it is to be human , and not just white , upper - middle - class , East Coast , Jewish , and male ?
Either the Nobel Committee has already decided no , or they think he does and they just enjoy watching Americans jump up and down every year .
There are probably literary blogs in Bulgaria , grumbling every year , “ Until XXX wins that prize , it ’s a sham . ”
I am not even going to pretend to know a Bulgarian writer to put in that blank spot , although maybe it ’s Georgi Gospodinov , whose entry in Best European Fiction , “ And All Turned Moon , ” was a damn fine story .
Reading Best European Fiction , I began to wonder if when people think about European literature and decide they probably would n’t be interested in it , they ’re thinking of something like Jean - Philippe Toussaint ’s short story “ Zidane ’s Melancholy . ”
It reads like a stereotype .
Toussaint , a Belgian writer , uses Zidane ’s headbutting of an Italian player in the 2006 World Cup game as the basis for a philosophical discourse on immigration , existentialist grief , and the decline of one ’s powers .
There are multiple references to other famous moments in other famous matches .
So , basically , soccer +
French language +
Sartre = the American not knowing what the fuck to do with the story .
Except for me .
I got the story .
I understood Zidane ’s position on the French football team because I watched that game as it was being played and recognized the references .
Never mind the fact that that particular match was the only soccer game I have ever watched from start to finish , or that I was watching it with a person obsessed with Zidane and he explained everything to me , and that never again have I ever given a shit about soccer .
Despite all of that , there was a satisfaction , a smugness , to reading the story .
Yay me , I am smart and cultured .
I could be European .
Had I been at a public reading of the story , I would have been in danger of turning into that asshole who nods and hmms loudly to alert those around him : “ Attention everyone !
I get the author ’s obscure reference to Ovid ’s Tristia and I understand what makes it both funny and profound .
Please find me either impressive or sexy . ”
In a recent interview about Jane Austen , Fran Lebowitz said that great art is “ not a mirror , it ’s a door . ”
Mediocre art is a mirror , and either you get it or you do n’t , either you relate to it or you do n’t .
Jean - Philippe Toussaint ?
His story is a mirror for a small segment of Europeans and Americans who are obsessed with the World Cup .
And , embarrassingly , me .
But your own country ’s mediocre , mirror - like writing is going to hold more appeal than , say , France ’s .
( The Greats , the doors , the Tolstoys and Kafkas and Flauberts do n’t even enter the conversation of translated literature . )
The signs are the same , you know how to decode the jokes and the metaphors , and you probably do n’t have to Google Image Search plant names to picture the scene in your head .
Of course , it ’s not just your own country that can provide the mirror , if that ’s what you want .
France ’s entry in the book — Christine Montalbetti’s “ Hotel Komaba Eminence ( with Haruki Murakami ) ” — is a little too self - conscious , a little too interested in the nuances of its own reflection .
But those obsessed with Murakami ’s writing might be on familiar territory with Montalbetti .
One should be able to just enjoy the stories of Best European Fiction 2010 without taking any of this into consideration , but the way it ’s set up — its foreignness and the uniqueness — prevent that .
But if one wanted to remove , say , Iceland ’s Steinar Bragi ’s “ The Sky Over Thingvellir ” from its place in this book and publish it in a place where it can stand on its own , you could .
The story of a couple ’s conversation , one in love and the other trying to figure out how to break things off , would survive nicely .
It ’s funny and touching and true without actually being factual .
As in , no one has ever had this conversation .
No one has ever had the presence of mind to defend the philosophical viewpoint that they have built their lives around but is making you repulsive to the other person in quite this way :
Cliches — both yours and the ones even the guys like you find trite : guys who actually enjoy sitting around and spouting off about this shit — do n’t change anything .
People need to understand that .
If the possibilities really were endless , we would n’t all sit around feeling impotent all the time — people could change , learn to cope with their problems , go to a monastery , do asanas , reflect on life , whatever .
I know for a fact that we ca n’t do a thing to reality — all we can hope to do is carve out a small plot of land for ourselves in the formless , gigantic universe around us , pretend that we deserve it , and call it truth or knowledge or good or a ‘ real experience . ’
That ’s obvious !
But at least I see things as existing within some kind of framework , while you just want to blow everything apart , as usual — you just go on making everything meaningless over and over again , and that ’s all you ’ll do as long as you live .
Conflicting worldviews really do break couples up , just maybe not in this specific way .
Bragi , however , found a fresh way of conveying that .
There are other marvels , too .
And there are stories that will make you wonder what the hell is going on in that country , that this is the “ best ” it could find .
Horace Engdahl was at least right with one thing :
The word “ insular ” should be taken as an insult .
None of the images it conjures up — hermetically sealed jars , a hall of mirrors , sterility and inbreeding — could be mistaken for a compliment .
Without the insertion of foreign DNA , evolution is not possible .
That ’s true with life , and that ’s true with art .
American literature could probably use some new genes to mingle with our Philip Roths and Updikes , Hemingways and Fitzgeralds .
There are other traditions , ways of being , landscapes that might suit you better than those with which you have been provided , and how will you know that unless you go wandering ?
• 20 January 2010
After the first post dedicated to street art in Europe , we fly to South America , where we have selected 30 examples of street art & graffiti .
Next stop : North America !
Dopo il 1 °appuntamento dedicato alla street art in Europa , voliamo in Sud America , dove abbiamo selezionato 30 esempi di street art e graffiti .
Prossima tappa : Nord America !
> Europe
> Asia
> North America
Chile
author : Yiza
Paraguay
author : Ripo – Ethos
author : Claudio Ethos
Colombia
authors : Stinkfish – Malk
Brazil
author : Robotinc2501
Brazil – Brasilia
authors : Onio – Various
author : Claudio Ethos
Brazil – San Paulo
author : c215
author : Medo
Brazil – Rio de Janeiro
author : Lelo Pia
author : Blu
author : Tika
Brazil – Londrina
author : Ignoto Semente
Perù – Lima
authors : Faber – Dyaz – Speso
Venezuela – Caracas
author : kriot
Mexico
authors : Zime – Neuzz
author : Eyel
authors : Bue – Seher – Stnk
Argentina
authors : Dan1 – Salta
Argentina – Buenosaires
author : Gualicho
authors : Chu – Eltono
author : Jaz
authors : Ever – Dsr
> Europe
> Asia
> North America
Chile
author : Yiza
Paraguay
authors : Ripo – Ethos
author : Claudio Ethos
Colombia
authors : Stinkfish – Malk
Brazil
author : Robotinc2501
Brazil – Brasilia
authors : Onio – Various
author : Claudio Ethos
Brazil – San Paulo
author : c215
author : Medo
Brazil – Rio de Janeiro
author : Lelo Pia
author : Blu
author : Tika
Brazil – Londrina
author : Ignoto Semente
Perù – Lima
authors : Faber – Dyaz – Speso
Venezuela – Caracas
author : kriot
Mexico
authors : Zime – Neuzz
author : Eyel
authors : Bue – Seher – Stnk
Argentina
authors : Dan1 – Salta
Argentina – Buenosaires
author : Gualicho
authors : Chu – Eltono
author : Jaz
authors : Ever – Dsr
For engineers who measure their gizmos in atom - size dimensions , getting size and shape just right is the key to success .
A few nanometers ( billionths of a meter ) off that right size or a misplaced wrinkle can ruin an exquisitely designed nano " tool . "
Mastering these poorly understood design principles will have big practical payoffs .
For example , food scientist Yuan Yao at Purdue University in West Lafayette , Ind. , has found a way to reshape nanoparticles derived from sweet corn that transforms them into a powerful food preservative .
Meanwhile , chemist Scott Anderson at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City has shown that size directly affects the electrical properties of metal nanoparticles used as catalysts to make certain chemical reactions happen .
" People had speculated this should be happening but no one has ever seen it [ before ] , " he says .
If that sounds like something only a chemist would whoop about , consider this .
Because chemists do n't really know how to design a catalyst , they use expensive metals like gold or platinum that they know from experience will work .
Think of a car 's catalytic converter .
Yet as Dr. Anderson notes , 90 percent of the particles in a gold catalyst are too big to be active .
Only nanoparticles with about 10 atoms each seem to do the work .
" If you could make a catalyst with only the right size particles , you could save 90 percent of the cost or more , " he says .
What chemists really want is to learn to make catalysts from cheaper metals .
Anderson explains that " the way you are going to do that is by tuning their chemical properties , which means tuning the electric properties because the electrons control the chemistry . "
That means finding the nanoparticle size that turns a catalytically inactive metal into a chemical superhero .
And that strong correlation between size and activity is what the research Anderson and his students published last month in Science has demonstrated for the first time .
They did it with expensive palladium .
But they see this as a first step on the path to the ultimate goal of learning how to find the right particle size to turn on the catalytic power of less costly metals .
Given the fact that catalysts contribute 35 percent or more of the world 's gross domestic product , according to the North American Catalysis Society , that would be a very big deal indeed .
Yuan
Yao 's new insight into food preservation could also have a big impact .
Oxidation of oils and other constituents spoils a lot food .
Earlier this month , Yao and his colleagues reported in the Journal of Agriculture and Food Chemistry online how they shaped a nanoparticle into an oxidation shield .
They reshaped the surface of particles of a starchlike substance called phytoglycogen taken from sweet corn .
This made the particles a much better emulsifier than those commonly used to defend against oxygen .
The researchers also found they could get even better protection by filling in the gaps between their reshaped corn particles with even smaller particles of a food - grade additive called polylysine .
Yao 's nanoparticle " shield " slowed down oxidation in sample products .
It doubled shelf life in some cases .
He 's confident enough of this result to predict the process " can be widely used in the food industry . "
Like scientifically sized and shaped garments for humans , carefully tailored nanoparticles can turn ordinary performers into athletes .
Julie Gerberding speaks during an interview with Reuters in Washington , February 1 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Hyungwon Kang
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Dr. Julie Gerberding , former director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , was named president of Merck & Co Inc ’s vaccine division , the company said on Monday .
Gerberding , who led the CDC from 2002 to 2009 , stepped down when President Barack Obama took office .
She had led the agency from one crisis to another , including the investigation into the anthrax attacks that killed five people in 2001 , the H5N1 avian influenza , the global outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome , or SARS , and various outbreaks of food poisoning .
“ As a preeminent authority in public health , infectious diseases and vaccines , Dr. Gerberding is the ideal choice to lead Merck ’s engagement with organizations around the world that share our commitment to the use of vaccines to prevent disease and save lives , ” Merck Chief Executive Officer Richard Clark said in a statement .
“ I am very excited to be joining Merck where I can help to expand access to vaccines around the world , ” added Gerberding , who will head up the company ’s $ 5 billion global vaccine business that includes shots to prevent chickenpox , cervical cancer and pneumonia .
A British news anchor was suddenly invited to Iran to interview President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad this week , just days after his program broadcast an interview with a man who claimed that he had helped to rig Iran ’s June presidential election as a member of Iran ’s Basij militia .
The anchor , Jon Snow of Channel 4 News , explained in a blog post published Wednesday that he had been trying to obtain an interview for months and had been turned down twice before the sudden invitation .
After Mr. Snow was given a half hour with Mr. Ahmadinejad on Wednesday in the Iranian city of Shiraz , Channel 4 News published video and text versions of the entire exchange online .
As Mr. Snow noted on his blog , the interview took place in beautiful surroundings , at “ the gorgeous shrine of the great 14th - century Persian poet Hafeez . ”
On the same day , as my colleague Nazila Fathi reports , opposition Web sites said that Iran ’s security forces prevented a mourning ceremony for a revered cleric in the city of Isfahan , by arresting protesters and using tear gas .
At one point in the conversation , Mr. Ahmadinejad suggested that the repression of dissent in his country was similar to that in the United States and Britain during protests against meetings of the G - 20 in Pittsburgh and London .
When asked about the “ awful scenes of violence on the streets ” of Iran during the crackdown on demonstrators who claimed that his election victory was a fraud , Mr. Ahmadinejad said , “ the American police beat people in Pittsburgh , they arrest people and use batons and tear gas against people . ”
After Mr. Snow raised the subject of the testimony the man who claims to be a Basij defector gave to Channel 4 News last week , Mr. Ahmadinejad first cast doubt on the ability of journalists to verify the man ’s evidence and then added , in another apparent reference to the policing of G - 20 summits , “ You can see the scenes on the streets of London where people are being beaten by British police . ”
Mr. Ahmadinejad also justified the jamming of broadcasts by the BBC into Iran by claiming that the BBC is an “ instrument of British government foreign policy ” and asking Mr. Snow , “ Do you know anywhere in the world where the BBC has acted against the policies of the government ? ” ( Mr. Ahmadinejad , apparently , is not familiar with the BBC ’s confrontation with the government of Tony Blair over the issue of the intelligence that led to the war in Iraq , to choose one example among many . )
Mr. Snow also raised the fact that protests reportedly continued on Wednesday in Najafabad , the hometown of the late Grand Ayatollah Ali Hossein Montazeri , where mourning ceremonies for the reformist cleric have sparked demonstrations .
( This amateur video sent to the BBC on Wednesday purportedly shows a crowd in Najafabad chanting “ We ’re not afraid , we ’re not afraid , ” under the watchful eye of the security forces . )
Throughout the interview Mr. Ahmadinejad constantly dodged questions by changing the subject and expanding on what he says is an unchanging narrative of Iran resisting American and British imperialism .
For example , when Mr. Snow asked Mr. Ahmadinejad about press freedom in Iran , and mentioned the Iranian - Canadian journalist Maziar Bahari ’s account of being tortured in Evin Prison , Mr. Ahmadinejad simply dismissed what he called Mr. Bahari’s “ claims ” before switching the conversation back to more comfortable ground , adding :
People say a lot of things .
Do you think freedom prevails in the U.S. ?
And do you think the media in the U.S. is free ?
In a similar vein , when asked about an article published in The Times of London on Wednesday , which said that members of Osama Bin Laden ’s family are being held in Iran , Mr. Ahmadinejad refused to answer the direct question , “ Is it true or is it false ? ”
Instead he suggested that the Western media fabricates news stories “ to control the world , ” and said , “ wise people would never waste time answering all these things . ”
The study indicates that all of Asia was populated through one migration event
An international scientific effort has revealed the genetics behind Asia 's diversity .
The Human Genome Organisation 's ( HUGO ) Pan -Asian SNP Consortium carried out a study of almost 2,000 people across the continent .
Their findings support the hypothesis that Asia was populated primarily through a single migration event from the south .
The researchers described their findings in the journal Science .
They found genetic similarities between populations throughout Asia and an increase in genetic diversity from northern to southern latitudes .
The team screened genetic samples from 73 Asian populations for more than 50,000 single - nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) .
These are variations in pieces of the DNA code , which can be compared to find out how closely related two individuals are genetically .
This is the first study to give a clear answer to the question on the origin of East Asian populations
Shuhua Xu
Chinese Academy of Sciences
The study found that , as expected , individuals who were from the same region , or who shared a common language also had a great deal in common genetically .
But it also answered a question about the origin of Asia 's population .
It showed that the continent was likely populated primarily through a single migration event from the south .
Previously , there has been some debate about whether Asia was populated in two waves - one to South East Asia , and a later one to central and north - east Asia , or whether only a single migration occurred .
Diversity explained Edison Liu from the Genome Institute of Singapore was a leading member of the consortium .
He explained that the age of a population has a much bigger effect on genetic diversity than the population size .
" It seems likely from our data that they entered South East Asia first - making these populations older [ and therefore more diverse ] , " he said .
" [ It continued ] later and probably more slowly to the north , with diversity being lost along the way in these ' younger ' populations .
" So although the Chinese population is very large , it has less variation than the smaller number of individuals living in South East Asia , because the Chinese expansion occurred very recently , following the development of rice agriculture - within only the last 10,000 years . "
Dr Liu said that it was " good news " that populations throughout Asia are genetically similar .
This knowledge will aid future genetic studies in the continent and help in the design of medicines to treat diseases that Asian populations might be at a higher risk of .
And the discovery of this common genetic heritage , he added , was a " reassuring social message " , that " robbed racism of much biological support " .
This provides another important piece to the jigsaw puzzle of global human diversity
Peter Underhill , Stanford University Shuhua Xu from the Chinese Academy of Sciences , who was a member of the consortium , said that this was " the first comprehensive study of genetic diversity and history of Asian populations " .
" This is the first study to give a clear answer to the question on the origin of East Asian populations , " Dr Xu added .
Vincent Macaulay , a statistical geneticist at the University of Glasgow in the UK told Science magazine that the team had produced " a fabulous data set " .
The evidence for the southern coastal migration route , he said seemed " very strong " .
The consortium involved 90 scientists from 11 countries including China , India , Indonesia , Japan , Korea , Malaysia , Philippines , Singapore , Taiwan , Thailand and the US .
Peter Underhill , a geneticist from Stanford University who was not involved in this study said that it represented an investment of a " tremendous amount of time , work and inter-institution collaboration " .
He told BBC News : " This provides another important piece to the jigsaw puzzle of global human diversity . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Researchers have pinpointed the source of what is probably the worst mass poisoning in history , according to a study published Sunday .
For nearly three decades scientists have struggled to figure out exactly how arsenic was getting into the drinking water of millions of people in rural Bangladesh .
The culprit , says the new study , are tens of thousands of man-made ponds excavated to provide soil for flood protection .
ADVERTISEMENT
An estimated two million people in Bangladesh suffer from arsenic poisoning , and health experts suspect the toxic , metal - like element has caused — and will continue to cause — many deaths as well .
Symptoms include violent stomach pains and vomiting , diarrhoea , convulsions and cramps .
A large dose can kill outright , while chronic ingestion of small doses has been linked to a large range of cancers .
It has long been known that the arsenic comes from water drawn from millions of low - tech “ tube wells ” scattered across the country .
Ironically the wells were dug — often with the help of international aid agencies — to protect villages from unclean and disease - ridden surface water .
Tragically , millions of people continue to knowingly poison themselves for lack of an alternative source of water .
ADVERTISEMENT
Earlier studies succeeded in filling in a few pieces of the deadly puzzle .
They showed that water with the highest concentrations of arsenic is roughly 50 years old , and that the organic carbon which , once metabolised by microbes causes the poison to leach from sediment , does not take long to filter down from the surface .
But the source of both the contaminated water and the organic carbon remained unknown until a team of researchers led by Charles Harvey of MIT in Boston , Massachusetts cracked the secret .
ADVERTISEMENT
Working in the Munshiganj district of Bangladesh , the researchers analysed the flow patterns of surface and underground water in a six square - mile ( 15.5 square - kilometre ) area .
They used natural tracers and a 3 - D computer model to track water from rice fields and ponds , and tested the capacity of organic carbon in both settings to free up arsenic from soil and sediments .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We saw that water with high arsenic content originates from the human - built ponds , and water with lower arsenic content originates from the rice fields , ” said Rebecca Neumann , a co-author and postdoctoral associate at Harvard .
Chemical analysis showed that the organic compound that unleashes the poison first settles on the bottom of the ponds and then slowly seeps into the ground .
The findings , published in Nature Geoscience , “ suggest that the problem could be alleviated by digging deeper drinking water wells below the influence of the ponds , or by locating shallow drinking wells under rice fields , ” Neumann said in a communique .
ADVERTISEMENT
The same team of researchers plan to dig such wells in different region to see whether it leads to improved health for villages .
Scott Fendorf , a professor at Stanford University who studies arsenic content in soils and sediments along the Mekong River in Cambodia , said the new study was clearly a breakthrough .
“ It shows that human modifications are impacting the arsenic content in the groundwater , ” he said in a statement .
“ The ponds … are having a negative impact on the release of arsenic . ”
Annise Parker 's opponent in the Houston mayoral race , Gene Locke , has been accused of bankrolling the PAC that recently sent out a flyer urging voters not to choose Parker because of her association with Houston 's Gay Lesbian Bisexual Transgender Political Caucus , the Houston Chronicle reports .
Above is one portion of the flyer ( Full flyer scans here ) .
The Chronicle reports :
Locke has been
dogged by Parker , her supporters and some uncommitted Democrats for
seeking the endorsement of conservative activist Steven Hotze , who has
a long history of opposing gay candidates and causes .
A mail piece Hotze sent out last week urged voters not to choose Parker
and several others seeking municipal offices because they were
“ endorsed by gay lesbian political action committee , ” a reference to
Houston 's Gay Lesbian Bisexual Transgender Political Caucus .
It labeled others as “ radical liberals ” and supported some candidates based on a record of fiscal conservatism .
According to
financial documents , Hotze 's political action committee received a
$ 20,000 donation about a week before the mail pieces went out from Ned Holmes , finance chairman of Locke 's campaign , and $ 20,000 from James Dannenbaum , who is on Locke 's finance committee .
Hotze 's PAC ,
Conservative Republicans of Harris County , lists $ 56,000 in donations
between Oct. 25 and Dec. 2 . Only two other donors , who contributed a
total of $ 16,000 , are listed .
The Parker camp
also decried a $ 50,000 donation from homebuilder Bob Perry to the
Houston Police Officers Union , which endorsed Locke and sent a mailer
attacking the controller as “ soft on crime . ”
Parker campaign manager Adam Harris said evidence points to coordination .
Parker was the target of an ugly mailer campaign in mid-November as well , which featured an image of her with her longtime partner and asked , " Is this the image Houston wants to portray ? "
A recent poll showed Parker with a slight edge over Locke .
The run -off election is December 10 .
Going to the subway last tuesday was problematic in St. Petersburg because trains got stuck at one station without any chance coming to others in time .
The young buddy sitting on the rails was the cause .
As officially declared this was thought to be a suicide attempt but rational thinkers from the platform started giving him advices that it ’s more effective for him would be to grab the rails with his both hands , then he would easily be approached to his target with the means of high voltage shock causing his suffering heart to go out of scale .
Anyways he caused the subway schedule to be broken bad time so the police emerged and took him away .
via lessenka
New data show that small businesses have battened down the hatches in response to the recession .
From the beginning of this year through Sept. 30 , sales at small businesses ( privately held companies with revenue of $ 10 million or less ) have fallen 3.75 percent , according to figures from Sageworks Inc .
At the same time , net profit at these businesses has risen to 6.5 percent .
How have they accomplished this ?
By cutting their costs .
Overhead , payroll and advertising as a percentage of sales have all declined .
Image
The numbers show that small companies have “ reacted strongly and appropriately ” to survive the downturn , said Drew B .
White , the chief financial officer of Sageworks .
When you are a small business and your survival is at stake , it is hard to take financial and strategic risks , which generally require extra spending .
One name has dominated manga over the last few years – in the west at least – Naoki Urasawa .
Probably best known for his dark mystery series ( and it ’s subsequent anime spin - off ) Monster and Pluto , his recent re-telling of a story arc from Osamu Tezuka ’s Astro Boy , the series that has most recently grabbed not only the attention and awards but also spawned a trilogy of live action movies is the sci-fi and comedy tinged mystery 20th Century Boys .
Despite the ferocious buzz around the comic across manga - fandom , I ’m slightly embarrassed to say that it was only this month I finally managed to sit down and check it out , courtesy of Viz Media dropping me copies of the first two books to review .
And , in all honesty , I can say that despite all the hype I was n’t quite prepared for the impact these two books would have on me .
From the very first page , 20th Century Boys is a thoroughly entertaining read .
There ’s a multitude of reasons for this , but primarily – and I ’m thrilled to say this considering some of the anime and manga I ’ve been sent to review recently – it ’s the story that makes it so engaging .
Starting in the summer of 1969 it tells the tale of a group of young boys who build a hideout they name their secret base , in which they and their friends can get together to share manga , stolen porno mags and listen to rock music .
Influenced by the manga and anime of the time , they daydream about one day being Gatchaman style super - shonen - heroes , thinking up stories where in the future Japan and the rest of the world is threatened by killer robots , diseases and invading aliens , with only the band of friends able to divert the apocalyptic disasters .
Flash forward to the 1990s , and the boys are in their 30s .
Our main protagonist Kenji is running the family convenience store ( or combini ) , his earlier dreams of being a super hero dashed along with his teenage plans to become a rock star , as his main day - to - day concerns are onigiri expiry dates and looking after his missing sister ’s baby son .
He ’s reunited again with his childhood friends when one of the group apparently commits suicide – something that neither Kenji or any of his friends seem convinced of , and a little investigation and some bizarre occurrences combine to bring to light the involvement of a strange new religious cult , and even more shockingly , the revelation that some of the events the boys dreamed up as kids may actually be about to take place .
And that , I ’m afraid , is about as much as I can tell you about the plot .
Anything more would ruin the reading experience , as 20th Century Boys is the kind of densely packed , multi-layered story where the thrill and pleasure for the reader comes from watching it unfold .
Furthermore , it ’s testament to Urasawa ’s undeniable skill as a master storyteller that for every decade jumping flashback , and every minor character that is introduced , the narrative never once feels hard to follow , each piece of the puzzle falling into place in the most exquisite and satisfying of ways .
At times reminiscent of the best of Stephen King ’s coming of age novels as well as the generation spanning conspiracies of Alan Moore ’s Watchmen , the manga manages to combine enough references to Japanese life and culture while never once becoming unapproachable to the uninitiated western reader – making it a perfect entry point for those new to the art - form , or even comics in general .
Again it is the story that is , at all times , paramount here .
As if Urasawa - san ’s skills as a writer were n’t mesmerising enough , then it ’s almost sickening to take on board that he drew 20th Century Boys as well .
Employing a more realistic then normal art - style and a cinematic approach to framing every page is an utter delight to look at .
The character designs , while almost mundane at first - glance in their realism , are in truth one of the manga ’s strongest assets ; watching our hero Kenji transformed from scruffy schoolboy through slacker rocker to down - trodden shop manager is thoroughly convincing , especially perhaps for those of us of a similar age who ’s lifes may not have turned out exactly as our childhood dreams had predicted .
It ’s here perhaps that the secret of 20th Century Boys ’ success truly lies ; Urasawa ’s enviable talents for depicting believable human expression and writing natural - sounding dialogue combine to create a cast of characters so convincing that following the complex and often fantastic plot is never nothing less than a complete joy , and an experience seldom rivaled in any genre or medium .
Based on reading just these first two volumes 20th Century Boys is an unmissable masterpiece that I cannot fail to recommend to anyone , whether a seasoned manga fan or newcomer to the artform , and one that I cannot wait to see through to it ’s conclusion .
Last week , while the world gearing up to ring in a new year , China was quietly reeling from a new pollution scare .
A pipeline operated by the China National Petroleum Corporation ( CNPC ) — the country ’s number one oil producer — ruptured and spilled 40,000 gallons of diesel in the northern part of the country .
The spill occurred in the Wei River , a tributary of the Yellow River–which is the source of fresh water for millions of Chinese .
Over the weekend , workers threw 17 floating dams across the Wei to block the toxic diesel and save the Yellow River .
But scientists discovered diesel traces in a reservoir behind a dam in Sanmenxia , a city about 100 kilometers ( 62 miles ) downstream from the point where the Wei meets the Yellow River , an official in the Henan provincial environmental protection bureau said on Monday [ Wall Street Journal ] .
CNPC claimed the spill was n’t its fault .
The company blamed the spill on a construction company building a project near the underground pipeline that transported diesel from northwestern China ’s Gansu to central Hunan province [ AFP ] .
Chinese government officials have been typically tight - lipped with details , but BBC News reports that officials have warned the people of three counties in the Shaanxi province not to drink river water .
While workers scramble to protect the Yellow River , the 3,400 - mile - long waterway already is in bad shape .
Chinese research last year found that at least one - third of the Yellow River was unfit for even industrial use .
The accident mirrors a 2005 explosion that released 100 tons of toxic benzene into the Songhua river in northeastern China , tainting the water supply for several million residents of the city of Harbin [ TIME ] .
That incident also sparked tensions with Russia , where the Songhua eventually flows .
Image : Wikimedia Commons / André Holdrinet
Brutus the North Pole Wolf
In July the scientists , one from the United States , the other from Canada , put the satellite collar on Brutus , the leader of his wolf pack , on remote Ellesmere Island , only 600 miles from the North Pole .
Their goal - to finally find out what these " North Pole wolves " do in the long , dark days of winter in one of the harshest areas of the world .
" We first encountered 9 - year - old Brutus back in 2003 , " said David Mech , a renowned U.S. Geological Survey ( USGS ) wolf researcher who has been studying the Ellesmere Island wolves for the last 24 years .
That is , he 's followed them during summer , which is pretty much the month of July .
Snow begins falling in August , and except for June , that fleeting month of arctic spring , at most other times it is nearly impossible for people to travel to the island or withstand the cold temperatures .
" This year , we made a huge technological jump from notebook and pens to satellite collars because we wanted to find out what these arctic wolves do in winter in areas when it is dark 24 hours a day and temperatures can fall to - 70 degrees Fahrenheit , " Mech said .
" How far must they travel to obtain enough food to make it to the Arctic spring , which does n't happen until the next June ? "
If the high - tech collars can withstand these temperatures , Mech and his colleague , Canadian researcher Dean Cluff , can sit in total comfort in their offices far to the south and find out via emails from Brutus .
As Mech admits , it 's quite a difference from the harsh and often - sleepless conditions the researchers are used to in the field .
When Mech first visited Ellesmere Island in 1986 , he found that the wolves there were tame because of few to no interactions with people .
Since then , the wolf researcher has taken advantage of this unusual research opportunity to uncover facets of wolf behavior and ecology that can't be learned anywhere else .
This information supplements his other wolf research during the rest of the year in areas like Minnesota and Yellowstone National Park .
Mech 's life work on wolves has been instrumental in unraveling the little - known daily world of wolves .
Ultimately , it has also helped resource managers better understand the complex nature of wolf ecology and management , including the challenging task of managing wolf - livestock interactions .
Brutus is an imposing 90 - pound wolf , who sports a lionish ruff and that new satellite collar around his neck .
Like all arctic wolves , Brutus is mostly white or light in color , and has long , coltish legs superbly suited for his long - distance jaunts and major hunting forays .
And , says Mech , he 's not afraid to keep his pack of at least 12 adults and 6 - 12 pups in line .
Brutus ' collar collects and stores 2 locations per day , obtained via Global Positioning Satellites ( GPS ) .
Every 4 days the collar uploads the data to ARGOS satellites that email Brutus ' location at a particular time and date to the researchers ' computers .
Unlike the VHF radio collar , which is still widely used to locate animals and birds , the GPS collar " listens " to the signal from a constellation of satellites and can calculate , by triangulating its own location , precisely where the animal is .
Since the researchers left Ellesmere , the wolf has " emailed " 145 locations to Mech and Cluff .
So far , Brutus and his pack have covered an area of 740 square miles .
And , said Mech , one day recently , Brutus traveled about 21 miles ( straight - line distance ) in no more than 12 hours .
" He no doubt went around steep Blacktop Mountain , which would have required travel of much more than 21 miles , and all this in 12 hours max , " explained Mech .
" While not unheard of , this long travel is still impressive . "
From their fieldwork , the men also know the pack preys almost exclusively on muskoxen and arctic hares , and that it has an unknown number of growing pups as well .
An early hard winter , said Mech , could mean no hare and muskoxen reproduction next year , which would mean less wolf food in the future .
Recent downloads of satellite data also indicate probable sites of muskox kills .
" With a recent download , I noticed that Brutus - and probably several other pack members - had traveled to the north side of a fiord to an area frequented by muskoxen , about 25 miles north of where the pups are .
Because the locations are precise to within a few yards or meters , next summer we will use hand - held GPS units to check these sites for bones , " Mech said .
Brutus ' recent movement make the researchers also suspect that the wolves have moved this year 's pups to a new rendezvous site near some river flats .
Pups are usually kept at these rendezvous sites until they reach adult size and can travel with the rest of the pack .
In more southern areas , this occurs in about October , but in the arctic , researchers do n't know when that occurs .
" We eagerly await Brutus ' signal to give us that information , " Mech said .
Source : United States Geological Survey ( news : web )
Explore further Wolves may be back in Oregon
Seattle ’s pride in being a vibrant urban metropolis is tainted by the fact that our street food scene is limited to near - rogue efforts threatened by aggressive health department enforcement .
Due to a number of strict regulations imposed in the 1980’s , Seattle ’s street food has been reduced to less than 10 trucks and a battalion of hot dog vendors .
But in the last year , due to consistent pressure from citizens and media outlets , the City of Seattle has finally decided to reform it ’s anachronistic street food system in order to spur economic vitality and pedestrian - friendly streets .
At December ’s Capitol Hill Community Council meeting , Gary Johnson from Seattle ’s Department of Planning and Development , filled us in on some of the specific reforms that City Hall hopes to implement in the coming year .
While it wo n’t make the streets a free - for - all to any entrepreneur with ambitions , it will be a huge step forward in bringing us more in line with our annoyingly cool sister to the South .
Here are the main changes being proposed :
Eliminate required 200 - foot park setback .
This would be dropped as vending has been shown to activate and improve park safety .
This is also means that the failed Wandering Wieners as sole vendor in Cal Anderson park was likely the last of its kind .
Set “ clear path of travel ” standards for carts on sidewalks .
Replace maximum cart dimensions with standards to ensure clear sidewalks for persons with disabilities and easy access to area business .
Create street use permit for mobile trucks .
Currently only trucks serving construction sites are regulated [ outside of private property ] .
This would expand the definition [ of food carts ] to allow SDOT to issue street use permits where mobile tucks propose to operate from the right - of - way , similar to sidewalk cafe or other street use permits .
Set standards for design , litter pickup , and hours of operation .
Allow SDOT to set guidelines for cart dimensions and design , and standards for trash clean up , and hours of operation consistent with area businesses .
Setback from restaurants .
Require food vendors to be 50 ′ from adjacent food service , unless with written permission from the business .
Improve notice requirements for the public and area businesses .
Require public notices of pending applications for mobile food vendors in the right - of - way and require food vending applicant to notify all adjacent businesses in person .
Mobile vending from the street .
Allow SDOT to designate public places ( such as Occidental or Westlake Parks , or on - street locations ) for mobile vending
Although some of these things do n’t sound particularly food cart friendly , I think the most important things are that SDOT could designate specific food vending areas , where any mobile food vendor , push cart of truck , could apply for use .
This is very similar to the street food squares in Portland .
Also freeing up the cart dimensions would allow vendors to have push carts that meet their food handling needs , instead of a standard size that really only works for a few items ( namely hot dogs ) .
During his presentation , Johnson consistently referred to Portland and their success with food vending .
He specifically mentioned an interesting micro-enterprise program in PDX that he hopes to introduce up here .
The program , run by Hacienda , helps immigrant families start mobile food vending services as a way to increase economic stability ( more on that at their website ) .
Johnson was n’t sure on the timeline for changes to actually get implemented but said they are working to have things finalized in the next few months .
If you have any questions or comments about food vending reform , send them to Marshall Foster , Office of Policy and Management , or Gary Johnson , Department of Planning and Development .
Video : Smart CCTV
Keeping an eye out for baddies ( Image : Geoff Moore / Rex Features )
WHAT’S the difference between a suicide bomber and a cleaner ?
It sounds like the opening line of a sick joke , but for computer scientists working on intelligent video - surveillance software , being able to make that distinction is a key goal .
Current CCTV systems can collect masses of data , but little of it is used , says Shaogang Gong , a computer - vision computation researcher at Queen Mary , University of London .
“ What we really need are better ways to mine that data , ” he says .
Gong is leading an international team of researchers …
Dalston Escorts
Serina
Tiffαny
Sky
Elissa
Viki
One of the gems of North East London , Dalston has always offered excitement and entertainment enough to attract newcomers from across the country .
Once a thriving hub of cinema , theatre and music , with the sheer range of activities Dalston offers it ’s a fair bet to say that almost everyone ’s taste will be catered for .
Aside from the various venues , Dalston ’s Ridley Road Market also draws visitors in and really puts Dalston on the map .
Although the area might not have many glamorous shopping centres , the market makes for an interesting and unique shopping experience .
Another attraction that draws so many people to Dalston is its fine range of escorts .
Dalston escorts are all gorgeous and engaging girls , and enjoy nothing better than making sure their clients have a good time .
Many view the escorts Dalston has to offer as the area ’s top attractions , and with good reason .
There is a growing buzz in North East London about the exquisiteness of the escorts in Dalston .
Many visit from outside the city borders just to see if the buzz is true , and they are rarely disappointed .
So whether you are a visitor or a resident , if you have yet to spend the evening in the company of a stunning Dalston escort you have yet to experience all the delights the area has to offer .
Spend the day with an escort Dalston is beginning to become so reputable for , wander around the market , maybe visit the Arcola Theatre or the Rio Cinema in the evening , then let the night unfold of its own accord , because as long as you ’ve got a beautiful woman by your side , you ’re sure to have a memorable time .
The nightlife of Dalston does n’t quite compare to the thriving business of other areas of London , but it can hold its own .
With a good few clubs and bars , Dalston night life will satisfy most people , but in the company of one of our girls , you can guarantee yourself a great night whether you visit the bars and clubs or just stay in getting to know each other more intimately .
TONY JONES , PRESENTER :
Here is some background notes to tonight 's debate .
When Professor Ian Plimer 's outright denial of man-made global warming was championed in the UK Spectator magazine earlier this year after the publication of his book Heaven and Earth in Britain , the magazine 's editor promoted the idea of a great public debate in London between Professor Plimer and the Guardian 's George Monbiot .
Monbiot is a renowned champion of climate science .
In the end , George Monbiot 's key condition for the debate , that Professor Plimer first answer in writing a series of questions about claims in his book was not met , the debate was cancelled .
And tonight , with no preconditions , George Monbiot joins us in Copenhagen and Ian Plimer is here in our Sydney studio .
Thanks to both of you for being there .
IAN PLIMER , AUTHOR AND ACADEMIC : Thankyou .
GEORGE MONBIOT , AUTHOR AND GUARDIAN COLUMNIST : Thankyou .
TONY JONES :
And let 's start with George Monbiot , because you recently wrote , " There 's no point in denying it : we 're losing .
Climate change denial is spreading like a contagious disease . "
Now , coming from you that 's rather a startling conclusion .
How did you reach it ?
GEORGE MONBIOT : Well , the surveys show that large numbers of people have effectively ceased to believe that man-made global warming is taking place , and this is profoundly ironic because at the same time the evidence has hardened up to a startling degree .
And the science of man-made global warming is now as solid as the science linking smoking with lung cancer and HIV with AIDS .
And it seems to me that the harder the science becomes , the more people fall into denial because they simply do n't want to face the writing that 's now on the wall .
TONY JONES :
It 's odd that you should say that because if it 's true that this is what 's happening with the general public , it 's not filtering up to the leaders that are on their way to Copenhagen , evidently .
GEORGE MONBIOT : Yes , I think this is one of the rare instances where governments are continuing to do the right thing , even if in some cases it might be politically costly for them .
Now the reason governments have taken that position is that they have scientific advisors who follow the science very closely , who understand what the science is saying , and are extremely alarmed by the implications and have managed to express that alarm to their leaders .
And the leaders know that if they do n't take serious action on climate change , then we 're going to get into a situation which will be extremely dangerous for many of the world 's people .
TONY JONES : Ian Plimer , let me bring you in .
Now , is that a fair assessment , do you think , that what 's going on is that there is a movement , a shift away from belief in climate change in the general public ?
That it 's not at the leadership level of governments , because scientific advisors are telling their governments this is actually happening ?
IAN PLIMER : I spend a lot of my time in the outbacks with average people , talking to people .
There has been a huge movement , and I do n't think governments are in contact with it .
But what I think is happening is governments just cannot resist the opportunity to tax us more , to set up huge bureaucracies , and this is what Copenhagen 's about .
It 's not about science , it 's not about morality , it 's not about the Third World - it 's about money , and it 's about governments putting their hands in our pockets , taking out our money , and having to go through sets of sticky fingers to end up disappearing somewhere else in the world .
And backing that up is science , which certainly we 've seen from the University of East Anglia , is at best really dodgy .
TONY JONES : George Monbiot , that 's the elephant in the room , is n't it , the leaked emails from the climatic research unit of the University of East Anglia ?
Let 's talk about the impact first that 's actually had on this debate .
Because you 've written - once again , you 've written , " No - one has been as badly let down by the revelations in these emails as those of us who have championed the science . "
GEORGE MONBIOT : Yes .
What those emails show are correspondence which I believe is unscientific , in that they have sought to suppress data , and it has not been released properly to the public , and I think that 's completely contrary to the spirit of science .
Science has to be open and it has to be transparent .
What the emails do not show is that global warming is a hoax and a scam and a con and all the rest of it as people like Ian Plimer suggest .
What they possibly do is to raise a question about one or two out of several hundred lines of evidence that man-made global warming is taking place and raise questions possibly about the integrity of three or four scientists .
But there are tens of thousands of scientists involved in climate change whose evidence stands and has not been affected by this .
And what Ian has been proposing is the standard old conspiracy theory , a conspiracy theory which would have to involve tens of thousands of people if it were to be true , that all the scientists and all the governments are getting together to make up a completely unfounded story about climate change in order to tax us , disregarding the fact , of course , that if governments are serious about this and do pursue it through Copenhagen , they lose vast revenues in terms of the money that they make from the fossil fuel industry .
They have to reshape the global economy in a way that most of them are deeply reluctant to do .
And let me tell you that if this is a great global conspiracy , it 's a hell of an infective one , because these guys can't even make a firm agreement on climate change , let alone pursue it so that they can all extract billions and billions in taxes as Ian Plimer suggests .
TONY JONES : Ian Plimer , do you actually regard this as evidence of a global conspiracy ?
IAN PLIMER : Not at all and I 've never used those words at all .
What we see with these emails are Mafia - type bullying tactics on editors to stop them publishing work which is somewhat different .
We see source codes of computers which are designed to change results , we see this cooking of the evidence , we see conspiracies by using words such as " tricks " - that 's about all we would see .
Now , the scientists involved are a handful of the major scientists who are driving this agenda .
These are the major scientists who are behind the IPCC , and this UN conference in Copenhagen is based on what those major scientists have given as evidence .
We see in those emails that one scientist has got $ 25 million from 55 research grants from frightening us witless .
This is Jones , and the Jones and Wigley record is the reference standard for the IPCC .
Now we have to say that that standard has been contaminated , it has been polluted , that is not a conspiracy .
The emails show that , the reports show that , the source code shows that .
This is the biggest scientific fraud in history .
TONY JONES :
The biggest scientific fraud in history .
IAN PLIMER : ... fraud in history .
TONY JONES : Alright .
Well let me throw that back to George Monbiot .
GEORGE MONBIOT : Yeah .
TONY JONES : George , just hang on for one second .
Let me quote to you , because you 've written about this yourself .
One of the worst emails - this from the head of the unit Phil Jones .
He was just talked about there .
He 's trying to make sure several papers do n't make it into the IPCC report and he says , " Kevin and I will keep them out somehow even if we have to redefine what the peer - reviewed literature is . "
Is there any excuse at all for what he said there ?
GEORGE MONBIOT : I do n't believe there is .
No , I do n't believe there is an excuse for that .
And I condemn in the strongest terms some of the sentiments expressed in those emails .
But to suggest that this is the whole of the IPCC infrastructure we 're talking about , these are all the scientists who count , is simply preposterous .
And I have to say that Ian is a fine one to talk about scientific fraud .
His book is filled with fabrication after fabrication , simple untruths repeated again and again .
And even when people point out to him that he has just made up the facts that he states in his book , he keeps restating them .
Take , for example , his claim that human beings produce more carbon dioxide than volcanoes .
Now , the US geological survey shows that human beings - sorry , he suggests that volcanoes produce more carbon dioxide than human beings .
The US geological survey shows that human beings produce 130 times more carbon dioxide than volcanoes .
And yet again and again , however many times it is pointed out to him , Ian keeps reporting this straightforward fraud , this fabrication that volcanoes produce more CO2 .
TONY JONES : Let 's hear Ian Plimer respond to that .
Do you stand by the claim in your book that volcanoes produce more CO2 than the world 's cars and industries combined ?
IAN PLIMER : Well I 'm very heartened that a journalist is correcting me on my geology .
Now Mr Monbiot wrote to me when I asked him some questions of science and said he was not qualified to answer these questions of science .
So he 's a journalist and he 's asking me a scientific question .
He has not read this book ...
GEORGE MONBIOT : Could you answer the question , please ?
IAN PLIMER : He has not read this book .
GEORGE MONBIOT : Do you stand by your claim or not ?
IAN PLIMER : He has not - it is the height of bad manners to interrupt .
GEORGE MONBIOT : Do you stand by your claim or not ?
IAN PLIMER :
It is the height of bad manners to interrupt .
GEORGE MONBIOT : Could you answer the question .
Could you just answer the question .
TONY JONES : George Monbiot , just hang on .
I will ask the same question of you if I can because I did raise that .
IAN PLIMER :
And in this book I referred to a number of types of volcanoes .
There are two types , and I know you have n't read the book .
He certainly has n't read the book ...
TONY JONES :
It 's not true that I have n't read your book , as I told you last time .
I suspect that George Monbiot has also ...
GEORGE MONBIOT : And I have also read the book .
TONY JONES : But I have actually read your book .
IAN PLIMER : Well , let me make two points on this .
On the chapter called Earth I talk about two volcanoes .
One are the terrestrial volcanoes , which is the USGS reports on emissions of carbon dioxide , but more than 85 per cent of the world 's volcanoes we do not measure , we do not see , these are submarine volcanoes that release carbon dioxide and we deduce from the chemistry of the rocks how much carbon dioxide is released .
TONY JONES : Can I ask you a question about that , if you do n't mind ?
Because one British journalist whom you quoted those exact figures to went back to the US geological survey after you told him about this 85 per cent figure , and asked he them to confirm their claim that actually 130 times the amount of CO2 is produced by man than volcanoes .
The volcanologist Dr Terrance Gerlach confirmed that figure and said furthermore that in their counting they count the undersea volcanoes .
So your response to that .
IAN PLIMER : My response is that there are 220,000 undersea volcanoes that we know about .
There 's 64,000 kilometres of undersea volcanoes which we do ...
GEORGE MONBIOT : Which they have counted .
IAN PLIMER :
It is the height of bad manners to interrupt .
Please restrain yourself .
And we have 64,000 kilometres of volcanoes in submarine environments with massive super volcanoes there .
We do not measure them .
And the figures that I have used are deduced from the chemistry of rocks which erupt on the sea floor .
TONY JONES : OK .
Now , that 's that point dealt with .
George Monbiot , a quick response to that and then we 'll move on to other questions .
GEORGE MONBIOT : Yeah , sure .
I mean , it 's , again , straightforward fabrication .
Ian produces no new evidence to suggest that the USGS figures are wrong .
He keeps citing this statement that they do n't include submarine volcanoes .
It 's been pointed out to him many , many times that the USGS figures do include submarine volcanoes .
And actually , it 's the height of bad manners Professor Plimer to lie on national television about something that you know to be plain wrong .
TONY JONES : OK .
Ian Plimer , let me go to another point , because there are a whole series of questions raised by George Monbiot and put on the public record about your book .
You state that the Hadley Centre in the UK has shown that warming stopped in 1998 .
Where exactly does the Hadley Centre say that ?
IAN PLIMER :
There are four major centres measuring temperature .
You asked me this question before on Lateline .
You should get a different game .
There were four major centres that measure temperature , and these are done from thermometers , and as we know , temperature centres move , they change in altitude , they change in measuring technique , and they 're done from radio sons and their done from satellites .
I can not give you the exact reference here .
I can look it up in this book right now and give it to you in 10 seconds .
But what this book has shown is that if you 've claimed you 've read it , and if Mr Monbiot has claimed he 's read it , why did n't you look at page 481 .
Because in page 481 , I nailed the CRU in the University of East Anglia .
It 's in his backyard .
It 's a few yards from him .
He fawningly accepted everything they said and criticised everything I have said .
Now why did n't he work as a journalist ?
TONY JONES : Just on this very question though .
IAN PLIMER : I will get the reference for you on it , but I will have to chase it up in here .
There are 2,311 references here .
TONY JONES : Indeed , but let 's go back to George Monbiot because he put , I think , 15 or 16 questions about your book on the public record and he sent them to you , so we presumed you 'd seen those questions .
George Monbiot .
GEORGE MONBIOT : Yes , they were very straightforward questions .
All of them were simply asking for evidence of the claims made in your book , or indeed for references for those claims .
You failed repeatedly to answer those questions .
However many times I asked , you made up dog - eat - my - homework excuses until eventually the deadline ran out .
And it was a quite deliberate ploy not to answer these very simply straightforward questions of scientific fact .
And on that question of the temperature record , where you say there 's been no further warming since 1998 , the meteorological office responded directly to that claim that you made and said it was complete nonsense , that all the figures show very clearly that this has been the warmest decade of the entire temperature record going back to 1850 , and that eight out of the 10 warmest years on record have been since 2001 .
And what you have done is to cherrypick that 1998 date because it happens to be the record - ever temperature date and to say temperatures have declined since then .
But were you to take 1997 , or 1999 , or any single year in the entirety of the 20th Century except for 1998 , you would have found that temperatures have risen .
That is an indication of the quality of your argument and the quality , I 'm afraid , of your fabrication .
TONY JONES : Your response , Ian Plimer .
IAN PLIMER : My response is I challenge Mr Monbiot to a debate ; he put some questions to me ; I said that 's highly unusual ; I 'll put questions to you .
I put 13 simple scientific questions to him .
He ducked for cover and said , " I am not qualified to answer questions of science . "
Yet he writes on science .
So I talk now to a journalist and not anyone who 's got any knowledge about science .
Please explain how we had 600 years of the Roman warming , when temperatures were higher than now , and we did n't have higher sea levels and we did n't have industry .
Please explain how we had a medieval warming of 400 years , temperatures were much , much higher , we did n't have industry , we did n't have super - high sea levels , and please explain why the people who you 've supported for so long have actually tried to get rid of that medieval warming , ' cause it 's very inconvenient .
Now , a journalist can answer that ; a scientist he is not .
TONY JONES : OK .
At the present moment we were talking about your claims about it cooling over the last 10 years .
And can I ask you this : do you adjust your position when new information comes to light ?
Because for example , last week we had the World Meteorological Organisation release their annual statement which says the first decade of the 21st Century is likely to be the warmest on record , that 2009 is set to be the fifth warmest year on record .
Are they credible ?
IAN PLIMER : A couple of points .
That is a projection ; we have n't yet finished this year .
The second thing is the Bureau of Meteorology told us in England it was going to be a barbecue summer .
It was not .
They also told us that 2007 was going to be the hottest year on record .
And what both of you journalists omit is that beautiful four letter word : time .
If you look back in time , you can see that over the last 4,500 years , we 've had 75 major temperature changes .
We 've had periods when it 's been much warmer than now .
Please explain that .
TONY JONES :
But could that be - I 'm sorry to put this to you again , as I did in the last interview I did with you , but could that possibly because you repeat time and time again , 16 times in one chapter , that the world has cooled in the last 10 years ?
IAN PLIMER : Well , we 're looking at time over historical times , archaeological and geological times .
You are trying to focus on one year or five years and tell us this is the future of the planet .
I am saying that we get the future from looking at the past .
And what journalists , and Mr Monbiot is a journalist .
He has no scientific qualifications , because he said that to me , he 's written it to me .
What you are trying to do is to ignore the past and to frighten people witless about things which are happening today .
TONY JONES : OK .
Alright .
George Monbiot .
GEORGE MONBIOT : Right , I find this absolutely fascinating .
Professor Plimer is asked a straightforward question : can he still justify his statement that it has cooled this century ?
Instead he goes off on a long rambling disquisition about who asked what to whom , about medieval warming , about warming 4,000 years ago , and he will not answer that question .
And then accuses , as if it 's a terrible thing , us of being journalists .
Well the purpose of journalists is to press people to answer questions .
The purpose of scientists is to be open and transparent and to answer those questions .
And Professor Plimer just ducks and dives and evades and avoids at every opportunity , and he 's doing the same today .
He has n't answered that question that Tony put to him and that I pressed him on about temperatures cooling this century , because he can't because it was yet another fabrication in his book .
And to support that fabrication he's now giving us a whole load of new fabrications about the medieval warming period and the Roman temperature record and temperature records 4,000 years ago , when the science shows unequivocally that it is warmer today than at any of those periods that he mentions .
And the only science which does n't show that is the fabricated science where Plimer has quite deliberately pulled out figures or made them up altogether in his book .
TONY JONES : Ian Plimer , is it reasonable for journalists to ask questions about something which you repeatedly claim in your book and to actually get answers to those questions ?
IAN PLIMER : I would have to check the references in this on the last 10 years .
That I will do .
Mr Monbiot is talking about pressing people .
In his backyard was the CRU .
He fawningly accepted everything they said , and they conned him .
He was so easy to con .
GEORGE MONBIOT : Answer the question , Professor Plimer .
IAN PLIMER :
The second thing is he talks about is two new ...
GEORGE MONBIOT : Answer the question , Professor Plimer .
IAN PLIMER :
It is the height of bad manners to interrupt .
Please allow me to finish .
GEORGE MONBIOT : You are evading the question again .
IAN PLIMER : He raised a new subject , and that was ...
GEORGE MONBIOT : Well please answer the question .
It is the height of bad manners to evade the question .
TONY JONES : George Monbiot , hang on a second .
IAN PLIMER :
It was a new fabrication about the medieval warming .
Now , can Mr Bonbiot ( sic ) show me where that comes from , because we know that wheat , barley and cattle and sheep were on Greenland in places where there 's ice now .
Was Greenland warmer or not ?
Now that is not a new fabrication .
Second thing is , in Roman times , in his country , up near where he lives , they grew grapes .
Is that a fabrication ?
Now he says these are new fabrications .
TONY JONES : OK .
Alright .
I 'm gonna stick to some of the questions that Mr Monbiot 's been asking you .
The issue of measuring temperatures at the heart of this .
Once again , you take issue with Ian Plimer 's claim that satellites and radio sons show there is no global warming .
Tell us why ?
GEORGE MONBIOT : Yes , well this is fascinating , because he for once gives a reference to that claim , so you 're able to go back and check the reference and see if indeed it says what he says it says .
And do you know what , it says precisely the opposite of what he says .
It 's a paper by Charles F. Keller and it said that the recent data from satellite and radio sons , which are weather balloons , the recent data blows away the contention that there has been no further warming .
And what does Plimer do ?
He takes that bit , saying , " No further warming , " and suggests that the paper is claiming that the satellites and radio sons show there 's been no further warming .
Again , turning round the conclusions 180 degrees , straightforward scientific fraud .
TONY JONES : Alright .
We 're nearly out of time , but I 'm gonna have to get you to respond to that .
This is a paper you do quote by Charles Keller .
You stand by your quotation .
IAN PLIMER :
There is a dispute on how you tweak the satellite data .
And that can give you the answer you want .
We know from measuring temperature at thermometer sites that 's totally unreliable as well .
TONY JONES : Can I just ask , do you stand by your selection of the Keller quote ?
IAN PLIMER : Selection : I think that 's a very moralistic word .
I have scanned ...
TONY JONES :
But you 've only taken a part of the overall ...
IAN PLIMER : Which page are we talking about ?
TONY JONES : Yes , it 's page 383 .
GEORGE MONBIOT : You turned it around 180 degrees .
You actually made up - you made up the conclusion to what the paper said .
IAN PLIMER : 383 .
And it 's about the treatment of data .
Well the treatment of the data is very interesting .
For example , we go to any measuring site , and I 've got one here for Mildura showing that there are 11 changes since we started to measure data there .
That 's unreliable .
TONY JONES : OK .
But just a quick question .
GEORGE MONBIOT : Answer the question , Professor Plimer .
TONY JONES : I 'm sorry , we 're nearly out of time , so , I have to just ask you ...
IAN PLIMER :
It 's quite interesting the way that journalists handle science .
If you do n't want to hear the message , you bully people .
GEORGE MONBIOT : You made up what the reference said .
Answer the question .
Answer the question .
IAN PLIMER :
You want to bully people rather than deal with evidence .
TONY JONES : George Monbiot , just hang on .
Sorry .
IAN PLIMER : Now , there is an enormous ...
GEORGE MONBIOT : We are pressing you ... OK ...
IAN PLIMER : For God sake , get some manners young man .
There is an enormous dispute as to how ...
GEORGE MONBIOT : We are pressing you ...
TONY JONES : George Monbiot , hang on a second , please .
IAN PLIMER : ... you measure temperature from satellites , because you have to put a huge number of corrections there .
That is what I question , is one paper that might have one set of corrections and another paper that might have another set of corrections .
And this is the same way temperature is measured .
The same with ground temperatures .
We have ground temperatures that get corrected all the time .
But again , you are looking at the last few years , you 're not looking back in time where every temperature change and every climate change has been more rapid and greater than ever we see today .
GEORGE MONBIOT : You are evading the question .
The question was ...
TONY JONES : George Monbiot , a final point .
Sorry , we 're nearly out of time .
GEORGE MONBIOT : Sure , sure .
A classic example of Professor Plimer evading the question .
The question was : did you reverse the findings of the reference that you cited .
Answer : yes he did .
But will he answer that question ?
The heck he will .
And it is , again , I say , the height of bad manners not to answer the very straightforward question which has been put to you , but you can't answer it because you have made up the facts .
IAN PLIMER : And why does Mr Monbiot use blog sites where the bloggers are paid to smear scientists .
This is DeSmogBlog , which is paid for by the Suzuki Foundation , and those people who donate to Greenpeace and the Suzuki Foundation are putting money in to blog sites to smear scientists , those which he uses as a journalist .
He 's got no scientific knowledge whatsoever .
And as a journalist he uses those to smear people who in a society are coming up with a different view , and my view is based on time , on history .
GEORGE MONBIOT : Again , pure distraction .
You are again evading the question , you are evading the issues .
It 's just a fascinating exercise in evasion and distraction .
Why wo n't Professor Plimer ever answer the straightforward questions that are put to him ?
IAN PLIMER : Well let me give you a straightforward question .
TONY JONES : OK , I 'm sorry .
I 'm gonna have to cut it off there because we could go all night , obviously , and there are many more questions besides .
But we will have to leave the debate there for tonight .
We thank you both for joining us - George Monbiot in Copenhagen , Ian Plimer here in Sydney .
Thank you .
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
From
:
Muslims know what materials are being taught in their mosques and they know many of the materials instruct young Muslims to kill innocent people who do not adhere to Sharia law .
If Muslims do not want a backlash , then I would recommend a ' house cleaning ' .
Stack every Saudi , al Qaeda , Pakistani , Taliban , Hamas , and Muslim Brotherhood piece of material from their mosque and have a bonfire .
Tell the American , Jewish , and Muslim community this hatred will no longer be allowed in their mosques . "
- Dave Gaubatz , author of Muslim Mafia : Inside the Secret Underworld that 's Conspiring to Islamize America ,
All of this might be dismissed as the ranting of a fringe lunatic , but for the fact that Gaubatz 's work has been circulated and endorsed by prominent Republican officials .
From Christian Newswire , Rev. Rusty Lee Thomas , Elijah Ministries , :
Islam is God 's reality check for America .
Can we continue to survive rejecting God and our Christian heritage for a " bowl of humanistic pottage ? "
We are selling our birthright as Americans so we can be just as sophisticated and enlightened as the Socialistic European nations that are in the midst of being conquered by Islam .
Is this the heritage we desire to leave our children and grandchildren ?
I pray not in Jesus ' name !
The website for Elijah ministries is Christofascist beyond belief and complete with flames and military metaphors .
From
:
The American Family Association 's Bryan Fischer :
The problem is that the more devout a Muslim is , the greater a threat he represents to our national security .
And until we have a way of identifying which Muslims are the ones we have to worry about , we just cannot afford to take the chance .
Of course there 's our friend " Rev. " James David Manning ( video below ) who says that President Obama will , in exchange for Osama Bin Laden , turn over Israel to Islam .
You thought that Rev. Jeremiah Wright 's sermons were incendiary .
Manning beats him by a mile .
The jury is still out when it comes to investigating Manning and his intentions : maybe he 's just a bumbling idiot who took advantage of Harlem 's poor schools and huge drop - out rate to hammer hatred and ignorance into its residents .
Here is a prime example of Islamophobia as a result of some preachers ' ignorant rants :
Alexios Marakis , a Greek Orthodox priest visiting the U.S. , got lost in Tampa and tried to stop and ask directions from Marine reservist Jasen D. Bruce .
But instead of offering help , " Bruce struck the priest on the head with a tire iron . "
The reservist believed Marakis , who spoke limited English , was an Arab terrorist .
Bruce chased the priest for three blocks , " and even called 911 to say that an Arabic man tried to rob him . "
Profits driven by the prohibition of drugs and other criminal enterprises have enabled the Zeta cartel to become “ a parallel government , ” according to a Mexican lawmaker quoted in a Sunday report by The Washington Post .
The Zetas , founded by former Mexican military commandos , are a prime player in the theft of over $ 1 billion of Mexico ’s crude oil , according to the report .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Oil theft has been a persistent problem for the state - run Petroleos Mexicanos , or Pemex , but the robbery increased sharply after Calderón launched his war against the cartels shortly after taking office in December 2006 , ” the Post noted .
Oil stolen by Mexican cartels is often smuggled into the U.S. and sold for obscene profits .
Pemex said that it lost over $ 715 million to theft in 2008 and expects to lose over $ 300 million in 2009 .
Eduardo Mendoza Arellano , a Mexican lawmaker charged with energy policies , reportedly claimed the cartel has become so powerful thy could be considered “ a parallel government . ”
“ They practically own vast stretches of the pipelines , from the highway to the very door of the oil companies , ” he said .
Officials told the Post that the cartel works in conjunction with Pemex employees to steal oil , then takes cuts or “ taxes ” from others who rob the pipelines in Zeta territory .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Mexican drug war has claimed over 16,000 lives , the report noted .
Read the full story .
“ Climatologists are pessimistic that political leaders will take any positive action to compensate for the climatic change , or even to allay its effects . ”
With the meeting going on in Copenhagen , one might think that the headline above was from current media .
But , it ’s not .
It ’s actually a quote from an article in Newsweek from April 28 , 1975 .
The topic was climate change but at that time , the concern was global cooling .
The concern then was from aerosols being emitted by humans , as this article partly explains .
In 1974 , articles began appearing , like this one in the New York Times , that say that climate change could threaten global food production .
Another New York Times article from May 21 , 1975 says that the scientific community was concerned about climate change .
It says that many thought that the earth was getting colder and we were heading toward another ice age .
But , in an interesting side note , it also mentioned that some scientists felt like man made pollution would hold off another ice age .
It then goes on to say that just about everyone agrees that global cooling was inevitable and even cited cooling northern hemispheric temperatures since 1950 that had shortened Britain ’s growing season .
“ There seem little doubt that the present period of unusual warmth will eventually give way to a time of colder climate , but there is no consensus with regard to either the magnitude or rapidity of the transition . ”
Again , some might think that is a quote from a recent global warming study that would seem to fit some folk ’s world view .
But , it ’s not .
This quote if from a January 19 , 1975 article in the New York Times .
The Times is quoting a National Academy of Sciences report .
Now , people may jump on the parts of the article that state that says there is the potential for an abrupt end to the warmth of the interglacial period .
But , instead , I would focus attention on another quote from the article which says : “ A far greater understanding of these changes is required than we now possess . ”
While the article talks about the prospects of possible increasing global temperatures due to man ’s activities , it also says that northern hemisphere temperatures rose steadily from the 1880 ’s to the 1940 ’s but then fell consistently from the 1940 ’s to the mid 1970 ’s .
Huh ?
We ’ve been led to believe that temperatures have been steadily increasing all through the 20th century .
The Copenhagen talks have come and gone and nothing much happened .
We are in the middle of a global recession and all of the remedies proposed seem to have one thing in common : Money .
There is the cost of taxes designed to discourage fossil fuel use and encourage the development of “ green ” technology .
There is some sort of “ cap and trade ” effort which does n’t seem to stop carbon emissions but instead shifts money around in a shell game .
And then there was the proposal that rich nations give hundreds of billions of dollars to poor countries .
Some say these proposals are nothing more than a transfer or wealth and no one can tell me who gets the tax money and what it is to be used for .
Also , what assurances are there that the poorer countries that get the money from the rich ones will actually use the funding for what it was intended ?
Ask yourself if you believe a third world government that is given hundreds of billions of dollars will do what they are supposed to do with all that money .
All of this is , of course , framed in the current “ climategate ” scandal in which thousands of emails from a leading climate institute came to light in which the scientists involved appear to be acknowledging cooking the books to make data fit their hypothesis .
Now , apparently Russian scientists confirm that UK scientists manipulated climate data to fit their opinions .
Some people say that all of this new evidence proves that the whole Global Warming scare is all wrong .
But , that is not necessarily true .
Peter Gwynne , who authored the famous Global Cooling article in the April 28 1975 Newsweek issue says that his story was not wrong in the journalistic sense .
He reported accuratetly what was being reported .
What the difference is that scientists in the 1970 ’s were looking at the situation with an open mind .
They suspected that man ’s activities were altering the climate but were unsure of just how it was happening .
They let the facts lead them to reach conclusions .
NASA explains that they use the term Climate Change instead of Global Warming because the latter term is suggestive of a terminal conclusion instead of merely an alteration of the climate .
Have global temperatures risen ?
Yes .
Has the Arctic Ice Cap receded ?
Yes over 20 years but over the past two years , there has been modest ice growth at the North Pole , but most news articles use verbiage to try and obfuscate that fact .
That is the word … obfuscation instead it should be transparency .
The world should take the view of the scientists in the 1970 ’s that more understanding was required .
The truth is , we just do n’t know for sure what is going on .
We have no idea if the proposals at the Copenhagen Summit would change the environment one bit .
We have no idea what the truth is regarding anthropogenic global warming because so many politicians , political world bodies , people who have a monetary stake in the process and countries who stand to gain politically have gotten involved .
Everyone should step aside .
Former Vice - Presidents should leave their private jets in the hanger and let the grown ups do their work .
The UN should look at the question of whether or not , if anthropogenic global warming is a certainty , if there is anything that can or should be done .
Thomas Friedman raised the question in one of his books if they money used to try and re-alter the earth ’s climate could not be better used to fight disease , hunger and poverty .
Global Cooling ?
Yeah …everyone just chill out and allow for a transparent , academic process to move forth that leads to a rational , precise conclusion .
The politicians can remain spectators .
The thing that gets overlooked in the January 1975 New York Times article is the subheadline : “ Scientists Warn Predictions Must Be Made Precise to Avoid Catastrophe . ”
That holds true today and those at Copenhagen should paste that sub-headline to their foreheads .
So , those who act like facists and call anyone who even raises a question a “ global warming denier ” and attacks them with closed ears and no answers , pipe down .
For those who run around saying that global warming is a “ hoax ” recognize that while some methodology may be corrupt , the conclusion may in fact have veracity and the fears well founded .
At the same time , everyone should realize that developing alternative forms of energy is a good thing .
Any time you can create energy in a cleaner , more efficient manner it is nothing but positive provided it can be economically feasible .
If the United States had renewable , home grown energy independence , that would not only potentially be a long term economic benefit , but must certainly an addition to national security .
Weather Bottom Line :
As for the big snow storm…its not going to be a big snow storm for Louisville .
First off , the ground is not cold enough .
The models are still in great disagreement regarding rain or snow though it will in all liklihood start as rain before turning to snow on Saturday .
The GFS keeps on claiming over 2 inches but much of that falls when the layers just above the surface are above freezing .
The NAM continues to have more rain than snow .
It ’s really tough .
Remember , the difference between one and two inches of snow would be .10 ″ of liquid .20 ″ of liquid .
That ’s not much wiggle room .
Guess here is that we have rain that washes away the brine solution put on the roads ( thus wasting taxpayer money again ) and that we get about an inch or so on grassy areas .
This whole pattern is typical of an El Nino year with a low coming out of the Gulf of Mexico and moving up into the Lower 48 .
This can be a good pattern for Ohio Vally Snow if a low moves northeast out of SE Texas .
In this case though , it ’s a low moving through the base of the trof along the Central Gulf Coast and moving up through Georgia and then exploding off the East Coast as it moves north .
The Appalacian mountains may get as much as two feet of snow .
I know that Apple Hill Farm the llamas and Alpacas are prepared , and Knox will love it … but Chi Chi will no doubt cower in fear .
As the low deepens while moving up the coast the cold front that moves through here on Saturday will catch up and there will be plenty of cold air in the Northeast Corridor to allow for the moisture tossed ashore by the low to create quite a snow storm .
Now , its tough for moisture to come all the way from the Atlantic , across the mountains and to the Ohio Valley in much amounts .
But , there is expected to be about a half a foot in eastern Kentucky .
The next system that comes out of the Gulf for Christmas Eve has more promise , but its also possible that we get rain and maybe freezing rain .
Could be a mess …could be a White Christmas or could be just wet .
We ’ll see .
Needless to say , it will not be getting warm anytime soon .
For the tech industry , The Noughties were very nice indeed .
Except when they were n't .
During the first decade of the millennium , it goes without saying that computing has changed in a big way , becoming cheaper , easier to use , more mobile , and - in the words of the Mountain View Chocolate Factory - more " webby . "
But it should also go without saying that the decade included its fair share of spectacular snafus .
In an industry where eyes are focused permanently on the horizon , it 's easy to forget the big moments and trends of even the recent past .
But at The Reg , we do n't forget .
Here , we rounded up the most significant thingamabobs of the decade , including not only the technologies that had the biggest and most unexpected impact , but also the tactical blunders and the stunning missed opportunities that defined a decade that we so enjoy calling The Noughties .
Most disruptive device of the decade : the iPhone
Sure , the iPod came first .
And yes , it changed how we listened to music on the go .
It shook up the previously humdrum world of MP3 digital music players and turned portable music into a must - have .
It became a de facto standard , with more than 70 per cent market share and 225 million devices sold .
But the competitors in the MP3 player market were n't some of the world 's largest software and telco brands .
And they did n't feel threatened enough - or hold big - enough resources - to respond in a meaningful way .
Mighty Microsoft eventually responded with the Zune , but the company has never been as invested in the fight as it was when it came to dislodging market leaders in other markets during the 1990s .
The iPhone 's impact has been far more pronounced - in a far shorter period of time .
In just two years , the iPhone has nabbed 50 per cent of worldwide smartphone usage , according to the latest figures .
A sleek look and feel - combined with that stylus - and keyboard - free touchscreen - has put the iPhone in classrooms , barrooms , and boardrooms .
Such has been the rapid pace of adoption by consumers and men in suits that the world 's largest software company , Microsoft , actually lost market share in the last 12 months and was forced to reassess its mobile roadmap .
This after Redmond had laughed off the iPhone as something ill - suited for serious use and refused to bring touch to Windows Mobile .
Nokia , the world 's largest cell - phone maker , responded by buying up , spinning out and then open - sourcifying the Symbian Consortium in an effort to out - flank the iPhone 's popularity as a development platform ( there are now 100,000 apps in the App Store ) .
Meanwhile , business - class favorite RIM and even Palm finally discovered finger input , and now Google is on the verge of selling its very own Googlephone .
Biggest makeover of the decade : Amazon does EC2
During the last ten years , Amazon transformed itself from a mere etailer that opened the occasional API to a kind of virtual data center where developers can host and run almost anything , becoming the first big name to embrace what the world insists on calling " cloud computing " .
Such was the perceived brilliance of the move - capturing developers and charging them too - that others followed , from software giant Microsoft with Azure to hardware provider Dell and services provider Rackspace .
Such was the lure of the cloud that former web darling Salesforce.com dropped the once trendy Software - as - a - Service moniker it pioneered to reinvent its hosted customer - relationship - management service as a " cloud " platform .
From selling toasters to becoming the envy of tech veterans and giants - whodathunkit ?
Security shock of the decade : worms
Five months into the new decade and the new millennium , Windows PC users quickly learned not to open Outlook emails on the subject of love .
May 2000 saw the global attack of the ILOVEYOU virus , a malicious piece of code called a worm that - when activated - propagated itself by working its way through your address book and emailing itself to everybody you knew .
Some 50 million systems were reported hit .
Worms had been in the wild before the 2000s .
The difference was the timing and the scale .
ILOVEYOU rapidly infected millions of PCs worldwide , hitting everything from home machines to national systems , as virus writers seized on this new - found attack vector in Microsoft 's code .
As the world recovered from ILOVEYOU , Code Red caused denial of services on websites running Microsoft's IIS in July 2001 , which was followed by Code Red II in August and Nimda in September .
Then , over a mere ten minutes in January 2003 , Slammer hit more than 75,000 systems running Microsoft 's SQL Server database and desktop engine , causing buffer overflows in infected systems .
Among those reportedly hit was a nuclear power station .
Having just ushered in the new millennium with the supposedly more - secure - than - ever - before Windows 2000 , Windows XP , Office 2000 , and Internet Explorer 6 , it was a major disaster for Microsoft , especially when outlets such as CNN offered the tip " buy a Mac " as part of its considered security advice in September 2003 .
On the back foot , Microsoft introduced service packs whose focus was to close back doors .
In January 2002 , Bill Gates tried to regain the initiative with his now famous Trustworthy Computing memo .
The memo changed the way Windows is built and coded , ensuring greater security , reliability , and privacy for customers .
The immediate effect was to delay shipment of Windows Server 2003 as Microsoft retrained thousands of its engineers in the principles of writing secure software .
While worms have remained a feature of the decade , we have n't witnessed a return to the scale and the intensity of the problem that marked the opening of The Noughties .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Senate backed a plan on Thursday to make it easier for women to get preventive health screenings such as mammograms as it cast its first votes on a sweeping healthcare overhaul .
A radiologist examines breast X - rays after a cancer prevention medical check - up at the Ambroise Pare hospital in Marseille , southern France , on April 3 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jean - Paul Pelissier
On the fourth day of a sometimes bitter debate , the Senate voted 61 - 39 for an amendment to improve access to women ’s screenings for diseases like cancer and diabetes by eliminating insurance co-pays and deductibles for them .
The move follows last month ’s controversy over federal task force recommendations that women delay regular mammograms for breast cancer and from a doctor ’s group that women delay pap smears for cervical cancer .
“ This amendment makes sure that the insurance companies must cover the basic preventive care that women need at no cost , ” said Democratic Senator Barbara Mikulski , sponsor of the amendment .
On a 58 - 42 vote , Democrats also backed the bill ’s cuts of more than $ 400 billion in the Medicare health program for the elderly .
Republicans said the cuts would mean fewer benefits for seniors , but Democrats said they would eliminate waste and improve the program ’s fiscal health .
The votes broke a two - day Senate stalemate that had stalled progress on the healthcare bill , President Barack Obama ’s top domestic priority .
On Wednesday night , party leaders finally agreed on a timeline for the votes .
Senate Democratic leaders have vowed to pass the bill by the end of December but Republicans want to prolong the debate into the 2010 campaign season in hopes public opposition will grow .
The Senate bill is designed to rein in costs , expand coverage to about 30 million uninsured Americans and halt insurance practices such as denying coverage to those with pre-existing medical conditions .
The House of Representatives passed its version of the overhaul last month .
If the Senate passes a bill , the two versions will have to be reconciled in January and passed again by each chamber before being sent to Obama for his signature .
National polls show opinion is divided on the overhaul .
A Thomson Reuters poll on Thursday found most Americans back a government - run public insurance option in the plan but doubt if the bill will improve their healthcare in the short term .
POLITICAL SKIRMISHES
The first few days of the debate featured heavy political skirmishing designed to appeal to women and the elderly , two big blocs of voters that polls show have concerns about the overhaul .
Republican Senator John McCain , sponsor of the amendment to strip the Medicare cuts out of the bill , attacked the lobbying group for seniors , AARP , for backing the healthcare overhaul and defending the cuts .
“ Cut up your AARP cards and send them back , ” McCain urged members of the group .
The Senate unanimously approved a related Democratic amendment that pledged to ensure any Medicare savings under the healthcare bill would be used to extend the program ’s fiscal solvency .
On healthcare screenings for women , the Democratic amendment repudiated Republican charges the task force recommendations on mammograms were a precursor of the type of healthcare rationing the overhaul would create .
On a 59 - 41 vote , the Senate rejected a related Republican amendment on screenings that would have ensured the task force recommendations could be ignored .
Democrats said it was “ too tepid ” and would not remove cost barriers to the services .
The votes occurred as Democrats searched for compromises on the two toughest issues remaining -- the government - run public insurance option and language barring the use of federal funds for abortions .
Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid faces a difficult task keeping his coalition together on those issues .
Democrats control 60 votes in the 100 - member Senate -- the number needed to overcome Republican hurdles -- but some moderate Democrats have objected to the public option and abortion provisions .
Democratic Senator Ben Nelson plans to offer an amendment featuring the stricter abortion language included in the House version of the bill and says he could oppose the bill if it is defeated .
“ I ’ve always found him to be a reasonable man , ” Reid said when asked about Nelson ’s plans .
Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Lisa Jackson makes announcement on climate during a news conference in Washington , Monday , Dec. 7 , 2009 .
The EPA took a major step Monday toward regulating greenhouses gases , concluding that climate changing pollution threatens the public health and the environment .
( AP Photo / Manuel Balce Ceneta )
( AP ) -- The Environmental Protection Agency took a major step Monday toward regulating greenhouses gases , concluding that climate changing pollution threatens the public health and the environment .
The announcement came as the Obama administration looked to boost its arguments at an international climate conference that the United States is aggressively taking actions to combat global warming , even though Congress has yet to act on climate legislation .
The conference opened Monday in Copenhagen .
The EPA said that the scientific evidence surrounding climate change clearly shows that greenhouse gases " threaten the public health and welfare of the American people " and that the pollutants - mainly carbon dioxide from burning fossil fuels - should be regulated under the Clean Air Act .
" These long - overdue findings cement 2009 's place in history as the year when the United States government began addressing the challenge of greenhouse - gas pollution , " said EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson at news conference .
The action by the EPA , which has been anticipated for months , clearly was timed to add to the momentum toward some sort of agreement on climate change at the Copenhagen conference and try to push Congress to approve climate legislation .
" This is a clear message to Copenhagen of the Obama administration 's commitments to address global climate change , " said Sen. John Kerry , D - Mass. , lead author of a climate bill before the Senate .
" The message to Congress is crystal clear : get moving . "
Under a Supreme Court ruling , the so - called endangerment finding is needed before the EPA can regulate carbon dioxide and five other greenhouse gases released from automobiles , power plants , and factories under the federal Clean Air Act .
The EPA signaled last April that it was inclined to view heat - trapping pollution as a threat to public health and welfare and began to take public comments under a formal rulemaking .
The action marked a reversal from the Bush administration , which had refused before leaving office to issue the finding , despite a conclusion by EPA scientists that it was warranted .
Business groups have strongly argued against tackling global warming through the Clean Air Act , saying it is less flexible and more costly than the cap - and - trade bill being considered before Congress .
On Monday , some of those groups questioned the timing of the EPA 's announcement , calling it political .
" The implications of today 's action by EPA are far - reaching ... individual Americans and consumers and businesses alike will be dramatically affected by this decision , " said Charles T. Drevna , the president of the National Petrochemical & Refiners Association .
Drevna , in a statement , said " it is hardly the time to risk the remainder of the U.S. industrial sector in an attempt to achieve a short - term international public relations victory . "
Any regulations are also likely to spawn lawsuits and lengthy legal fights .
The EPA and the White House have said regulations on greenhouse gases will not be imminent even after an endangerment finding , saying that the administration would prefer that Congress act to limit such pollution through an economy - wide cap on carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases .
Nevertheless , the EPA has begun the early stages of developing permit requirements on carbon dioxide pollution from large emitters such as power plants .
The administration also has said it will set the first - ever greenhouse gas emissions standards for automobiles and raise fuel economy to 35 miles per gallon by 2016 to reduce carbon dioxide emissions .
The EPA 's readiness to tackle climate change is expected to give a boost to U.S. arguments at the climate conference opening in Copenhagen this week , where the United States offer a provisional target to reduce greenhouse gases .
While the House has approved climate legislation that would cut emissions by 17 percent by 2020 and about 80 percent by mid-century , the Senate has yet to take up the measure amid strong Republican opposition and reluctance by some centrist Democrats .
Sen . John Kerry , D - Mass. , lead author of the Senate bill , has argued that if Congress does n't act , the EPA will regulate greenhouse gas emissions .
He has called EPA regulation a " blunt instrument " that would pose a bigger problem for industry than legislation crafted to mitigate some of the costs of shifting away from carbon emitting fossil fuels .
The way was opened for the EPA to use the Clean Air Act to cut climate - changing emissions by the Supreme Court in 2007 , when the court declared that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases are pollutants under the Act .
But the court said the EPA must determine if these pollutants pose a danger to public health and welfare before it can regulate them .
Industry reacts to EPA climate ruling
( AP ) -- Political , costly , and likely to choke off growth .
That 's how the energy industry and companies that use a lot of energy describe the Environmental Protection Agency 's announcement Monday that greenhouse gas emissions are a danger and must be regulated .
Almost all energy and energy intense industries hope that Congress will step in with new climate laws , namely through a cap - and - trade system that limits greenhouse gas emissions while allowing companies to buy or sell emissions credits .
If not , companies say , jobs will be lost , an economic recovery will be hamstrung and everyone will pay more for energy .
Here 's what some are saying about the EPA announcement :
---
U.S. Chamber of Commerce
Chamber President and CEO Thomas J. Donohue said EPA regulations could lead to " a top - down command - and - control regime that will choke off growth by adding new mandates to virtually every major construction and renovation project . "
" The devil will be in the details , " Donohue said .
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce represents 3 million businesses and is dominated by small companies with 100 or fewer employees .
---
National Association of Manufacturers
Keith McCoy , Vice President of Energy and Resources Policy , said an EPA regulation on its own would make energy more expensive and force manufacturers to cut jobs .
" Unemployment is hovering at 10 percent and many manufacturers are struggling to stay in business , " McCoy said .
" It is doubtful that the endangerment finding will achieve its stated goal , but it is certain to come at a huge cost to the economy . "
The National Association of Manufacturers represents about 11,000 companies worldwide .
---
The American Petroleum Institute
The main lobbying group for oil and gas companies called the EPA announcement a political maneuver , burnishing President Obama 's environmental record ahead of the Copenhagen climate summit .
The Clean Air Act was not meant to regulate greenhouse gases , said API President Jack Gerard .
U.S. oil and natural gas companies spent $ 58 billion between 2000 and 2008 on technologies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , Gerard said .
That 's " more than either the federal government or all other U.S. - based private industry combined , " he said .
API represents oil and natural gas companies , which supply more than 60 percent of the nation 's energy .
---
National Petrochemical & Refiners Association
President Charles T. Drevna also attacked the timing of the announcement , saying that the EPA based its decision on " selective science " that fails to account for the impact on the economy .
" It is hardly the time the risk the remainder of the U.S. industrial sector in an attempt to achieve a short - term international public relations victory , " Drevna said in a statement .
NPRA represents nearly all U.S. refiners and petrochemical companies that supply filling stations with gasoline and their products make up everything from diapers to auto parts .
---
Edison Electric Institute
EEI says that Congressional climate legislation could achieve the same results without wreaking economic harm to industries and consumers .
Congressional climate bills include a cap - and - trade system that would allow utilities to ease into the carbon market , buying carbon allowances to help meet emissions targets .
In pending House and Senate bills , " emissions cuts are made where they are the cheapest .
That can't happen under the Clean Air Act , " EEI spokesman Dan Riedinger said .
EEI represents power companies that provide the majority of the electricity generated in the U.S .
---
National Mining Association
The main lobbying group for mining companies has n't stated a preference for EPA regulation or new federal laws that govern carbon emissions .
" There are clearly pitfalls with each approach , but we 've never thought the Clean Air Act was well suited for a sweeping regulatory program that some envision , " association spokesman Luke Popovich said .
Coal mining companies provide the primary energy source for powering America 's electricity grid .
©2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Explore further EPA finds greenhouse gases pose a danger to health
Scientists are reporting that " biochar " -- a material that the Amazonian Indians used to enhance soil fertility centuries ago -- has potential in the modern world to help slow global climate change .
Mass production of biochar could capture and sock away carbon that otherwise would wind up in the atmosphere as carbon dioxide , the main greenhouse gas .
Their report appears in ACS ' Environmental Science & Technology , a bi-weekly journal .
Kelli Roberts and colleagues note that biochar is charcoal produced by heating wood , grass , cornstalks or other organic matter in the absence of oxygen .
The heat drives off gases that can be collected and burned to produce energy .
It leaves behind charcoal rich in carbon .
Amazonian Indians mixed a combination of charcoal and organic matter into the soil to improve soil fertility , a fact that got the scientists interested in studying biochar 's modern potential .
The study involved a " life - cycle analysis " of biochar production , a comprehensive cradle - to - grave look at its potential in fighting global climate change and all the possible consequences of using the material .
It concludes that several biochar production systems have the potential for being an economically viable way of sequestering carbon -- permanently storing it -- while producing renewable energy and enhancing soil fertility .
The cranks in the NZ Climate “ Science ” Coalition have sunk to new lows in a desperate attempt to cash in on the far - right driven furore about the Hadley CRU data theft .
Here ’s an extract from a press release which was doing the rounds of NZ ’s newsrooms this morning :
New Zealand may have its own “ Climategate ” , including manipulation of temperature readings , according to a combined research project undertaken by members of the Climate Conversation Group and the New Zealand Climate Science Coalition .
The researchers claim that temperature readings from seven weather stations throughout New Zealand have been adjusted to show a higher degree of warming than is justified by a study of the original raw data .
The author of the press release and the “ research project ” into NZ ’s long term temperature record is blogger Richard Treadgold , not unknown to readers of Hot Topic .
Unfortunately for him , and for the credibility of any of the members of the NZ Climate “ Science ” Coalition , Treadgold ’s approach to the issue is ignorant , his results meaningless , and he can have no excuse for not knowing he was wrong .
Worse , Treadgold , Dunleavy and the rest of the NZ CSC seem determined to smear NZ ’s best - known and most respected climatologist , Jim Salinger ( who did much of the early work on NZ ’s temperature record ) , based on little more than straightforward lies .
Their press release continues :
“ NIWA ’s official graph ( done originally by Dr Jim Salinger , who features also in the emails leaked from the Climatic Research Unit of the University of East Anglia ) shows considerable warming , which they give as 0.92 °C per century , saying this is consistent with global warming over the 20th century .
But the actual temperature readings taken from the thermometers show an almost flat trend for 150 years .
These figures all come from NIWA .
So , why are they so different from each other ?
Because NIWA has adjusted the earliest temperature readings downwards by up to 1.3 °C , which has the effect of introducing a false warming as the graph then “ climbs ” to the present day .
It ’s a disgrace .
So far , neither Dr Salinger nor NIWA has revealed why they did this , ”  said Mr Treadgold .
The real disgrace is that this analysis has been conducted by a team seemingly hell bent on ignoring the facts , preferring instead to make up their own .
Let ’s check out the NZ CSC / Treadgold “ research project ” [ PDF ] .
They begin by showing a graph of NIWA ’s long term temp record :
They then compare it to a graph based on the uncorrected data series .
Here ’s how they did it :
To get the original New Zealand temperature readings , you register on NIWA ’s web site , download what you want and make your own graph .
We did that , but the result looked nothing like the official graph .
Instead , we were surprised to get this :
Straight away you can see there ’s no slope — either up or down .
The temperatures are remarkably constant way back to the 1850s .
Of course , the temperature still varies from year to year , but the trend stays level — statistically insignificant at 0.06 °C per century since 1850 .
Putting these two graphs side by side , you can see huge differences .
What is going on ?
Have the readings in the official NIWA graph been adjusted ?
It is relatively easy to find out .
We compared raw data for each station ( from NIWA ’s web site ) with the adjusted official data , which we obtained from one of Dr Salinger ’s colleagues .
Requests for this information from Dr Salinger himself over the years , by different scientists , have long gone unanswered , but now we might discover the truth .
What did we find ?
First , the station histories are unremarkable .
There are no reasons for any large corrections .
But we were astonished to find that strong adjustments have indeed been made .
Did you miss it ?
The big lie ?
There are no reasons for any large corrections .
That ’s it , there .
And it ’s a lie because the NZ CSC has known for at least three years why adjustments have been made to certain stations .
Let ’s take Wellington as an example .
Look closely at the Treadgold / NZ CSC graph on p6 of their pdf .
Look at the blue line ( the unadjusted temperatures ) between 1920 and 1940 .
Now look at this graph , prepared by NIWA ’s Brett Mullan back in 2006 , the last time the NZ CSC were agitating about the NZ temperature record :
Pretty similar , eh ?
Big drop in the late ’ 20s .
Now look at Mullan ’s second graph :
Look again at Treadgold ’s graph .
He makes no distinction between the blue and green lines — he just joins them up .
Temps before the mid-20s were recorded at Thorndon , near sea level , but then the recording station moved to Kelburn at 125 m above sea level .
It ’s pretty basic meteorology that temperatures fall as you move above sea level , so the two stations are not directly comparable .
Treadgold affects not to know this …
But there ’s no need to throw out all the old data , you can apply a correction .
Here ’s how NIWA ( and Salinger ) went about it :
Enter the Wellington airport series .
Like Thorndon , the station is very near sea level , and warmer at all times than Kelburn although the “ ups and downs ” of the record are the same .
It ’s a relatively easy matter to work out the difference : 0.79 ºC .
So if you lower both the airport and Thorndon series by that amount , you get :
And it ’s a very good long term record , with a pretty distinct upward tilt .
This sort of correction is commonplace , and not remotely controversial amongst meteorologists and climatologists who are trying to build long term records from disparate data series .
Apart from station moves , changes of thermometer and alterations in the environment around the recording station can all have an affect on temperature data , and are commonly corrected for .
So what was Treadgold saying again ?
The shocking truth is that the oldest readings have been cranked way down and later readings artificially lifted to give a false impression of warming , as documented below .
There is nothing in the station histories to warrant these adjustments and to date Dr Salinger and NIWA have not revealed why they did this .
Nothing in the station histories ?
It ’s all there for anyone who can be bothered to look , or to ask politely .
But Treadgold and the NZ CSC have no excuse , because the NZ CSC were told about this information at least three years ago , the last time they tried to make a fuss about “ adjusted data ” .
In other words , Treadgold and whoever in the NZ CSC helped him with the data are being more than economical with the truth , they are lying through their teeth .
But they keep on digging .
One station , Hokitika , had its early temperatures reduced by a huge 1.3 °C , creating strong warming from a mild cooling , yet there ’s no apparent reason for it .
Yes there is .
Another station move .
We have discovered that the warming in New Zealand over the past 156 years was indeed man-made , but it had nothing to do with emissions of CO2 – it was created by man-made adjustments of the temperature .
It ’s a disgrace .
The real disgrace here is that the NZ CSC and Richard Treadgold have published a piece of incompetent research and are either too ignorant to notice or are deliberately attempting to mislead the press and public .
They have pushed it to the media and the more credulous blogs , and attempted to smear a respected scientist .
This is disgusting behaviour , a sad travesty of the science that Dunleavy , Leyland , McShane , Gray and their “ scientific advisor ” Chris De Freitas so loudly claim to hold dear .
What ’s worse is that De Freitas , at the very least complicit in this arrogantly erroneous document , claims to be a respectable scientist .
It ’s hard to imagine a more blatant academic faux pas …
None of these cranks should be accorded any respect in future .
By their words shall we know them , and their words show them to be ignorant , bullying fools .
De Freitas should withdraw and apologise , or resign from his post at Auckland University , and if Treadgold , Dunleavy , McShane , Leyland , or any other member of the NZ CSC want to partake in public debate on the subject of climate science , they should expect derision to be heaped on them and their views .
[ Update : NIWA ’s official response is here , and their page describing the Wellington corrections here . ]
[ Update 2 : Added date Mullan ’s graphs were first prepared , altered “ at least two years ” to three . ]
[ Update 3 : Paul Gorman reports in The Press . ]
[ Update 4 : NIWA release more info 2/12 . ]
Like this : Like Loading ...
File exchange
Import and export 3D models using 3D file formats like fbx , stl , 3ds , obj , dae , etc. enables sharing of content produced with Cheetah3D .
Use your 3D models in popular game engines or send your artwork to a 3D printing service .
Images and movies created with Cheetah3D can be exported to a wide range of popular image and movie file types ( jpg , tiff , png , mov etc . ) .
The support of the macOS sharing services even allow you to upload your creations straight to various social media sites .
When your doctor writes you a prescription , that ’s just between you , your doctor and maybe your health insurance company -- right ?
Wrong .
As things stand now , the pharmaceutical companies that make those prescription drugs are looking over the doctor ’s shoulder to keep track of how many prescriptions for each drug the physician is writing .
By obtaining data from pharmacies and health insurers , the drug companies learn the prescribing habits of thousands of doctors .
That information has become not just a powerful sales and marketing tool for the pharmaceutical industry but also a source of growing concern among some elected officials , healthcare advocates and legal authorities .
The identity of patients is not disclosed in such data , but knowing in detail what individual doctors are prescribing enables drug makers to fine - tune their messages when sales reps call on doctors .
They can lobby for use of an alternative drug made by their own company , for instance , bolstering the pitch with specially selected research data or free samples .
What worries some government officials and patient advocates is that keying sales tactics to an individual doctor ’s prescribing preferences -- known as data mining -- may distort decision - making and fuel prescribing of new , high - cost drugs .
Legislation limiting or outlawing the practice has been passed in three states , has been considered in at least 20 others in recent years and has even been floated by federal lawmakers .
Many doctors have trouble finding time to examine a plethora of studies and weigh the results carefully , say critics of data mining , making them especially easy targets for drug reps armed with seemingly solid studies .
And , given the rising concern over drug costs , free samples or other inducements could similarly influence decisions for non-medical reasons .
The result , according to critics of the practice , is increased prescribing of the newest and costliest , though not necessarily more effective , drugs .
“ It really interferes with the doctor - patient relationship and leads to more spending on more expensive drugs , ” said Sharon Treat , a member of the Maine House of Representatives and executive director of the National Legislative Assn. on Prescription Drug Prices .
Maine is one of three states that have passed laws restricting use of physicians ’ prescribing information .
Data miners say they ’re actually helping to contain costs and improve quality by quickly providing doctors with information on which treatments work best .
“ These data do n’t make the decision about which drug is used .
The physician does , ” said Randy Frankel , vice president of external affairs for IMS Health Inc. , a leading medical data provider .
“ All these laws do is make the system more inefficient ” by impeding the flow of information .
States weigh in
Mined data have been employed by drug companies for years , but rising costs and complaints from physicians that it violates their privacy have prompted a search for legislative fixes .
The concern over prescription data mining is part of a larger pattern of unease over the aggressiveness of drug companies ’ sales tactics .
Legislation requiring drug makers and other health product providers to disclose gifts , travel , entertainment and other items given to physicians has been folded into both the House and Senate versions of the healthcare overhaul bill .
On the state level , New Hampshire in 2006 and Vermont in 2007 , along with Maine the same year , have passed laws against the use of prescriber data in drug marketing .
Depending on state laws , the bans can also apply to prescribing by nurse practitioners and dentists .
The issue is far from settled even in those states .
A district court overturned Maine ’s ban on the grounds that it violated drug companies ’ 1st Amendment commercial speech rights , and the state is currently appealing that decision .
Data firms , meanwhile , are appealing an adverse ruling in their suit against the Vermont law , and in June , the U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear an appeal of a ruling upholding New Hampshire ’s ban .
A prescriber ’s profile includes his or her identity and specialty and the drugs prescribed .
Such information enables sales reps , also known as “ detailers , ” to know who prescribes competitors ’ drugs and who prescribes large quantities of drugs for particular conditions .
It also allows them to spot so - called early adopters -- physicians who tend to prescribe the newest drugs .
Because drug sales reps know which drugs doctors prescribe , they can precisely tailor their pitches to maximize their chances of persuading them to switch products , said Marcia Hams , director of prescription access and quality for Community Catalyst , a Boston - based advocacy group .
“ What they bring to the doctor will be selective information that will focus on their drug as a better choice , ” said Hams .
“ It really undermines the doctor - patient relationship because the rep is trying to influence the behavior of the physician . ”
There ’s also a patient safety risk , Hams argued , because the newest drugs do n’t have lengthy track records .
The Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America , the main drug industry trade group , has a different take .
In a statement , the group said use of prescriber records helps “ companies properly educate doctors about prescription drugs and their characteristics . . . in a more targeted and expedited manner . ”
A PhRMA spokesman declined to address questions about the role of mined data on consumer drug spending .
Drug companies spent $ 6.5 billion on detailing in 2008 , according to data compiled by the Kaiser Family Foundation .
That does n’t include the value of samples , which had a retail value of $ 15.9 billion in 2004 , the most recent year for which the foundation had data .
FDA , AMA stances
The Food and Drug Administration has periodically issued directives limiting direct - to - consumer ads , and the agency is in the midst of a study on how to regulate medical product advertising on the Internet .
But the FDA has been silent on prescription data mining .
Within the medical community , the AMA ’s involvement in data mining is controversial .
The association collected $ 47.6 million in 2008 by licensing its data , an unspecified portion of which comes from the sale of information from a master database of nearly all physicians in the U.S. to IMS and other data miners .
The file contains the names of more than 800,000 physicians , including about 250,000 AMA members .
AMA spokesman Dr. Jeremy Lazarus defended drug data mining as a source of educational information for physicians .
He said it ’s unfair to single out prescriber profiling as a prime culprit in increased drug spending because physicians receive information about drugs from a variety of sources .
“ There ’s advertising on TV , there ’s written stuff in the mail , there ’s peer - reviewed journals , there are conferences , ” said Lazarus , a Denver psychiatrist and speaker of the AMA ’s House of Delegates .
“ As far as I know , in and of itself , [ prescriber profiling ] is not a major cost driver . ”
If physicians do n’t want their prescribing information used by drug detailers , they can opt out by filling out a form on the AMA website , Lazarus said .
To date , just under 24,000 doctors have done so , an AMA spokesman said .
The opt - out process is cumbersome and puts the burden on physicians , said Dr. Michael Mendoza , an assistant professor of family medicine at the University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry .
“ It should be an opt - in process , ” said Mendoza .
“ I should n’t have my prescribing data used in this way . ”
azajac@latimes.com
Within a decade scientists could be able to detect the merger of tens of pairs of black holes every year , according to a team of astronomers at the University of Bonn 's Argelander - Institut fuer Astronomie , who publish their findings in a paper in Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society .
By modelling the behaviour of stars in clusters , the Bonn team finds that they are ideal environments for black holes to coalesce .
These merger events produce ripples in time and space ( gravitational waves ) that could be detected by instruments from as early as 2015 .
Clusters of stars are found throughout our own and other galaxies and most stars are thought to have formed in them .
The smallest looser ' open clusters ' have only a few stellar members , whilst the largest tightly bound ' globular clusters ' have as many as several million stars .
The highest mass stars in clusters use up their hydrogen fuel relatively quickly ( in just a few million years ) .
The cores of these stars collapse , leading to a violent supernova explosion where the outer layers of the star are expelled into space .
The explosion leaves behind a stellar remnant with gravitational field so strong that not even light can escape -- a black hole .
When stars are as close together as they are in clusters , then although still rare events , the likelihood of collisions and mergers between stars of all types , including black holes , is much higher .
The black holes sink to the centre of the cluster , where a core that is completely made of up of black holes forms .
In the core , the black holes experience a range of interactions , sometimes forming binary pairs and sometimes being ejected from the cluster completely .
Now Dr Sambaran Banerjee , Alexander von Humboldt postdoctoral fellow , has worked with his University of Bonn colleagues Dr Holger Baumgardt and Professor Pavel Kroupa to develop the first self - consistent simulation of the movement of black holes in star clusters .
The scientists assembled their own star clusters on a high - performance supercomputer , and then calculated how they would evolve by tracing the motion of each and every star and black hole within them .
According to a key prediction of Einstein 's General Theory of Relativity , black hole binaries stir the space - time around them , generating waves that propagate away like ripples on the surface of a lake .
These waves of curvature in space - time are known as gravitational waves and will temporarily distort any object they pass through .
But to date no - one has succeeded in detecting them .
In the cores of stars clusters , black hole binaries are sufficiently tightly bound to be significant sources of gravitational waves .
If the black holes in a binary system merge , then an even stronger pulse of gravitational waves radiates away from the system .
Based on the new results , the next generation of gravitational wave observatories like the Advanced Laser Interferometer Gravitational - wave Observatory ( Advanced LIGO ) could detect tens of these events each year , out to a distance of almost 5000 million light years ( for comparison the well known Andromeda Galaxy is just 2.5 million light years away ) .
Advanced LIGO will be up and running by 2015 and if the Bonn team are right , from then on we can look forward to a new era of gravitational wave astronomy .
Sambaran comments , " Physicists have looked for gravitational waves for more than half a century .
But up to now they have proved elusive .
If we are right then not only will gravitational waves be found so that General Relativity passes a key test but astronomers will soon have a completely new way to study the Universe .
It seems fitting that almost exactly 100 years after Einstein published his theory , scientists should be able to use this exotic phenomenon to watch some of the most exotic events in the cosmos . "
Barack Obama is to set an ambitious timetable for the withdrawal of US forces from Afghanistan , with the first troops pulling out by July 2011 .
The announcement is aimed at countering US public fears that the country is being sucked into a Vietnam - style morass .
Reflecting the increased sense of urgency , Obama is to speed deployment of an extra 30,000 American troops to Afghanistan within the next six months – a much faster timetable than the 12 to 18 months that had been briefed by US officials up until today .
The 30,000 figure is lower than requested by the US commander in Afghanistan , General Stanley McChrystal , but the Obama administration is hoping that other Nato countries will make up the difference .
A senior administration official said the Nato secretary general , Anders Fogh Rasmussen , will announce the deployment of extra troops on Friday .
The additional US forces are intended to counter Taliban expansion and help the Afghan army and police take over responsibility for security faster .
The White House press secretary , Robert Gibbs , spoke today of " an accelerated timetable " .
During a round of television interviews he said the faster the US forces move in , the faster they will move out .
" We can't be there forever , " he said .
Obama was looking for an " end game " and wanted to " get in there quickly " and transfer responsibility for security to the Afghan military as rapidly as possible , Gibbs said .
An administration official said the US aimed to begin winding down troop numbers in July 2011 .
Gibbs indicated that there would be no further escalations beyond the one Obama approved on Sunday .
Asked on Good Morning America if this would be the last order for extra troops , he said : " The president sure believes so . "
US officials said Obama wants almost all the US troops out before the end of his first term in office in January 2013 , leaving behind a small contingency force .
Gibbs said the president did not want to leave the problem to his successor .
The new strategy comes at the end of three months of intensive debate in Washington over the future of Afghanistan , an issue that has swamped the rest of Obama 's agenda .
The president , in the biggest decision of his term so far , had to choose between options ranging from sending only a few thousand more troops to the 40,000 requested by McChrystal .
The president was set to expand on the thinking behind the new strategy in a speech last night at the US military academy at West Point , New York state .
The risk for Obama is that the extra 30,000 troops may not be enough to counter an increasingly confident Taliban and that the timetable for training the Afghan army and police is over - optimistic .
Two brigades , one from the US marines and one from the army , plus reserves , amounting to 30,000 , are to be sent to Afghanistan over the next six months , bringing American troops in the country to 100,000 .
They are to be based in the south and east , where US and British forces are under pressure and badly in need of reinforcements .
The first of the marines are due to arrive before Christmas .
Britain has already committed to sending more troops .
Extra troops for Afghanistan will be on the agenda at a Nato meeting scheduled for next week .
There are 95,000 Afghan troops at present and the US wants that number up to 134,000 by October 2010 , three years earlier than originally envisaged , and then to 240,000 by 2013 .
There are about 92,000 Afghan police and the US target is 160,000 by 2013 .
There is scepticism about whether the Afghan army and police can be trained up that quickly to take over .
At present , the Afghan army has a loss rate of about 25 % of its members trained by US and its Nato allies , the bulk of whom just walk away .
Obama , who has already set a timetable for withdrawal of a sizeable chunk of US forces from Iraq by 2011 , is keen to shed the label of " war president " and increase his chances of re-election to a second term .
Public opinion in the US is steadily turning against the Afghanistan war in the face of mounting American casualties and lack of faith in Hamid Karzai 's government .
Obama spoke to Karzai for an hour late on Monday night to brief him about the new strategy that will include " benchmarks " for the Afghan government not only to train more members of the Afghan army and police but also to take steps to tackle government corruption .
Obama 's speech is to be followed by appearances at Congress by the secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , the defence secretary , Robert Gates , and the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , Admiral Michael Mullen .
A court in Pakistan 's most liberal city has ordered two men to have their noses and ears chopped off as punishment for inflicting similar injuries on a woman they abducted , an official says .
An anti-terrorism court headed by judge Khalid Naveed Dar handed down the ruling in the eastern city of Lahore on Monday , sentencing the two men to life in prison and fining them each 700,000 rupees ( about $ A9,400 ) .
" The court ordered that the nose and ears of Sher Mohammad and Ammanat Ali be chopped off as part of an Islamic punishment of a nose for a nose and ears for ears , " court official Azhar Ameen told AFP on Tuesday .
The men were found guilty of kidnapping a woman who had refused to marry one of them , then hacking off her nose and ears .
Pakistani courts have handed down similar punishments in the past but none were actually enacted and they are frequently revoked on appeal .
Pakistan struggles with religious conservatism .
Since July 2007 , Islamist militants have waged a campaign of bomb attacks killing more than 2,700 people to avenge the government 's alliance in the US - led war on al - Qaeda .
Two Canadian universities — Dalhousie University in Halifax and the University of Toronto — have been named to The Scientist magazine 's 10 best places to work in academia outside of the U.S .
Dalhousie placed fifth on the list , while U of T squeaked in at 10th .
Dalhousie was praised for its research faculties and proximity to several hospitals in Halifax , as well as its friendly nature .
The results were based on a web survey conducted in the spring of 2009 of the magazine 's readers who identified themselves as scientists .
The survey asked questions on job satisfaction , pay , research resources and relationships with their peers and management .
The Scientist has a worldwide circulation of 75,000 subscribers , and has surveyed its readers on their work for seven years now .
Topping the list of best international academic institutions for scientists to work for were the Max Planck Institute of Molecular Cell Biology and Genetics in Dresden , Germany , The Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot , Israel , the University of Bristol , U.K. , and the University of Groningen in The Netherlands .
Princeton University held the top spot among U.S. institutions , followed by the University of California , San Fransisco , Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York and the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center .
The survey ranked 94 American institutions and 25 from outside of the U.S .
RDS.ca
Les rumeurs s'étaient intensifiées au cours des derniers jours et la nouvelle a finalement été confirmée .
Roberto Luongo terminera sa carrière avec les Canucks de Vancouver ayant accepté une prolongation de contrat de 12 ans .
Après lui avoir confié le rôle de capitaine en septembre 2008 , les Canucks ont démontré une fois de plus que Luongo était le joueur par excellence de l'équipe .
Cette fois , les Canucks lui ont consenti une prolongation de contrat évaluée à 63 millions de dollars .
« Les meilleures années de ma carrière seront dans les cinq ou six prochaines saisons alors je serai rémunéré davantage et mon salaire diminuera par la suite » , explique - t- il .
« La seule chose que je souhaite c'est de remporter une coupe Stanley et les Canucks m'ont prouvé au cours des dernières années qu'ils veulent gagner !
C'est une équipe qui n'hésitera pas à acquérir des joueurs et ça demeure la seule chose qui compte pour moi » , ajoute Luongo .
Afin de faciliter les négociations , le directeur général Mike Gillis est même venu rencontrer Luongo à Montréal .
Un geste apprécié par le gardien de 30 ans .
« Selon moi , c'est important puisque les négociations s'effectuent toujours plus facilement en personne .
C'était un gros geste de leur part de venir ici » , spécifie celui qui a été repêché par les Islanders de New York en 1997 .
« Roberto est le meneur de notre équipe » , a commenté Gillis .
« Il est au sommet de son jeu et il a un énorme désir de mener les Canucks aux grands honneurs .
Son leadership , son sens de la compétition , son caractère s'avèrent ce que notre équipe représentera au cours des prochaines années » .
Il restait encore une année au contrat de Luongo , mais ce dernier ne voulait pas se présenter au camp d'entraînement sans une entente à long terme .
Le gardien québécois ne voulait pas vivre l'enfer vécu par les frères Sedin l'année dernière .
« J'ai vu ce qu'ils ont vécu avec les discussions dans les médias et je ne voulais pas vivre une telle distraction .
Les médias sont déjà exigeants et je ne voulais pas ê tre dérangé par une telle situation parce que c'est un métier quand même difficile à accomplir » , justifie l'ancien des Panthers de la Floride .
Luongo a donc refusé de tester le marché des joueurs autonomes l'été prochain pour accepter un lucratif contrat avec les Canucks .
Il est conscient de la pression qui est rattachée .
« La pression vient de moi-même pour performer à tous les soirs .
Le montant de mon contrat ne change rien pour moi .
Mon but sera de remporter une coupe pour les Canucks , voilà d'où viendra la pression » , commente - t - il .
Luongo sera lié aux Canucks jusqu 'en 2022 et il sera alors âgé de 43 ans et il compte encore jouer dans la LNH à cet âge .
Détails de l'entente
Contrat 12 ans
2010 - 2011 : 10 millions
2011 -2012 : 6.716 millions
2012-2018 : 6.714 millions
2018-2019 : 3.382 millions
2019 -2020 : 1.618 million
2020 -2021 1 million
2021-2022 1 million
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
December 1 , 2009
CRU director Phil Jones .
CRU ’s Phil Jones will step down from his position as director of the unit that cooked climate change data to hide global cooling .
Britain ’s East Anglia University says Jones will relinquish his position until the completion of an independent review .
The CRU scandal emerged after anonymous persons gained access to 160 MB of emails and source code .
It is uncertain if the evidence implicating Jones and the CRU came from hackers or whistle - blowers .
Lord Monckton , the third Viscount Monckton of Brenchley and adviser to Margaret Thatcher ’s policy unit in the 1980s , went on the Alex Jones Show last week and called from criminal prosecution of Jones and his crew of climate change fraudsters .
In a blog entry posted prior to talking with Alex Jones , Monckton noted how Phil Jones and his co-conspirators “ have refused , for years and years and years , to reveal their data and their computer program listings . ”
Phil Jones and the CRU have stonewalled FOIA requests demanding access to the data .
It is alleged he destroyed evidence in an effort to cover - up the fraud .
On Sunday , the Times Online reported that scientists at the University of East Anglia admitted throwing away much of the raw temperature data on which their predictions of global warming are based .
The CRU was forced to reveal the loss following requests for the data under Freedom of Information legislation .
On Saturday , the University of East Anglia said that 95 % of the CRU climate data set concerning land surface temperatures has been made available to the public for “ several years ” and that all data will be released as soon as they are clear of non-publication agreements .
Phil Jones told the science journal Nature that he was working to make the data publicly available with the agreement of its owners but this was expected to take some months .
[ efoods ]
He has called the charges that the emails and source code involve any “ untoward ” activity “ ludicrous . ”
Monckton and others dispute the usefulness of this data .
“ As a revealing 15,000 - line document from the computer division at the Climate Research Unit shows , the programs and data are a hopeless , tangled mess .
In effect , the global temperature trends have simply been made up . ”
Sen . James Inhofe of Oklahoma has called for an investigation of the CRU and the U.N. ’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) .
According to Inhofe , the IPCC “ cooked the science to make this thing look as if the science was settled , when all the time of course we knew it was not . ”
Alex Jones and Monckton addressed the climate change fraud and talked about how it will be used to create a global carbon taxing scheme and world government .
Lord Monckton talks with Alex Jones , November 26 , 2009 :
Further Research
Climategate : CRU Source Code Confirms AGW Fraud From Hacked Documents
CRU Commented Source Code Tells Story
Search the CRU Climate Fraud Emails by Keyword
BBC Climate Correspondent Was Forwarded CRU Emails Five Weeks Before They Were Made Public
Inhofe to call for hearing into CRU , U.N. climate change research
Alex Runs Down Man-made Climate Change Hoax Exposed in CRU Emails
Dr. Tim Ball
On the Significance of the CRU Hacked Documents
Climategate Exposes the Alarmist Machine
Lord Monckton : Prosecute the Climate Change Criminals
ClimateGate For Dummies
Climategate : the final nail in the coffin of ‘ Anthropogenic Global Warming ’ ?
Climate change : this is the worst scientific scandal of our generation
Climate Alarmists Finally Admit The Debate Is Not Over
Global Warming Meltdown : Climategate !
Climatic Research Unit Hacked E Mails & Data
Obama ’s Science Czar John Holdren involved in unwinding “ Climategate ” scandal
Climategate Mashup
A Message to the Environmental Movement : Your Movement Has Been Hijacked
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
It 's weird coming home for the holidays .
When I am around people I have n't seen in years , I behave the way I was back then .
And so do they .
I 'm not sure why I do it .
Maybe it 's easier to just fall into old habits then take the risk that you might not like the new versions of each other ?
Or maybe it 's just easier to not make the effort .
I 've grown and changed a lot in the past few years , but when I 'm back in Halifax , it 's hard not to act like the old me , and it 's unnerving as fuck .
So I come home less and less often .
I like the new Joey more .
I look better naked now , for instance .
I do n't know how that happened .
Maybe nobody looks good naked until they leave their home town .
Or anyway maybe it's hard to believe you look good naked until you get away .
Maybe it gets easier to believe once you go somewhere new and you get to be who you are , instead of who you had to be in order to get by where you were .
Are you new here ?
See how this started !
more cohitre ?
Archive / RSS
LIAM CLANCY : LIAM CLANCY , who has died aged 74 , was the last surviving member of the Clancy Brothers and Tommy Makem , the band which revitalised Irish traditional music by blending showbusiness with the folk tradition .
The group , described by Gay Byrne as the “ most famous four Irishmen in the world ” , recorded 55 albums which sold in their millions around the world .
Liam Clancy later played in other formations before enjoying a successful solo career .
Bob Dylan said : “ I never heard a singer as good as him ever .
He was just the best ballad singer I ever heard in my life , still is probably . ”
Born in Carrick - on - Suir in 1935 , he was one of the 11 children of Robert Joseph Clancy and Joanna McGrath .
He was educated by the Christian Brothers .
Working in the insurance business in Dublin , he attended night classes at the National College of Art .
He also enrolled in Brendan Smith ’s acting school , and had a small part in a production of The Playboy of the Western Worldwhich starred Siobhán McKenna and Cyril Cusack .
At home in Carrick - on - Suir he met Diane Hamilton Guggenheim , who visited the town to record his mother ’s singing .
By now unemployed , he accompanied Hamilton on her travels through Ireland .
It was in 1955 , when Hamilton visited Keady , that Clancy first met Tommy Makem son of the renowned singer Sarah Makem .
Clancy decided to try his luck as an actor in New York .
His adventure began in Greenwich Village , where he stayed with his brother Paddy and his wife .
A small part in a stage production of The Countess Cathleenwas followed by minor roles in short films and television dramas .
He began to frequent the White Horse Tavern in the Village , where Dylan Thomas famously had his last drink .
There he rubbed shoulders with jazz and folk musicians , writers and aspiring actors like himself .
But it was difficult to make a living as an actor , and singing took over .
Clancy was reunited with Makem in New York .
Along with Makem , and his brothers Pat and Tom , in 1959 he recorded The Rising of the Moon , an album of republican ballads .
Now performing as a group , they built up a following through live performances in Boston , Chicago and New York .
A 16 - minute appearance on The Ed Sullivan Showon St Patrick ’s Day in 1961 brought them to national attention and they were signed to Columbia Records .
Under the shrewd management of Marty Erlichman and Lenny Rosenfeld , the Clancys went from strength to strength .
Dressed in Aran sweaters and belting out songs with great gusto , they broke from the standard Irish - American repertoire , and introduced songs like Jug of Punch , Shoals of Herringand Leaving of Liverpoolto young folk audiences .
They brought a new consciousness to Irish music and , in Clancy ’s words , made it “ respectable again for so - called respectable people to sing working - class songs ” .
In 1973 he left the group to pursue a solo career .
He moved to Calgary , Alberta , where he became an established television performer .
In 1974 Clancy and Makem were booked to perform separately in Cleveland , Ohio .
Persuaded to do one set together , they soon afterwards became Makem and Clancy , recording touring as a duo until 1988 .
They made Eric Bogle ’s song And the Band played Waltzing Matildatheir own .
In the mid-1980s they teamed up with the other Clancys for a reunion tour .
It was a mixed blessing for Clancy .
“ One of the great things I discovered about working solo , ” he said in April 2007 , “ is that all my life I ’d worked with other people , and I was looking over my shoulder .
There had to be a certain amount of approval .
There was always a pecking order , especially when you ’re working with family .
But they all died off , and I got to the top of the pecking order , with nobody looking over my shoulder .
There ’s a great sense of freedom about that . ”
After his brother Tom ’s death in 1990 , he teamed up with his brothers Paddy and Bobby and nephew Robbie O’Connell , though he still performed shows with his Fayreweather Band as well as with the Phil Coulter Orchestra .
He almost stole the show in Martin Scorsese ’s award - winning documentary on Bob Dylan No Direction Home , made in 2004 .
He went on to feature in Alan Gilsenans documentary The Legend of Liam Clancywhich won an Ifta award in 2007 .
In recent years he ran a recording studio in Ring , Co Waterford , where he lived .
His most recent album The Wheels of Life , released this year , features duets with Mary Black and Gemma Hayes along with tracks by Tom Paxton and Donovan .
He is survived by his wife Kim , daughters Fiona and Siobhán and sons Eben and Dónal , as well as his daughter Anya from a previous relationship .
Liam Clancy : born September 2nd , 1935 ; died December 4th , 2009
Update !
This , and the following three , are all ones I have created since the original six .
Low - income women are four times more likely than higher - income women to report fair or poor health and nearly twice as likely to report a health condition that limits their basic physical activities , according to a new policy brief from the UCLA Center for Health Policy Research .
These women also experience inadequate access to health insurance and health care to a far greater degree than their higher - income counterparts , the study found .
The research , which examines data from the 2007 California Health Interview Survey ( CHIS ) represents the most comprehensive overview of the health of California 's approximately 3.8 million women between the ages of 18 and 64 who have family incomes below 200 percent of the federal poverty level ( FPL ) .
However , " the data was collected before the recession , and low - income women are particularly vulnerable to downturns in the economy , which means that their status is likely to be even worse today , " said Roberta Wyn associate director of the center and co-author of the policy brief , " Health Disparities Among California 's Nearly Four Million Low - Income Nonelderly Adult Women . "
" Women , especially in poor families , are often breadwinners whose good health is essential to keeping their families afloat , " Wyn said .
" Improving the health status of these women is an essential coping strategy for the state as a whole during economic hard times . "
According to the study , low - income women are more likely to report a health condition that limits basic physical activities such as walking , climbing stairs , lifting or carrying .
They are also more likely to report having difficulty performing basic daily activities , such as dressing , bathing or getting around the house .
And mid-life , low - income women have higher rates of diabetes , high blood pressure and heart disease -- three of four chronic health conditions examined in the research .
Despite Medi-Cal , four in 10 low - income women were uninsured for all or part of 2007 -- nearly six times the rate of higher - income women .
Lack of access to employment - based insurance , the main source of coverage for most women , was a primary reason .
Only two in 10 low - income women ( 22 percent ) were covered by employment - based coverage , while the prohibitively high cost of privately purchased insurance was reflected in the small proportion of low - income women who have it : just 4 percent .
Despite their poorer health status , low - income women also experience significantly greater gaps in access to health care .
Specifically :
They are less likely to see a physician :
One in five low - income women ( 20 percent ) reported no physician visit in the past year , compared with 8 percent of higher - income women .
They get less preventive screening : Low - income women are the least likely to be screened for cervical and breast cancer , while screening rates increase among higher - income women .
One - fifth of low - income women had not received a Pap test in the past three years .
Among low - income women between the ages of 40 and 64 , one - third had not received a mammogram in the past two years .
Latina and Native American women are the most likely to have limited family incomes .
Nearly six in 10 Latinas ( 58 percent ) , 47 percent of American Indian / Alaska Native women , 41 percent of African American women , 28 percent of Asian / Pacific Islander women and 29 percent of multiple - race women have low incomes .
In comparison , 16 percent of white women are in low - income families .
The policy brief defines low - income women as those whose family incomes range from 0 to 199 percent of the federal poverty level ( FPL ) , a national measure of poverty that varies by family income and family size .
Higher - income women are defined as women whose family income is 400 percent of the FPL or greater .
San Diego Bankruptcy Attorneys
When your finances are on the brink of chaos and there seems to be no way to avoid plunging headlong into an abyss , you may still have options .
At the San Diego and Riverside County , California , law firm of Chang & Diamond , APC , our job as bankruptcy attorneys is to inform you of your options regarding bankruptcy and debt relief so that you can make a fresh start − as many of our former clients have done .
Contact the San Diego bankruptcy attorneys at Chang & Diamond , APC , today .
Trusted Lawyers Helping People Deal With Bankruptcy
Our bankruptcy practice will assist you with the bankruptcy process from start to finish .
This begins with providing guidance on how to choose a lawyer who can effectively represent your interests using years of experience and extensive knowledge of the bankruptcy laws and processes .
La red es , a día de hoy , el mejor escaparate para presentar una marca , un servicio , un producto o una empresa .
De hecho , .
Si alguien te conoce y quiere saber más de ti , te buscará en la red .
Y , si no te conoce , pero sabe lo que busca , también navegará en Internet hasta encontrarte.y la cantera de donde salen buena parte de nuestros clientes potenciales .
Por lo tanto , debe aunar diseño y funcionalidad , además de ser fácilmente accesible .
La primera impresión que se lleva alguien que nos visita de por vez primera es fundamental .
Si lo que ve no le gusta , si no captamos su atención con un diseño atractivo , abandonará el sitio en pocos segundos y será un cliente potencial perdido .
Por eso hay que cuidar la tipografía , los colores , las fotografías y todo lo que nos ayude a ser más atractivos .
Esa es la importancia del diseño web profesional a simple vista , aunque detrás hay muchos otros elementos que harán que , además de quedarse , nos contrate .
En Camaltec estamos convencidos de que una página web debe ayudarnos a destacar por encima de nuestra competencia .
Es indispensable invertir tiempo y esfuerzo en su creación , recurriendo a expertos para que su diseño sea eficaz y útil .
Internet pone a nuestro alcance infinitas herramientas para crear una buena web .
El diseño de la misma es fundamental , ya que debe ser potente y atractivo .
Pero también debe facilitar la navegación del usuario con un doble objetivo : ayudarlo a obtener las respuestas que busca , mientras le facilitamos la información que a nosotros nos interesa que conozca .
El viaje de nuestro visitante por nuestra web debe ser agradable y eficiente y proporcionarle un contenido de calidad que provoque en él deseo de consumir y la necesidad de volver a visitarnos .
Diseño web profesional
Un diseño web profesional , acertado nos puede ayudar a captar la atención de un público objetivo en concreto , pero también puede abrirnos nuevos mercados y el acceso a sectores diferentes de la población si conseguimos interesarles .
Por este motivo , hay que definir bien a quien nos dirigimos y crear una web que responda a sus intereses educacionales , culturales o geográficos .
Si acertamos en eso , ampliaremos de manera notable la posibilidad de convertirlos en nuestros consumidores .
Todos estos factores son tan importantes que no debemos caer en el error de fabricar nuestra propia web , sino de recurrir a profesionales del marketing y de la comunicación online que nos garanticen los mejores resultados .
En Camaltec , creamos páginas web que destacan por cumplir varios e importantes requisitos :
Una arquitectura de la información bien planteada .
Un diseño gráfico ú til y atractivo que suscite interés .
Un contenido de calidad , que invite a consumir tus servicios .
Usabilidad y funcionalidad , facilitando una navegación fácil y agradable .
Todo ello teniendo en cuenta los deseos y aspiraciones del cliente para diferenciar su empresa de la competencia .
Y , una vez que tenemos la herramienta , hay que trabajar para posicionarla de la mejor manera posible .
La idea es aplicar criterios expertos en SEO , que nos ayuden a optimizar nuestra presencia en la red y a atraer cada vez más clientes potenciales .
También aquí es conveniente contratar servicios profesionales que diseñen para nosotros buenas estrategias de posicionamiento en buscadores y nos sitúen por encima de nuestros principales competidores .
Aunar todos estos factores , es posible si nos ponemos en manos de un equipo de expertos .
En Camaltec ofrecemos un servicio que aúna todas estas áreas y competencias de una manera profesional .
Disponemos de programadores , diseñadores , fotógrafos , redactores y especialistas en posicionamiento .
Entre todos crearemos para ti una página web personalizada , adaptada a tus gustos y necesidades , pero también fundamentada en criterios eficaces y de profesionalidad .
Nuestros programadores plantearán para ti un proyecto funcional y competitivo .
Nuestros diseñadores estudiarán tus gustos , requisitos y preferencias para vestirlo y desarrollar un diseño gráfico impactante y atractivo .
Nuestros redactores te ayudarán a explicar a tus clientes quién eres , qué ofreces , qué te diferencia del resto y cómo conseguirlo .
También crearán contenido de calidad para promocionar tu proyecto .
Y nuestros expertos en SEO se encargarán del resto : definir estrategias para posicionarte en buscadores y aplicarlas ; llevar tráfico de visitas a tu web y situarte poco a poco por encima de tus competidores .
No hay que olvidar que lo que pretendemos es atraer visitantes a nuestra web , cuantos más mejor .
Pero también queremos que se queden navegando en ella , que nos conozcan y , sobre todo , que nos contraten y que vuelvan .
Buscamos establecer con ellos una relación lo más duradera posible y nuestra página web es una excelente herramienta para conseguirlo .
Si tu web actual no cumple estos objetivos , te ayudamos a rediseñarla .
Y si todavía no la tienes , en Camaltec la creamos para ti .
Meet Singles
Meet Local Singles .
Find a singles .
leading online dating service , finding more dates for available Alaska singles than any other online dating service .
Learn more
Today we ’re going to learn how to mount any type of flat screen TV to a wall in your home–plasma , LCD , it does n’t matter .
If it ’s flat screen , and you want it on your wall , and you want it done properly then stick around , I ’ve got exactly what you need .
Most flat screen
TVs do n’t come with their own wall mount , so you ’ll have to buy one yourself – I personally recommend you check out the bestselling flat screen TV mounts on Amazon –once you ’ve done that then you ’ll
be ready to get started , but I must mention that if you ’ve just dropped a pile of money on a new television then you probably do n’t want to skimp on the mount since that ’s what ’s going to be entirely responsible for keeping your precious new plasma ( or LCD ) from plummeting to your floor and breaking .
The TV mount specifically
recommended in the video , Peerless , is not only available on Amazon but they ’re offering a HUGE discount on them so you can get a brand new $ 220 mount for about $ 60 , check it out : Peerless Articulating Wall Mount .
Now , I ’ve got an awesome video here that ’s about 25 minutes long , an entire episode , from the tech show Lab Rats where they spend the whole episode going over how to properly mount a flat screen TV with the expert responsible for mounting them on display in the store that they ’re in , check this out and do n’t forget to have a look at the tips afterwards :
Tips for mounting your own flat screen TV
Check your owner ’s manual and make sure you get the right type of mount for your TV–is it VESA compatible , is the mount the right size to match the size of your TV ?
Choose the right location : interior walls are almost
always way easier to mount on than exterior walls , not the least reason of which is the ease with which you will be able to run the wiring .
Look , I ’ll tell you something : you ’re actually better off rearranging the furniture of an entire room to be able to mount the TV in the right spot than you are putting the TV in a bad spot and then trying to make it work .
Mounting will only require standard tools you likely already have ( screwdriver , tape measure , etc. ) ; the only thing that will definitely come in handy that you might not already have is a stud finder , which can be picked up for pretty cheap ( Amazon ’s got a good one for just ten bucks ) from your local hardware store .
Additional Resources and Further Reading
The Home Theater Blog has put together a really well - done set of step - by - step instructions with pictures to help guide you , definitely check it out .
Mahalo ’s got a nice detailed set of instructions .
The Credit Crunch Continues
The credit crunch continues , with businesses large and small finding that their bankers remain exceedingly stingy in the wake of the 2008 financial debacle .
“ We need to see banks making more loans to their business customers , ” Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) Chairwoman , Sheila Bair , told reporters recently after the FDIC released figures showing that the amount of loans outstanding in the nation ’s banks fell $ 210.4 billion in the third quarter of 2009 .
That is the largest quarterly decline since the FDIC began tracking loans in 1984 .
If we dig inside these data , we see that business lending has contracted at a much faster pace than consumer lending .
This trend is not merely a function of contracting economic activity , it is also a function of the fact that banks have been deemphasizing business lending for many , many years .
Numbers from the FDIC reflect this shift over the past decade .
At the end of the third quarter of 1999 , the assets of the nation ’s banks totaled $ 5.5 trillion .
As of September 30 of this year , bank assets had grown to $ 13.2 trillion .
But commercial and industrial loans outstanding barely budged , only growing from $ 947 billion a decade ago to $ 1.27 trillion by September 30 this year .
Meanwhile , loans secured by real estate increased from $ 1.43 trillion in the fall of 1999 to $ 4.5 trillion this fall .
And investment in securities doubled , rising from $ 1.03 trillion to $ 2.4 trillion .
This secular shift away from “ productive ” lending to businesses toward “ nonproductive ” lending to consumers creates a new kind of structural weakness for the American economy .
Robert Prechter makes the point in the November edition of the Elliott Wave Theorist that banks have lent sparingly to businesses for the past 35 years .
Businesses report that since 1974 , ease of borrowing was either worse or the same as it was the prior quarter , meaning that – at least according to business owners – loans have been increasingly hard to get the entire time .
Unfortunately , from a macroeconomic perspective , lending to consumers rather businesses is a suboptimal emphasis / counterproductive exercise .
Prechter writes in his book Conquer the Crash that the lending process for businesses “ adds value to the economy , ” while consumer loans are counterproductive , adding costs but no value .
The consumer may call his borrowing “ productive , ” but it surely does not create capital , i.e. , build shops or factories or manufacture tools and dies that enhance the productivity of human labor .
The banking system , with its focus on consumer loans , has shifted capital from the productive part of the economy , people who have demonstrated a superior ability to invest or produce ( creditors ) to those who have demonstrated primarily a superior ability to consume ( debtors ) .
Total household debt peaked in 2008 at $ 13.8 trillion , with $ 10.5 trillion of that being mortgage debt .
And as Sean Corrigan explained , “ Houses are nonproductive assets , financed with a great deal of leverage . ”
And while homeowners reap the services provided by homes slowly over time , houses “ deliver a large dollop of uncompensated purchasing power up front to their builders or to those cashing out of the market , ” making housing “ the ultimate engines of created credit on the upswing , and …among the more dangerous deflators on the way down . ”
In the last decade , the US system of fractional - reserve banking has created what Frank Shostak calls “ empty money , ” which masquerades as genuine money when in fact “ nothing has been saved . ”
This explosion of money was created through the banking system , as consumers gorged themselves on nonproductive assets like houses , autos , and big- screen TVs .
These purchases gave the illusion of economic growth and good times , but in reality weakened the process of wealth formation ; instead of building capital , this system wasted it .
Meanwhile , businesses that create wealth - producing jobs have stagnated .
The workforce was induced into working for enterprises that represent malinvestment : home and commercial construction , as well as other real - estate - related jobs , and businesses dependent on consumer consumption .
Unfortunately , the federal and state governments constantly enact legislation that makes the employment of workers more costly and in turn makes business expansion riskier .
So wealth - producing businesses , like metal fabrication and the like , have every incentive not to borrow money from a bank to expand their operations and not to wander into a wider thicket of onerous employment rules by hiring more workers .
Instead , the entrepreneur puts energy into obtaining a low - interest mortgage and buying a big house , or dabbling in real - estate development and speculation .
Besides , up until this current meltdown the entrepreneur could obtain a real - estate loan much more easily than a business loan .
Those in Washington are doing all they can to promote the continued destruction of capital and wealth .
Policies like “ cash for clunkers ” ; tax credits for home buyers ; the bailing out of the big banks , Fannie , Freddie , and the auto companies ; and keeping interest rates near zero only serve to promote speculation and consumer consumption .
Instead , Washington should be lowering taxes and the costs of hiring employees , especially in industries that produce capital and wealth .
Regards ,
Douglas French ,
for The Daily Reckoning
Want to become a congressman in a conservative district ?
Then perhaps you should n’t run as a Republican .
A national poll which gave respondents three choices — to support a generic Democrat , Republican or Tea Party candidate — put the Tea Party candidate over the Republican , 23 to 18 percent .
Democrats led with 36 percent ; 22 percent were undecided .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Tea Party is n’t even a real party .
However , a few more polls like this and things might change .
The poll was published Monday by Rasmussen Reports and surveyed 1,500 Americans .
Among voters not affiliated with either major party , the Tea Party comes out on top .
Thirty - three percent ( 33 % ) prefer the Tea Party candidate , and 30 % are undecided .
Twenty - five percent ( 25 % ) would vote for a Democrat , and just 12 % prefer the GOP .
Among Republican voters , 39 % say they ’d vote for the GOP candidate , but 33 % favor the Tea Party option .
For this survey , the respondents were asked to assume that the Tea Party movement organized as a new political party .
In practical terms , it is unlikely that a true third - party option would perform as well as the polling data indicates .
The rules of the election process — written by Republicans and Democrats –provide substantial advantages for the two established major parties .
The more conventional route in the United States is for a potential third - party force to overtake one of the existing parties .
Nationwide , voters ’ disaffection with the two major parties ( Republicans and Democrats ) is so great that a near - majority say a new party is needed to represent their views .
Democrats , however , are more satisfied with their party than Republicans , the poll asserts .
Forty - one percent ( 41 % ) of all voters nationwide say Republicans and Democrats are so much alike that a new party is needed to represent the American people .
Republicans are evenly divided on this question , while Democrats overwhelmingly disagree .
However , among those not affiliated with either major party , 60 % agree that a new party is needed , and only 25 % disagree .
Men are far more likely than women to believe a new party is needed .
As for the voting preference , the Tea Party bests the GOP among both men and women and in all age groups except those over 65 .
The Tea Party candidates are the first choice among political conservatives .
Among moderates , the Tea Party candidates are more popular than Republicans .
However , nearly half of all moderate voters prefer a Democrat .
Among the Political Class , not a single respondent picked the Tea Party candidate .
However , among those with populist or Mainstream views , 31 % prefer the Tea Party , and 26 % are undecided .
Twenty - three percent ( 23 % ) pick a Republican candidate , and 19 % are for the Democrat .
ADVERTISEMENT
More details on the poll can be read here .
Ericka
Tazi stayed at the couple 's hotel for one month A Muslim woman was asked by a Christian hotelier if she was a terrorist and a murderer because she was wearing Islamic dress , a court has been told .
Ericka Tazi told Liverpool magistrates she faced a tirade of abuse from Benjamin Vogelenzang and his wife Sharon , at their hotel on Merseyside .
She said it was because she was wearing a hijab head covering and gown .
Mr and Mrs Vogelenzang deny using threatening , abusive or insulting words which were religiously aggravated .
Members of campaign group The Christian Institute demonstrated in support of the couple outside the court .
Mrs Tazi , who converted to Islam 18 months ago , spent a month at The Bounty House Hotel on Church Avenue , Aintree , Liverpool , while attending a course at Aintree Hospital .
' Form of bondage ' Prosecutor Anya Horwood told the court Mr Vogelenzang , 53 , called the Prophet Muhammad a " warlord " and likened him to Saddam Hussein and Hitler .
And his 54 - year - old wife told Mrs Tazi her Islamic dress represented " oppression " and was a form of " bondage " , the court heard .
Mrs Tazi had worn European dress during her four - week stay , but the row flared after she came down on her last day in traditional Islamic dress .
She said Mr Vogelenzang asked her " Why are you wearing those clothes ? " and began laughing at her , the prosecutor told the court .
Ms Horwood said the hotelier then began to discuss his Christian faith but became angry - at which point his wife joined in .
Mrs Tazi walked away but was followed by Mr Vogelenzang , who was acting like " a whirling dervish " , repeatedly asking her if she was a " terrorist " .
Giving evidence , Mrs Tazi told the bench that dressing in her hijab seemed to " trigger something " in the hotelier .
The 60 - year - old , who suffers from fibromyalgia and lives with chronic pain , said : " He just could n't accept the way I was dressed .
" He asked me if I was a murderer , if I was a terrorist .
I 'm a 60 - year - old disabled woman , I could n't understand where it was coming from , it was shocking to me . "
Mrs Tazi said Mr Vogelenzang followed her into the dining room " flailing " his arms and " jumping up and down " .
She added : " Sharon came running in , she was shouting ' you started this with your dress ' and she was pointing in my face and I was frightened at this stage .
I was absolutely traumatised by it all . "
Later that night Mrs Tazi contacted Merseyside Police .
When detectives questioned the couple they claimed they had been sharing their " faith views " .
Beatles fan Mrs Tazi told Hugh Tomlinson QC , for the defence , that she was not trying to make a statement by wearing the hijab and denied having robust arguments about religion with other guests .
She told him she tried " many religions " before converting to Islam when she married .
Mrs Tazi said : " My journey has been a long , long journey , it was a very difficult decision to wear these clothes ...
I 'm a normal Warrington girl who liked the Beatles . "
Guests at the hotel told the court that Mrs Tazi was left distraught by the row .
Pauline Tait , 52 , a committed Christian , described it as " a very upsetting and volatile exchange " .
Another guest , Shirley Tait , said she was in her bedroom when she heard Mr Vogelenzang shouting the words " Nazi " and " warlord " .
The case was adjourned until Wednesday .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Printliminator
The Printliminator ( repo ) is a bookmarklet with some simple tools you can use to makes websites print better .
One click to activate , and then click to remove elements from the page , remove graphics , and apply better print styling .
Here is the bookmarklet :
The Printliminator ← drag to your bookmarks bar
Video Demo
Credits
By Chris Coyier and Devon Govett .
Updates & extensions by Rob Garrison .
Print stylesheet based on Hartija .
How can I support Casual Kitchen ?
If you enjoy reading Casual Kitchen , tell a friend and spread the word !
You can also support me by purchasing items from via links on this site , or by linking to me or subscribing to my If you enjoy reading Casual Kitchen , tell a friend and spread the word !
You can also support me by purchasing items from Amazon.com via links on this site , or by linking to me or subscribing to my RSS feed .
Finally , you can consider submitting this article , or any other article you particularly enjoyed here , to bookmarking sites like del.icio.us digg or stumbleupon .
Thank you for your support !
With the economy still struggling , families all over the world are looking for creative ways to stretch their food budgets further than ever .
If food costs are getting you down , or if you 're just looking for a few easy and cost - effective recipes , take heart : Casual Kitchen has you covered .
What follows is an extensive list of the best and least expensive recipes ever posted on this site .
The recipes below range from inexpensive to downright laughably cheap .
Best of all , every single one of them is easy to make .
Enjoy !*****************************A delicious , scalable soup recipe that costs just over $ 1.00 per serving .
At a laughable cost of only $ 2 - 3 in total , this recipe will serve four as a main dish .
Do n't let a couple anchovies scare you away from one of the most interesting pasta sauces out there .
This sauce is extremely inexpensive and it can be made in less than half an hour .
At 65 - 70 c per serving , this is one of the easiest and least expensive recipes in this entire blog .
This contains a fully balanced meal , with protein , veggies and carbs , and it can be made for about $ 1.75 per serving .
This recipe is easy to make and it costs a hysterically cheap 60 c per serving .
The first part of this post is a curmudgeonly diatribe against salt ( you can skip that ) .
But the second part is an easy split pea soup recipe that can feed you for days for only $ 3 - 4. A rich and delicious soup that can be made for under $ 1.00 per serving !
A spicy , delicious and easy to make soup that costs just over $ 1.50 per serving .
An unusual and original pasta salad that costs about $ 1.75 per serving .
It will cost you just $ 4.00 and 25 minutes of your time to feed four with this easy dish .
A simple and delicious pasta dish you can whip up in minutes .
Cost : 75 c per serving .
A healthy and delicious soup recipe that involves a bit of chopping , but you 'll love the price tag of under $ 1.00 per serving .
A balanced and mild pasta salad that costs less than $ 1.50 per serving .
This refreshing pasta dish can be made for around $ 1.50 - $ 1.75 per serving
One of these burritos can make a light meal ; two will make a heavy meal .
If you scale this recipe up , you can make these for about $ 1.00 each .
A house favorite here at Casual Kitchen - - a delicious and original pasta sauce with a per-serving cost of around $ 1.50 .
Scroll down past the article about never using cooking wine , and you 'll find a healthy and delicious recipe that costs about $ 1.50 - $ 1.75 per serving .
A house favorite , and the recipe that gets by far the most search traffic here at Casual Kitchen .
Cost per serving : just $ 1.25 - $ 1.50 .
This flexible and fancy - sounding dish is really quite easy .
If you stick to basic ingredients , you can make this dish for under $ 1.00 a serving .
Yet another filling and delicious soup that can be made for about $ 1.00 per serving .
High in fiber , low in fat and easy on your wallet .
This dish costs around $ 5 - $ 6 to make and it will serve 4 - 5.
A hearty , cool - weather dish that can be made in 45 minutes from start to finish , and costs a little over $ 1 per serving .
This exotic vegetarian stew is made from easy to find ingredients , and it feeds 7 - 8 for less than $ 10 in total .
A top favorite recipe here in our home .
An old warhorse recipe that I 've been making for nearly 20 years .
You can whip this up in minutes at a cost of less than $ 1.00 per serving .
A cause for the financial crisis of 2008 is described that differs from conventional wisdom .
It is proposed that in the early 2000s , an increase in the volatility of oil took place .
This increase in oil volatility had an impact on investment risk in general , and led to incentives to promote self - interested cashing out rather than protection of shareholders .
Novel data will be provided to show that a distinct series of pulsed spikes in oil price volatility initiated in the early 2000s .
The oil shock of 2008 , when price doubled over less than a year ( peaking at ~ $ 140 a barrel ) , is shown not to be an isolated event .
Instead , the oil shock of 2008 is the largest in a series of 7 prominent spikes in oil price variance that began some 7 - 8 years ago .
This is a guest post by Theramus , a college professor in a field unrelated to finance .
He has looked at the relationships shown in this post as a hobby .
The multi -year pattern of spiking instability in oil price appears to be unprecedented , is ongoing and may be a natural process that results from initiating or being on the down - slope of the production curve since " Peak Oil " .
Importantly , individual spikes in oil price variance precede corresponding spikes in volatility in the inflation rate , the S&P 500 index and the price of gold - indices tied to the confidence of financial professionals to make accurate assessments of investment risk .
It is proposed that as evidence consolidated that “ see- saw ” changes in oil price variance were propagating increasing uncertainty into investment outcomes , the necessary and sufficient conditions emerged for :
1 ) Expansion of the " shadow banking system " and
2 ) Unregulated value extraction ( i.e. looting ) from this sequestered pool of capital .
Finally , data will be described as to how a volatility spike in oil price in 1986 and a subsequent crash in the stock market in October 1987 ( Black Tuesday ) may have provided a key teaching moment .
Lessons learned on the economic impact of a large transient variance in oil price from " Black Tuesday " may have been a factor guiding the avaricious behavior of Wall Street in the lead up to the financial crisis of 2008 .
Introduction
The distress of Mr. Greenspan
The former chairman of the US Federal Reserve Mr. Alan Greenspan provided the following response during questioning about his “ ideology ” before a committee of the US congress on the 23rd of October 2008 :
" I have found a flaw … I do n't know how significant or permanent it is .
But I have been very distressed by that fact .... "
A reflexive media and commentators jumped on a bowed Mr. Greenspan for the usual depressing reasons .
However , had Mr. Greenspan let his mask slip for a moment ?
Notable words in his response included “ … how significant or permanent … ” .
By using this phrasing could Mr. Greenspan have been signaling that he’d not been wrong previously ( as if ) ?
Instead , was he suggesting that conditions in the economy had changed in a manner that now made his old way of thinking flawed ?
This idea explores a possible cause for Mr. Greenspan ’s distress .
In short , it proposes the outline of a mechanism for how volatility in the price of oil might have contributed to the apparently irrational actions of the financial industry .
In particular , it speculates how a recent upsurge in the instability of oil pricing might have provided a rational basis for altering the incentives of global finance .
Consider the following hypothetical sequence of events :
1. Global oil production starts becoming constrained around the year 2000 , on its way to peak , as predicted by Hubbert .
2 . A new pattern of volatility in oil price emerges shortly thereafter and this pattern continues to build through the present ( and into the future ) .
3 . This new type of volatility is in the nature of being on the production down slope of a finite resource in great demand ( i.e. , oil ) .
Variance and occasional very large movements were certainly evident in the upslope of the production curve .
However , the frequency and severity of oil price movements that characterize the variance on the downhill side of the production curve are envisaged to be of a different pattern and order of magnitude .
4 . Owing to its singular role in the economy , increased pricing volatility in oil begins to propagate volatility ( and thus uncertainty ) into the price of nearly everything else .
5 . The rising levels of uncertainty in pricing translate into increases in risk of investment .
Indeed , due to unknowns in future prices and most especially of oil itself , real financial risks are probably rising exponentially across the board .
6 . A knowledgeable and initially small number of insiders anticipate the implications ( as outlined broadly in 1 through 5 ) of moving onto the down slope of the oil production curve 4 - 8 yrs earlier than the rest of us .
7 . With financial risk increasing , and a still small , but growing number coming to understand what is going on , incentive begins to shift from protecting the interests of shareholders , to figuring out how to “ cash out ” quickly .
This shift in incentive may be the fundamental change ( of uncertain permanence ) that is the cause of Mr. Greenspan 's distress .
8 . The behavior of the primary few spreads within the global financial industry and perhaps beyond .
Most secondarily affected individuals are probably oblivious to the ultimate cause ( i.e. , oil price volatility ) of their choices and actions .
A fin -de - seicle ethos becomes pervasive .
There is an unspoken or perhaps even quietly discussed urgency that time is running out for you to make your “ nut ” ( i.e. , sufficient money to retire wealthy ) and get out .
How the " cashing out " occurred is a matter of some complexity .
But this part of the story does seem to conclude with tens , and possibly hundreds of trillions dollars in worthless ( " toxic ” ) assets in the " shadow banking system " .
It is speculated that the primary mechanisms of " cashing out " did not directly involve accumulation of wealth in the " shadow banking system " per se .
Instead , the evidence suggests that extraction of value involved the taking of fees , salaries , bonuses , stock options ( ugh ! ) and other mechanisms leveraged against the " toxic assets " by the exclusive few who had access to this huge , but ultimately chimeric pool of capital .
Government bailouts of “ systemically important institutions ” are perhaps the most recent example of leverage against the " shadow banking system " .
Whatever the specifics of the “ cashing out ” mechanism - we know the rest - credit crisis , stock and housing market crashes , job losses and the deepest recession of the last 50 years .
Four propositions that link volatility in oil price to bad behavior in financial markets
The “ hypothetical sequence ” enumerated in 1 through 8 suggest at least 4 propositions for which some data can be derived .
1. Volatility in the price of oil increased after the year 2000 .
2. Variance in the price of goods and services ( i.e. , inflation rate ) after 2000 should show a correlated increase downstream of increasing volatility in the price of oil .
3 . Investment risk should rise in concert with increasing volatility in the price of oil and the price of “ stuff ” in general .
4 . And there may have been information in place prior to the 2008 crisis that enabled anticipation of the destabilizing effect of large variances in oil price on investment risk .
The author refers to these as the 4 propositions of the apocalypse - a sad attempt at playfulness and definitely in poor taste .
Nonetheless , evidence will be provided to support each of the propositions .
It is probably fair to point out that even though the propositions imply mechanistic linkages , the actual data presented will generally be correlative .
By the way , this essay is based on a longer wiki composed online over the last year or so .
This might go some way to explain the accretive , and somewhat clumsy structure of the present essay .
The longer ( winded ) piece can be found at http://ow.ly/hSGb.
Proposition 1 : Volatility in the Price of Oil Increased after 2000
For the purpose of this analysis , I chose to use the price database of the Illinois Oil & Gas Association website .
http://www.ioga.com/Special/crudeoil_Hist.htm
This site provides “ Illinois Basin Posted Crude Oil Prices ” .
I would expect this data to be similar to that from more commonly used sources , such as West Texas Intermediate prices available from the US Energy Information Administration .
The chart in Figure 1 is a plot of monthly crude oil price from 1986 to 2009 .
The sharp rise and fall in oil at the right hand of the plot corresponding to the oil shock of 2008 is a part of this story that is all too familiar to motorists .
The next problem was how to calculate an index in the volatility of oil price based on the monthly data .
It was reasoned that this index of volatility should reflect the spread or variability in price over successive intervals of time .
To achieve this a simple statistical approach was used .
The monthly oil prices for Jan , Feb and Mar of 1986 were $ 22.50 , $ 16.00 and $ 14.00 respectively .
First the standard deviation ( SD ) of the first 2 numbers ( i.e. , $ 22.50 for Jan 1986 and $ 16.00 for Feb 1986 ) was calculated as an index of their spread .
This SD was 4.60 .
Next , the standard deviation of the 2nd and 3rd numbers for ( i.e. , $ 16.00 for Feb 1986 and $ 14.00 for Mar 1986 ) was estimated to give an SD of 1.41 .
These calculations were carried out for successive pairs of months for all 276 months from Jan 1986 down to Dec 2008 .
Figure 2 charts this index of rolling SD in oil price ( red ) together with oil price ( blue ) .
Eyeballing the " seismograph - like twitchings " of the index of volatility indicates that it is on a rising trend , particularly since 2002 .
An intriguing feature of the volatility plot is large " spiked twitches " that rise notably above background - more on these spikes later .
The trend in oil price volatility over time appeared to be non-linear .
Microsoft Excel was used to calculate a 3 - factor polynomial fit to the scatter plot ( pink line - Figure 2 ) .
Interesting features of the resulting regression line include that it starts to move notably upward from around year 2000 .
The trend line also appears to climb in an exponential manner from 2000 through to 2009 .
In conclusion , looking back from 2009 there is evidence for a rising trend in the volatility of the price of oil that commenced from around year 2000 .
Proposition 2 . Variance in Inflation Rate Should Show a Correlated Increase Downstream of Increasing Volatility in the Price of oil .
The monthly year - to - year inflation rates between 1986 and 2009 were used to derive an index of general price volatility in goods and services .
Monthly numbers on inflation rate issued by the US Federal Govt .
( calculated from the consumer price index - CPI - U ) were obtained from :
http://inflationdata.com/Inflation/Inflation_Rate/HistoricalInflation.aspx
Figure 3 shows a co-plot of monthly inflation rate ( orange ) , an index of inflation volatility based on rolling SD of the CPI - U ( dark green , calculated as per the oil volatility index ) , and the regression trend in inflation rate volatility ( light green - black core ) between 1986 and 2009 .
From Figure 3 it is notable that the inflation trend appears to reach it lowest point around 1997 , slightly earlier than the oil trend - which as shown in Figure 2 is at a nadir around 2000 .
This lack of coincidence in the lowest point for the oil and CPI - U volatility plots is problematic for the " hypothetical sequence " .
The hypothesis suggests that oil price variance should be “ upstream ” of inflation volatility .
One can perhaps account for this as a statistical error , the effects of more than one time - dependent factor on inflation , the result of government manipulation and so on .
Nonetheless , this discrepancy is a concern and clarification is required .
What happens with if " honest " numbers on inflation rate are used ?
There is a question as to whether " official " inflation numbers reflect the actual rate of inflation in the US economy .
A widely known website that provides an alternate calculation of inflation is " John Williams Shadow Government Statistics " :
http://www.shadowstats.com/
At this site , inflation numbers are described as being calculated using methodologies that were utilized by the US Govt. in 1980s .
A site newsletter indicates that this " Alternate Consumer Inflation measure , reverses the methodological gimmicks of the last 25 years " .
In other words , the site suggests that " cheating " on the way inflation is currently reported by the Feds has been mitigated .
When the “ Shadow Stats ” numbers are used the pattern observed changes significantly ( Figure 4 ) .
Inflation volatility begins to pick up later into the 2000s than when the index is calculated from the official Govt. numbers ( Figure 3 ) .
Indeed , it appears that volatility in the shadow inflation rate does not start a pattern of more vigorous " twitching " until after the turn of the millennium .
The light green plot of the volatility regression trend confirms a low point for the shadow numbers that occurs around 2000 .
Comparing the volatility trends for oil price ( pink line Figure 2 ) and shadow inflation ( light green ) indices since the mid 1990s is similar .
The rise in the inflation curve now lags a little behind the rise in the trend of oil price volatility .
Most importantly , the low points of the curves share a near " coincident bottom " around the year 2000 and from the point of view of the “ hypothetical sequence ” a near “ coincident bottom ” is a lovely thing .
The results from the shadow inflation index ( Figure 4 ) are thus notably more in line with the predictions of the “ hypothetical sequence ” than those derived from the “ official ” Govt. statistics ( Figure 3 ) .
Resolving Granularity in the Rolling Variance Indices
A previously noted feature of the volatility plots is the occurrence of larger twitches or spikes in variance ( Figures 2 - 4 ) .
To improve resolution of these larger twitches , 3 - month moving averages of inflation rate and oil price were calculated ( Figure 5 ) , and then the volatility indices for inflation and oil were re-calculated from these moving averages .
Prior to 2000 , spiking in the two " smoothed " volatility indices occurs , but the pattern is irregular .
However , after 2000 the spiked pulses of volatility appear to assume an organization .
In particular , 6 distinct pulses in inflation volatility are evident in the period ( green arrows on top panel ) between 2004 and 2009 , a recent one peaking in December 2008 being particularly large .
An early “ harbinger ” uptick in inflation instability is also marked on the chart that peaks between 2001 and 2002 .
There seems to be regularity to the pulsed spikes - and thus a temptation to assume that the sequence is an oscillating wave .
However , if one looks at the spaces between the green arrows marking the pulse tops , they are NOT consistent .
The time interval between the spikes gets shorter and shorter as 2009 is approached .
If this is an oscillating wave , it is rather complex .
Now ... if one looks at the " smoothed " oil price volatility index over the period between 2004 and 2009 , almost the same pattern is seen ( lower panel Figure 5 ) .
A distinct series of pulsed spikes ( red arrows ) , each spike being separated by increasingly shorter intervals of time .
It should be noted that the words " almost the same " are used in the prior paragraph .
The reason for this wording becomes apparent when the plots for oil and inflation are overlaid ( Figure 6 ) .
Although the two patterns are similar , individual " pulse " peaks for inflation and oil do NOT show precise alignment over time .
Instead , 5 out of the 6 inflation variance spikes lag slightly behind a pulse in oil price volatility .
A further notable feature of the plots is that the volatility spikes tend to show a progressive increase in amplitude .
Pulse 2 in oil price volatility is interesting .
Its initiation toward the end of 2005 corresponds roughly to the timing of Hurricane Katrina .
Many in the US will remember the sharp rise in oil prices at this time and how conventional wisdom focused on the hurricane as the primarily factor causing the sharp ascent in gas price .
However , the big picture view provided in Figure 5 indicates that the " Katrina - induced " spike in oil price may actually be part of a larger series of volatility pulses , including one that preceded it by a year and a third spike , which followed roughly a year later .
As with 2005 , 2004 also had an active hurricane season .
However , 2006 was comparatively quiet .
The point is that while events such as Hurricane Katrina may act as a trigger or catalyst , they are certainly cannot be the ultimate cause of multi-year instabilities of the type illustrated in Figure 5 .
In conclusion , there is evidence of a correlative link between volatility in the price of goods and services , as reflected in the shadow inflation rate that coincides with increasing volatility in the price of oil from ~2000 .
The strongest support for this link comes from a distinct and apparently unprecedented series of pulsed spikes of oil price instability that occurred between 2004 and 2009 .
Each spike in this series was matched by a coincident or later ( downstream ) twitch in volatility in the inflation rate .
Proposition 3 . Increasing Volatility in the Price of Oil Is Causing Increased Investment Risk
Next , an analysis similar to that developed for Proposition 2 was undertaken on two indices of investment variance :
One derived from the S&P 500 stock index and the second based on the price of gold .
A co-plot of " smoothed " volatility of the S&P 500 and oil price volatility over the period from 2000 to 2009 can be found at ( http://ideas.wikia.com/wiki/File:SnP_Oil_overlay.jpg).
The correlation between the peaks of volatility in oil price and stock ( i.e. , the S&P 500 ) are not as clean as between the oil and inflation indices over the same period ( Figure 6 ) .
Between 2000 and 2004 , there is turbulent " froth " in the S&P volatility index that presumably corresponds to the residue of the 1990s dot com boom .
However , during the key period between 2004 and 2009 , the same general pattern of correlated spike peaks observed previously for inflation rate applies .
The data shown in Figure 7 provides a more substantive and juicier meal .
This plot shows a " smoothened " volatility plot of the price of gold ( as measured from http://www.lbma.org.uk/stats/goldfixg - gold in USD ) over the period from 2000 to 2009 co-plotted with the plot of smoothed oil price volatility .
Gold is an interesting commodity .
Historically , it has been treated as a safe haven by investors wishing to protect against inflation .
The perception that gold acts as a store of value confers an interesting property on fluctuations in its price .
The vigorousness of its movements up and down indicate the sentiment of people of means who are able to buy gold to offset investment risk .
To put this another way , volatility in the price gold provides an index of how safe or risky sophisticated investors judge the investment environment to be - a measure of the level of market uncertainty perceived by investors .
As with oil price volatility , fluctuations in the price of gold show a general rising trend over the period between 2000 and the present ( Figure 7 ) .
Looking at the detailed geometry of the ups and downs within this trend , it can be seen that a downstream peak in the gold index matches Pulse 1 in oil price volatility .
What comes next is a shocker .
BANG !
Pulse 2 in oil price volatility ( the Hurricane Katrina spike ) ignites a huge surge in gold price variance .
Its almost as if the pulse 1 was a warning shot and then a second confirmatory slug of oil price turbulence convinces a bunch of savvy investors to run for cover - big time .
Pulse 3 in oil occurs and there follows a modest surge in the volatility of gold price .
Then the more dramatic pattern repeats .
With the rise of pulse 4 in oil volatility , there is second a sharp run up in variance associated with gold price .
This large spike in the gold index coincides with the first swallows ( vultures ? ) of the credit crisis : Bear Stearns collapse , Mr. Bernanke assuring us that the sub - prime market is contained and so on .
Oil price volatility spikes 5 and 6 follow , with predictable downstream spikes in gold volatility associated with both .
The patterns in Figure 7 are astonishing .
Volatility in the price of oil appears to be leading investor sentiment - each variance spike heralding large changes of fluidity in the gold market .
In summary , evidence is provided for a correlative link between volatility in the price of oil and two indices of investment risk : fluctuation in the S&P 500 stock index and the price of gold .
Again , six pulses in oil price instability are generally matched by unitary , downstream twitches of volatility in the stock index and gold price over period between 2004 and 2009 .
The detailed correspondence between the oil and gold indices is particularly striking .
It is concluded the environment for investment over the last 8 or so years has been marked by risk that is increasing in a non-linear , perhaps exponential manner .
Proposition 4 . Information in Place Prior to the Crisis Enabled Anticipation that Oil Volatility would Increase Investment Risk .
When Black Tuesday Came
Figure 7 provides evidence that long - term hedging in gold was occurring prior to the onset of the financial crisis in spite of the short - term unpredictability of gold as an investment .
One reason for this paradoxical phenomenon is that gold is a sensitive barometer of perceived investment risk in the short term .
Proposition 4 examines how it came to be understood that oil volatility was adding unprecedented levels of uncertainty to investment outcomes through the 2000s - as reflected in indices such as the price of gold .
The main question posed is whether specific information was available that could have led to a change in incentive within the financial industry from protecting shareholders to unregulated " cashing out " .
Exhibit A in Proposition 4 is Figure 8 .
It may take a while to study and verify this complex chart .
However , once you have familiarized yourself with its implications , your view of how modern economic events are shaped may be changed - perhaps not in a happy way .
In a nutshell this figure shows that unitary spikes in volatility of the price of oil have occurred immediately downstream to almost all US recessions and stock market crashes since 1966 .
Put aside the explanations trotted out by experts on the vagaries and fortunes of the US economy - sub -prime , the Fed , interests rates , the business cycle etc etc etc .
Figure 8 teaches that the single factor common to virtually every US recession and market crash for nearly half a century is that each has been preceded by a prominent transient spike of instability in the price of oil .
The one exception with no preceding variance pulse is the shortest recession of the period , which occurred in 2001 in the wake of the dot com bubble in technology stocks .
There is debate as to whether dot com actually met the formal definition of a recession , as it did not comprise 2 successive quarters of negative GDP growth .
Semantics aside , it is notable that a minor volatility spike was coincident with the dot com “ recession ” , so the 2001 downturn might be considered as not inconsistent with the general pattern .
Looking at Figure 8 in detail , the now familiar recent 6 volatility spikes of 2000 to 2008 can be seen at the far right of the plot .
Each of these transients in price variance are asterisked and referred to as " primary volatility spikes " .
A new , more recent pulse can be observed to be building during 2009 .
While the 2009 upstroke shows signs of flattening , it has already risen to the point that it is the 5th largest spike in oil volatility of the last 50 years .
The left hand of Figure 8 covering the period between 1966 and 1980 provides food for thought .
Against the background of the turbulence of the last 10 years the volatility transients ( asterisked ) in this era are almost imperceptible .
However , by expanding the Y - axis ( right hand inset ) we can see definite nubs of variance that coincide with the oil shocks of the early 1970s .
And these were indeed “ primary volatility spikes ” in the context of their era , as they rise above a background which maintained at near - zero levels until ~1980 .
It should be noted that the oil markets were heavily regulated by commercial and government interests during this earlier period .
Hence , although squelched , volatility appeared to squeak out in spurts when it could no longer be constrained .
All the same , two official recessions and a stock market crash can be recognized proximal to and downstream of notable volatility spikes between 1966 and 1979 .
The period between 1980 and the early 1990s is fascinating .
Within this time - frame three recessions and one stock market crash occurred .
Again the " one on one " and upstream relationship of “ primary volatility spikes ” to economic events is maintained .
Perhaps the most interesting event in this time - frame is the stock market crash known as " Black Tuesday " .
The crash that began on Tuesday the 19th of October 1987 appeared to come out of nowhere , occurring during a period of steady gains in growth in the US economy .
While " Black Tuesday " remains the greatest single - day loss that Wall Street has ever experienced , no convincing answer to what caused it has ever been forthcoming .
There are speculations on the role of computer trading , herd behavior by market players and derivatives .
In the historical perspective provided by Figure 8 it can be seen an overlooked factor in “ Black Tuesday ” is that a large oil volatility transient peaked shortly prior to the 1987 market crash .
This spike was caused by a failure of OPEC to stabilize prices owing to " cheating " by cartel members on production quotas .
The honorable Saudi 's tired of their role as a production " buffer " to counter misbehavior by OPEC siblings and temporary chaos ( and hence volatility ) ensued in the oil markets .
" Black Tuesday " may turn out to be one of the most significant lessons in the dark arts of the markets ever .
It came like a meteor in a time before telescopes or knowledge of heavenly bodies .
Its singularity and inexplicably is the " exception proving the rule " that wakeful scientists are always on the look out for .
The unexpectedness of this stock market crash spared it a tidy accounting by the press and the mendacities of conventional wisdom .
With the context provided by figure 8 that " Black Tuesday " was the immediate downstream product of an unusually large spike in oil volatility now becomes a reasonable proposition .
Indeed , it may be the only explanation that makes any sense - a precipitous induction of investment risk by an oil variance pulse in the absence of an economic downtown .
In other words , OPEC gave us an experiment on the effects of a “ primary volatility spike ” controlled for the confounding influence of an accompanying decline in US GDP .
It is speculated that inquiring minds watching these events as they unfolded over 20 years ago may have become early adopters of the conclusions regarding transient instabilities in oil price and investment risk outlined in this essay .
The insights provided by the oil shocks of 1970s probably laid out the principle for anyone motivated enough to recognize the pattern .
Oil volatility pulses at the beginning of the 1980s and the 1990s provided further confirmation of a correlation .
But in these cases , one could have argued that the risky investment environment resulted from the economy being in recession .
But " Black Tuesday " sealed the deal , by showing that a primary spike in oil price variance was sufficient , in it own right to propagate uncertainty into investment markets , even during periods of steady , positive growth in GDP .
The Number of the Beast is About Thirty or so
In the penultimate step of the data section , an attempt will be made to " drag the beast " into the " light of day " .
The root cause of our economic woes is postulated as to what the essay now refers to as a “ primary volatility spike ” – a large , transient variance in the price of oil .
It is suggested that “ primary volatility spikes ” can be thought of as a class of discontinuous phenomena in their own right within the broader category of volatility .
The focus here is on oil , but as has already demonstrated , other economic variables ( e.g. , inflation rate ) over the last 6 - 7 years have also displayed similar discrete spikes .
The ability of large transient variances in oil price to cause economic shock appears to some extent to be dependent on the era in which they occurred .
For example , relative to those of the last decade , the magnitude of spikes in the 1970s was small ( e.g. , inset Figure 8 ) - nonetheless the dire economic ramifications of these shocks are all too well remembered by anyone over the age of 45 .
A simple arithmetic device was used to generate a visual representation of the relative magnitude and frequency of “ primary volatility spikes ” over the last 43 years .
To do this , rolling 5 - year averages were calculated from the oil volatility index from 1966 through to 2009 .
The rolling average for each month was then used to divide the volatility index at the corresponding point for all months between Jan 1966 and Jan 2009 .
Figure 9 charts the results of this " normalization " of the time series .
The plot brings into the " light of day " some 30 “ primary volatility spikes ” .
Within the 43 - year time span , these 30 or so spikes are clustered roughly into 5 groups .
The first cluster of spikes is in the early 1970s , corresponding to the period in which US " Peak oil " occurred , and the second , third and fourth clusters are centered on the 1986 " Black Tuesday " spike .
The fifth , largest and most recent cluster has been the main focus of this essay .
One surprise outcome of " normalization " is that it provides evidence that the latest ( i.e. , fifth ) cluster of instability in oil pricing may have started in the mid 1990s , rather than in the early 2000s as was indicated from earlier charts in this essay .
If this earlier onset is the case , it has interesting implications .
For example , it could be that the initiation of cluster 5 is diagnostic of the aftermath of Hubbert 's peak .
If this were the case , then it would lead to the surprising inference that the worldwide crest in oil production occurred prior to 2004 .
Alternately , Steve from Virginia has previously made the observation on The Oil Drum that oil price in inflation - adjusted dollars reached its minimum in about 1998 - 1999 - a time that he refers to as " peak oil availability " .
After this time , it was speculated that as demand grew , supply was not able to keep up , and the effect was felt in price , rather than in increased production .
Steve ’s hypothesis perhaps provides a more plausible explanation of the increase in price variance after 1996 shown on Figure 9 and this interpretation would also be more in line with an emerging consensus that Hubbert ’s peak probably occurred 2004 - 2005 .
Figure 10 returns us to the theme of this essay : the effect of volatility in the price of oil on investment risk .
Gold was fingered earlier on as an indicator of perceived market risk by sophisticated investors .
Figure 10 provides a nice illustration of how “ primary volatility spikes ” tend to presage surges in the price of gold .
Using this chart it is straightforward to surmise which is the likely " horse " ( Therramus suggests the oil volatility spikes ) and which is the " cart " ( gold price ) of the pair .
A small upward blip in gold price ( yellow arrow , Figure 10 ) can even be seen to occur prior to the " Black Tuesday " stock market crash .
But consistent with the hypothesis outlined in this essay , this rise in gold price and the large market crash of the following October , both occurred after the initiation of the 3rd cluster of oil price variance spikes .
Finally , note how the start of the fifth and most recent cluster of volatility in the late 1990s precedes the kick - off of a relentless climb in the value of gold over most of the 2000s .
If you 're curious about what happened to all that money lost during the financial crisis , then one perhaps does not have to look too much further than this veritable mountain of gold with its foothills nestling in the year 2000 .
In summary , based on the data of this and preceding sections , the concept of a " primary volatility spike " or " variance transient " is introduced .
It is shown that “ primary volatility spikes ” in the price of oil show an uncanny proximal and upstream correlation with all major US recessions and stock market crashes since 1966 .
Of specific interest , the stock market crash of " Black Tuesday " may have provided a controlled experiment demonstrating that a “ primary volatility spike ” was sufficient to cause a major induction in investment risk independent of other factors .
Lessons learned over the last 40 or so years on the effect of oil variance transients on investment risk are suggested to have guided the response of the global financial industry to the present crisis .
In particular , this information may have provided the rationale for shifts in incentive that led to :
1 ) the uncoupling of the interests of the financial industry from the broader economy ,
2 ) the expansion and looting of the shadow banking system and
3 ) the aggregation of wealth by prescient actors in " value stores " such as gold .
Concluding Comments on the Financial Crisis and Conventional Wisdom on its Causes
Divining the cause or causes of the financial crisis 2008 is a problem that perhaps should be approached with trepidation and humbleness .
It is easy to be off track when there are so many unknowns .
The workings of complex systems such as the economy are ineffable ... and well ... complex .
Conventional wisdom has already coalesced around a number of probable causes .
Top of the list is the hubris and greed of Wall Street .
The sub - prime mortgage market is a second much vaunted cause of the crisis .
Attractive as these popular explanations are , this essay imagines an ultimate cause for the financial crisis that differs from the emerging conventional wisdom .
At its most essential , this narrative is about the primacy of the laws of physics .
Human frailties such as greed are viewed as a necessary , but not sufficient factors in the crisis .
Similarly , the sub prime mortgage market and its devilish cousin the “ shadow banking system ” are seen as downstream manifestations of the deeper process of resource depletion .
This being said , one does not wish to absolve the excess of the financial industry .
These people demanded to be treated like adults and left to self - regulate .
Unfortunately , in the absence of vigilant supervision the moral pygmies of Wall Street took to playing with matches and eventually burnt the house down .
It should be emphasized that the hypothesis posed here does NOT constitute an organized conspiracy .
Those caught up in the fin - de - seicle mentality that lubricated the financial crisis do not have to know each other or openly share their concerns .
Given the right seedbed , timely ideas propagate like weeds .
Simply put , the idea proposes that economic disruptions wrought by instability in the price of oil leading up to and following Hubbert ’s peak provide a key to understanding the financial crisis of 2008 .
Pricing unpredictability in oil - our most fundamental energy resource - is suggested here to be the sole factor that is both necessary and sufficient to explain the debacle .
All else , bad behavior of Wall Street included , is proposed to self - organize and flow downstream from the effect of volatility in the price of oil on investment risk .
About Therramus :
Therramus is a neutered Tom .
He can be contacted at therramus@gmail.com .
As Australia attempts to plan a future powered by renewable energy , solar power is one the most talked - about possibilities .
But could Australia actually be 100 % solar powered ?
Evan Beaver takes a look .
The Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme is on the table , with concessions flying thick and fast to some of Australia ’s biggest polluters .
But to many , the debate should be looking towards the future — and renewable energy .
Solar power is often the most talked - about possibility .
After all , we do have all this sun .
But could Australia actually be 100 % powered by it ?
Evan Beaver takes a look .
So first things first , what is solar power ?
Broadly speaking , it is any energy derived directly from the sun .
This includes direct - heat uses such as the hot - water systems people are familiar with , but also includes drying applications such as salt production and sludge drying in sewage treatment plants .
This little robot has what I consider the worst job in the world , and will be the first to go if the robots ever form a union .
In the developing world , solar power , particularly the UV radiation associated with it , is widely used for sterilising water .
Just fill a PET bottle with water and leave it in the sun for eight hours .
Voila !
Sterile water .
But the big - ticket item is electricity production .
What are the technologies competing to produce electricity from solar power ?
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
There are two distinct categories , with a few different technologies within each .
Photovoltaic ( PV ) ; literally electricity from light .
This is becoming more common on roofs and street lights around Australia , and has been popular for small - scale RAPS ( remote area power supplies ) for many years .
Solar thermal ; concentrating the heat of the sun to make steam , then using this steam to drive a turbine as in coal - fired power generation .
Which is the best ?
That ’s a tough question .
They each have advantages and disadvantages and the “ best ” will depend on regional variations , resource availability and relative costs .
PV has the advantage of very simple operation .
Put it in the sun and electricity comes out .
That ’s it .
No need for moving parts , maintenance crews or sophisticated tracking mechanisms .
There ’s more efficiency to be gained by adding tracking , but it ’s not really necessary .
On the other hand , they do n’t generate much electricity per unit area compared to the other technologies , and at grid scale , tracking becomes mandatory .
I ’ve somewhat unkindly heard them described as “ 23 % efficient ; 77 % dicking around ” .
But , efficiencies are improving in labs across the world .
One company is claiming that it is on track for cost parity with coal - fired power by 2010 .
The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers think they ’re being optimistic .
Also , because they are a direct - light electricity conversion , once the sun stops hitting it , say if a cloud or very large bird passes over , the electricity production stops instantly as well .
Further , within the PV category , there are some more sophisticated technologies .
Such as concentrating solar PV , so called ‘ thin film ’ ( like Origin Energy ’s Sliver technology ) and flexible or organic PV .
The concentrating PV uses a magnifying glass or curved mirror to focus the sunlight onto a very sophisticated and small PV cell .
The goal here is twofold ; minimise the amount of silicon ( which is expensive ) and concentrate the sun , which brings efficiency benefits .
This last point is true of all technologies .
Thin - film technology pushes the boundaries of the “ minimise the silicon ” aspect , by making slivers of photovoltaic material to minimise cost .
Organic solar is cutting edge ; again , they try to minimise production costs , but instead of silicon they use organic chemistry .
The drawback is embarrassingly poor comparative efficiency numbers ( ~5 % vs. ~ 25 % for silicon PV ) .
However , research continues because the costs per unit electricity are getting close to silicon PV .
Organic PV is also useful because they can make fancy flexible films that allow some interesting military applications .
Solar thermal
Thermal in general makes use of higher temperatures and better energy reclamation over a unit area .
It is also much easier to incorporate storage into a thermal plant .
There are a bunch of different methods of doing this , broken down broadly into linear ( troughs , Fresnel ) , arrays ( tower systems , including Lloyd Energy ’s excellent carbon block storage ) and parabolic dishes ( such as this Stirling engine , one of which has the highest efficiency measured at ~ 40 % , or Wizard Power )
Most of the bigger installations worldwide are solar thermal , usually using trough - based reflectors .
Sounds expensive .
It is , but only compared to coal power , which is really cheap .
Solar thermal exploits subtle energy gradients by concentrating solar energy .
Coal power comes from digging a hole and burning what you find in the hole .
As with all of these sorts of financial analyses , they vary greatly , depending on the starting assumptions .
Here and here , you can see what I ’m talking about .
As a coarse summary , solar is somewhere in the range of 50 - 100 % more expensive than coal ( without capture and storage ) and pretty close to nuclear projections .
Translating to a carbon cost , solar would need at least $ 20 per tonne to be competitive .
OK , there ’s lots of technology .
But does it actually work in any installations outside quirky labs , research organisations and hippy communes ?
Currently , the US , Spain , Portugal and Germany are leading the solar charge .
In the US , the SEGS 1 plant has been operating , and generating useful electricity since 1984 .
This was the first stage of the massive solar energy generating system in the Mojave Desert .
This collection of plants ( there are nine ) now produce about 350 MW ; typical coal plants are 500 - 1000 MW .
In recent years , favourable government policies in Spain have led to an explosion in solar power projects .
In 2008 alone , more than 3000MW were installed , with another 1300 MW announced .
Government support , through ‘ feed - in - tariffs ’ , has changed the economics considerably for solar , so much so the government has created a maximum project size ( 50 MW ) to prevent a budget blow - out .
What about baseload ?
Wo n’t we need electricity at night and on cloudy days as well ?
Leaving aside objections to the term ‘ baseload ’ , there are a couple of ways of skinning this particular cat .
What ’s needed is energy storage ; either as heat or as electricity .
Then , during the times when electricity demand is less than electricity supply , we can store some for use later .
This technology already exists and is part of a normal electricity grid .
But , the energy storage needs are likely to increase dramatically with the introduction of more renewables .
Energy can be stored as electricity in a number of ways .
For grid scale storage they ’re mostly different types of advanced batteries .
These can be deployed anywhere in the grid .
There is also ‘ pumped - hydro ’ , good for large amounts of energy , but geographically difficult to build .
Storing energy directly as heat is a little easier and well suited to solar thermal projects .
Even a “ standard ” solar thermal plant has about an hour of storage , due to the mass of hot material ( steam ) in the system .
This is enough to ride through cloud cover , which can be a big problem for PV .
There are plants in Spain with 7.5 hours of storage , ( essentially just steam in a boiler ) which is just about enough to get them all the way through the night .
This amount of storage increases project costs by about a third , putting them in the upper ranges of solar costs .
But this has benefits for the generating company because more reliable electricity production is more valuable to electricity retailing companies .
Heat energy storage has been an area with a lot of research directed at it recently and the results are starting to improve .
Lloyd Energy has an innovative storage system that stores heat directly in 10 - tonne blocks of graphite ; this provides “ on - demand ” solar .
Wizard Power stores heat by dissociating ammonia in a reverse of the industrial classic Haber Bosch process .
I ’m a big fan of this project for two reasons ; it ’s being built in Canberra and the dish they use as a test bed could easily be modified into a death ray ( I ’ve seen it burn a hole in a ceramic heat shrouds like it was butter ) .
Can we power the whole country with the sun ?
The answer is probably yes , but there are some risks and some serious costs associated .
Professor Keith Lovegrove , a solar researcher from ANU , is fond of saying that an area about 150 x 150 km ( from this presentation ) , covered in a solar thermal power plant could power the whole country , even including storage to get through the night and average conversion efficiencies .
This is approximately the same size as greater Sydney .
But , if it ’s raining there for a few days , we ’re stuffed .
Most reports discuss the advantages of geographically spaced plants , to spread the weather chances , and a mix of generation technologies .
These would include natural gas turbines that can peak as demand ebbs and flows ; wind turbines and a smart grid .
A mix of wind and solar offers synergies when Mother Nature is playing games with us ; also high pressure over Australia means no wind , but lots of sun .
Low pressure systems bring wind and rain , but no sun .
Perfect !
Enough with the tech nonsense and caveats .
Is it the final solution or not ?
Using more evasive language , hardly anyone would advocate one generation technology and one only .
Smart energy investors will realise there are little regional variations that push the favourability of a project back and forth depending on the resources available .
With that in mind , Australia has a lot going for it with solar thermal .
Plenty of sun , bugger - all rain and sunny places where the grid already exists and people are living .
If it ’s not viable here , it ’s probably not viable anywhere .
Apologies for the Wikipedia links , but for this sort of general information it ’s perfect , albeit a little out of date on some specifics .
Evan Beaver is an engineer , recent chook owner and convicted public servant .
This post may cause trouble .
There ’s an issue that ’s been bothering me since before I began to self - identify as an atheist ( among other labels that we pigeonholers of a people like to place upon ourselves and others ) that bothered me then , but does so even more now .
I have a problem with atheists who denigrate people of faith just because they hold a faith .
There , I ’ve said it .
My mother ’s uncle turns 80 in January and he ’s a Methodist lay - minister , hobbyist philosopher , critical thinker with many interests , and is a lovely man with whom I get on famously .
Or did , until Easter when he saw the Atheist Bus Campaign sticker on the back of my car .
His immediate , unthinking reaction was to turn to me and utter , “ Oh , so you ’re one of those ? ”
By “ those ” I assumed he meant an atheist , so I said yes .
No big deal , asked and answered simply and matter - of - factly , like “ Do you like grapes ? ” and “ Yes . ”
It ’s now almost December and we ’ve only just recently managed to establish dialogue that does n’t include preloaded assumptions .
It ’s not that he would n’t talk to me anymore , but rather that everything he said , did and thought regarding me was now coloured with negative expectation : a shit - coloured filter .
As it was , this evening ’s conversation started with his enquiry about me attending Christmas lunch with them , as I ’ve done most years since moving to England .
For some reason his expectation was that now I am the A - word I ’d not participate in “ Christian festivals ” and even be antagonistic towards them .
After pointing out that on one hand nearly all Christian festivals were pagan festivals long before the Catholic church came along and usurped them , and on the other hand I recognise that it ’s human nature to participate in ceremonies and rituals of the passage of time , seasons and events , and such things possibly pre-date religion .
He ’s mollified , and Christmas is back on .
Yay , status quo .
This brings me to the point of this post .
The reality - based community with which I identify are more likely to use — and use successfully — logic , reason and critical thinking in arguments against everything ranging from philosophy to religion .
And it ’s wonderful .
I mean it .
But there a section of this community that not only antagonises people of faith ( I can intellectually understand this , if not agree entirely with ) and often does so by using logical fallacies and cognitive biases , some of which include straw man , ad hominem , false dichotomy , sampling bias , and bias blind spot .
( You ’ll probably find unintended examples of these throughout this blog ) .
I doubt you ’ll find many atheists who wo n’t challenge religious fundamentalism and zealotry with gusto , facts , science and logic .
And rightly so .
But to extend that a little , a number of atheists cannot understand how any otherwise rational and intelligent people could possibly also have religious faith — particularly if they work in a science profession — so they must clearly be deluded or poor thinkers .
And then this argument often rears its head : the religious moderate is as bad , if not worse , than the fundamentalist .
The rationale for this often being that moderation allows the presentation of an acceptable face of a brutal , primitive set of dogmas , or facilitates that faith ’s entry through an otherwise closed door .
As if , somehow , they ’re all as bad as each other .
To anyone who ’s thought about this seriously for a moment , this is clearly not true .
Yes , there are monsters in positions of power in any religion , just as there is throughout the general laity , but to caricature every member of a faith in that way is disgusting .
It makes a mockery of the critical thinking and logical arguments that person holds to be valuable and worthwhile , because that person has exercised none of it .
My great - uncle has reacted and behaved the way he has with me because of the public face of modern atheism , with its often total disregard for the feelings and sensibilities of the average person — despite the fact he ’s never seen any of those negative , judgemental or intolerant qualities in me .
In its zeal to slap down the worst of faith and try to stem the tide of stupid overtaking the world , that form of atheistic expression is harming normal people .
Those may be people who simply have not yet reached a point in their lives where they ’re able to objectively reflect upon the inconsistencies and logic problems of their own faith when compared to the world around them .
There is something of which I am unequivocally certain : this perceived New Atheist “ all guns blazing ” approach is n’t going to work .
It ’s the argumentative , brow - beating equivalent of the outlawing of religion in China and the former USSR .
How can it possibly work against faiths that get excited about martyrdom ?
And I ’m not just talking about Islam here : most major religions revel in the chance to play the oppressed , downtrodden and beaten servant of their god .
They simply say , “ I will practise my faith regardless , and any punishment I may receive will be my sacrifice to < insert deity here > , which will reap me rewards in < insert afterlife here > ! ”
Yes , it ’s awful that in the 21st century billions of the world ’s population are still slaves to Bronze Age superstitions .
But no , screeching like a banshee at your neighbour is n’t going to make them suddenly say , “ You know what … you ’ve been insulting everything I ’ve ever valued for years now , but I see it now : you ’re right ! ”
Just because something may be provably wrong , it does n’t mean that an otherwise intelligent person will see it that way — you ’re staring in the face of cognitive dissonance .
So am I advocating appeasement ?
Certainly not .
But a large number of worldwide scientific community do not consider themselves atheists .
Are they to be excluded from scientific endeavour ?
Again , certainly not .
The same is true of the average member of the public .
Religions and superstitions may be laughable and ridiculous , but they kill thousands of people every day and are not to be underestimated in terms of their importance to the people that hold them .
And some of those people may love you and be hurt deeply whenever , by inference , you call them imbeciles .
Unfortunately , I do n’t know what the solution is — or even if there is one , at least that does n’t involve totalitarianism — but I am certain that the lumping of people like my great - uncle in the same basket as a religious terrorist is wrong .
And yet I see it every day in the atheist blogs I read , and in the other atheistic and even new media I consume : the deliberate misrepresentation of members of a faith as if they ’re all as bad as the worst public figure in that faith .
It ’s wrong and it has to stop .
The woman at the epicenter of a Texas filmmaker ’s crusade against allegedly corrupt police may soon be freed thanks to a federal judge ’s decision to vacate her sentence .
Yolanda Madden , who was jailed in 2005 after being convicted of possession of and intent to distribute narcotics , was the reason that Barry Cooper came to Odessa , Texas last December .
After being hired to embarrass the local police by Yolanda ’s father Raymond , Cooper set up a fake marijuana grow house and baited officers to stage an illegal raid .
When they did , police were confronted by an empty house and lots of cameras , with a hand - written poster explaining they had become part of a new reality show called “ KopBusters ” .
ADVERTISEMENT
For Yolanda , the stunt was just the beginning of efforts to secure her freedom .
Cooper and Madden ’s father insist Odessa officers planted the narcotics she was jailed for .
At a Thursday evidentiary hearing , U.S. District Court Judge Robert Junell granted a motion to “ vacate , set aside , or correct ” Yolanda ’s sentence , effectively guaranteeing a new trial and possibly her freedom , according to CBS 7 in Odessa .
Madden has previously lost an appeal before the fifth circuit court .
That decision is available here .
[ PDF link ]
“ We have proof that neither one of the cops were at where they said they were , ” Raymond Madden told the CBS affiliate .
Cooper , a long - time drug officer who turned against prohibition and became an activist , claims Madden ’s arresting officers were his former partners .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The lead investigator , Officer Greg Traveland , claimed he took a verbal confession from Yolanda at the police station when he was actually miles away booking informant , Keith Phillips , into jail , ” Cooper wrote on his Web site .
Cooper and Madden ’s attorneys allege that to cover his tracks , Traveland then altered Phillips ’ booking paperwork to make it appear that a now - deceased officer had brought the man in .
“ I know it ’s been hard on her to be away from her family but we ’re looking forward to getting her smiles and her hugs , ” Madden ’s grandmother told CBS .
ADVERTISEMENT
Cooper , who recently helped officers from Combine , Texas arrest a former police chief accused of soliciting minors , said he plans more high - profile stings soon .
This video was broadcast by CBS 7 in Odessa on Dec. 11 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video was broadcast by CBS 7 in Odessa on Nov. 25 , 2009 .
De la Rosa set to be 2nd Sauber driver , Heidfeld discarded
By The Offsider
January 3 2010
Spanish driver Pedro Martinez de la Rosa , to the date test and third driver of Mclaren - Mercedes , is about to be confirmed as the partner of Kamui Kobayashi in the Sauber team .
As we announced in this article the 2nd driver of the Hinwil - based squad is on the verge to be signed .
Now , going into further in - depth , we can inform that Peter Sauber has dropped Nick Heidfeld out of the list , with the " experienced man " believed to be the Spaniard Pedro Martinez de la Rosa .
According to Peter Sauber this driver will spring a surprise - well , not to us !- and is a man who will bring new ideas and new knowledge to the team ; and if that was n't clear enough , Peter discards again Nick Heidfeld when asked specifically about him .
The original interview can be found at : http://www.nzz.ch/nachrichten/sport/aktuell/ich_wuerde_das_wieder_machen_1.4421319.html
From what we have been told
De la Rosa is being backed by a Spanish financial entity , believed to be the giant Santander , although another source has told it could rather be a Catalan entity - La Caixa - ; in either way , the backing figure is expected to be of around 4 millions Euros , which would be very welcome at Hinwil .
Nevertheless , we hear that this was not the main deciding factor for Peter Sauber .
View a Printer Friendly version of this Story .
Bookmark or share this story with : Digg
Digg Delicious
Delicious Facebook
Facebook Reddit
Reddit Stumbleupon
Stumbleupon Tweet
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
It ’s official : climate legislation has zero chance of passing before the big summit in Copenhagen this December .
Many observers have assumed this for a while , though some ( myself included ) were hanging on to a shred of hope that senators could produce something in time for the meeting .
But on Tuesday Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said he would direct the Environmental Protection Agency to conduct a full run of studies after he combines the various components of climate and energy legislation into a single bill .
The EPA says this process will take about five weeks .
Copenhagen kicks off on Dec. 7 , just 32 days from now .
If the Environment and Public Works committee ( EPW ) could approve a bill before Copenhagen , that would be better than nothing .
But right now even that prospect looks dicey , since Republicans are boycotting the markup .
The committee ’s head , Sen. Barbara Boxer , could technically forge ahead without them , since the chair pretty much gets to set the rules .
And with a 12 - 7 Democratic majority , she does n’t actually need Republican votes to pass a bill .
But some worry that this approach would widen the partisan divide over the issue , giving moderate Republicans and Democrats in the wider Senate yet another excuse to vote against the measure .
But even if Boxer ’s committee does pass the bill , several other panels still need to weigh in before the legislation is ready for EPA review and then a vote in the full Senate .
Only Energy and Natural Resources has passed its component so far .
Finance , Agriculture , and possibly Commerce could stake a claim — and none have even scheduled any markups yet .
Now Commerce chair Sen. John Rockefeller ( D - W.Va . ) is arguing that his panel should wait to do so until after the 2010 midterm elections .
Without the urgency imposed by the Copenhagen deadline , any little momentum that the climate bill had could disappear very fast .
PARIS ( Reuters ) - Many people love horses and traditionally , many French people have loved them even more with a side of salad .
That passion , however , has slowed to a trickle in the last couple of years as crisis - hit French consumers buy less meat and years of campaigning by animal rights groups take effect .
Looking to ram home their advantage , campaigners have launched a pre-Christmas blitz in Paris featuring posters of riding school ponies and graceful yearlings aimed at rending the hardest of hearts .
“ Every year in France , riding school horses like Caramel are sent to the abattoir , ” says one poster by the Fondation Brigitte Bardot , featuring a photo of a perky grey pony reflected in a knife blade .
“ It disturbs us that people continue to eat horses at all and we are going to go on campaigning until people stop eating it altogether , ” said Constance Cluset , a spokeswoman for the animal welfare group created by the former actress .
Last year , 15,820 horses were killed for their meat in France , of which over 7,000 were imported from abroad .
The group , whose campaign was timed to coincide with a horse fair , is pushing for a legislative bill to modify horses ’ legal status to companion from production - type animals such as sheep .
While horse meat is traditionally cheaper than other animals , the financial crisis has only pushed consumers to buy more chicken , according to French agriculture ministry figures .
Consumption of horse meat has fallen 12 percent in the last two years and currently makes up less than 1 percent of all meat consumed in France , the ministry said in a report .
And while only a few years ago horse meat was relatively easy to find , now it takes more time to track it down .
“ Horse is indeed a French dish , but you ’d be very hard - pressed to find it in any restaurants now , ” said the chef at restaurant Le Central in Paris , adding : “ There ’s so much publicity against it . ”
Accounts vary on how France first took to eating equines .
Some historians say the country ’s appetite for horse meat dates from the Battle of Eylau in 1807 , when the chief surgeon of Napoleon ’s army advised famished soldiers to feast on fallen horses on the battlefield .
The story adds that the cavalry cooked the trusted steeds using their breastplates as cooking pans .
Cable 's alleged temper has been in the news since August , when Oakland assistant coach Randy Hanson accused Cable of breaking his jaw during an altercation in a coaches meeting .
On Oct. 22 , Napa County district attorney Gary Lieberstein said he would not pursue charges against Cable , citing inconsistencies in Hanson 's story that were not corroborated by the three assistants in the room at the time .
But the two women interviewed by " Outside The Lines " say that Cable , in his first full season as the Raiders ' head coach , physically abused them at various times during their relationships .
In 1989 , Sandy Cable sought a temporary order of protection , which said , in part , " On two occasions , one back in ' 86 and the other in ' 88 , he hit me .
The second time in the face , however on attempts to call law enforcement , my husband would rip the phone out of the wall . "
A third woman , Cable 's second wife Glenda , said in documents related to the couple 's 2008 divorce that " in the past he has been physically and verbally abusive to me . "
Glenda and Tom Cable were married for 17 years .
She declined to speak to " Outside The Lines " , but is currently receiving support payments from Cable .
Glenda Cable 's attorney on Saturday issued a statement to OTL which contradicted the statements in the divorce documents .
" I have known Tom Cable for more than 20 years , including 17 years of marriage , " Glenda Cable said in the statement .
" Throughout the time I have known him , Tom has never been violent to me or our children .
I chose not to speak to the media before now to protect my privacy and that of my children .
However , I am very troubled by what is being claimed by others and I felt compelled to speak out about my own lengthy experience with Tom . "
Lutz , who dated Cable as recently as January 2009 , said she remembers Cable hitting her " three , four times . "
She described a scene in a car after they left a restaurant where " [ Cable ] just got so angry I could not recognize him . "
Last Jan. 6 , Lutz said she came to Cable 's house early in the morning and found another woman there .
According to a police report from Alameda , Calif. , Lutz became " very upset " and " demanded to meet the woman . "
Lutz told police that after an altercation , Cable " grabbed her by the left arm , causing her to fall to the ground " and " eventually pick[ed ] her up and pushed her out the front door . "
Lutz went to the emergency room and was treated for back pain and a contusion .
Lutz also told police Cable had grabbed her by the neck several months earlier .
She did not press charges with any police jurisdictions .
Cable remarried in May , according to a statement issued on Carol Cable 's behalf by Tom Cable 's attorney .
In the statement , Carol Cable said she was the woman in Cable 's house the morning of Jan. 6 when Lutz showed up unannounced .
Even though Carol Cable told Alameda police that she did not see Lutz that morning , according to a police report , Carol Cable now says she heard her getting angry .
" I was present at Tom 's house when Marie Lutz came to the house in January of this year , " her statement reads , in part .
" At approximately 5 a.m. , we heard someone pounding very loudly on the front door and ringing the doorbell over and over again .
" When Tom opened the door , Ms. Lutz told him she needed to talk to him , that she needed his help , and begged him to let her into the house , " the statement said .
" After she entered the house , the two of them had a verbal exchange .
At no time did Tom commit any act of violence toward her .
After not getting what she wanted from Tom , Ms. Lutz screamed at Tom ' I am going to ruin your [ expletive deleted ] life and I am going to ruin your [ expletive deleted ] career if it is the last thing I ever do . ' "
Sandy Cable told OTL that she called the police when she was married to him , but she did n't receive any support from local law enforcement officers in Idaho , where they lived .
" I was quite young , did n't understand the system , " she said .
" This was prior to domestic abuse being a big issue ... before mandatory arrest laws . "
Sandy Cable said that , when she and Tom Cable broke up , she suggested counseling .
" That angered him even further , " she said .
Through his attorneys , Cable declined to comment earlier .
On Sunday , he released a statement through his agent and attorney Donald Yee , saying " on only one occasion in my life have I ever touched a woman inappropriately . "
" More than 20 years ago , during my first marriage , I became aware that my wife Sandy had committed adultery .
I became very angry and slapped her with an open hand .
What I did was wrong and I have regretted and felt sorrow about that moment ever since , " Cable said in his statement . " ...
The incident involving Ms. Lutz , in which she came to my home uninvited , was fully investigated by the Alameda Police Department and I cooperated fully with that investigation .
I never battered her in any way .
The police concluded , correctly , that I had done nothing wrong and that was the end of the matter . "
Sandy Cable followed up her former husband 's statement with her own Sunday , saying , " He constantly made accusations throughout the relationship .
There was never any infidelity on my part .
And he did not slap me , he punched me . "
After Sunday 's game , Cable was asked if these off - field issues wear on him .
" Who knows , maybe they 're tied together , " Cable said .
" You know that 's really all I can say about it .
Like I said , I gave an earlier statement that was released and I 'm going to stand by it . "
The NFL had been considering whether to discipline Cable under the league 's personal conduct policy , which specifically identifies workplace violence .
League spokesman Greg Aiello issued a statement Sunday saying the NFL would review the matters " in conjunction with the Raiders and consistent with our personal conduct policy . "
The Raiders had no comment before Sunday 's game .
" We 've got nothing to say right now , " Raiders senior executive John Hererra said .
Cable , 44 , was the Raiders ' offensive line coach in 2007 - 08 but took over as head coach when Lane Kiffin was fired four weeks into the 2008 season .
He broke into the NFL in 2007 as an offensive line coach with the Atlanta Falcons .
Cable coached at eight universities between 1987 and 2005 , including four seasons as head coach at the University of Idaho .
Cable had been accused of assaulting and threatening to kill Hanson at a meeting at the team 's training camp hotel in Napa , Calif . , on Aug .
5 . Hanson was treated for a broken jaw following the incident .
Hanson reportedly did not want to press charges when he went to the hospital , but officials contacted local authorities .
When interviewed , Raiders assistant coaches John Marshall , Lionel Washington and Willie Brown did not back Hanson 's version of events , telling investigators that Cable did not punch Hanson or make any verbal threats .
Lieberstein , in declining to prosecute Cable , said the coaches told police that Cable became angry and rushed toward Hanson , but Washington stepped between the two .
Cable ran into Washington , who bumped into Hanson and knocked him out of his chair .
The witnesses also told authorities that Cable then grabbed Hanson by the shirt but never struck or threatened him .
Why are Sandy Cable and Lutz talking now ?
Sandy Cable told " Outside the Lines " she spoke up " because it continues to happen . "
Lutz said she wants Cable to get help for his anger .
" This is the reason why I 'm here now , " Lutz said .
Information from ESPN reporter Colleen Dominguez and The Associated Press was included in this report .
Paula Lavigne , a reporter for ESPN 's Enterprise Unit , also contributed .
Shares
As 2009 comes to an end , it seems that everyone is creating year - in - review lists .
I thought I ’d jump on the list band wagon and offer my purely subjective top 5 threats to rational thought in healthcare and medicine .
Of course , it strikes me as rather ironic that we ’re having this discussion – who knew that medicine could be divorced from science in the first place ?
I thought the two went hand - in - hand , like a nice antigen and its receptor … and yet , here we are , on the verge of tremendous technological breakthroughs ( thanks to advances in our understanding of molecular genetics , immunology , and biochemistry , etc. ) , faced with a growing number of people who prefer to resort to placebo - based remedies ( such as heavy - metal laced herbs or vigorously shaken water ) and Christian Science Prayer .
And so , without further ado , here ’s my list of the top 5 threats to science in medicine for 2009 and beyond :
# 1 : Congress
Money is the most powerful gasoline that can be poured on the fire of pseudoscience .
And thanks to Senator Tom Harkin , and a few merry enablers , there is now legislation in the Senate healthcare reform bill that would allocate tax dollars to disproven and unproven medical therapies .
Healthcare providers recognized by CMS will include alternative medicine practitioners – many of whom can meet licensing requirements with online degrees from schools that do not teach actual science .
They will be eligible to become primary care providers , use “ doctor ” in their self - designation , and do untold harm to patients nationwide through misdiagnosis and mistreatment .
Please refer to this post for detailed amendment language , and for goodness sake – call your congressman or woman and ask them to move to strike this language from the reconciled house and senate bills before it becomes law .
Seriously .
Go call them NOW .
# 2 : Mainstream Media
For some reason , snake oil has captured the imagination of the mainstream media .
Thanks to people like Oprah and the major news networks , there is a steady parade of pseudoscientific poppy cock being spoon fed to the public .
And because of the lack of critical thinking taught in schools , Americans ( on average ) have a 6th grade understanding of medicine .
They have a hard time distinguishing science from pseudoscience , and with the constant barrage of miracle cures , “ scientific ” breakthroughs , and conspiracy theories about anything that actually works ( e.g. vaccines ) .
They have become skeptical of science while often totally accepting of snake oil .
Before we become completely despairing of any sliver of health enlightenment reaching the public through mainstream media – let ’s recall that 2009 brought us a handful of journalists willing to stand up for truth and critical thinking .
Newsweek ’s Weston Kosova , the Associated Press ’ Marilynn Marchione , Wired ’s Amy Wallace , Chicago Tribune ’s Trine Tsouderos , and The Washington Post ’s Clive Thompson deserve praise and encouragement for standing up for science .
# 3 : Academic Medical Centers
Often referred to by David Gorski as “ Quackademic ” Medical Centers – there is a growing trend among these centers to accept endowments for “ integrative ” approaches to medical care .
Because of the economic realities of decreasing healthcare reimbursements – these once proud defenders of science are now accepting money to “ study ” implausible and often disproven medical treatments because they ’re trendy .
Scientists at these centers are forced to look the other way while patients ( who trust the center ’s reputation that took tens of decades to build ) are exposed to placebo medicine under the guise of “ holistic ” healthcare .
I believe that patients are crying out for compassionate care – for more time with their providers , more dignity in their choices , and more participation in their care .
In my opinion , these needs can and should be met by science - based professionals who offer patients the truth about the strengths and limitations of their options – there is no need to fill this emotional need with false cures and placebo treatments , and spin it as if the patient is getting better “ integrated ” care .
Quackademic medicine is neither compassionate nor scientifically honest .
It ’s just a complex new way of providing placebo care to patients who need some common human kindness .
#4 : NCCAM
Even though we ’ve invested $ 2.5 billion tax payer dollars and 10 + years of time on studying complementary and alternative medicines – we have discovered NO single breakthrough in medical treatment as a result .
Not only does this Institute appear to be a real waste of scarce resources , but In fact , the TACT trial ( in particular ) offers a stark example of the unethical practices that can arise when vigorous scientific standards are not met .
Thanks to Dr. Atwood ’s diligent review , we have a clear understanding of the shenanigans at play :
The NIH approved a research study ( called the TACT Trial – Trial to Assess Chelation Therapy – a supposed treatment for arteriosclerosis ) in which the treatment had no evidence for potential benefit , and clear evidence of potential harm – and even the risk of death .
Amazingly , the researchers neglected to mention this risk in their informed consent document .
The NIH awarded $ 30 million of our tax dollars to ~100 researchers to enroll 2000 patients in this risky study ( ongoing from 2003 - present ) .
Even more astounding is the fact that several of the researchers have been disciplined for substandard practices by state medical boards ; several have been involved in insurance fraud ; at least 3 are convicted felons .
Many have called for defunding the NCCAM , and that certainly seems like a reasonable request under the circumstances of such a low ROI and ethical breaches .
# 5 : New Media
Just as mainstream media is beginning to fade in its influence and popularity , online and “ new ” media are making exponential leaps in influence .
The Huffington Post and Age Of Autism are two strongholds of health misinformation that come to mind .
Of course , “ user generated content ” and unvetted health advice and claims are easily made by anyone anytime .
And thanks to the magic of Google , a health claim need only be popular to be promoted .
Truth , accuracy , and scientific rigor are n’t always rewarded in this brave new world of digital influence .
Being right has been uncoupled from being influential .
The “ wisdom of crowds ” now decides what people see first when they attempt to educate themselves about health matters .
And so , dear readers of Science - Based Medicine , we face formidable foes in our quest for honesty and integrity in medicine .
I predict that the next decade will favor the organized , not the accurate .
And so with that in mind , let us strive towards building our network of critical thinkers ( in the government , media , research and clinical centers , and online ) , organizing our efforts to promote science and rational thought .
We ’ll each need to channel our inner “ community organizer ” to counter the pseudoscience movement .
And we can win this , because in the end …
Science works .
Science works .
The Top 5 Threats To Science In Medicine
As we wind down 2009 , the Internet is filled with lists – the best and worst of 2009 , top 10 holiday recipes ( or weight loss tips ) , and predictions for the future .
So I thought I ’d jump on the list band wagon and offer my purely subjective top 5 threats to rational thought in healthcare and medicine .
Of course , it strikes me as rather ironic that we ’re having this discussion – who knew that medicine could be divorced from science in the first place ?
I thought the two went hand - in - hand , like a nice antigen and its receptor … and yet , here we are , on the verge of tremendous technological breakthroughs ( thanks to advances in our understanding of molecular genetics , immunology , and biochemistry , etc. ) , faced with a growing number of those who would like to do away with these advances and resort to placebo - based remedies ( such as heavy - metal laced herbs or vigorously shaken water ) and Christian Science Prayer .
People are weird .
And so , without further ado , here ’s my list of the top 5 threats to science in medicine for 2009 and beyond :
# 1 : Congress
Money is the most powerful gasoline that can be poured on the proponents of pseudoscience ’s fire .
And thanks to Senator Tom Harkin , and a few merry enablers , there is now legislation in the Senate healthcare reform bill that would allocate tax dollars to disproven and unproven medical therapies .
Healthcare providers recognized by CMS will include alternative medicine practitioners – many of whom can meet licensing requirements with online degrees from schools that do not teach actual science .
They will be eligible to become primary care providers , use “ doctor ” in their self - designation , and do untold harm to patients nationwide through misdiagnosis and mistreatment .
Please refer to this post for detailed amendment language , and for goodness sake – call your congressman or woman and ask them to move to strike this language from the reconciled house and senate bills before it becomes law .
Seriously .
Go call them NOW .
# 2 : Mainstream Media
For some reason , snake oil has captured the imagination of the mainstream media .
Thanks to people like Oprah and the major news networks , there is a steady parade of pseudoscientific poppy cock being spoon fed to the public .
And because of the lack of critical thinking taught in schools , Americans ( on average ) have a 6th grade understanding of medicine .
They have a hard time distinguishing science from pseudoscience , and with the constant barrage of miracle cures , “ scientific ” breakthroughs , and conspiracy theories about anything that actually works ( e.g. vaccines ) .
They have become skeptical of science while totally accepting of snake oil .
Before we become completely despairing of any fraction of health enlightenment reaching the public through mainstream media – let ’s recall that 2009 brought us a handful of journalists willing to stand up for truth and critical thinking .
Newsweek ’s , the Associated Press ’ , Wired ’s , Chicago Tribune ’s and The Washington Post ’s deserve praise and encouragement for standing up for science .
# 3 : Academic Medical Centers
Often referred to by David Gorski as “ Quackademic ” Medical Centers – there is a growing trend among these centers to accept endowments for “ integrative ” approaches to medical care .
Because of the economic realities of decreasing healthcare reimbursements – these once
Peta Todd , Kitty Lea , Lindsey Strutt , Eva Wyrwal and Emily naked for Nuts
Peta Todd , Kitty Lea , Lindsey Strutt , Eva Wyrwal and Emily posing for NUTS ,
five amazing natural busty beauties just for your eyes only …
These famous busty babes are getting excited and topless in this steaming hot video …
Watch the latest penthouse pets and their movies !
Hot As Hell !
Enjoy and download the hottest babes on the planet .. NOW !
Watch the latest penthouse pets and their movies !
Hot As Hell !
Enjoy and download the hottest babes on the planet .. NOW !
_
Search Engine Optimization Grow your business with Search Engine Optimization
We design smart campaigns focussed on customer intent and technical SEO
Web Analytics Service
Web analytics agency to ensure correct and consistent reporting Use our Google Analytics certified team for web analytics audits , custom reports and dashboards and for Analytics and Tag manager migrations .
User Experience Design Developing innovative user experiences with engaging user - centric designs
We create meaningful user experiences for web , mobile and wearables with research , design , testing , and continuous learning .
Pay - per-click Marketing ROI - focussed paid media campaigns for your business
We design and manage marketing , advertising and media campaigns .
Our effective paid media strategies lower the cost of acquisition at scale .
Content Marketing Strategy Creative content ideas to attract and influence your customers
We design content marketing campaigns for influencer engagement , content distribution and customer growth .
A simple program which checks Python source files for errors .
Pyflakes analyzes programs and detects various errors .
It works by parsing the source file , not importing it , so it is safe to use on modules with side effects .
It ’s also much faster .
It is available on PyPI and it supports all active versions of Python : 2.7 and 3.4 to 3.7 .
Installation
It can be installed with : $ pip install -- upgrade pyflakes Useful tips :
Be sure to install it for a version of Python which is compatible with your codebase : for Python 2 , pip2 install pyflakes and for Python3 , pip3 install pyflakes .
and for Python3 , .
You can also invoke Pyflakes with python3 -m pyflakes .
or python2 -m pyflakes .
if you have it installed for both versions .
or if you have it installed for both versions .
If you require more options and more flexibility , you could give a look to Flake8 too .
Design Principles
Pyflakes makes a simple promise : it will never complain about style , and it will try very , very hard to never emit false positives .
Pyflakes is also faster than Pylint or Pychecker .
This is largely because Pyflakes only examines the syntax tree of each file individually .
As a consequence , Pyflakes is more limited in the types of things it can check .
If you like Pyflakes but also want stylistic checks , you want flake8 , which combines Pyflakes with style checks against PEP 8 and adds per-project configuration ability .
Mailing - list
Share your feedback and ideas : subscribe to the mailing - list
Contributing Issues are tracked on GitHub .
Patches may be submitted via a GitHub pull request or via the mailing list if you prefer .
If you are comfortable doing so , please rebase your changes so they may be applied to master with a fast - forward merge , and each commit is a coherent unit of work with a well - written log message .
If you are not comfortable with this rebase workflow , the project maintainers will be happy to rebase your commits for you .
All changes should include tests and pass flake8 .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States wants Afghan President Hamid Karzai to arrest and prosecute corrupt government officials and take other concrete measures to shore up his legitimacy , the top U.S. military officer said on Wednesday , suggesting such steps were key to a troop increase .
Afghanistan 's President Hamid Karzai speaks during a news conference in Kabul November 3 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Ahmad Masood
Washington believes a successful counterinsurgency strategy hinges on winning Afghan public support for the government in Kabul and sidelining the Taliban .
But Admiral Mike Mullen , chairman of the U.S. military ’s Joint Chiefs of Staff , said the re-elected president ’s legitimacy among the Afghan people was “ at best , in question right now and , at worst , does n’t exist . ”
Describing Washington as “ extremely concerned ” both by rampant corruption and Karzai ’s public standing , Mullen said a housecleaning was needed at all levels of government and should be spearheaded by the president .
Karzai emerged this week as the victor more than two months after a fraud - marred presidential election and a resurgent Taliban prompted a White House war strategy review .
“ He ’s got to take concrete steps to eliminate corruption , ” Mullen said .
“ That means that you have to rid yourself of those who are corrupt , you have to actually arrest and prosecute them .
You have to show those visible signs .
“ If we do n’t get a level of legitimacy and governance , then all the troops in the world are n’t going to make any difference , ” Mullen told a conference in Washington .
After weeks of internal deliberations , President Barack Obama ’s advisers appear to be moving toward a hybrid war strategy combining counterinsurgency with counterterrorism in Afghanistan that would entail a troop increase next year .
With an announcement still expected to be weeks away , the biggest question remaining is just how many more troops and trainers Obama will decide to deploy , officials say .
The leading options under consideration would add at least 10,000 to 15,000 troops .
General Stanley McChrystal , commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan , has recommended adding about 40,000 troops , on top of the 67,000 U.S. troops and 42,000 allied forces currently there .
LONG FIGHT AGAINST CORRUPTION
Defense Secretary Robert Gates , a strong advocate of continuing a counterinsurgency strategy , has made clear that a decision on sending more troops cannot be put on hold until questions about Afghan government legitimacy and corruption have been resolved .
“ The legitimacy question , the competency question , is one that ’s not going to be answered with the outcome of an election .
It ’s one that ’s going to take weeks , months , if not years to solve , ” said Pentagon press secretary Geoff Morrell .
Lengthy deployments in Iraq and Afghanistan have put an enormous strain on the U.S. military but Mullen said “ right now I do n’t see us getting near a tipping point . ”
The war in Afghanistan began in 2001 and the war in Iraq started in 2003 .
Mullen acknowledged that the United States would have to bear the brunt of any sizable troop increase , saying , “ I do n’t think it ’s very realistic to think NATO is going to add thousands and thousands of troops .
“ But it ’s not just about troops , ” Mullen said , citing the need for more trainers to expand the Afghan police force and improve government ministries .
Obama had promised to incorporate war spending in the regular budget process but Mullen said he saw the need for a supplemental spending bill to fund the war .
Mullen said Karzai , who was assured of another term this month when his main rival dropped out of the run-off , should ensure good governance extended from Kabul to the provinces .
The United States and its allies want Karzai to make merit - based appointments in key ministries and not to reward cronies who supported him in the election .
Washington also wants him to establish an anti-corruption commission to investigate top officials as part of a pact in which he also would give greater authority to local and provincial leaders .
“ There ’s huge frustration ” among the Afghan public that needs to be addressed by Karzai , Mullen said , adding : “ It is really up to him . ”
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The Animal House antics of ArmorGroup North America ’s guards have cost the company its 5 - year , $ 189 million State Department contract to protect the US embassy in Kabul .
Following a months - long review , the agency has decided it wo n’t renew the contract , as it has done for the past two years , when it comes due in June , according to State Department spokesman Fred Lash .
“ The department ’s Office of Aquisitions Managment , Bureau of Diplomatic Security , and Embassy Kabul reviewed the contract and concurred that the next option year should not be excercised and that work should begin immediately to compete a new contract , ” Lash told me .
This turn of events wo n’t come as much of a surprise to anyone who ’s viewed the lewd pictures of the company ’s personnel engaged in all manner of bacchanalian behavior .
But the real question is why it took an international incident for the State Department to remove AGNA from the embassy job in the first place .
Serious complaints about AGNA ’s performance emerged almost as soon as the company took over security at the embassy in the summer of 2007 .
That July , the State Department sent the first of at least nine warnings to the company , this one noting that “ deficiencies ” in AGNA ’s work were of such magnitude that “ the security of the U.S. Embassy in Kabul is in jeopardy . ”
For nearly two years , the agency continued to warn ANGA repeatedly about its performance and even threatened to replace the company , yet twice renewed the contract .
Worse still , according to a lawsuit filed by AGNA ’s former director of operations , James Gordon , the State Department was alerted way back in June 2007 that AGNA recruits were engaging in the very same variety of “ lewd , aberrant , and sexually deviant behavior ” that ultimately ended up embarassing the Obama adminstration in September , after the Project on Government Oversight exposed a pattern of misconduct and performance lapses by the company in a letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .
“ The State Department seems to be holding this Embassy security contractor accountable , ” POGO ’s executive director , Danielle Brian , said in a statement .
“ But State will need a real culture change before it can provide adequate oversight of these complex and challenging contracts . ”
ArmorGroup employees were informed of the State Department ’s decision on Monday in an email that was obtained by POGO and written by Frank Schaddellee , the deputy project manager at Camp Sullivan , where ArmorGroup ’s personnel live ( and , prior to the embassy scandal , held wild parties ) .
“ Changing out contractors is primarily a political decision based on the unfortunate and embarrassing events that occurred here several months ago , ” Schaddelee wrote .
“ There are serious consequences when things like that happen . ”
Follow Daniel Schulman on Twitter .
It is not too late for President Barack Obama to follow the example of Harry Truman , who fired the famous Gen. Douglas MacArthur in 1951 for insubordination .
Then , as now , the stakes were high .
Then it was Korea ; now it is Afghanistan .
In my view , Obama should fire Gen. Stanley McChrystal .
In that showdown nearly six decades ago , President Truman and his advisers were preparing to engage North Korea and China in peace negotiations when MacArthur , commander of the U.N. forces in Korea , issued an unauthorized statement containing a veiled threat to expand the war into China .
MacArthur was playing a back - channel game to win the support of like - minded Republican congressmen to expand the war , but Truman faced him down .
With the support of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , as well as the Secretaries of State and Defense , Truman rose to the occasion and fired the distinguished " old soldier . "
Today , Gen. McChrystal is conducting a subtler but equally insubordinate campaign for a wider war in Afghanistan , with the backing of CENTCOM commander David Petraeus .
It is clear in retrospect that President Obama either should not have appointed McChrystal or should have at least taken the telegenic general to the woodshed regarding leaks of his troop recommendations , rather than inviting him to confer quietly on Air Force One seven weeks ago .
McChrystal ’s continuing defiance shines through gratuitous remarks by NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen at a NATO meeting on Nov. 17 in Edinburgh .
Siding with McChrystal , Petraeus and Joint Chiefs Chairman Mike Mullen in the debate over sending more forces to Afghanistan , Rasmussen announced that NATO will soon dispatch " substantially more forces . "
Rasmussen promised " new momentum " behind the military campaign , adding , " I ’m confident it will be a counter - insurgency approach , " which is what McChrystal says he needs an additional 40,000 American troops to undertake .
But here ’s the thing : Rasmussen ’s past behavior makes it abundantly clear that , on such matters , the only tea leaves he reads are the ones given him by those he concludes wield the real power in Washington .
Besides , he was one of George W. Bush ’s best buddies in the days of " shock and awe . "
Sycophantic Backer
As Denmark ’s Prime Minister ( 2001 - 2009 ) , Rasmussen was one of Bush ’s most reliable sycophants — particularly when it came to the war on Iraq .
Although amply warned by Danish intelligence officers of the deceptive nature of the U.S. case for war , he shunned them and outdid himself in cheerleading for war .
For example , while Danish intelligence professionals told then - Prime Minister Rasmussen there was very little evidence that Iraq had " weapons of mass destruction , " he decided to take his cue from the neocons in Washington .
On the day before the invasion of Iraq , he told the Danish Parliament :
" Iraq has weapons of mass destruction .
This is not something we just believe .
We know . "
Thus , Rasmussen has a long record of bowing before what he perceives are the power centers in Washington .
And his perception now ?
Apparently it is that the real power ai n’t in the White House this time ; it ’s in the Pentagon .
As Rasmussen now as NATO Secretary General was announcing what he called the plan to send " substantially more forces " to Afghanistan , President Obama , in Beijing struck a defensive tone in telling CBS News , " I think that Gen. McChrystal shares the same goal I do . "
Wait a second ; he thinks ?
Granted the President has a lot on his plate , and he is to be applauded for the deliberate pace he has set on making big decisions about Afghanistan , but he is projecting the image of Mr. Milquetoast — a highly educated , well - spoken wuss on many key issues .
This is not only damaging with foreign adversaries ; it gives the U.S. military and his domestic political rivals the idea that he is a slow - moving lightweight , who can either be pushed around or easily evaded when it comes to issues on which they are deeply engaged — like Afghanistan .
Even with respect to Rasmussen himself , Obama was warned about the former Danish prime minister ’s subservience to Bush and the neocons , and yet did nothing to prevent Rasmussen from becoming NATO Secretary General .
Obama also is caving in on the issue of Israeli settlements in occupied Palestinian areas .
In a plaintive , powerless tone , Obama told Fox News on Nov. 18 : " Well , there is no doubt that I have n’t been able to stop the settlements . "
As for his domestic priority of health care , he has not been heard to protest as the draft legislation falls far short of his original objectives .
Kid Gloves for Karzai
In the same acquiescent tone , Obama ’s senior policy people are telling the Washington Post that U.S. officials , from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on down , have " turned on the charm " with Afghan President Hamid Karzai .
According to the Post , the administration has decided that its tough approach to Karzai was counterproductive , " fueling stress and anger in a beleaguered , conspiracy - minded leader whom the U.S. government needs as a partner . "
The Post article says that criticism of the earlier approach is most pronounced among senior U.S. military leaders , who complain about the failure of the State Department to " fix " Karzai ’s government .
Sensitive to that kind of charge , Secretary Clinton reportedly is said to have urged Karzai " to use merit , not cronyism , as a criteria ( sic ) for filling cabinet posts , " according to the Post .
That should take care of that , I suppose .
This may be part of what the Post ‘s hard - right columnist , Michael Gerson , had in mind in his Friday op - ed , entitled " Obama the Undecider , " as he criticized " a dysfunctional Afghan decision - making process . "
More to the point , Gerson reported that Gen. McChrystal is feeling " stabbed in the back " by the leak of two classified messages from U.S. Ambassador Karl Eikenberry arguing against troop increases .
Gerson , actually , makes a valid point in summing up Obama ’s dilemma .
Depending on his ultimate decision , the President " will be vulnerable to charges of buckling to military pressure or disregarding the advice of his commanders . "
The sooner President Obama accepts that there is no win -win solution to his dilemma , the better .
Right - wing pressure , including from Robert Gates , the defense secretary Obama kept on from the Bush administration , will not abate .
At a press conference on Thursday , Gates , who reportedly favors sending 30,000 more troops to Afghanistan , made it seem like a foregone conclusion that the President will opt ( has opted ) to escalate .
" I anticipate that as soon as the President makes his decision , we can probably begin flowing some forces pretty quickly after that , " Gates said .
Adm .
Mullen was even more specific :
" We think we have a way ahead .
But as the secretary said , it ’s not going to be five brigades – it ’s not going to be a brigade a month because of the infrastructure piece – the ability to receive it , literally , in Afghanistan . "
Pundit Certainty
Most pundits already had concluded , even before the Gates - Mullen remarks , that the basic decision to send more troops was a done deal , that the only question remaining is how many can be sent and how fast , and that Obama ’s continuing consultation with senior advisers is some kind of charade .
They may be right .
I ’m not completely sure .
However , if the President is , as he claimed this week , " angrier than Bob Gates about the leaks " regarding Afghanistan deliberations , I would think his anger would extend to the feeding of talking points to the likes of Rasmussen .
There remains a chance , I believe , that Obama may decide to stop letting himself be pushed around .
However , if Obama does not put a decisive end to McChrystal ’s politicking , and does not remonstrate with Rasmussen , we can conclude that the pundits are right .
If so , and if the troop increase is substantial , disaster looms both on the battlefields of Afghanistan and in the power corridors of Washington .
The future expectation would be that when the chips are down , Obama wo n’t be a Truman or a Kennedy , both of whom had the guts to face down the Pentagon by rebuffing military demands for wider wars .
It would be hard to write a Profile in Courage for one who bowed as low to his opinionated — but myopic — generals , as he did , physically , to the Japanese emperor , de rigueur , last Saturday .
The " transfer cases " ( the Washington Post ‘s euphemism for coffins carrying soldiers ’ remains ) would continue to arrive in Delaware .
By expanding the war in Afghanistan , Obama would have let down those soldiers and their grieving families , though he might have earned himself a few head - patting op - eds .
Another bitter irony would be that the Republicans would continue to batter Obama whatever he does regarding a war that their erstwhile hero George W. Bush started but could n’t finish .
Already , demoralized Democrats are looking forward fearfully to Election 2010 and then to Election 2012 when the Republicans – maybe with a Petraeus - Gates ticket – will cite Obama ’s indecision as a key reason he does n’t deserve a second term .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The price tag for the Wall Street bailout is often put at $ 700 billion — the size of the Troubled Assets Relief Program .
But TARP is just the best known program in an array of more than 30 overseen by Treasury Department and Federal Reserve that have paid out or put aside money to bail out financial firms and inject money into the markets .
To get a sense of the size of the real $ 14 trillion bailout , see our chart here .
Below , a guide to the pieces of the puzzle :
Treasury Department bailout programs
Money Market Mutual Fund :
In September 2008 , the Treasury announced that it would insure the holdings of publicly offered money market mutual funds .
According to the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( SIGTARP ) , these guarantees could have potentially cost the federal government more than $ 3 trillion [ PDF ] .
Public - Private Investment Fund :
This joint Treasury - Federal Reserve program bought toxic assets from banks and brokerages — as much as $ 5 billion of assets per firm .
According to SIGTARP , the government ’s potential exposure from the PPIF is between $ 500 million and $ 1 trillion [ PDF ] .
TARP : As part of the Troubled Asset Relief Program , the Treasury has made loans to or investments more than 750 banks and financial institutions .
$ 650 billion has been paid out ( not including HAMP ; see below ) .
As of December 21 , 2009 , $ 117.5 billion of that has been repaid .
Government - sponsored enterprise ( GSE ) stock purchase :
The Treasury has bought $ 200 million in preferred stock from Fannie Mae and another $ 200 million from Freddie Mac [ PDF ] to show that they “ will remain viable entities critical to the functioning of the housing and mortgage markets . ”
GSE mortgage - backed securities purchase : Under the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 , the Treasury may buy mortgage - backed securities from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
According to SIGTARP , these purchases could cost as much as $ 314 billion [ PDF ] .
Citigroup asset guarantee :
In this joint Treasury , Federal Reserve , and FDIC program , the government agreed to cover potential losses to a Citigroup asset pool worth $ 301 billion [ PDF ] .
T - bill auctions to fund the Fed : In November 2008 , the Treasury announced that it would borrow $ 260 billion to fund the Supplementary Financing Program , whose proceeds were deposited with the Federal Reserve .
TARP overpayment :
This June , the Congressional Budget Office estimated that the federal government would lose $ 159 billion from its TARP loans and investments due to changes in their market value .
( So far , Treasury has earned $ 14.4 billion in dividends from TARP . )
Bank of America asset guarantee :
In this joint Treasury , Federal Reserve , and FDIC program , the government agreed to cover potential losses to a Bank of America asset pool worth $ 118 billion .
Bank of America has withdrawn from the program and has paid the government $ 425 million [ PDF ] in compensation .
Potential international fund liabilities :
In April , the United States committed up to $ 100 billion to fund the International Monetary Fund ’s lending and ensure that it “ has adequate resources to play its central role in resolving and preventing the spread of international economic and financial crises . ”
HAMP : The Home Affordable Modification Program offers financial incentives to lenders to modify home loans .
$ 75 billion in federal funds has been committed ; $ 50 billion of that comes from TARP is set aside to modify mortgages not owned or guaranteed by Frannie Mae , Freddie Mac or other government - sponsored entities .
Treasury exchange stabilization fund : A temporary program to insure the holdings of publicly offered money market mutual funds .
GSE credit facility program : Additional credit made available to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Expires December 31 , 2009 .
Federal Reserve bailout programs
Commercial Paper Funding Facility : With the support from the Treasury , the Fed established the CPFF in October 2008 to increase the availability of short - term debt ( commercial paper ) funding .
Up to $ 1.8 trillion [ PDF ] was earmarked for the program .
Mortgage - backed securities purchase :
In 2009 , the Fed earmarked up to $ 1.25 trillion to buy investments based on home loans .
Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility : TALF provides financing to investors who are buying asset - backed securities .
In February 2009 , the Fed and Treasury announced an expansion of the program to generate up to $ 1 trillion in new lending .
Foreign Central Bank Currency Liquidity Swaps : The Fed has provided $ 755 billion [ PDF ] for currency liquidity swaps with foreign central banks .
Money Market Investor Funding Facility : The MMIF was established in October 2008 to provide loans for investors buying certificates of deposit and commercial paper .
According to SIGTARP , $ 600 billion [ PDF ] was allocated for the program .
Treasury Purchase Program :
In March 2009 , the Fed was authorized to purchase up to $ 300 billion of treasury securities .
GSE Program :
In March 2009 , the Fed increased its purchases of debt from government - sponsored enterprises ( Fannie Mae and Freddy Mac ) from $ 100 billion to $ 200 billion .
Primary Dealer Credit Facility : The PDCF provides overnight loans to primary dealers ( financial firms that can engage in direct transactions with the federal government ) .
The Fed allocated $ 147.7 billion [ PDF ] for it in 2009 .
ABCP MMMF liquidity facility : The Asset - Backed Commercial Paper ( ABCP ) Money Market Mutual Fund ( MMMF ) Liquidity Facility ( whew ! ) provides loans to financial institutions purchasing commercial paper from money market mutual funds .
According to SIGTARP , the Fed allocated $ 145.9 billion for the program in 2009 .
JPMorgan Chase / Lehman Brothers :
In September 2008 , the Fed gave JPMorgan Chase $ 148 billion in help the near - bankrupt Lehman Brothers .
Open Market Operations :
In September 2008 , the Fed injected $ 125 billion into the market by purchasing securities and repurchase agreements , or repos , in which primary dealers borrow cash from the fed .
Tri-Party Repurchase Agreements : The Fed provided $ 124.6 billion [ PDF ] for this type of repo in 2009 .
Primary Credit : The Fed provided $ 112 billion [ PDF ] to offer loans at a discounted rate to eligible institutions in 2009 .
Temporary Reserves : Between August and September 2007 , the Fed made $ 93 billion of temporary reserves available for loans to financial firms .
Single - Tranche Repurchase Agreements :
In 2009 , the Fed offered a total of $ 80 billion for short - term loans to holders of mortgage - backed securities .
Term Auction Facility : Under TAF , the Fed auctions short - term loans to financial institutions .
The amount of loans offered has varied widely ; between December 2009 and January 2010 , $ 75 billion in loans will be available .
AIG preferred stock interests , credit , and loan : The Fed provided $ 53 billion to the struggling AIG in various forms between 2008 and 2009 .
AIG Securities Lending Facility : In October 2008 , the Fed authorized the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to borrow up to $ 37.8 billion in securities from AIG .
Maiden Lane II and III ( AIG ) :
In 2008 , the Fed authorized its New York branch to form three limited liability companies : Maiden Lane , Maiden Lane II , and Maiden Lane III .
It provided $ 52.5 billion to Maiden Lane II and III to assist AIG .
Maiden Lane I ( Bear Stearns ) : The Fed provided $ 29.8 billion to Maiden Lane I to acquire Bear Stearns ’ assets and facilitate its merger with JPMorgan Chase .
TSLF : The Term Securities Lending Facility offers Treasury collateral to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York so it can auction weekly loans to financial institutions .
$ 25 billion in loans will be available between November 2009 and January 2010 .
TOP : The Term Securities Lending Facility Options Program allowed primary dealers to get TSLF loans in exchange for collateral .
At the time of the program ’s termination in June 2009 , $ 50 billion in loans had been offered .
Expansion of system open market account securities lending :
In July 2009 , the Fed increased its limit for loans of securities to brokers from $ 3 billion to $ 5 billion , for a total of $ 36 billion [ PDF ] in new lending .
JPMC / Bear Stearns Loan : The Fed provided a $ 12.9 billion bridge loan [ PDF ] to JPMorgan Chase during its acquisition of Bear Stearns .
Just try taking the “ Christ ” out of Christmas now :
Be sure to get this season ’s ultimate “ War on Christmas ” accessory :
Boss Creations , a new holiday decor company , has introduced the new “ CHRIST - mas ” Tree , featuring the unique trait of a trunk in the shape of a wooden cross .
Company owner Marsha Boggs says the tree was specifically designed to counter the “ war on Christmas . ”
“ When I became a Christian a few years ago , ” says Boggs , “ I was appalled by the secularization of the Christmas holiday .
When retail stores started substituting ‘ Happy Holidays ’ for ‘ Merry Christmas , ’ and schools began calling their Christmas programs ‘ Winter Plays , ’ it all seemed ridiculous to me .
That ’s why we have created products that remind people what the Christmas season is really all about – the birth of Christ . ”
The “ CHRIST - mas ” Tree is size adjustable up to 7.5 foot tall to accommodate various ceiling sizes .
Additionally , the company offers ornaments , wreaths and gift items all with Christian - based themes .
Legal fights over Christmas symbolism continue to create headlines such as a recent ban on religious songs in a New Jersey school district where the federal appeal judges noted “ such songs were once common in public schools , but times have changed . ”
Lawsuits regarding Christmas trees being taken down from public buildings have sparked anger across the country .
Boggs says Boss Creations ’ mission is to uphold the traditional meaning of the Christmas season , and from their sales , the company will be supporting two non-profits that work as advocates for religious freedom .
A portion of the proceeds of all “ CHRIST - mas ” Tree sales will go to support the American Center of Law & Justice , an organization recently hailed by BusinessWeek as “ the leading advocacy group for religious freedom , ” as well as to the Liberty Counsel , a nonprofit litigation , education and policy organization dedicated to advancing religious freedom , the sanctity of human life and the traditional family .
" We hope that the trial chamber will basically grant us the time that is necessary to prepare .
We calculated that we needed 10 months to prepare and that is the only position we have . "
The Bella centre is a swirl of chatter , the streets of Copenhagen are a swirl of protest .
Depending on what hour you listen to the news bulletin , the UN climate negotiations have " come off the rails " or are " back on track " or have " stalled " or are " moving swiftly " .
Which is why the only people who really understand what 's going on may be a small crew of folks from a group of computer jockeys called Climate Interactive .
Their software speaks numbers , not spin – and in the end it 's the numbers that count .
First number to know : 350 .
It 's what scientists have been saying for two years is the maximum amount of carbon dioxide we can safely have in the atmosphere , measured in parts per million .
Those scientists have been joined by an unprecedented outpouring from civil society : in late October , activists put on what CNN called " the most widespread day of political action in the planet 's history , " with 5,200 demonstrations in 181 countries , all rallying around that number .
Three thousand vigils last weekend across the planet spelled out the number in candles .
Thousands of churches rang their bells 350 times on Sunday , and yesterday the World Parliament of Religions , meeting in Melbourne and representing the " largest interreligious gathering on earth " sent an emergency 350 declaration here to Copenhagen .
The second number : 100 .
That 's ( roughly ) how many countries are backing a 350 target here at Copenhagen .
That 's more than half the nations in attendance – unfortunately , they 're the small , poor ones .
But it 's amazing to see them , in the face of enormous pressure , keeping the idea of real action alive .
Yesterday Mohamed Nasheed , president of the Maldives , spoke to a roaring crowd of thousands : " We know what the laws of physics say : the most important number in the world is 350 . "
The third number : 4 % . That 's how much the US is offering to cut its emissions from their 1990 levels by 2020 .
Scientists tell us that the developed world would need to reduce by at least 40 % to get us back on a 350 track , so the American offer is exactly an order or magnitude off .
And they 're not alone .
All the rich countries , not to mention China , are looking to do as little as possible and still escape here with some kind of agreement they can hide behind .
The fourth number – and the most important one .
When the folks at Climate Interactive plug in every promise made at these talks ( the American offer on the table , the Chinese promise to reduce " energy intensity " , the EU pledges , and so on ) their software tells them almost instantly how much carbon they would eventually produce .
When they hit the button last night , the program showed that by 2100 the world 's CO2 concentrations ( currently 390 ) would be – drumroll please – 770 .
That is , we would live in hell , or at least a place with a similar temperature .
So that 's the scorecard .
You may hear a lot of happy talk from world leaders over the next few days as they " reach a historic agreement " .
But that 's how it all adds up .
• Bill McKibben is the coordinator of 350.org
This project is not part of the GNU Project .
GSL shell offers an interactive command - line interface that gives access to GSL collection of mathematical functions .
GSL shell is based on the powerful and elegant scripting language Lua .
GSL shell is not just a wrapper over the C API of GSL but does offer much more simple and expressive way to use GSL .
The objective of GSL shell is to give the user the power of easily access GSL functions without having to write a complete C application .
Registration Date : Thu 13 Aug 2009 12:24:48 PM
UTC
License : GNU General Public License v3 or later
Development Status : 4 - Beta
Waging War Against the Depression
As the dollar careened toward a 15 - month low yesterday , gold zoomed to a new all - time high .
Once the dust finally settled , the Dollar Index closed the New York trading session at 74.41 – its lowest closing price since August 7 , 2008 , the day AIG reported the third of its shockingly large quarterly losses .
Back in those days , the world at large was just beginning to learn the full extent of the rot that permeated the US financial system …and about the rodents who nourished themselves off the rot .
But the Treasury and the Fed were already meeting in their war rooms , drawing up plans and arranging strategic alliances with various scoundrels .
Bear Stearns , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac had already gone bust .
AIG and Lehman Bros. were on their way .
But even before these shocking stories first crossed the newswires , the US Treasury and Federal Reserve began waging an all - out war against the forces of deflation and Depression .
Their “ secret weapon ? ” Dollar depreciation .
Flood the financial system with liquidity , the heads of the Federal Reserve and the US Treasury reasoned , and the burdens of extreme indebtedness will become less burdensome .
Banks can recapitalize their balance sheets and the financial sector can recover .
This reasoning seems reasonable … until you understand that “ liquidity ” is just shorthand for “ printing dollars . ”
If the Federal Reserve did not conjure dollar bills into existence from thin air , it could not create any additional liquidity for the system .
It ’s as simple as that .
But of course , the processes that actually funnel liquidity into the financial system are not simple at all .
They are cloaked in the sober language of economist jargon and conducted under the veil of opaque and complex transactions between innumerable “ lending facilities ” and counter - parties .
To do anything less would be irresponsible .
But the net effect of these complex processes is no different than turning on a printing press , leaving a monkey in charge of replacing the toner cartridges and going on vacation to Tahiti for a month .
By the time you had returned – tanned and rested – you ’d find hundreds of billions of new dollar bills all over the place , dozens of empty toner cartridges and one pissed off monkey .
This situation , more or less , resembles the current condition of the US monetary system .
The US money supply has exploded and the global monetary system is a messed .
You wo n’t find any pissed off monkeys , but you ’ll find plenty of pissed off dollar - holders .
These folks are not happy that US monetary authorities are intentionally sacrificing the dollar ’s purchasing power in order to rescue the economy .
Thus , to return to our military metaphor , the dollar ’s value is taking more direct hits than an Al Qaeda hideout .
Nevertheless , Generals Bernanke and Geithner are claiming victory against deflation and Depression .
And maybe that ’s true …as long as you ignore the rockets ’ red glare and the bombs bursting in air over the foreign exchange markets .
But the gold market is not ignoring these monetary pyrotechnics , which is why the gold price advanced to a new all - time high yesterday of $ 1,200 an ounce .
The stock market is not oblivious to the dollar ’s weakness either …nor to the inflationary implications of the greenback ’s withering purchasing power .
In fact , the stock market is behaving very much like a pure inflation hedge .
Every day that the dollar loses big , the stock market gains big…and vice versa .
In other words , the struggling American economy does not seem to validate the soaring stock market .
But the dollar ’s weakness does …at least partly .
Unfortunately , a bull market in stocks that relies more upon dollar - hedging than underlying economic strength is a bull market that should leap out of bed every morning , grateful for one more day .
The stock market might continue leaping out of bed for many days , or weeks , to come .
But the risks are increasing that this seemingly healthy stock market wo n’t be able to fog a mirror .
In fact , some of the “ market internals ” are already showing signs of deteriorating health .
As the top half of the nearby chart shows , small cap stocks and finance company stocks led the rest of the stock market out of the depths of the March lows .
But as the bottom half of this chart shows , the same sectors that led the stock market off the bottom are now leading in the opposite direction .
During the last seven weeks , while the Dow has advanced 5 % , the Value Line Index has slumped nearly 5 % and Goldman Sachs has tumbled 13 % .
These striking divergences do not necessarily bode ill for the entire stock market , but like a low white blood cell count , they do not bode well .
[ The nearby chart would illustrate the intended point even more clearly if our graphics art department had not made one slight error .
The top half shows the performance of Goldman Sachs , the Value Line Index and the Dow Jones Industrial Average between March 9 and October 14 .
The bottom half shows these same securities and indices from October 14 to the present . ]
What 's happening in Iran looks more and more like a civil war .
Since the enormous Dec. 27 protests in Tehran and other cities , the regime has arrested more than a thousand people .
It has declared that it will no longer " tolerate " dissent .
It has killed the relatives of opposition leaders , jailed thousands of protesters , raped and tortured dissidents , called the protests a foreign plot , and ordered rallies of its own , which brought out hundreds of thousands of people .
Daggers now apply 0.5 points of damage per additional point in dexterity and 0.5 points of damage per additional point in strength , as originally intended .
This increases dagger damage for high - dexterity characters .
During combat , mana or stamina reserves now correctly regenerate more quickly when reserves are low .
This allows players to occasionally use an talent or spell in the later stages of lengthy fights .
When exploring , mana and stamina now regenerate more quickly at higher character levels .
This reduces downtime between fights .
The spells Force Field , Crushing Prison , Cone of Cold , and Blizzard now have shorter durations and / or longer cooldowns .
This ensures that combatants can no longer stun - lock each other by repeatedly casting the same spell .
The cooldowns for several low - level sustained abilities are now shorter .
This ensures that players are not penalized for accidentally deactivating them .
Certain battles were not scaling properly , resulting in excessively difficult fights .
They now scale as intended .
Enemy corpses now drop health poultices and money more appropriately , resulting in less clutter in the player 's inventory .
Updates to Dragon Age : Origins have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The major changes include :
Some may have thought it was a prelude to a close encounter of the third kind .
But evidence quickly emerged that it was probably a result of a Russian ballistic missile test .
While almost everyone who saw the video of a luminous spiral of gas in Norway at dawn on Wednesday agreed it was beautiful , UFO believers have staunchly held to their views that the phenomenon was not man made , even after Russia 's Defense Ministry disclosed it had test launched a Bulava ballistic missile – which has a range of 5,000 miles – from a submarine in the White Sea Wednesday morning .
The Russians said problems emerged when the missile deployed its third stage engine and it went off course and out of control .
The Russian explanation makes the most sense to William Dimpfl , a senior research scientist at the Aeorospace Corporation .
Dr. Dimpfl , whose non-profit conducts missile research for the US Air Force and NASA , and who has carried out research on the way exhaust is emitted from rockets and the space shuttle , says he 's fully convinced that the spiral plume was caused by a man -made missile .
" I looked at the video and my first thought was it ’s surprising how pretty it is , " says Dimpfl .
" But I had an understanding very quickly of what was going on .
There ’s nothing surprising in ( the video ) . "
Dimpfl says he does n't have inside knowledge of Russian missile testing protocols , but estimates that the Russian plan was for the missile to splash down in the Pacific Ocean .
He says that when the US conducts missile tests it also tries to ensure that the missile will splash down in the ocean if something goes wrong and it falls short .
He said after watching the video that he observed no " atmospheric drag " on the event , which implied the missile was higher than 100 kilometers from the earth 's surface – beyond the line between our atmosphere and space .
The large , white spiral in the video and images is , in his opinion , " an illuminated solid propellent motor . "
The spiral , he says , " comes when you have a motor firing off the axis of the vehicle at right angles to the line that connects to the center of mass " yielding a " pinwheel . "
As to the tighter , bluish covered spiral that UFO believers have pointed to , he says : " The blue plume was from a motor that was still attached to the vehicle . "
He says the bluish color was from aluminum oxide that is typically added to the solid propellant used for such motors .
" What I believe is that the blue is from solar fluorescence from chemicals in the plume .
That ’s just aluminium oxide that the sunlight is scattering from .
Aluminum oxide is the chemical formula for sapphires , so what you ’re looking at is sunlight scattering off lots of tiny sapphires . "
A computer simulation on YouYube ( below ) demonstrates how the spiral cloud seen over Norway may have been formed .
One the biggest selling points of the PlayStation 3 is that gamers can use the console to play online at no additional charge .
However , evidence has surfaced that the company is planning a two - tiered subscription model for the PlayStation Network similar to -- but also fundamentally different from -- Xbox Live .
Sony is mulling a premium version of PSN .
Slides accompanying a Thursday presentation by Sony show that the company is planning a " new revenue stream from subscription " on PSN in 2010 .
[ UPDATE ]
During the presentation , which emphasized Sony 's plans to make its game business profitable in the next fiscal year , Sony Computer Entertainment CEO Kaz Hirai confirmed the plans .
" We will be building upon our current free [ PSN ] service offering with premium content and services to start the subscription model , " he told attendees .
Perhaps to assuage PS3 owners ' fears that they would soon have to pay to play online , Hirai issued a subsequent statement indicating the present level of service would remain gratis .
" SCE will further increase sales by offering users new entertainment through the combination of hardware , software , peripheral , and PlayStation Network , " Hirai said in a statement given to British outlets , such as CVG .
" Especially in the online area , we are studying the possibility of introducing a subscription model , offering premium content and services , in addition to the current free services . "
( Emphasis added . )
As of press time , US Sony reps had not offered Hirai 's statement or further clarification about its subscription plans for the PlayStation Network .
Luckily , though , the " current free services " currently offered on PSN include online play , Facebook integration , and Netflix video streaming .
On Xbox Live , both of those features are only accessible at the Gold membership level , which costs at least $ 50 per year .
[ UPDATE ]
Even without subscriptions , PSN revenue is on the rise .
For the current fiscal year , which ends on March 31 , 2010 , Sony expects ¥ 50 billion ( $ 563 million ) in earnings from the service , a threefold increase from the year prior .
In addition to game - related content , the PSN 's retail component -- the PlayStation Store - - offers video offerings , such as television shows and movies for both rental and sale .
The authors of this book work on the frontlines in the battle against marijuana prohibition .
Steve Fox ( Marijuana Policy Project ) , LRC columnist Paul Armentano ( National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws ) , and Mason Tvert ( Safer Alternative for Enjoyable Recreation ) make the case for marijuana legalization based on the relative safety of marijuana compared to alcohol .
In the forward to the book , the former Chief of the Seattle Police Department makes the important observation that police officers experience criminals and victims of alcohol - related crime and violence on a daily basis , while such marijuana - related violence is almost unheard of .
The " marijuana is safer " message of the book is based on the fact that marijuana consumption is safer and healthier to consume compared to alcohol .
It also results in far less violence and crime than alcohol and produces fewer costs on society .
They make their case by presenting results from government studies and other scientific research .
In this light , our draconian marijuana laws reduce marijuana and increase alcohol consumption , as basic economics would suggest .
Therefore , if we reformed our marijuana laws , consumption patterns would move away from alcohol and we would be safer , healthier , and better off in many respects .
Marijuana is Safer : So ... Tvert , Mason Best Price : $ 2.99 Buy New $ 21.00 ( as of 05:25 EST - Details )
The book does explain all the other reasons why we should legalize marijuana , but they believe their " marijuana is safer " argument will be the most effective political argument .
Their strategy is presented in the final section of the book .
As an important prelude to their analysis , the authors show that the demand for intoxicating substances is widespread around the globe .
Alcohol and marijuana have been the dominant products dating back to the beginning of human society , about 10,000 years ago .
They also point out the various industrial and medical uses of marijuana and that our founding fathers grew and used it for a wide variety of purposes .
A basic introduction to marijuana is provided which is especially important for non-consumers interested in policy reform .
What is marijuana ?
How does it get people " high " ?
What are its effects ?
How is it consumed ?
Why do people smoke it ?
The Economics of Prohi ... Mark Thornton Check Amazon for Pricing .
The core of their analysis is a comparison of the health effects of marijuana and alcohol .
While the consumption of one or two drinks per day has long been associated with better health ( even compared to non-drinkers ) , heavy long - term drinking is clearly bad for your health .
It is associated with a wide variety of health problems and is the third leading cause of death in the US .
Drinking too much alcohol in a short period of time can even cause sudden death .
Based on a large number of government and scientific studies marijuana is safer to consume than alcohol .
In fact , there are very few negative health effects from marijuana .
In addition , there are health benefits to marijuana , such as treating glaucoma .
It has been shown to both treat and prevent certain diseases and can even kill certain types of cancer cells .
In addition , marijuana helps cancer patients maintain their appetites ; it reduces pain and stress , and improves sleeping .
These attributes help the body to heal , or at least maintain itself .
This is the primary basis for the medical marijuana movement , which seeks to use marijuana to reduce the suffering from incurable diseases and to supplement the treatment of other diseases and aliments .
Our Right to Drugs : Th ... Thomas Szasz Best Price : $ 5.00 Buy New $ 30.00 ( as of 10:25 EST - Details )
It is worth restating that even if you did not consume marijuana or alcohol , and even if you were perfectly healthy , you could still be safer with the legalization of marijuana in terms of crime and violence .
Alcohol consumption tends to induce violence while marijuana consumption tends to suppress it .
So why was marijuana prohibition instituted in 1937 ?
While other factors clearly played a role , the authors focus on propaganda against marijuana .
Interestingly , the propagandists falsely attributed the effects of alcohol — particularly violence — to marijuana consumption .
Apparently that was enough to convince state and eventually federal lawmakers .
The authors successfully address the myths of marijuana , but I do have one quibble with the case of higher potency marijuana .
They argue that the potency of marijuana is only " slightly higher " than the marijuana of twenty or thirty years ago .
However , even their evidence suggests a 66 % increase .
Data from my book The Economics of Prohibition indicates that the increase over the last thirty - five years could be as high as 1000 % .
Marijuana Medical Hand ... [ " Gieringer Ph.D. , Dale Best Price : $ 0.93 Buy New $ 2.99 ( as of 11:50 EST - Details )
Even so , I would still maintain that highly potent marijuana is safer than alcohol .
We know that the increase in potency is due mainly to marijuana prohibition and that marijuana consumers tend to prefer lower potency marijuana , if it was available .
They also consume smaller quantities if it is highly potent .
So it is not a major problem in a free market .
This aside , I do believe the authors have successfully made the case that reforming marijuana laws would increase the consumption of marijuana at the expense of alcohol consumption .
This would reduce the overall health and social costs from recreational drugs .
I also believe that they have developed a potentially successful political strategy .
Support for marijuana prohibition is based largely on ignorance and fear .
If you can show the electorate the facts and demonstrate the benefits of reform , then prohibition ’s days are numbered .
The time is ripe for reform given that alcohol prohibition was undone during America ’s First Great Depression .
Some LRC readers will no doubt object to the authors ’ tax and regulate alternative to prohibition .
Here they follow the alcohol " market " as a model of reform .
This approach is unnecessary and potentially harmful to the long - term interests of reform .
It socializes the costs of alcohol where a truly free market would focus the costs on those who abuse or misuse alcohol .
However , I congratulate the authors on producing a fine book and look forward to debating the finer points of reform as we approach the end of marijuana prohibition .
The Best of Mark Thornton
Dave Nosek ’s neighbor always has an outstanding holiday lights display : white bulbs dangling from the gutters , blue bulbs circling the windows , trees completely wrapped in multi-colored lighting .
“ Every year his gets bigger and bigger , ” Nosek , 40 , says .
So rather than compete with the shimmering light display that twinkles from Chet Cybulski's yard , Nosek followed a time - tested maxim :
If you ca n’t beat ‘em , amusingly underperform ‘em .
Nosek arranged a few twisted sets of Christmas lights above his garage into the word “ DITTO ” with an arrow pointing toward Cybulski's house .
Where Cybulski , 52 , spent nearly five days untwisting and arranging the lights for his yard , Nosek 's job took about an hour .
But Cybulski and Nosek are far from neighborhood lighting rivals – there is no grudge match brewing between these Elburn residents .
Cybulski actually gave Nosek the “ DITTO ” idea .
“ I found a similar picture on the Internet and I showed it to Dave , ” Cybulski said .
“ I thought it would be funny . ”
Unfortunately , the “ DITTO ” display is outshining Cybulski ’s intricate arrangement with spectators .
Nosek said dozens of revelers have stopped by to snap photos of his sarcastic illumination .
“ I feel bad for Chet , ” Nosek said .
“ Poor guy spends four days putting up his lights and I ’m getting all the accolades . ”
Cybulski said he does n’t mind .
“ Not at all , ” he said .
“ It ’s there for the enjoyment of all .
As long as someone gets a kick out of it I ’m OK . ”
President of World Bank says Beijing interested in developing manufacturing base and boosting economy
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The Chinese government has shown " strong interest " in setting up factories in Africa , helping the continent develop a manufacturing base and boost its economy , the president of the World Bank said today .
While most attention on China 's investment in Africa has focused on its large - scale pursuit of natural resources , experts say a growing number of entrepreneurs are experimenting with production .
However , some questioned whether the workshop of the world was ready to outsource much of its industry .
" There is not only willingness but strong interest among some in China , and I 've discussed with the minister of commerce , Chen Deming , that there may be possibilities of moving some of the lower - value manufacturing facilities to sub-Saharan Africa , toys or footwear , " Robert Zoellick , the president of the World Bank , told the Financial Times .
He suggested that Chinese knowhow in production and marketing could boost Africa 's declining share of international trade , but admitted infrastructure improvements were needed to attract companies .
It is thought the scheme might involve creating industrial parks – possibly part - funded by the World Bank and China – so companies could settle in quickly and operate more effectively .
The institution sees manufacturing as a missing element in the continent 's development .
China is keen that its presence in Africa should be viewed as more than a resources grab .
Last month , the Chinese premier , Wen Jiabao , announced a $ 10 bn ( £ 6 bn ) low - cost loan initiative , tariff reductions and debt relief - initiatives as the latest steps in its developing partnership .
Analysts suggested the measures would help drive demand for Chinese exports as well as aiding African states .
Trade between China and Africa reached a record high of $ 106.84bn in 2008 , an increase of 45.1 % year - on - year , according to Chinese customs figures .
China 's direct investment , excluding the financial sector , rose to £ 550 m in the first half of this year , up 79 % , while the country has built huge amounts of infrastructure in recent years .
The relationship has also brought friction , with some African leaders arguing that competition from cheap Chinese imports has undercut an already weak manufacturing base , even if consumers have benefited .
Campaigners in Africa as well as the west also complain that China does not press its partners on governance and human rights issues , filling the coffers of leaders whom others believe should not be in power .
Dr Jing Gu , of Sussex University 's Institute of Development Studies , said intense domestic competition had already led Chinese companies to look further afield for opportunities .
" My own research on Chinese private investment has shown that it is increasingly in manufacturing , " she said .
" If you consider Ghana 's 340 Chinese investment projects , more than 100 are in manufacturing .
In Ethiopia , about 66 % of Chinese companies are .
" With China 's push for industrial restructuring at home , Chinese companies have [ also ] been saying there 's an urgent need to move up the value chain .
That might leave a space for Africa .
" There are already [ government ] measures aimed at facilitating access to credit and simplifying procedures for Chinese firms looking to invest overseas , especially in Africa . "
Professor Shujie Yao , of the China Policy Institute at Nottingham University , pointed out that many Asian economies had made similar transitions from mass - producing cheap goods to outsourcing manufacturing .
" Japan moved its manufacturing to South East Asia ... Hong Kong , Singapore , Taiwan and Korea moved theirs to China , " he said .
But he added that any substantial shift of manufacturing could be " painfully slow " given Africa 's infrastructure and said China still had an abundance of cheap labour .
Provincial governments might well resist a measure that would be likely to cost jobs .
Rhys Jenkins , the professor of development economics at the University of East Anglia , said there were already complaints in Africa that Chinese investors brought in their own labour force to work on projects instead of creating jobs for the local population .
The ministry of commerce in Beijing could not be reached for comment .
Time Warner Cable is locked in a licensing battle with News Corp. , which could result in News Corp. pulling Fox Broadcasting , Fox Cable , and Fox regional sports programming from the cable provider 's lineu
Time Warner Cable is locked in a licensing battle with News Corp. , which could result in News Corp. pulling Fox Broadcasting , Fox Cable , and Fox regional sports programming from the cable provider 's lineup .
" For the past nine months , Fox has attempted to negotiate in good faith with Time Warner Cable , " News Corp. and Fox said in a Friday statement .
" Our position in these negotiations is entirely reasonable - we are simply asking for fair compensation for the impressive value our Fox programming offers . "
In a Friday e-mail to customers , Time Warner said this fair compensation amounts to a 300 percent increase in the fees the cable provider would pay to keep Fox on the air .
" We know prices keep going up .
We 've had to announce a few price increases of our own and we know no one 's ever happy about that .
But up to 300 percent ?
That 's going too far , " Time Warner said .
Both companies have now launched Web sites intended to provide their take on the issue .
Time Warner 's " Roll Over or Get Tough " site debuted on Nov. 25 , while Fox on Friday launched www.keepfoxon.com.
The Fox site features a countdown to New Year 's Eve , when the current licensing deal expires .
Fox is also running print advertisements and TV spots , and has set up a call - in number .
" The compensation being sought for the Fox stations is entirely reasonable , " Fox said on its Web site .
" According to SNL Kagan , the equitable rate Fox is proposing for all its networks is in the same ballpark as what Time Warner pays for ONE cable network , ESPN . "
ESPN charges about $ 4 per subscriber each month , Fox said .
Fox did not reveal how much it charges per subscriber , but said that the value of its programing is close to $ 10 per subscriber .
" The bottom line is that the Fox stations feature some of the nation 's most - watched programming with shows such as " 24 , " " American Idol , " " House , " " Glee , " and " The Simpsons , " as well as the most compelling sports on television with the National Football League , Major League Baseball , and NASCAR , " Fox said .
This is not the first time that Time Warner has been locked in a last - minute licensing battle .
Last year , it was Viacom that from Time Warner 's lineup unless Time Warner paid 25 cents more per customer , or $ 39 million .
Days prior to New Year 's Eve , Viacom said a deal could not be reached and that its channels would go dark on Jan. 1  but the two sides hours before the deadline .
Terms of the deal were not disclosed .
" Going forward , we will continue actively negotiating with Time Warner Cable in hopes of reaching a fair agreement and will attempt to keep our viewers informed of the situation every step of the way , " Fox concluded .
Time Warner also said it will " continue negotiating for a fair agreement that protects our customers ' pocketbooks . "
Referring to the 2004 Butler report into pre-war intelligence on Iraq , he said : “ The conclusion has been that it would have been much clearer and better and the matter might not have been lost in translation if it had spelled out in the dossier that the word was munitions and not weapons .
Operators of Web site dedicated to those who seek social - media death with dignity say that Facebook is taking a more Hippocratic approach to the idea of killing one 's online identities with a few keystrokes .
They say the social - networking giant has killed off their access to Facebook .
Called Web 2.0 Suicide Machine , the site 's pitch goes like this : " Tired of your Social Network ?
Liberate your newbie friends with a Web2.0 suicide !
This machine lets you delete all your energy - sucking social - networking profiles , kill your fake virtual friends , and completely do away with your Web2.0 alter ego .
The machine is just a metaphor for the Website which moddr_ is hosting ; the belly of the beast where the web2.0 suicide scripts are maintained .
Our service currently runs with Facebook , Myspace , Twitter and LinkedIn ! Commit NOW ! "
( 2010's 25 Geekiest 25th Anniversaries )
The " machine " is the brainchild of Moddr , " your ' unfriendly ' neighborhood medialab " located in Rotterdam .
Facebook , at least , is apparently not amused ( make that seriously not amused ; see Facebook statement in update below , plus Suicide Machine 's response in Update 2 ) , as this message appears on the Suicide Machine Web site this morning :
After more than 50,000 friends being unfriended and more than 500 forever " signed - out " users , Facebook started to block our suicide machine from their servers without any comment !
We are currently looking in ways to circumvent this ungrounded restriction imposed on our service !
Thanks for your understanding
Sincerely ,
Your 2.0 suicide team
If you 'd like to get a better understanding of the philosophy and technology behind this online Dr. Kevorkian , check out this promotional video :
web 2.0 suicide machine promotion from moddr_ on Vimeo .
In the meantime , I 've contacted the Facebook public relations department to see if I can get confirmation and an explanation .
( Update , 12:50 p.m. :
Here 's the statement I just received from a Facebook spokesperson : " Facebook provides the ability for people who no longer want to use the site to either deactivate their account or delete it completely .
Web 2.0 Suicide Machine collects login credentials and scrapes Facebook pages , which are violations of our Statement of Rights and Responsibilities .
We 've blocked the site 's access to Facebook as is our policy for sites that violate our SRR .
We 're currently investigating and considering whether to take further action . " )
( Update 2 , 1:30 p.m. Gordan Savicic , billed as the Suicide Machine 's chief euthanasia officer , says that his organization has yet to hear directly from Facebook , but he has plenty to say about Facebook 's statement to me .
" I guess they are waiting ( to see ) if we 'll circumvent their restriction .
We are working on exactly that right now , " he says in an e-mail .
Asked if they are violating the Facebook terms , Savicic replies :
" No , not from our point of view .
We are just offering a service to users who want to drop out of Facebook .
According to Facebook 's terms of service , they should actually not threaten us but the people who commit suicide -- ' You will not share your password , let anyone else access your account , or do anything else that might jeopardize the security of your account '
http://www.facebook.com/terms.php?ref=pf
--
And again , we are neither ' hacking ' into their servers , nor scraping their pages .
We only store the profile picture and the name of the user !
This is actually possible without even logging into Facebook . "
As for Facebook 's hint at further action ?
" We are very excited to investigate further on what they actually meant ! " )
( Update , Jan. 12 : Here 's what they meant . )
As anyone who has n’t been sailing solo around the world or living in a cave knows , the United States Constitution is under attack .
The Democrat - controlled health care bill , which , if passed , will designate 16 % of the economy to the government , and the Waxman - Markey cap - and - trade legislation , which , if passed , will mean “ global warming ” will have hijacked our future , provide ample evidence .
The Founding Fathers ( remember them ? ) restricted “ statism , ” limiting central government to the funding of defense and the delivery of mail .
Today , however , we ’ve flouted their vision .
Every aspect of life , from medicine to energy , is a call to “ spend and rule . ”
The Declaration of Independence states , “ We hold these truths to be self - evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights …. ” yet few adhere to this construct .
It goes on to say , “ That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends , it is the Right of the People to alter or abolish it …. ”
And it is here , boldly , where Force comes into play .
The destruction of truths being patent , government must preserve , through machinations and legislation , a sometimes overt , sometimes clandestine , and always inexorable , usurpation of liberty .
George Bush conceived the Patriot Act , a questionably legal bill , and now his successor , who keeps it in place , threatens Freedom by targeting guns .
C.I.F.T.A. , a U.N. treaty , which purports to limit arms - trafficking , is his vector .
Bill Clinton signed CIFTA in 1997 , but the Republican - controlled Senate would n’t ratify , and the “ evil ” George Bush stone - walled for eight years .
Today , with leftists in power , there is no stone - walling .
In October , the United States reversed course , declaring that it was amenable to the treaty , and proceeded to back a time - table for signing .
The set - up occurred last April , when Obama , meeting with Felipe Calderon , declared that “ 90 % of guns recovered by Mexican authorities come from the U.S. , many from shops that line our shared border . ” ( False —he QUINTUPLED the figure — but early on , the president abjured facts . )
In Mexico , he went on to say : “ At a time when the Mexican government has so courageously taken on the drug cartels that have plagued the border , it is absolutely critical that the U.S. partner in dealing with these issues … .
I am urging the Senate in the United States to ratify an inter-American treaty ( CIFTA ) to curb arms trafficking that is a source of many weapons used in the drug war . ”
Of course , this sounds great .
( What liberal policy meant to engineer every aspect of life does n’t ? )
But rhetorical euphony is laced with pitfalls .
Consider that of the 33 western nations that would be affected by CIFTA , not a single one shares the protection afforded by the Second Amendment of the United States Constitution .
How , given this , can it be anything but parlous ?
Does anyone , besides a Right - wing Rogue , sense danger in being bound to “ law ” eagerly signed by Venezuela and Cuba ?
Alan Korwin , at GunLaws.com , points out that CIFTA clears the way for a national gun registry , a legislative non-starter .
The treaty , if implemented , would require the U.S. to adopt “ licensing requirements , ” to mark firearms when they ’re made , and to establish “ information sharing ” between CIFTA nations .
Americans could conceivably be required to obtain a license “ per/ round , ” be banned from adding features to weapons , and have the whereabouts , type and number of their arms disclosed to foreign powers .
Clearly , then , this is less about smuggling than it is about control .
John Bolton , former U.S. representative to the U.N. , observes that “ the Obama administration is trying to act as though this is really just a treaty about trade between nations , but there ’s no doubt — as was the case over a decade ago — that the real agenda is the control of domestic arms . ”
That the treaty “ reassures ” signatories that it is “ not intended to discourage or diminish lawful , leisure , or recreational activities , such as travel or tourism for sport shooting , hunting , and other forms of lawful ownership and use recognized by State Parties , ” is hardly a comfort .
Since when are U.S citizens subjected to what is deemed “ lawful ” by foreign lands ?
The right to keep and bear arms is SINGULAR to America , UNRECOGNIZED elsewhere , and this being the case , is FUNDAMENTAL to Freedom .
Rights do n’t wane .
Designed not merely to allow for “ leisure and recreation , ” but as the final recourse against tyranny , the Second Amendment is neither negotiable nor interpretable nor amendable .
PERIOD .
As for Obama , his posture is worrisome .
An untested acolyte who renounces America is backing policies that eviscerate self - defense ?
George Washington once said , “ Firearms are second only to the Constitution in importance .
They are the people ’s liberty ’s teeth . ”
He also said , “ the very atmosphere of arms anywhere and everywhere restrains evil interference .
They deserve a place of honor with all that is good . ”
I wonder what he would think of Obama .
Both are presidents ; yet to compare them is folly .
Washington commanded Revolutionary troops .
Obama reads a teleprompter .
Washington stewarded a nation toward greatness .
Obama , decrying it , seeks to punish wealth .
The irony lies in their civic influence .
As integral to our history as Washington remains , if our current president “ transforms ” America , his mark on Liberty may be as profound .
The life of a super - hero can be a busy one .
Dealing with constantly having to save the world , being replaced by your evil counterpart from the Doppelganger Dimension and the hassles that come with being resurrected from the dead does n't leave a lot of time for romance , and the chance for love often passes our favorite superheroes by .
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2010/01/13/super-hero-missed-connections/'; tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ; digg_url = ' http://digg.com/comics_animation/Super_Hero_Missed_Connections_Ads_They_Have_Feelings_Too';
But for the romantic at heart , all hope is not lost , as long as you 're willing to risk a public confession of your feelings .
So today , thanks to ComicsAlliance contributor and hopeless romantic Chris Sims , we bring you the Missed Connections ads of your favorite comic book characters .
We 've got an answer key at the end , so be sure to check your work !
Answer Key :
Elsewhere on the Web :
2,100 - Year - Old Computer Still Awesome [ Gamma Squad ]
Conan Tells NBC to Pound Sand [ Uproxx ]
New Transformers cartoon series on the way [ Gamma Squad ]
As I said in one of my earlier posts , there is plenty of trans - related blogging going on out there .
I ’ve been away from paying any real attention to the trans community , or lack thereof since I lost interest in it about a decade ago , so I felt that I needed to play catch up , and that meant trying to draw myself some kind of map .
If I had been aware of a good canonical authority , I might have turned to it , but as it was , I did things myself ( had I known about it , I might have instead just looked at T - Central ) .
Anyway , I wrote a little perl code to do some web crawling through the blogosphere , finding trans blogs and calculating their pagerank ( the algorithm is , after all , on wikipedia ) .
It was ugly , and it probably missed a number of blogs , but having compiled a list and ranked them , I took the top 100 and visited them .
Below is a list of the blogs with my comments .
Being concise takes time and insight , so my descriptions of each blog are n’t good at all , and get both worse and longer as I went further down the list .
But it is what it is .
Not everything here resonated with me , but there is enough good stuff that I ’m glad to have done the exercise .
My plan is to come back and revise this post if / when I have a better sense of what these blogs are about , but I wo n’t revise their rank .
That was the result of some fairly arbitrary computer code , and to change the order gives too much weight to something that is mostly meaningless .
( Yes , I absolutely need to edit some of those down , especially the longer ones .
Bad - copy - and - paste , NP .
Also , the count stands at well over one hundred now , because I ’ve added a few more .
I might even add even more since I have plenty more on my list . )
Remember , these are n’t my favorite blogs , they are the favorites of the trans community , as best as I could identify it with some hacked together code and a few starting points to seed the process .
Do n’t ask me to add a blog to the list , but feel free to draw attention to cool trans - related blogs or talk about your favorites in the comments .
( Also , since you ’re here looking for blogs , do n’t forget that you can check out mine . )
We achieve this by teaching our Thetahealing courses .
Thetahealing is easy to learn is fast and effective and is ideal for anyone who would like to learn how to heal themselves or anyone who would like to help others heal .
All our courses are certified , Practitioner classes .
“ Theta Healing is the perfect complement to other healing modalities such as kinesiology reiki , spiritual and energetic healing .
It can further enhance cognitive therapies such as hypnosis , past life therapy and NLP or can simply be used effectively on its own . ”
Many of our students use Thetahealing both personally and professionally .
It is the solution to positive changes , personal growth and spiritual evolvement .
Conservatives can rejoice -- Rush Limbaugh recently left Queen 's Medical Center in Honolulu hospital with a clean bill of health .
Despite complaints of sharp chest pains , Limbaugh told reporters that after he went through an angiogram , doctors " found absolutely nothing wrong .
It was a blessing .
No arterial disease , no coronary disease whatsoever . "
Moments later , Limbaugh turned his praise of the hospital 's service into his latest proof that the current American health care system is working perfectly .
Continue reading »
Uh -huh … From Time ’s extended interview with the Man of the Year :
So , I ’m a fringe economics type , I ’m not personally , but I ’m saying a reader picks up TIME Magazine , and they see this and they go , oh , my God , Ben Bernanke , low interest rates caused this whole thing .
He ’s just an extension of that devil man , Alan Greenspan .
Low interest rates , this is the whole cause .
What ’s your bullet answer to that ?
BB : It ’s hard to give a bullet answer .
Myth - busters answer .
BB : Monetary policy in the early part of this decade was accommodated for good reasons .
There was a recession in 2001 , there was the jobless recovery , inflation was very low .
Keeping interest rates low to get the economy back on track was a reasonable thing to do .
I think there are a lot of forces that led to the crisis , a whole range of things were relevant there .
I do n’t think that monetary policy was a particularly important source of the crisis .
This guy seriously does n’t think ( or wo n’t acknowledge ) that low interest rates fueled the housing bubble ?
I guess it makes sense , as he does n’t see any froth on the horizon today .
Related : Greenspan Was NOT
Free market
Curtis : All right , Gratuitous Space Battles .
I like spaceships , and you ’re a game about spaceships fighting each other .
Let ’s play , shall we ?
GSB : Excellent , Curtis .
Would you like to play a brief tutorial first ?
Curtis : Sure , that would be great .
Tutor me !
GSB : Click on ships to place them in the battlefield .
When ships are placed in the battlefield , you can give them orders to determine their behavior .
Press “ Start ” to begin the battle .
Curtis :
All right , I ’ve got some ships set up .
Let ’s start !
GSB : Battle commencing .
Curtis : Can I control my ships ?
GSB : …
Curtis : Uhmmm … I guess not ?
Well , my big ships are making mincemeat of the smaller enemy ships .
I think they ’re almost done taking down that big enemy ship .
Is that enemy ship almost dead ?
GSB : …
Curtis :
Can you tell me how many hit points that ship has ?
GSB : …
Curtis :
Can you show me at least vaguely how much damage the enemy ship has taken ?
GSB : …
Curtis : Okay , well it ’s dead now .
There ’s only two more big ships , and a bunch of tiny little fighters .
If my big ships just gang up on the enemy big ships –
GSB : …
Curtis : WHY ARE MY BIG SHIPS FOCUSING ON THE TINY FIGHTERS ???
THEY SHOULD BE ATTACKING THE BIG ENEMY SHIPS THAT ARE ATTACKING THEM !!!
GSB : No need to get emotional , Curtis .
You should set your priorities differently before battle .
You can choose specific behaviors for your ships .
Curtis : Okay , let ’s do that .
So let ’s start over , and set up the ships better .
GSB : Would you like to design a ship ?
Curtis : Sure , let ’s do that .
GSB : Welcome to the Ship Design Screen .
Would you like to add a Cruiser Engine II ?
Curtis : Sure , what ’s that ?
GSB : You have to purchase the Cruiser Engine II from the Fleet HQ screen .
Curtis : Okay , bring me to the Fleet HQ screen .
GSB : Welcome to the Fleet HQ Screen .
Here you can use Honor Points , won in successful battles , to purchase new technology for your ships .
Curtis : I ’ve been hearing good things about this Cruiser Engine II .
Can you explain that to me ?
GSB : The Cruiser Engine II is a sturdy , medium - weight engine , good for it ’s price –
Curtis :
Wait , you mean “ its price . ”
“ It ’s price ” would mean “ It is price . ”
Well , whatever , let ’s get a Point Defense Scanner .
That sounds important .
What ’s it do ?
GSB : The Point Defense Scanner enables your Point Defense system to tell a missile from it ’s decoys –
Curtis : AGAIN ?
Do you not have spell check in the future ?
[ 10 minutes later ]
Curtis : Okay , I ’ve designed a ship .
It ’s a Cruiser , so it ’s big .
I used the same body as the tutorial Cruiser , but I gave it different weapons and such .
I ’ve named it “ Good Space Ship , ” because I could n’t think of a name .
You do n’t take off points for uninteresting names , do you ?
GSB : …
Curtis :
All right then .
Let ’s go back to the deployment screen .
I only have 20,000 credits to spend , so let ’s see , I think I want to use Good Space Ship , but I ca n’t remember how much it costs .
Is there any way to see what it costs ?
GSB : You can return to the Ship Design Screen , which shows the current price of each ship .
Would you like to return to the Ship Design Screen ?
Curtis : NO .
I ’m done with that .
I want to deploy my ship , and I just want to know ONE number : how much it costs .
GSB : Good Space Ship comes equipped with a Plasma Gun , Shields I , Cruiser Armor II –
Curtis : I DON ’T CARE .
HOW MUCH DOES IT COST ???
GSB : Medium Crew Quarters , Fusion–
Curtis : Fine .
I ’ll just deploy it .
Wait , which one was the Good Space Ship ?
It has the same body as the tutorial Cruiser .
GSB : Mouse over the ship to see it ’s name .
Curtis : First off , “ its name . ”
Done .
No apostrophe .
Easy , right ?
Second , ca n’t you just overlay the name over the ship body ?
The icon for the ship body is gigantic !
Why should I have to mouse over every single identical icon just to get information that should already be printed ?
GSB : To deploy a ship , click on it .
Curtis : Okay , fine .
Good Space
Ship , it ’s time to live up to your name .
GSB : You now have 17,213 credits left .
Curtis :
So that means that the Good Space Ship cost around 3,000 credits ?
Why could n’t you tell me that earlier ?
GSB : Good Space Ship comes equipped with a Plasma Gun , Shields I , Cruiser Armor II –
Curtis : To quote Oprah : “ Shut the fuck up , before I kill you . ”
GSB : Would you like to set Orders ?
Curtis : Sure .
What are my options ?
GSB : You have several options of behaviors to specify .
Curtis : Okay , so let ’s write some if .. then statements .
If the ship ’s health is less than 20 % , then I ’d like for it to retreat and repair itself , unless 50 % of my ships are currently retreating .
If that happens –
GSB : You can not program your own behavior .
You can choose from several pre-programmed behaviors .
Would you like to have your ships try to concentrate their fire on one target , or fire uselessly at several targets ?
Curtis :
Why the hell is the latter option even an option ?
Of course I want to concentrate fire ; the faster I eliminate ships , the less fire my ships receive !
GSB : You may also choose the priority of which ships you want attacked .
Curtis : Let ’s set my Good Space Ship to attack other Cruisers .
GSB : What max range to you want to set it at ?
Curtis :
What do you mean , max range ?
Is that the range my ships will try to approach before firing , will my ships stop firing if they go beyond that max range , will my ships only approach targets within that range , or is that the max range my ship will stay between it and the opposing ship ?
GSB : …
Curtis : Fine , whatever .
I ’m going to just deploy some more Good Space Ships .
GSB : You may not deploy any more Good Space Ships .
Check the Spatial Anomalies for more information .
Curtis :
Is that why my Plasma Rifle thing is highlighted orange ?
GSB : You must go to the Spatial Anomalies Screen .
Curtis : Okay , fine , take me there .
GSB : Welcome to the Spatial Anomalies Screen .
You may only use 5 Plasma Rifles on this map and 10 Frigate Armors , and 7 Shield Defense System–
Curtis :
Is there any way , either on the the shipbuilding screen or on the deployment screen , to access this information ?
You know , so I can see how many more doohickeys I have left while I ’m designing the ships for this level –
GSB : No .
You may return to the Spatial Anomalies Screen to find the–
Curtis :
You son of a bitch .
Fuck it , let ’s battle .
GSB : Welcome to the battle .
Curtis : Okay , let ’s zoom out a bit , this is a little claustrophobic –
GSB : You are already at maximum zoom level .
Curtis : Just kill me .
Just kill me now .
How about this , let ’s speed up the battle , since I have no control over the battle anyway .
GSB : Y- o- u- — a- r- e- — n- o- w- — a- t- — 2 - x- — s- p–
Curtis :
It ’s not faster , it ’s just jerkier !
Fuck this , I ’m going to go buy a model rocket .
Do they still sell model rockets ?
In short :
Gratuitous Space Battles is an interesting idea , but a horrible user interface , nearly non-existent documentation and explanations , and boneheaded AI cripple it .
At most , this game has about two hours of playability .
Bugs , such as the fact that the “ Speed Up Battle ” function worked fine half the time , and then other times did n’t work at all , make even those two hours occasionally frustrating .
A game like this is about information .
Essentially , it ’s trying to be one of those old tabletop strategy games , which were basically games based on spreadsheets .
Those games work when you have the information readily accessible .
This game hides the information at every turn .
I bought this game on sale for $ 10 , which was $ 8 more than it was worth .
Play Sins of a Solar Empire instead .
– Curtis Retherford
Call her Air Anderson .
This up - and - coming New Jersey high school basketball player is only 16 , but Marvadene Anderson is already a giant on the court .
At just under 6 - foot - 11 — and still growing — she ’s the world ’s tallest teenage girl .
The Jamaican - born hoopster , who could tower over legendary ballplayers like Michael Jordan ( 6 - 6 ) and LeBron James ( 6 - 8 ) , was the highest - scoring “ netball ” player in her country — a sport similar to basketball .
That on - court prowess earned her a scholarship to Rutgers Prep in Somerset , and for the last two months she ’s been hitting the hardwood to learn the rules of basketball .
The Argonauts center was a standout with her teammates during a practice game Wednesday , where she played alongside pint - sized point guard Arielle Sherman , 15 , who at 5 - foot - 2 barely reaches Anderson ’s elbow .
PHOTOS : MARVEDENE TOWERS ON THE COURT
Get more high school sports coverage at The Post !
Anderson uses her size to intimidate her opponents , block shots and make easy layups .
“ Everyone has come up to me and asked if I play college basketball .
I told them I ’m only a sophomore in high school .
They gasped when I told them , ” Anderson said .
The gal giant , whose family remained in Jamaica , was taken in by Enid Angus , who discovered her talents .
“ She ’s my heart .
I committed to treating her like my own , ” she told the Asbury Park Press .
Anderson said she got her nickname “ Bubbles ” because of her good humor .
“ People are friendly with me because of my height and my personality .
If I was tall and mean , I think I ’d have a problem , ” she said .
The biggest problem “ Bubbles ” seems to have is adjusting to the cold weather and finding clothes and shoes to fit her 210 - pound frame and size - 12 feet .
As a schoolgirl back home , Marvadene confessed , she was teased a lot .
“ They call me ‘ baby giant , ’ and my older sister Kimberly is 6 - foot - 4 .
They call us the Twin Towers , ” she said .
“ The rudest thing anybody ever said about my height is that I ’m not going to be able to find a husband . ”
Rutgers coach Mary Coyle - Klinger and her sister , former WNBA coach Pat Coyle , have been working with their new star .
Anderson picked up six points in her first game on Dec. 10 and Coyle - Klinger was not disappointed .
“ Of course she is going to be a star , ” she said .
“ She ’s a natural .
She ’s only been playing two months and it ’s amazing how well she ’s adapted . ”
perry.chiaramonte@nypost.com
The Great Firewall Of China .
Oops .
I guess we can add a certain beautiful infographics website to that ban list .
Data here .
Update 1 : There ’s a more detailed , annotated version on The Guardian Datablog .
In this article I ’m going to explain the basic uses of – and differences between – some of the various types of array - like containers you can use in Unity .
If you have n’t heard of arrays before , they can be described as a single variable with a series of “ compartments ” , where each compartment can contain a value .
They ’re useful if you want to deal with a collection of values or objects together .
In a game programming situation , you might use an array to store a reference to every enemy in your scene , or as a container for collected items in the player ’s inventory .
Arrays can be ‘ iterated over ’ , which is a fancy way of saying that you can go through each item in your array in sequence , and inspect or perform functions on each item in turn .
( This post has been updated to account for new features in Unity 3 which were not present when the article was originally written – namely , support in Unity ’s Javascript for generics and 2D arrays ) .
There are many types of containers , and a few of them use the name “ array ” , but there are other types too .
The broader term “ collection ” can be used to describe all these types of containers .
These are the types of collection that I ’ll be describing in this article :
Built - in arrays
Javascript Arrays
ArrayLists
Hashtables
Generic Lists
Generic Dictionaries
2D Arrays
There are other types for more specialised situations , but I have selected these as being some of the basic staples of programming .
Because Unity is built on Mono , which is an open - source implementation of .
Net , you have access to most of .
Net ’s collection types .
All of the above types are standard .
Net types , with the exception of the “ Javascript Array ” .
The “ Javascript Array ” is a type which is added into the Unity Engine , and is only available if you ’re using the Javascript syntax in Unity – it ’s not available if you ’re using C# .
However , it is essentially just a wrapper for the ArrayList class – which is available in C# – with a different set of functions provided .
If you ’re coming to Unity having used Javascript or a Javascript - like language ( such as ActionScript ) elsewhere outside of Unity , it ’s important to be aware of these underlying differences , and bear in mind that Unity ’s Javascript is n’t “ real ” Javascript – it ’s just .
Net with a different syntax laid over the top !
All types of collections share a few common features :
You can fill them with objects , and read back the values that you put in .
You can ‘ iterate ’ through them , which means you can create a loop which runs the same piece of code against each item in the collection .
You can get the length of the collection .
For most collections – but not all – you can arbitrarily add and remove items at any position , and sort their contents .
Below , I describe some of the most common types of collection , along with their pros and cons , and some of their most useful properties and methods .
Built - in Arrays
The most basic type of array , available in both JS and C# , is the built - in array .
The main shortcoming of built - in arrays is that they have a fixed - size ( which you choose when you declare the array ) , however this shortcoming is balanced by their very fast performance .
For this reason , built - in arrays are the best choice if you need the fastest performance possible from your code ( for example , if you ’re targeting iPhone ) .
If there is a fixed and known number of items that you want to store , this is the best choice .
It ’s also common to use this type of array if you have a varying number of items to store , but you can decide on a ‘ maximum ’ for the number of objects that you ’ll need .
You can then leave some of the elements in the array null when they ’re not required , and design your code around this .
For example , for the bullets in a shooting game , you may decide to use an array of size 50 , allowing a maximum of 50 active bullets at any one time .
This type of array is also useful because it ’s one of the type osf array which show up in Unity ’s inspector window .
This means that a built - in array ia good choice if you want to populate its contents in the Unity editor , by dragging and dropping references .
It ’s also usually the type of array you get back from Unity functions , if you use a function which may return a number of objects , such as GetComponentsInChildren .
Built - in arrays are declared by specifying the type of object you want to store , followed by brackets .
Eg :
Basic Declaration & Use :
C #
// declaration TheType[ ] myArray = new TheType[lengthOfArray ] ; // declaration example using ints int [ ] myNumbers = new int [ 10 ] ; // declaration example using GameObjects GameObject [ ] enemies = new GameObject [ 16 ] ; // get the length of the array int howBig = myArray .
Length ; // set a value at position i myArray [ i ] = newValue ; // get a value from position i TheType this Value = myArray [ i ] ;
Javascript
// declaration var myArray = new TheType[lengthOfArray ] ; // declaration example using ints var myNumbers = new int [ 10 ] ; // declaration example using GameObjects var enemies = new GameObject [ 16 ] ; // get the length of the array var howBig = enemies .
Length ; // set a value at position i myArray [ i ] = newValue ; // get a value from position i var this Value = myArray [ i ]
Full MSDN Documentation for Built - in Array
Some direct links to useful Functions / Methods of Built - in Arrays :
IndexOf , LastIndexOf , Reverse , Sort , Clear , Clone
Javascript Arrays
The ‘ Javascript Array ’ in unity is a special class that is provided in addition to the standard . net classes .
You can only declare them if you are using a Javascript syntax script – you ca n’t declare them in C#.
Javascript arrays are dynamic in size , which means you do n’t have to specify a fixed size .
You can add and remove items to the array , and the array will grow and shrink in size accordingly .
You also do n’t have to specify the type of object you want to store .
You can put objects of any type into a Javascript array , even mixed types in the same array .
Javascript arrays are therefore somewhat easier to use than built - in arrays , however they are a bit more costly in terms of performance ( although performance cost here is only worth worrying about if you are dealing with very large numbers of objects , or if you ’re targeting the iPhone ) .
Another potential downside is that there are certain situations where you need to use explicit casting when retrieving items because of their ‘ untyped ’ nature – despite Javascript ’s dynamic typing .
Basic Declaration & Use :
( Javascript Only )
// declaration var myArray = new Array ( ) ; // add an item to the end of the array myArray .
Add( anItem ) ; // retrieve an item from position i var this Item = myArray [ i ] ; // removes an item from position i myArray .
RemoveAt( i ) ; // get the length of the Array var howBig = myArray.
length ;
Full Unity Documentation for Javascript Array
Some direct links to useful Functions / Methods of Unity ’s Javascript Arrays :
Concat , Join , Push , Add , Pop , Shift , RemoveAt , Unshift , Clear , Reverse , Sort
ArrayLists
The ArrayList is a .
Net class , and is very similar to the Javascript Array mentioned previously , but this time available in both JS and C#. Like JS Arrays , ArrayLists are dynamic in size , so you can add and remove items , and the array will grow and shrink in size to fit .
ArrayLists are also untyped , so you can add items of any kind , including a mixture of types in the same ArrayList .
ArrayLists are also similarly a little more costly when compared to the blazingly fast performance of built - in arrays .
ArrayLists have a wider set of features compared to JS Arrays , although neither of their feature sets completely overlaps the other .
Basic Declaration & Use :
Javascript
// declaration var myArrayList = new ArrayList ( ) ; // add an item to the end of the array myArrayList .
Add( anItem ) ; // change the value stored at position i myArrayList [ i ] = newValue ; // retrieve an item from position i var this Item : The Type = myArray[i ] ; ( note the required casting ! ) // remove an item from position i myArray .
RemoveAt( i ) ; // get the length of the array var howBig = myArray .
Count ;
C #
// declaration ArrayList myArrayList = new ArrayList ( ) ; // add an item to the end of the array myArrayList .
Add( anItem ) ; // change the value stored at position i myArrayList [ i ] = newValue ; // retrieve an item from position i TheType this Item = ( The Type ) myArray [ i ] ; // remove an item from position i myArray .
RemoveAt( i ) ; // get the number of items in the ArrayList var howBig = myArray .
Count ;
Full MSDN Documentation for ArrayList
Some direct links to useful Functions / Methods of the ArrayList :
Add , Insert , Remove , RemoveAt , Clear , Clone , Contains , IndexOf , LastIndexOf , GetRange , SetRange , AddRange , InsertRange , RemoveRange , Reverse , Sort , ToArray
Hashtables
A Hashtable is a type of collection where each item is made up of a “ Key and Value ” pair .
It ’s most commonly used in situations where you want to be able to do a quick look - up based on a certain single value .
The piece of information that you use to perform the look - up is the ‘ key ’ , and the object that is returned is the “ Value ” .
If you are familiar with web development , it ’s similar to the type of data in a GET or POST request , where every value passed has a corresponding name .
With a Hashtable however , both the keys and the values can be any type of object .
For most practical applications , it ’s usually the case that your keys are going to be all the same type ( eg , strings ) and your values are likely to be all of the same type too ( eg , GameObjects , or some other class instance ) .
As with ArrayLists , because Hashtable keys and values are untyped , you usually have to deal with the type casting yourself when you retrieve values from the collection .
Hashtables are designed for situations where you want to be able to quickly pick out a certain item from your collection , using some unique identifying key – similar to the way you might select a record from a database using an index , or the way you might pick out the contact details of a person using their name as the ‘ unique identifier ’ .
Basic Declaration & Use :
Javascript
// declaration var myHashtable = new Hashtable ( ) ; // insert or change the value for the given key myHashtable [ any Key ] = newValue ; // retrieve a value for the given key var this Value : ValueType = myHashtable [ theKey ] ; ( note the required type casting ) // get the number of items in the Hashtable var howBig = myHashtable .
Count ; // remove the key & value pair from the Hashtable , for the given key . myHashtable .Remove ( theKey ) ;
C #
// declaration Hashtable myHashtable = new Hashtable ( ) ; // insert or change the value for the given key myHashtable [ any Key ] = newValue ; // retrieve a value for the given key ValueType this Value = ( ValueType ) myHashtable [ theKey ] ; // get the number of items in the Hashtable int howBig = myHashtable .
Count ; // remove the key & value pair from the Hashtable , for the given key . myHashtable .Remove ( theKey ) ;
Full MSDN Documentation for Hashtable Members
Some direct links to useful Functions / Methods of the HashTable :
Add , Remove , ContainsKey , ContainsValue , Clear
Generic List
First of all corrections to the original article : Generics are not supported at all on iPhone , ( generics are now supported in Unity 3 iOS ! ) .
In addition , you ca n’t declare Generics in unity ’s Javascript , ( you can now declare generics in Unity 3 ’s Javascript ! ) .
The Generic List ( also known as List ) is similar to the JS Array and the ArrayList , in that they have a dynamic size , and support arbitrary adding , getting and removing of items .
The significant difference with the Generic List ( and all other ‘ Generic ’ type classes ) , is that you explicitly specify the type to be used when you declare it – in this case , the type of object that the List will contain .
Once you ’ve declared it , you can only add objects of the correct type – and because of this restriction , you get two significant benefits :
no need to do any type casting of the values when you come to retrieve them .
performs significantly faster than ArrayList
This means that if you were going to create an ArrayList , but you know that you will only be putting objects of one specific type of object into it , ( and you know that type in advance ) you ’re generally better off using a Generic List .
For me , this tends to be true pretty much all the time .
The generic collections are not part of the standard System .
Collections namespace , so to use them , you need to add a line a the top of any script in which you want to use them :
using System .
Collections .
Generic ;
Basic Declaration & Use :
JS :
// declaration var myList = new List . < Type >( ) ; // a real - world example of declaring a List of ' ints ' var someNumbers = new List . < int > ( ) ; // a real - world example of declaring a List of ' GameObjects ' var enemies = new List . < GameObject >( ) ; // add an item to the end of the List myList .
Add( the Item ) ; // change the value in the List at position i myList [ i ] = newItem ; // retrieve the item at position i var this Item = List[ i ] ; // remove the item from position i myList.
RemoveAt( i ) ;
C# :
// declaration List < Type > myList = new List < Type >( ) ; // a real - world example of declaring a List of ' ints ' List < int > someNumbers = new List < int >( ) ; // a real - world example of declaring a List of ' GameObjects ' List < GameObject > enemies = new List < GameObject >( ) ; // add an item to the end of the List myList .
Add( the Item ) ; // change the value in the List at position i myList [ i ] = newItem ; // retrieve the item at position i Type this Item = List[ i ] ; // remove the item from position i myList.
RemoveAt( i ) ;
Full MSDN Documentation for Generic List
Some direct links to useful Methods of the Generic List :
Add , Insert , Remove , RemoveAll , RemoveAt , Contains , IndexOf , LastIndexOf , Reverse , Sort , Clear , AddRange , GetRange , InsertRange , RemoveRange , ToArray
Generic Dictionary
This is another Generic class , so the same restrictions used to apply ( unsupported on iPhone , and not declarable in Unity ’s Javascript ) .
And the same corrections now stand : Since Unity 3 , generics are now supported in Unity iOS and in Unity ’s Javascript !.
The Generic Dictionary is to the Hashtable what the Generic List is to the ArrayList .
The Generic Dictionary provides you with a structure for quickly looking up items from a collection ( like the Hashtable ) , but it differs from the Hashtable in that you must specify explictly the types for the Keys and Values up - front , when you declare it .
Because of this , you get similar benefits to those mentioned in the Generic List .
Namely , no annoying casting needed when using the Dictionary , and a significant performance increase compared to the Hashtable .
Because you need to specify the types for both the Keys and the Values , the declaration line can end up a little long and wordy .
However , once you ’ve overcome this they are great to work with !
Again , to use this , you ’ll need to include the Generic Collections package by including this line at the top of your script :
using System .
Collections .
Generic ;
Basic Declaration & Use :
JS :
// declaration : var myDictionary = new Dictionary .< KeyType , ValueType >( ) ; // and a real - world declaration example ( where ' Person ' is a custom class ) : var myContacts = new Dictionary . < string , Person >( ) ; // insert or change the value for the given key myDictionary [ any Key ] = newValue ; // retrieve a value for the given key var this Value = myDictionary [ theKey ] ; // get the number of items in the Hashtable var howBig = myDictionary .
Count ; // remove the key & value pair from the Hashtable , for the given key .
myDictionary .Remove ( theKey ) ;
C# :
// declaration : Dictionary < KeyType , ValueType > myDictionary = new Dictionary < KeyType , ValueType >( ) ; // and a real - world declaration example ( where ' Person ' is a custom class ) : Dictionary < string , Person > myContacts = new Dictionary < string , Person >( ) ; // insert or change the value for the given key myDictionary [ any Key ] = newValue ; // retrieve a value for the given key ValueType this Value = myDictionary [ theKey ] ; // get the number of items in the Hashtable int howBig = myDictionary .
Count ; // remove the key & value pair from the Hashtable , for the given key .
myDictionary .Remove ( theKey ) ;
Full MSDN Documentation for Dictionary ( TKey , TValue )
Some direct links to useful Methods of the Generic Dictionary :
Add , Remove , ContainsKey , ContainsValue , Clear
2D Array
So far , all the examples of Arrays and Collections listed above have been one - dimensional structures , but there may be an occasion where you need to place data into an array with more dimensions .
A typical game - related example of this is a tile - based map .
You might have a ‘ map ’ array which should have a width and a height , and a piece of data in each cell which determines the tile to display .
It is also possible to have arrays with more than two dimensions , such as a 3D array or a 4D array – however if you have a need for a 3D or 4D array , you ’re probably advanced enough to not require an explanation of how to use them !
There are two methods of implementing a multi-dimensional array .
There are “ real ” multi- dimensional arrays , and there are “ Jagged ” arrays .
The difference is this :
With a “ real ” 2D array , your array has a fixed “ width ” and “ height ” ( although they are not called width & height ) .
You can refer to a location in your 2d array like this : myArray[x , y ] .
In contrast , “ Jagged ” arrays are n’t real 2D arrays , because they are created by using nested one - dimensional arrays .
In this respect , what you essentially have is a one - dimensional outer array which might represent your ‘ rows ’ , and each item contained in this outer array is actually an inner array which represents the cells in that row .
To refer to a location in a jagged array , you would typically use something like this : myArray[y ] [ x ] .
Usually , “ real ” 2D arrays are preferable , because they are simpler to set up and work with , however there are some valid cases for using jagged arrays .
Such cases usually make use of the fact that – with a jagged array – each ‘ inner ’ array does n’t have to be the same length ( hence the origin of the term “ jagged ” ) .
Another important correction is that Unity ’s Javascript used to have no support for creating 2D arrays – however since Unity 3.2 , Unity ’s JS now supports this .
Basic Declaration & Use of “ real ” 2D arrays :
JS :
// declaration : // a 16 x 4 array of strings var myArray = new string [ 16,4 ] ; // and a real - world declaration example ( where ' Tile ' is a user - created custom class ) : // create an array to hold a map of 32x32 tiles var map = new Tile [ 32,32 ] ; // set the value at a given location in the array myArray[x , y ] = newValue ; // retrieve a value from a given location in the array var this Value = myArray[x , y ] ; // get the length of 1st dimension of the array var width = myArray.
GetUpperBound(0 ) ; // get the length of 2nd dimension of the array var length = myArray.
GetUpperBound ( 1 ) ;
C# :
// declaration : // a 16 x 4 array of strings string [ , ] myArray = new string [ 16,4 ] ; // and a real - world declaration example ( where ' Tile ' is a user - created custom class ) : // create an array to hold a map of 32x32 tiles Tile [ , ] map = new Tile [ 32,32 ] ; // set the value at a given location in the array myArray[x , y ] = newValue ; // retrieve a value from a given location in the array ValueType this Value = myArray[x , y ] ; // get the length of 1st dimension of the array int width = myArray.
GetUpperBound(0 ) ; // get the length of 2nd dimension of the array int length = myArray .
GetUpperBound ( 1 ) ;
While I ’ve covered some of the basic code for declaring and using each of the types of collections above , I have n’t given examples of code to show how these collections can be iterated over , perform actions on each item in the collection .
For more information on how to do this for each type of collection , follow the “ full documentation ” links that I ’ve provided above for each type , where you ’ll find sample code showing this .
If you ’re still with me , well done for reading this far !
I hope you ’ve found this article useful .
Let me know if you have any suggestions to make it better .
– Ben
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
A golden rule for journalists is to report the story , not become it .
Unfortunately for Amanda Lindhout , this was not the case .
Kidnapped in Somalia , the Canadian journalist endured 15 months of captivity before her release this week .
Snatched along with Australian photographer Nigel Brennan in August 2008 , the pair says they were beaten , tortured and left alone , often without food .
The sad details of what they experienced will emerge in coming weeks as they return home and begin to heal .
( Both were reported Friday to be in good condition at a Nairobi hospital . )
But their release has also sparked discussion about journalists in conflict zones – and questions about Lindhout 's credentials .
Online blogs note her dozens of Facebook photos striking glamorous poses amid conflict .
Gutsy reporter ?
Or naive thrill - seeker ?
The fact is , journalists , experienced or not , get kidnapped .
They have been grabbed in unprecedented numbers in the past five years and victims include respected reporters like The New York Times ' David Rohde , who was held by the Taliban for eight months until he managed to escape in June .
Many media outlets send their staff to " hostile environment training " courses to help prepare for this reality , among others .
In 2006 , I spent a memorable week in a Virginia field getting roughed up by ex-British marines , who seemed to relish the opportunity to yank me out of the car by my hair and throw a burlap sack on my head in a fake hostage - taking .
But that 's the difference when you work for the Star or major news outlets , as opposed to when you freelance .
The paper pays for training and to protect journalists in the field .
There 's also the preparation .
Before a brief trip to Mogadishu with a photographer , I had spent weeks researching , contacting dozens of local journalists and Somalis , and hired a driver and guards from various clans .
" What most people I know do – what I do – is to make every effort to talk to people who have already done what you are considering , placing the greatest trust in those who most recently made the journey down that road , into that village , etc. , " says my colleague Mitch Potter , who has extensive experience reporting in the world 's hotspots .
" And , often , you end up cancelling or altering plans based on what you hear . "
Lindhout , by most accounts , had done little of this .
The 28 - year - old Alberta native certainly had experience travelling through war zones in Iraq , Afghanistan and elsewhere , but as New York Times journalist Jeffrey Gettleman wrote recently , Somalia redefines chaos .
Anyone under the age of 18 in Mogadishu has grown up amid poverty and anarchy .
Kidnappings , like piracy , are one of the few ways to make money .
Guns are everywhere .
Norwegian photojournalist and cameraman André Liohn has experience in Somalia and ran into Lindhout in Ethiopia prior to her trip .
After her kidnapping he said he was impressed with her bravery but noted , " You can not just come to the city and go out looking for stories . "
One journalist generous in her help of others is Nairobi - based Voice of America reporter Alisha Ryu .
She has taken many risks and has the scar on her neck from a Baghdad bombing as proof .
She is in and out of Somalia and knows the terrain intimately .
" I think she probably should have reached out to people who had been there .
The situation in Somalia changes almost on a daily situation , " says Ryu .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" It is really tempting to go into a conflict zone and make your name there and to move up the ladder and be recognized .
That 's totally understandable .
But without a real organization behind you to supply the resources , the money to hire the fixers , drivers , security , whatever you need in order to protect yourself , it 's difficult . "
But what happens when the financial constraints in the news business mean media outlets are reluctant to foot the cost of foreign reporting ?
And what does it mean these days to be a journalist when anyone with a blog is supposedly " reporting ? "
Foreign work is increasingly falling to freelancers , experienced or not .
And when their livelihood is based on selling the story that others can't get , it makes places like Somalia attractive .
Star correspondent Paul Watson , who won a Pulitzer Prize for his photo of a dead U.S. soldier being dragged through the streets of Mogadishu in 1993 and spent weeks criss - crossing Afghanistan with the Taliban , says he hates the hand - wringing that goes on among " journalists , overpaid security consultants and other adrenaline junkies who flit around war zones " following a kidnapping .
" We need to know what 's going on in the darkest corners of the world .
So we should give thanks to the people willing to stick their necks out and tell us from street - level , not second - guess them when things go wrong . "
Why should n't Lindhout have tried to get her story – who are we to judge ?
It 's a valid question , but one that also must be asked is how does our reporting impact others ?
First concern should be for those you have asked to help – the drivers , fixers , translators and sources .
" If those people get hurt as a result of you , there is a degree of responsibility , " says Ryu .
Somali Prime Minister Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke , a Canadian , was clearly overjoyed by Lindhout and Brennan 's release when we talked Thursday , but did note , " Some people really risked their lives to get them from where they were . "
Somalia is a country crying out for coverage .
Risks need to be taken .
The question is , which ones .
Dmitriy T.M. sent in the clip below in which Senator Lindsey Graham ( R – South Carolina ) explains that health care reform will be bad because it will require his state to subsidize health care for poor people … and black people :
Graham ’s mistake is a common one and one that contributes to penalizing and inhumane treatment of the poor in the U.S.
He is conflating race and class .
White people = not poor ; black people = poor .
Therefore , a high percentage of black people = a drain on society .
Here ’s the reality : a higher percentage of the black population is poor , compared to whites .
BUT , and this is a big “ but , ” most poor people are white because white people make up between 70 and 75 % of the U.S. population .
However , a belief that that poor people tend to be black and black people tend to be poor is useful for those who want to stifle any redistribution of wealth .
The conflation means that opposition to policies designed to alleviate the suffering of poverty can be based in both classism and racism .
Kerrville police last weekend arrested a 53 - year - old woman who authorities say repeatedly calls 911 when she 's intoxicated to report incidents that are n't emergencies .
Elsa Benson was arrested without incident around 8 p.m. last Friday , when two officers arrived at her home in the 300 block of Blanks Street .
She faces one count of silent abusive calls to 911 and was held on a $ 1,000 bond .
This is the second time Benson has been arrested in connection with silent abusive calls to 911 .
Police said she called 911 twice the evening of Dec. 18 - she hung up once , and the second time , a dispatcher heard her screaming in the background .
Arriving officers noted she smelled strongly of alcohol , said Kerrville Police Department spokesman Paul Gonzales , and she was yelling incomprehensively .
" While attempting to understand what she was talking about , she advised the reason she 'd called 911 is because her husband would not eat his supper , " he said .
Officers have referred Benson to Texas Department of Family and Protective Services ' Adult Protective Services .
In the past six months , Benson has called 911 more than 30 times , Gonzales said .
Her arrest record dates back to March 1994 .
Since then , she has been booked in jail three times for public intoxication , once for theft and once , in January 2008 , for alleged silent abusive calls .
" We 're hoping that with other agency interactions , and with her facing the court system , we can educate her in some form or fashion that she 's not supposed to do this , " Gonzales said .
" It 's not only tying up resources - it inhibits the officers and resources away from other situations that may be taking place - but it also gets frustrating when we have officers respond to find out there was nothing to it . "
It was not immediately clear if Benson remains in jail Wednesday morning .
Gonzales said Benson , and anyone else needing police assistance on an incident that is not a life - threatening emergency , is asked to please call Kerrville Police Department 's non-emergency line , ( 830 ) 257-8181 .
The White House has more here : White House on Declassification
* It establishes a National Declassification Center at the National Archives to enable agency reviewers to perform collaborative declassification in accordance with priorities developed by the Archivist with input from the general public .
* For the first time , it establishes the principle that no records may remain classified indefinitely and provides enforceable deadlines for declassifying information exempted from automatic declassification at 25 years .
* For the first time , it requires agencies to conduct fundamental classification guidance reviews to ensure that classification guides are up - to - date and that they do not require unnecessary classification .
* It eliminates an Intelligence Community veto of certain decisions by the Interagency Security Classification Appeals Panel that was introduced in the Bush order .
While the Government must be able to prevent the public disclosure of information that would compromise the national security , a democratic government accountable to the people must be as transparent as possible and must not withhold information for self - serving reasons or simply to avoid embarrassment .
This is humongous .
I 'm surprised no one has blogged on this at all .
Essentially the government cannot keep secrets forever and the Intelligence agencies have to comply with the order and cannot veto it unlike the Bush administration .
The public shall gain access to these records no later than December 2013 .
Just some good news on this dreary day .
UPDATE : Here 's Charlie Savage of the NYTimes : NyTimes Article
… not because of the dirty pictures themselves , but because of what the hysterical adults will do to you if they find them .
The latest case comes from Iowa , where the state 's supreme court just upheld the 2005 conviction and sentence of Jorge Canal .
While he was 18 , a 14 - year - old female friend asked Canal to send her a picture of his penis .
Even the Iowa Supreme Court acknowledges that the photo was at her request , that the two were n't romantically involved , and that the whole exchange was intended to be a joke .
Nevertheless , it upheld Canal 's conviction and sentence , which comes with the requirement that he register as a sex offender , likely for the rest of his life .
Dr. Marty Klein of the Sexual Intelligence blog comments :
All these adults were supposedly attempting to protect Iowa 's young people–by punishing this kid who was fooling around with a pal .
So let 's spend a moment in the real world ( which none of these adults seem to inhabit ) .
Which is likely to hurt this 14 - year - old girl more — seeing a 2 - square - inch photo of a friend 's erect penis , or being the reason that this friend will spend time in jail and decades as a registered sex offender ?
Her life is now ruined ( in addition , of course , to his ) , because of her criminally negligent parents , criminally ambitious prosecutor , and 12 jury members who failed to protect people who needed justice but received only wrath .
For a fine example of the circular logic behind these laws , consider the defense of them Pat Trueman , counsel to a religious advocacy group called the Alliance Defense Fund , gave to a local TV station :
" This was a serious offense .
He was producing obscenity and distributing obscenity , and to a minor at that , " … " But he also has to register as a sex offender — and [ he ] may be on that sex offender registry for a lifetime , " Trueman adds .
" So if anyone had any doubts , sexting is a very serious crime — and kids better get to know that . "
Sexting is n't a " serious crime " because it causes irreparable damage to the senders and recipients of nude photos .
It 's a serious crime because Iowa lawmakers , prosecutors , and people like Pat Trueman have decided they want to ruin the lives of kids who engage in it .
Be sure to read Nancy Rommelmann 's terrific sexting article from our July 2009 issue , " Anatomy of a Child Pornographer . "
UPDATE : Link to Dr. Klein 's site is fixed .
HIV Travel / Immigration Ban : Background , Documentation
This background article addresses two different audiences .
It is both an introduction for persons not familiar with AIDS and the HIV exclusion issue , and also a resource for activists ; it includes information not generally available or not published before .
Chronology
* The U. S. Public Health Service ( PHS ) has long maintained a list of “ dangerous and contagious diseases , ” mostly sexually - transmitted diseases , for excluding persons for public - health reasons from the United States .
This list is widely regarded as obsolete by health experts .
* In June 1987 the PHS , under pressure from President Reagan , added AIDS to the list , but noted that the exclusion was not based on any new scientific knowledge and that “ AIDS is not spread by casual contact which is the usual public concept of contagious . ”
* In July 1987 the “ Helms amendment ” by Senator Jesse Helms ( Republican , North Carolina ) added HIV infection to the exclusion list .
Because AIDS was already on the list , Congress thought the change was not important , and through a political compromise the amendment was passed unanimously in the Senate .
Later , however , it would be argued that since Congress had put HIV on the list , only Congress could take it off — although in regard to all other diseases , the list was maintained by the PHS .
* In April 1989 Dutch AIDS educator Hans Paul Verhoef , on his way to an AIDS conference in San Francisco , was detained in Minneapolis by the U. S. Immigration and Naturalization Service ( INS ) , an arm of the Department of Justice , when AZT was found in
his luggage .
Through legal action by the conference organizers , a waiver was obtained , but only when the conference was ending .
The AIDS community then realized that the June 1990 Sixth International Conference on AIDS in San Francisco , the major scientific meeting on AIDS in the year , could be disrupted because persons with HIV would be unable to travel to San Francisco to attend .
A year ’s effort by the Conference organizers and the AIDS community failed to end the ban ; various waiver rules were devised , but there were problems with them .
Because of the travel ban , over 70 AIDS , medical , and government organizations , including the International Red Cross , the British Medical Association , and the European Parliament , boycotted the meeting .
Although the Conference organizers sent waiver instructions to potential delegates and organized legal panels in case of problems at the border , it is likely that thousands of people stayed away ; thousands of others demonstrated at the San Francisco meeting .
As a result of this experience , Harvard
University , which had been selected to organize the May 1992 Eighth International Conference on AIDS in Boston , announced that it would withdraw its sponsorship unless persons with HIV were able to travel freely to attend .
* In March 1990 public - health experts at the U. S. Centers for Disease Control recommended that all diseases except active tuberculosis be removed from the list of excludable conditions ; HIV was left on the proposed list because it had been put on by Congress .
The Public Health Service never acted on this proposal .
* In November 1990 the Immigration Reform Act of 1990 was signed .
It directed the CDC to establish a new list of excludable conditions , based solely on “ current epidemiological principles and medical standards , ” by June 1 , 1991 .
* On January 23 , 1991 , the CDC published in the Federal Register its proposal that only active tuberculosis remain on the list of excludable conditions .
( Other provisions of the law allow exclusion of persons with a dangerous mental disorder , one who abuses drugs , or one likely to become a “ public charge , ” i.e. , to require government assistance .
These sections have not been involved in the HIV controversy , however . )
* During a 30 - day public comment period on this proposed rule , right - wing religious leaders generated 35,000 postcards and letters opposed to removing the HIV exclusion .
And in Congress a letter from the Republican Study Committee , circulated by Representative William E. Dannemeyer ( Republican , California ) and signed by 67 members of the House of Representatives , opposed removing the ban .
Opponents focused their arguments on immigration , not on travel , although for technical legal reasons it will be difficult to separate the two without new legislation , meaning that if the list proposed by the PHS ( excluding only active tuberculosis ) is not accepted , the travel ban will also continue .
* About a week before the June 1 deadline , a major dispute surfaced between the U. S. Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) and the U. S. Department of Justice ; the latter opposed removing HIV from the list .
Until shortly before that time , no one in the AIDS community had known that the Department of Justice was involved in the issue ; the law clearly gives sole authority to establish this list to HHS .
But politically , although the two departments have theoretically equal Cabinet rank , Justice is closer to the White House , and therefore likely to win a dispute ; in addition , the 35,000 letters opposed , and the letter from 67 members of Congress , gave it additional advantage .
* Because of this conflict between Federal departments , an interim rule was put into effect last Saturday , June 1 , and a new public comment period was extended for 60 days .
The interim rule keeps the current exclusion list , including tuberculosis , HIV , and a number of other diseases , and keeps the waiver provisions negotiated in advance of the June 1990 International Conference on AIDS in San Francisco .
However , this “ interim ” rule will not expire after the 60 days .
It will remain indefinitely until replaced by another rule .
Without an outpouring of public support for removing HIV from the list , the PHS will be reluctant to implement the decision — even one unanimously supported by medical and public - health experts .
The current policy will continue — including the travel ban , which will affect the May 1992 International Conference on AIDS in Boston .
Also continuing will be the deportation of HIV - positive applicants under the immigration Amnesty program , who have lived in the United States for at least nine years and almost certainly were infected here
— a policy which will certainly bring disrepute onto the United States .
The Opposition
Who is opposed to the PHS proposal to remove HIV from the list ?
What are their arguments ?
Three sources of opposition have surfaced : the 35,000 pieces of mail opposed , the 67 members of the House of Representatives , and the Justice Department .
We will look at each in turn .
1. The Mail Campaign
According to a health department official quoted by The New York Times ( May 26 , page 1 ) , much of the mail was generated by an evangelical broadcaster .
We have not seen any of the broadcasts ( we have heard there were a number of them ) , but we have received a copy of a mailing from the Christian Action Network of Forest , Virginia .
The mailing opens — even above the salutation — with the following :
“ Are there not enough homosexuals with AIDS in the United States that we now need to import more ?
“ That ’s exactly what ’s happening — more homosexuals , more AIDS , more death being brought to the United States – thanks to the liberals within the Department of Health and Human Services . ”
After the inside address — positioned for a window envelope — and salutation ( Dear Mrs.______ ) — the message continues :
“ I have but 30 days remaining to stop the Health and Human Services from approving a new policy that will allow homosexuals with AIDS to immigrate to the United States .
[ underlining in original ]
“ But as president of the Christian Action Network , I desperately need your help .
“ Please sign the enclosed postcard to HHS Secretary Dr. Louis Sullivan and mail it back to me at once .
There ’s no time to lose .
You and I must act today if we want to win this battle .
“ Your postcard demands that HHS Secretary Dr. Louis Sullivan abolish a new policy which would allow homosexuals with AIDS to immigrate to the United States .
“ And I need your postcard to help me convince Dr. Sullivan that Americans like you are outraged .
“ Without your signed postcard , HHS will surely cave - in to the demands of the militant homosexuals .
“ Never before in the history of the United States have homosexuals been allowed to immigrate to our blessed land .
“ And never before have AIDS patients been allowed to immigrate to the United States .
“ But now — even while this deadly disease ravages our land — the United States is considering a proposal that would …
“ …ALLOW HOMOSEXUALS WITH AIDS TO FREELY ENTER OUR COUNTRY AND SPREAD THEIR DISEASE TO UNTOLD THOUSANDS MORE AMERICANS . ”
Three pages later :
“ Yes , those liberals and homosexuals would gladly throw us out while they open America ’s doors to homosexuals with AIDS .
“ I ’m angered and I ’m ready for action .
“ But I need your postcard to help me in my battle to keep homosexuals with AIDS out of America .
“ I want to go before HHS Secretary Dr. Louis Sullivan and present him with your postcard .
And I want Congress to know about your anger .
“ I want to contact conservative opinion leaders in the media about your outrage .
“ I want to lobby the halls of Congress .
“ But first I need your signed postcard and whatever gift you can afford . ”
The rest of the mailing is mostly about money .
2. Congressional Opposition
The letter below , on letterhead of the Republican Study Committee and signed by 67 Republican members of the U. S. House of Representatives , opposes changing the HIV entry ban .
We reproduce it here so that the AIDS community will know what arguments are being made .
The two sides of this dispute have talked to each other so little that even though this letter was sent last February , we had to obtain our copy directly from the Republican Study Committee , as we could not find any AIDS organization which had one .
We also reproduce the letter because of ongoing confusion , and possible misrepresentation , of the position of the American Medical Association .
The Republican letter states that “ The AMA agrees that HIV - infected individuals should not be permitted to immigrate . ”
This directly contradicts the official position of the AMA , stated in a recent letter to Senator Kennedy , that “ The AMA has always opposed restrictions on HIV - infected immigrant travelers to the United States . ”
How many of the 67 Representatives would have signed the Republican letter on health policy if they had known that there was no medical or public health authority in support of its position ?
Note also that the figures from the Orange County Department of Health , included in the letter , refer to the immigration Amnesty program .
As we pointed out above , in order to enter the Amnesty program , these people needed to be living in the United States for at least the last nine years , and therefore they were almost surely infected here .
The $ 3 million dollar cost estimate assumes that all of them get sick and die of AIDS — 100 percent at public expense .
And it ignores the damage to the U. S. in world opprobrium , as persons infected here with HIV are deported to many countries throughout the world .
Also note that this letter distinguishes travelers and tourists from permanent immigrants , and argues only for excluding the latter .
But the law gives HHS no authority to make such a distinction — although that is what , “ at a minimum , ” the letter asks HHS to do .
It is easy to argue against foreigners with HIV immigrating to the United States , so this is the argument which is used .
But the practical effect is to exclude travelers , too .
The first sentence is also worth noting — since the Justice Department now claims the authority to stop HHS from removing HIV from the list .
Not even the 67 Congressmen who oppose the HHS position understood the law that way .
“ Dear Secretary Sullivan :
“ As you know , under the new immigration law passed last Congress , you have the discretion to revise the list of diseases used to exclude prospective immigrants who test positive for one or more communicable diseases .
For the disease to be removed from the list , you must determine that is not a “ communicable disease of public health significance . ” [ word ‘ it ’ omitted in original ]
“ The Federal Register , dated January 23 , indicated that you are ready to remove HIV infection as well as other sexually transmitted diseases from the list .
These reports come at a
time when the American Medical Association Report of the Board of Trustees recently stated that :
“ 1 . The worldwide failure to substantially slow the pace of HIV infection , and reports in the United States of relapse in prevention behavior , give a mixed outlook for the 1990’s .
“ 2 . No major scientific or medical breakthroughs occurred in the last year .
“ 3 . The AMA agrees that HIV - infected individuals should not be permitted to immigrate .
“ The American Medical Association concluded that all immigrants should be tested for the AIDS virus .
Their recommendation states : “ That the AMA support mandatory AIDS testing of …immigrants to the United States . ”
The report noted that immigrants “ have historically undergone a health assessment before admission into the citizenship process . ”
The exclusion of testing “ would be a change in a logical long - standing U. S. policy and difficult to justify on medical , scientific , or economic grounds . ”
“ We are writing to inform you of our strong opposition to this proposed change in law for the following reasons .
“ First we believe that the HIV carrier who is unaware of his infection poses the same public health risk as the carrier of an airborne communicable disease like tuberculosis .
As you know over 90 % of those carrying the AIDS virus do not know their serostatus , and therefore have absolutely no reason to change their behavior .
“ When the Ryan White bill became law last year , it provided hundreds of millions of dollars for assistance to selected cities hardest hit by the AIDS epidemic .
This is a first for the government to provide aid for the effects of a
single disease , $ 350 million in 1991 alone .
The bill ’s proponents argued , in the words of one congressman , that “ the AIDS epidemic is decimating the economic , medical , and human resources of many U. S. cities . ”
A recent study by the National Association of Public Hospitals stated that the number of AIDS patients surveyed more than tripled between 1985 and 1988 .
The strain caused by the rise in AIDS patients , among other factors , are [ error in original ] causing the nation ’s urban public hospitals to crumble according to the survey .
Now , only months after the Ryan White bill , the proposed policy seems to suggest that HIV infection is insignificant for public health purposes .
“ We appreciate that proponents of this policy change are concerned about the exclusion of travelers and tourists .
Our concern lies not with visitors , but with those who wish to permanently reside in the United States .
It would be nearly impossible to screen visitors to the U. S. for HIV since there were more than 210 million lawful border crossings in FY1988 alone .
Immigrants who are unaware of their infection would likely infect others and will require an average of $ 75,000 in medical care over their lifetimes , occupying physicians ’ time and hospital facilities already in short supply .
At a minimum , the HHS policy should draw this distinction between visitors and immigrants .
“ The overall economic cost of allowing HIV infected immigrants into the U. S. will be significant .
Orange County Department of Health in California reports that .5 % of all those tested pursuant to the immigration amnesty
program have tested positive for HIV , 38 individuals in all .
At $ 75,000 per person , that amounts to nearly $ 3 million in health care costs in Orange County alone .
“ The timing of the proposed change is curious in light of the acceptance by more and more medical organizations and public health officials of the importance of early diagnosis of HIV infection .
They all agree that the earlier
individuals know their serostatus , the better off we all are .
It goes without saying that those immigrants tested for the HIV infection and who are found positive should also be expelled .
Because this proposed policy jettisons the requirements that immigrants be tested for HIV , it promotes ignorance rather than knowledge .
“ We urge you to withdraw this proposed change at the earliest possible opportunity . ”
[ signed by 67 Republican members of the U. S. House of Representatives ]
Dannemeyer Background
Congressman William Dannemeyer led the opposition in the House to ending the HIV exclusion .
While his positions on AIDS are well known , few know that Dannemeyer is perhaps the only member of Congress in U. S. history to have authored a book on homosexuality : Shadow in the Land : Homosexuality in America , published by Ignatius Press , San Francisco , 1989 , $ 19.95 , paperback $ 9.95 .
Sample passage : “ The story of how homosexuality was declared ‘ normal ’ by the American Psychiatric Association is one of the most depressing narratives in the annals of modern medicine .
Indeed , it is difficult to contemplate the details without wondering if our society is not in a state of advanced deterioration . ” ( page 24 )
Over 40 pages are devoted to the chapter on AIDS and public policy .
Its five subchapters ( representing Dannemeyer ’s “ own list of priorities ” ) are “ Widespread Testing , ” “ Reporting , ” “ Contact Tracing , ” “ The Restoration of Laws against Sodomy , ” and “ The Rejection of Antidiscrimination Laws . ”
Ken McPherson , Special Projects Coordinator for Mobilization Against AIDS in San Francisco , describes Shadow in the Land as the blueprint for what the right wing has been doing on homosexuality for the last year and a half .
On a different health issue , Dannemeyer has fought for years against Federal and California efforts to ban sales of raw milk products as a health hazard .
Major news reports on his role in this issue are “ Dannemeyer Goes to Bat for Raw Milk , ” Los Angeles Times , February 2 , 1991 , and “ Judge Curbs Raw - Milk Sales as HHS Fails to Act , ” The Washington Post , January 7 , 1987 .
According to the Post , the regulatory dispute over interstate sales of raw milk had lasted 13 years .
In 1983 Dannemeyer got 34 members of Congress to sign a letter opposing the proposal to ban interstate sales ; Dannemeyer was a former general counsel for Alta Dena Dairy , the nation ’s largest interstate distributor of raw milk products .
In 1987 a Federal judge ruled that Margaret M. Heckler , then Secretary of Health and Human Services , had acted in an “ arbitrary and capricious manner ” in disregarding safety data , and ordered the Department to impose the interstate ban .
The sale of raw milk products is still allowed in California and in some other states .
Congressman Dannemeyer recently became the ranking Republican on the Health and Environment Subcommittee of the U. S. House of Representatives .
3. Justice Department Opposition
Of the three sources of opposition to ending the HIV exclusion ban , the U. S. Department of Justice has been the most influential .
It is also the hardest to report about , because so far as we can determine , nobody involved with AIDS has been able to communicate with the people in the Department who are making the decisions .
In fact , until about three weeks ago , no one in the AIDS community seems to have known that the Justice Department had any special interest in the issue of HIV exclusion .
We called the office of Deputy Attorney General William P. Barr , described in a New York Times article as the leader of the effort in the Justice Department to exclude persons with HIV , and were referred to the press office .
None of our calls to that office have been returned .
Since no representative of the Justice Department will speak with AIDS TREATMENT NEWS , we will report the Department ’s position from press coverage ; several informative articles have appeared .
The major report on the Justice Department role appeared May 28 in The New York Times : “ Health Department Loses in AIDS Rule Dispute , ” by Robert Pear .
The Justice Department case , as described in this article , is :
* That HHS Secretary Sullivan may not have adequately documented his conclusion that AIDS is not “ a communicable disease of public health significance . ”
* That Sullivan had not consulted any senior officials in the Justice Department when making the decision , even though the Immigration and Naturalization Service , within the Justice Department , would enforce the exclusion list .
[ However , a January 14 , 1991 , report in Modern Healthcare said that Sullivan was seeking comment from both the Justice Department and the State Department on the proposal to revise the list of conditions requiring exclusion — even before publishing the proposal in the Federal Register . ]
* “ After receiving a torrent of public comments criticizing the proposal ” [ the right - wing mail campaign illustrated above ] , HHS officials said that the Justice Department could use another provision of the law , the “ public charge ” section , to exclude persons likely to cost the government money for medical expenses .
“ But Justice Department officials led by Deputy Attorney General William P. Barr argued that it was completely impractical for an immigration examiner to make a sophisticated analysis of an alien ’s infection and health insurance coverage to determine whether that person might become a public charge in 5 or 10 years . ”
According to a May 30 report by the Associated Press , “ One administration source said the Justice Department it will take 60 days to make the list ’ of its objections . ”
Questions for the Justice Department
Since we cannot reach any spokesperson for the Department , we will publish here the questions we would ask if we could :
* What is the legal basis for the Justice Department overruling the Health and Human Services on the content of the list of excludable conditions ?
The Immigration Reform Act of 1990 explicitly names HHS alone as having authority to create that list .
* Has the Justice Department consulted with any AIDS or public - health experts whatsoever before deciding to block the HHS plan to follow the recommendations of its U. S. Centers for Disease Control and list only active tuberculosis as an excludable condition ?
* Does the Justice Department have any statistics indicating that there could be a substantial cost to the government of the new policy — or contradicting the figures we presented above showing that the number of persons who acquire HIV abroad and then try to immigrate to the United States is minimal ?
* Can the Justice Department reconcile the January report , cited above , that Dr. Sullivan asked for its comments even before publishing the HHS proposal in the Federal Register , with the New York Times story , also cited above , which quoted Justice Department officials as saying that Sullivan had not consulted “ any senior official ” in that Department ?
* Is the Justice Department behind an apparent attempt to use another section of the immigration law , the mental health section , to exclude persons with HIV on mental - health ?
The interim rule published Friday , May 31 , includes the following paragraph :
“ In addition , we solicit comment as to whether and , if so , to what extent section 212 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) ( ii ) ( I ) provides a legal and policy basis for excluding classes of aliens not excluded by this interim final regulation . ”
( Federal
Register , May 31 , page 25001 . )
Here is the relevant section of the law ( the Immigration Reform Act of 1990 , Section VI , Exclusion and Deportation ) :
“ ( A ) IN GENERAL . —
Any alien —
“ ( i ) who is determined ( in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Health and Human Services ) to have a communicable disease of public health significance , “ ( ii ) who is determined ( in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Health and Human Services in consultation with the Attorney General ) —
“ ( I ) to have a physical or mental disorder and behavior associated with the disorder that may pose , or has posed , a threat to the property , safety , or welfare of the alien or others … ”
Note that the law gives sole authority to Health and Human Services to write the regulations on “ communicable disease of public health significance ” — where the issue of excluding persons with HIV has been fought so far .
But section ( ii ) ( I ) gives authority to Health and Human Services “ in consultation with the Attorney General ” — the head of the Justice Department — to write the regulations .
AIDS TREATMENT NEWS has been told that the paragraph quoted above from the May 31 Federal Register was included because some people want to use it to list specific conditions , especially HIV infection , in that section .
This would create a second exclusion list , separate from the list of communicable diseases .
At present , the mental - health section does not list any specific conditions — but in previous years , both homosexuality and epilepsy have been listed as mental diseases automatically excluding foreigners from entering the United States .
Attaching a list to the “ physical or mental disorder ” section could give the Justice Department an end run around the current debate .
The law explicitly gives HHS the sole authority to determine the communicable - disease list , and the Justice Department has temporarily overruled HHS only through political power .
If HHS does not back down , and if President Bush is unwilling to order it to list HIV as a communicable disease , or to fire and replace HHS Secretary Sullivan , then the Justice Department might still accomplish the exclusion of persons with HIV from the United States by adding a separate list to the “ physical or mental disorder ” section , where the Justice Department does have a legally mandated role in developing the regulations .
Note :
As we went to press , it was announced that the head of the Justice Department , Attorney General Dick Thornburgh , will resign in a few weeks to run for Senate in Pennsylvania .
A page - one article in The New York Times ( June 5 ) called his running for the Senate “ the chance to make a graceful departure from a troubled tenure as an Attorney General . ”
We do not know whether or how this change will affect the dispute with Health and Human Services on AIDS .
Comment : A Pervasive Hostility
Ten years after its discovery , AIDS has killed well over 100,000 Americans , and endangers the lives of about one million more .
A community has developed among thousands of dedicated volunteers and professionals working in the epidemic .
Most of us have lived through the deaths of dozens of personal friends .
And for ten years , this emergency team has faced a pervasive institutional hostility .
This hostility is notable in that it is typically expressed not personally , but by use of official positions and powers in destructive ways .
It is seen in the U. S. Department of Justice , which in the last three weeks has muscled its way into AIDS to sabotage reforms overwhelmingly supported by public - health experts throughout the world — without even discussing its plans with those who have fought this epidemic for years , or examining the data gathered by its own Immigration and Naturalization Service , or reviewing the impact of the ban on scientific and medical conferences .
In cancer or any other disease except for AIDS , it would be inconceivable for a non-medical Federal agency to unilaterally impose a major policy decision , with no discussion at all with experts or others involved — and , as far as we can tell , with no medical input whatever .
The question arises as to what the AIDS community could do to bring the ongoing hostility to an end , to better work together as a nation and a world to control this national and world epidemic .
It is hard to find an answer .
The hostility keeps coming no matter what we say , do , or are .
Being passive and silent , as if to avoid upsetting people , is not a workable solution .
We can only do what we have done before , to work and to fight as best we can .
Some day the future may be different .
My plan to continue exchanging yellow - screened iMacs until the end of time has been thwarted , but I 'm not giving up .
Read on for the revised plan .
Advertisement
First , a little background .
Yesterday , I posted about my second yellow - tinted iMac .
And I made this threat :
I basically mail back review products for a living , and the joy of this new toy has long been spoiled .
So I 'm going to do my damndest to bankrupt Apple with return shipping .
I will send back these iMacs as many times as it takes for them to build one correctly .
And every single time that they screw it up , I 'm going to air their dirty laundry here .
Feel free to read it or do n't .
It 's my opinion that Apple 's cyclical production issues can't be swept under the rug any longer .
Advertisement
Shortly thereafter , a mid-level Apple representative who'd been handling my claim called ( in alleged response to an email I 'd sent before my post , not the post itself ) .
I was informed that the company would not issue me another exchange straight from the factory .
I 'd , instead , need to get the iMac repaired at an Apple Store , lest I " want to waste the time and have to do this all over again . "
That 's right , she basically admitted that everything coming off the line would be inflicted with the same disease .
I attempted calling technical support on my own for a second time to facilitate a true iMac exchange .
After giving the technician my case number , they went off the line for about 5 minutes .
And when they came back , my exchange was blocked again .
This technician added that , following an exchange , " It 's quite likely the issue will continue to happen ... and that we 'll become stuck in an endless loop . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Maybe she meant " infinite loop . "
Call me paranoid , but I believe it to be true : Yesterday , after posting my threat , Apple tracked down my non-Gizmodo email I used to purchase the iMac and flagged my account to block exchanges .
Either way , my hands are completely tied .
Luckily , yours are not .
Advertisement
If my conspiracy thesis is correct , we 've hit a nerve with Apple .
So I 'm only going to increase my efforts with your help until they publicize and / or fix the yellow LCD issue .
Here 's what I could use from you :
Anyone out there who's in the process of exchanging an iMac for one without a jaundiced screen and receives a replacement January 1st or after , email submissions ATgizmodo.com to let us know if the issue has been resolved .
New purchases that turn out to be yellow are great as well .
Please be sure to :
1 . Use the subject " Yellow iMac "
2 . Take photos of this screen test ( just make sure to lock that white balance ! )
3 . Include details like the ship date and how many iMacs you 've exchanged so far
Advertisement
Every week , assuming your participation , I will post an update on the problem .
And let me make this point abundantly clear to any Apple corporate folk ( because I know you 're reading ) :
If your company is still selling multi- thousand dollar computers with yellow screens in 52 weeks , I will be pointing it out in 52 weeks .
This problem will not go away , not until it 's fixed .
And I implore other sites , technology - based or not , to help me publicize the issue .
No , this is n't the first time Apple has sold the public broken products , but maybe , just maybe , it could be the last .
Advertisement
Now having said all that , if Apple can come forward and openly admit the mistake while providing an adequate solution to their customers , I 'll laud them as an example as to how companies can take an unforeseen manufacturing issue and make things right .
As for the fate of my iMac , I 'm between returning it out of sheer disgust and attempting the repair for sake of our little narrative ( plus , you know , I really would like one that works in spite of all this trouble ) .
We 'll see .
YouTube may begin offering subscription services that allow users to watch major new TV shows and films online , according to a senior Google executive .
While a number of broadcasters - including Channel 4 and Channel Five - have already forged deals with the Californian website to show full - length programmes online , the company indicated yesterday that it may consider paid options as well .
In an interview with Reuters , Google executive David Eun - who is in charge of partnerships with media companies - confirmed that paid subscription was an option as it tries to convince more TV channels and Hollywood studios to sign up .
" We 're making some interesting bets on long - form content ; not all content is accessible to us with the advertising model , " he said .
The move would be an attempt to forge agreements with more rights owners , many of whom are reluctant to put their content online without adequate compensation .
Until now , the site has remained resolutely free for users and attempted to make its money through advertising .
It has made limited deals to show movies on the site , as well as agreements such as the one with Channel 4 , which was announced in October .
Rather than charging users , these deals are based on a revenue split from the commercials attached to the programmes and films .
Despite these successes , however , the site - which Google bought for $ 1.65 bn in 2005 - has not found it so easy to convince other broadcasters to follow suit .
Hollywood studios have been notoriously testy about the possibility of putting more recent movies online with only the prospect of a share of advertising revenue in return .
" I think a free model is a very difficult way to capture the value of our content , " said Chase Carey , the president of News Corporation - which owns broadcasters including Fox and Sky , as well as studios such as 20th Century Fox and Fox Searchlight - earlier this year .
Instead , Google hopes that offering money raised through subscriptions can tempt broadcasters to put their content on the site .
The possibility of a pay - per - view model - such as the one used by Apple 's iTunes store or Amazon 's on - demand video service - could also be on the cards .
Google chief executive Eric Schmidt has said that making money from YouTube is a " top priority " , with some analysts estimating that the site will haemorrhage as much as $ 470 m ( £ 288 m ) this year alone .
Although the site is a household name that commands hundreds of millions of visitors each day , it has found it difficult to successfully cash in - with advertising attached to viral videos and user - generated content collecting paltry amounts of revenue .
Such a move could also help YouTube fend off growing rivals like Hulu - the US website that operates as a joint venture between NBC , News Corporation and Disney .
Since launching publicly in 2008 with a slate of hit shows including House and The Daily Show , Hulu has become the second most - watched video site in America .
It is thought be considering expansion plans outside the US , which would include a move to Britain .
A TASMANIAN man at the centre of a two - day missing persons operation in New Zealand has been found drinking in a bar and oblivious to the search .
Michael Craig , known as Mick , had been last seen on security footage stumbling out of a South Island pub in the early hours of Saturday morning .
Mr Craig , who is in New Zealand for a fishing trip , was finally located at another bar , in nearby Christchurch , yesterday night unaware of any concern over his disappearance .
Police had ramped up efforts to find the 45 - year - old , saying there was mounting concern for his safety and going so far as to check waterways and investigate whether his bank accounts had been accessed .
Alistair Darling will try to force a " permanent culture shift " in the City as he announces a one - off punitive super - tax of more than 50 % on the bonuses of tens of thousands of bankers as the centrepiece of the pre-budget report .
The chancellor intends his targeted , one - off levy as a clear message that the City has to " start living in the real world " as the financial sector prepares to lavish hefty payouts on its staff .
The new super - tax rate will be aimed at any bonus above a fixed rate , rather than the basic salary of the employee .
It is intended to hit many thousands of bankers , but low - paid staff in bank branches will be exempt .
The tax will be set higher than the 50 % income tax rate coming in from April for those earning more than £ 150,000 a year , sources indicate .
The chancellor has been working on the scheme for several weeks , according to Whitehall sources , who strongly denied reports that Darling had been " bounced " into the plan by Gordon Brown .
Darling , not usually regarded as a populist politician , personally decided weeks ago that plans to control bonuses through schemes proposed by the G20 countries would not be enough after he saw plans by Goldman Sachs to set aside £ 11.4 bn for bonuses .
A senior Treasury figure said : " Salaries have got out of hand .
They have been paying themselves like football stars .
We have got to get them to think through the consequences of what they are doing .
We are imposing ' a reasonable man ' test on some of these salaries given the exceptional circumstances we find ourselves . "
Darling also feels " it can not be right to bail out RBS only to see the money pour out at the other end in bonuses " .
Treasury officials feel they have devised a watertight way to hit bankers ' bonuses without large - scale tax avoidance , following advice from leading City lawyers .
It is expected they will tax bonuses as an excess sum paid in a month .
But City accountants said there was a strong likelihood of a legal challenge against a punitive tax aimed at one sector of the workforce .
Bill Dodwell , head of taxation at accountants Deloitte said : " We have had calls from bankers asking about what action they might take under the Human Rights Act .
There 's never been a precedent . "
Darling 's planned tax raid provoked furious opposition in the City today with the British Bankers '
Association claiming such taxes were " populist , political and penal " .
But the chancellor believes suggestions of a mass exodus of bankers are exaggerated .
" We can not be held to ransom by the banks , " one source said .
Darling will make it clear on Wednesday that the super - tax will be levied for a limited period , and Whitehall sources said the government wants a " properly supervised and regulated " City to remain successful .
" We do n't want to cut the City down to size , the City want some certainty and to know the lie of the land .
They will be told that , " a Treasury source said .
Ministers believe public anger at bank bonuses is justified given the heavy economic price of the recession , and the fact that some banks have made excess profits from the selling of government bonds designed to reflate the economy .
Darling will reveal on Wednesday that the economy shrank by 4.75 % this year , pushing the budget deficit to a record £ 180bn in the 2009 - 10 financial year .
Opinion polls have shown that the public strongly opposes the six and seven figure bonuses likely to be paid in the City this year .
Government sources said some of those working in the financial sector were " living in a different world " .
Banks needed " to think long and hard " about what they do .
The levy , the first windfall tax on the banking sector since Margaret Thatcher imposed a one - off levy in 1981 , will apply to bankers in both UK and foreign banks operating in the City , as long as the banker pays tax in the UK .
Lord Myners , the City minister , recently identified 5,000 financiers earning more than a £ 1 m in the sector , but the chancellor will spread the net wider in Wednesday 's announcement .
Some banks have argued they are entitled to pay bonuses by virtue of not receiving any financial support from the government .
But Darling will argue that without the government bailout of Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds , the entire British banking sector would have been at risk of collapse .
The chancellor will stick to his forecast that output will expand by 1.25 % next year and then by 3 % - plus in the following years .
City analysts are sceptical about the economy 's ability to grow rapidly from 2011 onwards but the Treasury will point to the strong growth achieved in the years immediately after the downturns of the early 1980s and early 1990s .
David Cameron , the Conservative leader , is urging quicker action on cutting Britain 's record peacetime deficit , but Darling will say the economy remains too fragile to permit the Treasury to start reducing the deficit in 2010 .
Darling 's announcement on Wednesday will include extra help to tackle youth unemployment but will be broadly neutral in its economic impact .
VAT will return to 17.5 % at the start of next year following the temporary reduction to 15 % .
There will be tough restraints on public spending , but no offer of a full spending review .
" Frontline services " in schools , hospitals and the science budget will be protected , but not the entire budgets in these departments .
The health budget is due to grow by 3.2 % in the next year .
Darling claims the uncertainty in the economy would have made a spending review pointless even if there was no election next year .
The chancellor will also spell out tax breaks to encourage company electric car fleets from 2012 worth as much as £ 1,000 to the employee and £ 600 to the employer .
The measure is designed to stoke production of larger electric cars being built by Nissan and Renault .
Suspension Over Sexy Slumber Party Photos Leads to ACLU Lawsuit Lawsuit :
Teens were unfairly punished for sexy photos taken off school grounds .
Nov. 2 , 2009  --
Two Indiana teenagers whose sexually suggestive slumber party pictures made their way into the hands of the high school principal are fighting back against what they say is an unfair suspension from athletics for activities that took place off school grounds .
The American Civil Liberties Union of Indiana has filed suit on behalf of the two sophomore girls .
The suit claims the Smith - Green Community School Corporation and Churubusco High School Principal Austin Couch violated the girls '
First Amendment rights when they suspended them from extra-curricular activities and forced them to attend counseling sessions over a few racy photos that were posted on their MySpace pages .
" I do n't think this is a unique problem of trying to define that line as to where the school stops and where student expression begins , " Indiana ACLU Legal Director Ken Falk , also the girls ' attorney , told ABCNews.com today .
According to the lawsuit , filed Oct. 23 in U.S. District Court , the teens -- identified in court papers as T.V. and M.K. -- had attended a sleepover with friends who were also students at Churubusco High School in the summer months before school started .
" During the sleepover , the girls took pictures of themselves pretending to kiss or lick a large multi-colored novelty lollipop - shaped phallus that they had purchased , as well as pictures of themselves in lingerie with dollar bills stuck in their clothes as well as other pictures , " the lawsuit stated .
" They intended this to be humorous and all the participants considered it to be so , " it continued .
The lawsuit claims that the girls , who in no way identified themselves in the pictures as students of Churubusco High School , then posted the pictures on their MySpace pages to share with their friends .
" There 's a lot of questions that can be asked about what sophomores do .
That 's why there 's the term ' sophomoric , ' " Falk said .
But he added that the girls ' actions , which the lawsuit referred to as " expressive activity , " were " irrelevant " to school functions .
An uknown person was able to access the pictures , copy them and hand them over to school personnel .
They were eventually given to Couch , who suspended both T.V. and M.K. from all extra-curricular activities for the school year , including athletics , which both of the girls participated in .
The lawsuit claims that both teens ' parents spoke with the principal and were told that he could cut down the punishment to suspend them from just 25 percent of the girls ' activities only if they went to three counseling sessions and individually apologize to the school 's athletic board , which is comprised of the school 's varsity head coaches .
" That is simply beyond the power of the school to regulate , " Falk said .
Darnell told ABCNews.com today that he 's been advised by the school 's legal counsel not to comment beyond a one - page statement issued today .
In the statement , Darnell said the girls ' pictures " were highly inappropriate in content " and that they " caused a disruption within our athletic teams at the beginning of this year 's sessions . "
" We stand behind decisions made by Mr. Austin Couch , the high school principal , in this situation , " Darnell 's statement said .
" When students choose to violate extra- curricular expectations , there are consequences . "
" As a district , we support our student behavior policies for expected behavior in and out of season , " the statement continued .
" Our administration at the high school makes every effort to assure fairness exists for all of our students . "
District Policy Requires ' Good Order ' From Students Even Outside School
T.V.'s father appealed the decision to Smith - Green Superintendent Steve Darnell , according to the lawsuit , but was told that Couch had " absolute discretion and authority . "
T.V. and M.K. eventually attended their three counseling sessions so they could participate in the remainder of the fall athletic season and the reports were turned over to the principal .
They also appeared before the all - male athletic board and apologized for their behavior .
The ALCU charges that not only was the forced counseling humiliating , but the girls were embarrased at having to appear in front of the coaches to apologize for the pictures " which had no impact on the school whatsoever . "
Catherine Crump , staff attorney for the national ACLU , said the case in Indiana is one of several student First Amendment cases being litigated .
" This is something that 's happening more and more , " she said .
Private moments , either at the mall or in students ' houses used to stay there , she said .
But now much is being broadcast on the Internet and it's almost inevitable that school administrators will see some of it .
She pointed to a 2006 complaint in Pennsylvania in which then - 17 - year - old Justin Layshock sued the Hermitage School District and Hickory High School Principal Eric Trosch saying he was unfairly suspended for creating a parody Web site that mocked Trosch .
According to the complaint , Layshock was punished for his MySpace page spoof that poked fun at the principal 's girth among other things .
The district court ruled in favor of Layshock , saying his off - campus actions did not disrupt school activity , but the verdict is currently being appealed .
According to the lawsuit in Indiana , the Smith - Green district uses a code of conduct policy for extra-curricular and athletic activities that borrows in part from the Indiana High School Athletic Association .
It says the the principal " may exclude any student - athlete from representing Churubusco High School if his / her conduct in or out of school reflects discredit upon Churubuscho High School or the IHSAA or creates a disruptive influence on the discipline , good order , moral or educational environment at Churubusco High School . "
The ACLU is also attempting to get the suit classified as " class action " because the school policy could affect " all present and future students " of Churubusco .
The suit is asking that the school district no longer be allowed to punish students for non-disruptive conduct outside school , that all references to the incident are expunged from T.V. and M.K.'s records and that both girls be awarded costs and damages .
Tar and shingles are hardly environmentally friendly materials , so the U.S. Department of Energy ( DOE ) hopes to soon help homeowners and businesses replace the roofs over their heads with something greener .
To that end , the DOE awarded Weidlinger Associates , a New York City - based structural engineering firm , a $ 150,000 grant earlier this month ( matched by a 10 - percent commitment from the state ) to develop durable hybrid solar roofing panels with integrated photovoltaic cells and thermoelectric materials that harvest the sun 's energy to produce both electricity and hot water for buildings .
Weidlinger is working with Columbia University in New York City on the project , which the engineers and researchers hope will convert at least 12 percent of collected sunlight into electricity .
This would be an improvement over the 5 - to 10 - percent conversion rate possible with relatively inexpensive thin - film plastic solar cells , although a far cry from the most complex ( and expensive ) solar cells , which have achieved a conversion rate as high as 41.6 percent .
These new photovoltaic thermal hybrid panels presently exist only as prototypes .
Beneath the clear , outermost protective cover is a layer of photovoltaic cells , followed by a layer of thermoelectric material , a layer with plastic tubes ( called the functionally graded material interlayer ) to carry water that will cool the other layers while also carrying away heated water , and a bottom layer of reinforcing plastic .
The photovoltaic cells convert the sun 's electromagnetic radiation into electricity , while the thermoelectric layer converts the sun 's heat into electricity .
The water tubes are crucial to the design .
Typically , when photovoltaics heat up they begin to lose their efficiency at normal operating temperatures in a sunny environment , says Greg Kelly , Weidlinger 's director of sustainable design .
The design created by Huiming Yin , an assistant professor of civil engineering and engineering mechanics at Columbia , incorporates a capacity to cool down the photovoltaics while also heating water for use in the building to which the panels are attached .
In addition to being tested in Columbia 's lab , a number of these panels will be installed atop a 6.4 - square meter shelter located on the roof of the Frederick Douglass Academy , a New York City high school that specializes in the education of disadvantaged and underrepresented educational groups .
Once the shelter is built , students will monitor the performance of the panels .
" What we have to do is demonstrate a general commercial viability , " Yin says , adding that this means getting both the technology and its associated costs just right .
The researchers have yet to calculate the cost of the technology per watt , a standard measuring stick to determine whether a renewable energy project can compete with established fossil - fuel technologies .
If this phase of the project is successful , the work done by Columbia and Weidlinger could move to a second phase within six months .
That second phase is likely to offer the researchers $ 1 million in DOE funds for a year to further develop the technology , Kelly says , whereas a third phase would likely involve as much as $ 10 million to prepare the technology for production .
" We 're looking at a five - year process to come to market , assuming all goes well , " he adds .
The DOE is behind the technology thus far .
" Solar panels have not achieved market penetration due to high initial costs and inefficiency , but the hybrid building - integrated panels from this project will be part of the building 's skin and significantly more efficient , " according to a DOE statement e-mailed to Scientific American .
" These less costly and more durable panels are suitable for residential and commercial projects for new construction and renovations . "
The broad concept of building a solar panel that is tough enough to act as a roof panel yet sensitive enough to capture as much of the sun 's energy as possible is likely feasible , says David Ginger , an associate professor of chemistry at the University of Washington in Seattle .
" Of course , putting all these ideas into the same package in a cost - effective manner is often more challenging than pitching the idea on paper , which is why you want clever engineers trying out new designs and then testing them in real - world environments , " he adds .
And although this idea of " building - integrated photovoltaics " ( BIPV ) is not new , the Columbia - Weidlinger multilayered hybrid design is different from anything currently available to builders .
SolarWorld AG in Germany , for example , sells a technology it calls Energyroof , which consists of panels covered with solar laminates that generate electricity but does not include a layer of thermoelectric material .
In October , The Dow Chemical Company announced its Powerhouse Solar Shingle , which the company says can be integrated into rooftops with standard asphalt shingle materials .
These solar shingles , which feature thin - film copper indium gallium selenide ( CIGS ) photovoltaic cells , are expected to be available in limited quantities by mid-2010 and projected to be more widely available in 2011 .
In 2007 , the DOE had given Dow $ 20 million in funding to develop building - integrated solar arrays for the residential and commercial markets .
Once Weidlinger and Columbia create their panels , the engineers will have to decide how best to keep them waterproof and resistant to fire , Kelly says , adding , " We also want to get parity with the weight of existing roofing systems . "
Poker players interested in the future of legal , regulated poker in the US will want to pay particular attention to an upcoming Congressional hearing – and work to make sure their representatives do as well .
The date to mark : December 3rd , 10 AM EST .
That ’s the time when the House Financial Services Committee will be holding a hearing on H.R. 2267 , Internet Gambling Regulation , Consumer Protection , and Enforcement Act .
IGRCPE ( catchy ) is Barney Frank ’s bill that seeks to create a regulatory environment for online skill games , such as poker .
If passed into law , the bill would go a long way toward clarifying the legal status of online poker in the US and allowing for the development of a domestic market where powerhouses such as Harrah ’s would be free to develop and operate US - facing poker rooms online .
Lobbying group
The Poker Player ’s Alliance is urging poker players to contact their representatives prior to this hearing and to stress the importance this issue has for them .
The PPA suggests three basic courses of action : phone , email and Twitter .
The PPA has tools that allows you to easily find your rep ’s contact information and also provides some basic templates and talking points to make communicating your position easier .
Details on that here .
What does the hearing mean for poker players ?
Nothing in the short term – many are doubtful that Frank ’s bill will get to a vote any time soon , if ever , and even those who think it will get to a vote concede that passage is far from a sure thing .
However , this hearing is n’t just an empty victory , for a number of reasons .
First , it confirms that Frank is actively supporting and advancing the issue .
He ’s a busy guy , and the calendar for that committee is n’t teeming with open spaces , so the fact that it ’s happening at all indicates at least some legislative momentum .
Second , it suggests that the PPA is developing more and more of a presence in D.C. .
While this bill is largely Frank ’s doing , it seems unlikely that he’d be pushing it as hard as he is if he did n’t feel there was a strong enough lobbying foundation to capitalize on the momentum his work provides .
PPA Head Alfonse D’Amato drove that point home in his statement on the hearing : “ Taking action today is the most important thing that a dedicated and concerned poker player like you can do to support online poker in the US .
The Poker Players Alliance ( PPA ) ca n’t do this alone .
Please take action today !
A successful hearing on Thursday will hopefully lead to a Committee vote in support of poker , so we need your help today ! ”
To watch the hearing live , check out this link .
Remember , the hearing takes place December 3rd at 10 AM EST .
The Drive is Now Over .
Thank YOU for helping us raise
$ 5,000 in 2011 !!
This brings the total the CCA has raised
to fight human trafficking to over
$ 15,000 !
" To send light into the darkness of men 's hearts - such is the duty of the artist . "
- Robert Schumann
" Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful , committed citizens can change the world .
Indeed , it is the only thing that ever has . "
- Margaret Mead
We 're a group of Comic Book Creators , who have come together , volunteering our artistic talents to raise money for the purpose of ending human trafficking in the world today .
There are currently 27 million enslaved people worldwide - more than double the number of enslaved Africans during the trans -Atlantic slave trade .
UNICEF estimates that 1.2 million children every year are sold into slavery , most of it sexual .
The US Department of Justice estimates 16,000 victims of human trafficking are brought into the United States every year .
Web Comic Creators from all over the world are working together on a single drawing which will be available as a downloadable wallpaper for readers who donate to our fund raising drive !
100 % of the donations will be split between Love 146 and Gracehaven !
Love 146 : Children are being trafficked and raped daily and slavery is one of the darkest stories on our planet .
This physical , mental and emotional trauma can leave children broken and scarred for life .
Interventions for these children are critical to their survival and restoration .
For us , the hope of abolition is a reality today .
Love146 works toward the abolition of child sex slavery and exploitation through Prevention and Aftercare programs .
Love 146 was named an “ Agent of Change ” by GQ Magazine and recently earned the MySpace Impact Award for social justice .
Love146 is recognized as a leader in the fight to end modern slavery .
Gracehaven is a faith - based non-profit organization started in 2008 for the expressed purpose of providing shelter , security , and rehabilitation to girls under the age of 18 who are victims of commercial sexual exploitation in central Ohio .
Gracehaven is a long - term rehabilitation facility allowing girls to stay as needed until they reach the age of 18 .
We will then help them transition to the next step in their life .
While at Gracehaven , the girls will be able to earn their GED , as well as receive counseling and treatment for the horrible trauma and exploitation they have been forced to endure .
Gracehaven is in the process of purchasing a house situated on 10 acres in an undisclosed location in NW Ohio .
Once renovated , the house will be large enough to hold up to 10 girls at a time .
The nation 's largest physicians organization , with about 250,000 member doctors , the AMA has maintained since 1997 that marijuana should remain a Schedule I controlled substance , the most restrictive category , which also includes heroin and LSD .
" Despite more than 30 years of clinical research , only a small number of randomized , controlled trials have been conducted on smoked cannabis , " said Dr. Edward Langston , an AMA board member , noting that the limited number of studies was " insufficient to satisfy the current standards for a prescription drug product . "
The decision by the organization 's delegates at a meeting in Houston marks another step in the evolving view of marijuana , which an AMA report notes was once linked by the federal government to homicidal mania .
Since California voters approved the use of medical marijuana in 1996 , marijuana has moved steadily into the cultural mainstream spurred by the growing awareness that it has some beneficial effects for chronically ill people .
This year , the Obama administration sped up that drift when it ordered federal narcotics agents not to arrest medical marijuana users and providers who follow state laws .
Polls show broadening support for marijuana legalization .
Thirteen states allow the use of medical marijuana and about a dozen more have considered it this year .
The AMA , however , also adopted as part of its new policy a sentence that admonishes : " This should not be viewed as an endorsement of state - based medical cannabis programs , the legalization of marijuana , or that scientific evidence on the therapeutic use of cannabis meets the current standards for a prescription drug product . "
The association also rejected a proposal to issue a more forceful call for marijuana to be rescheduled .
Nevertheless , marijuana advocates welcomed the development .
" They 're clearly taking an open - minded stance and acknowledging that the evidence warrants a review .
That is very big , " said Bruce Mirken , a spokesman for the Marijuana Policy Project .
" It 's not surprising that they are moving cautiously and one step at a time , but this is still a very significant change . "
Advocates also noted that the AMA rejected an amendment that they said would undercut the medical marijuana movement .
The measure would have made it AMA 's policy that " smoking is an inherently unsafe delivery method for any therapeutic agent , and therefore smoked marijuana should not be recommended for medical use . "
Dr. Michael M. Miller , a psychiatrist who practices addiction medicine , proposed the amendment .
" Smoking is a bad delivery system because you 're combusting something and inhaling it , " he said .
Reaction from the federal government was muted .
Dawn Dearden , a spokeswoman for the Drug Enforcement Administration , said , " At this point , it 's still a Schedule I drug , and we 're going to treat it as such . "
The Food and Drug Administration declined to comment .
In a statement , the office of the White House drug czar reiterated the administration 's opposition to legalization and said that it would defer to " the FDA 's judgment that the raw marijuana plant cannot meet the standards for identity , strength , quality , purity , packaging and labeling required of medicine . "
The DEA classifies drugs into five schedules , with the fifth being the least restrictive .
Schedule II drugs , such as cocaine and morphine , are considered to have a high potential for abuse , but also to have accepted medical uses .
Several petitions have been filed to reschedule marijuana .
The first , filed in 1972 , bounced back and forth between the DEA and the courts until it died in 1994 .
A petition filed in 2002 is under consideration .
Kris Hermes , a spokesman for Americans for Safe Access , said that advocates hoped the petition would receive more attention .
" Given the change of heart by the AMA , there is every opportunity for the Obama administration to do just that , " he said .
In a report released with its new policy , the AMA notes that the organization was " virtually alone " in opposing the first federal restrictions on marijuana , which were adopted in 1937 .
Cannabis had been used in various medicinal products for years , but fell in to disuse in the early 20th century .
Sunil Aggarwal , a medical student at the University of Washington , helped spark the AMA 's reconsideration after he researched marijuana 's effect on 186 chronically ill patients .
" I had reason to believe that there was medical good that could come from these products , and I wanted to see AMA policy reflect that , " he said .
The AMA is not the only major doctors organization to rethink marijuana .
In 2008 , the American College of Physicians , the second - largest physician group , called for " rigorous scientific evaluation of the potential therapeutic benefits of medical marijuana " and an " evidence - based review of marijuana 's status as a Schedule I controlled substance . "
Last month , the California Medical Assn. passed resolutions that declared the criminalization of marijuana " a failed public health policy " and called on the organization to take part in the debate on changing current policy .
Source : Los Angeles Times ( CA )
Author : John Hoeffel
Published : November 11 , 2009
Copyright : 2009 Los Angeles Times
Contact : letters@latimes.com
Website : http://www.latimes.com/
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/fpwqvDut
CannabisNews Medical Marijuana Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/medical.shtml
Look out for Eddie Izzard in BBC1's The Day Of The Triffids over Christmas - he 's a baddie masquerading as a goodie ( sort of ) .
The comic , who plays Torrence in the classic tale of evil plants taking over the world , says : " I did n't want him to be just a bad guy - that 's too obvious .
I wanted him to be ambiguous .
" The most serious sociopaths often have a magnetic , avuncular thing going on .
I made him cute and flirty . "
That 's nice , petal ...
Playboy Britt Reid ( Seth Rogen ) becomes the new publisher of Los Angeles ' " The Daily Sentinel " after the sudden death of his father .
Britt 's party life is about to change when he and his driver and kung fu expert , Kato ( Jay Chou ) , stop a robbery .
With the help of Kato , Britt starts a new career of fighting crime as the masked superhero " The Green Hornet " .
Written by Douglas Young ( the - movie - guy )
The cover illustration to this doorstopper account of the credit crisis is a picture of a dinosaur , suggesting that within we will learn about deadly but doomed beasts , whose evolutionary deficiencies will consign them to extinction .
It 's not a bad visual metaphor for investment bankers , except that they are still here .
Andrew Ross Sorkin's blow - by - blow account of the unfolding of events in the US , when financial titans up to and including Goldman Sachs were days , or even hours , away from running out of liquidity , gives a handy dramatis personae of those inhabiting Wall Street 's Jurassic Park , in the manner of a compendious Russian novel .
A reader uninitiated in the detail of the crunch will need it : there are seemingly endless descriptions of the men ( and one or two women ) involved .
Take the following : " Jamie Dimon 's black Lexus pulled away from the curb of his Park Avenue apartment to head down to the Fed at just before 8 am .
Dimon , who sat on the back seat returning emails on his BlackBerry , had just gotten off a conference call with his management team … telling them to prepare for the bankruptcies of Lehman Brothers , Merrill Lynch , AIG , Morgan Stanley and even Goldman Sachs .
He knew he might have been overstating the case , but figured they needed to be prepared .
He was The Man Who Knew Too Much . "
This sort of thing can become a little wearing , as can the description of virtually any man in his mid-40s or 50s as " remarkably youthful " , as if the likes of the then 47 - year - old president of the federal reserve , Tim Geithner , should have been trundling around Wall Street with the aid of a Zimmer frame – but I suppose one should cut some slack for a 32 - year - old wunderkind author .
Sorkin 's portrayal of Erin Callan , former Lehman 's finance director , is typical : she is a " striking blonde " with " Sex and the City " stilettoes , suspected to be romantically involved with the man who hired her , a suggestion made without a shred of substantiation .
The bigger problem , though , is the claim of authorial omniscience , admittedly based on more than 500 hours of interviews with 200 people .
The book , which has been billed as the defining account of the credit crunch , has caused a media storm in Manhattan : Sorkin 's colleagues on the New York Times are reported to be angry at his failure to credit the newspaper 's scoops .
US business reporter Charlie Gasparino of CNBC is upset at a quote attributed to Lloyd Blankfein , the head of Goldman Sachs , calling him a " rumour monger " , as is the bank .
Blankfein has been heard to grumble since about Sorkin 's self - professed mind - reading abilities .
There has been sniping , too , that the author is too cosy with the people he writes about , both in the book and the NYT : the likes of Jamie Dimon and John Mack ( CEO of Morgan Stanley , nickname : " The Knife " ) turned up at his book party , hosted by Vanity Fair magazine .
Sorkin 's account deals with the frenzied few months starting on 17 March 2008 , when Lehman Brothers chief Dick Fuld was summoned back by then treasury secretary Hank Paulson from a trip to India because of the collapse of Bear Stearns .
It ends in mid-October of that year , with Paulson finally accepting that he had to " cross the Rubicon " with a bailout for the banks .
Sorkin does offer some genuinely telling detail .
Fuld , the self - centred , foul - mouthed , but deeply loyal man who took Lehman to its destruction , is summed up in one anecdote : while hiking with the asthmatic son of a colleague , the boy panicked and was being guided to safety by his father and Fuld .
The party met another walker who looked at the 10 - year - old boy and commented : " My , are n't we wheezy today . "
Fuld turned on him and shouted : " Eat shit and die !
Eat shit and die ! "
From a UK perspective , there are fascinating insights into less - than - flattering US views of us .
John Varley , the intelligent and decent boss of Barclays , is dismissed by Paulson as a " waffler " and a " weak man " .
Paulson declared the British had " grin- fucked us " after the chancellor and the Financial Services Authority declined to allow Barclays to take over Lehmans on the grounds it was too risky – meaning we did the dirty on the Americans while smiling to their faces ( I had to look it up ) .
Bob Diamond , the American investment banking supremo at Barclays , is equally disparaging about his adopted home , where he can claim his bonuses with non-dom tax privilege : he BlackBerried his friend Bob Steel to moan about " little England " .
A clue to the difficulty politicians had in dealing with the crisis is in the very small gene pool shared by the two worlds .
Dubya 's brother Jeb worked as an adviser to Lehmans ' private - equity arm and his second cousin George H Walker IV was on the executive committee .
Hank Paulson 's brother Richard also worked for the firm ; as a former employee of Goldman Sachs , Paulson was tied up in knots over his subsequent dealings with his former employer .
And what is not in the book is as striking as what is : in these pages , we do not meet so much as a single sub - prime borrower facing foreclosure .
So is Too Big to Fail the best book about the crisis ?
For my money , Fool 's Gold by Gillian
Tett is a more sophisticated read ; from a UK perspective , Alex Brummer 's The Crunch is more engaging ; and Graham Turner 's No Way to Run an Economy is more provocative .
But it 's unfair to expect any one book to serve such a huge , multilayered subject and Sorkin has provided an entertaining addition to the crunch - lit genre .
Its final message is a worrying one .
Unlike the dinosaurs on the cover , the Wall Street raptors are far from extinct , despite their greed and folly ; those who remain are doing better than ever .
" Perhaps most disturbing of all , ego is still very much a central part of the Wall Street machine , " Sorkin says , noting that the survivors have been left with a genuine sense of invulnerability .
Jurassic
Park may be less populous , but how long before the sequel ?
Ruth Sunderland is business editor of the Observer
Guilt - free skiing ( Image : Ulli Seer / Getty )
THE last thing on your mind as you zoom down the piste this winter will probably be , “ Oh no , I ’m damaging a fragile alpine environment ! ”
But it ’s just one of the things developers will be able to consider when deciding where to site future resorts - thanks to some smart location analysis software that can predict the problems likely to befall winter sports resorts before they are built .
Mountain communities struggling to cope with the loss of industries such as copper mining can see winter sports as a potential lifeline , says Jordan Silberman , a geographer at …
Anyone who 's seen a young toddler " at work " can tell that her learning style is a study in chaos .
She moves from banging pots and pans to tormenting the cat to demanding food to bursting into tears when she can't open the back door and hurdle off the deck -- all in the span of minutes .
But when it comes to , say , the daunting task of mastering language , that same baby is a turbo - charged learning machine .
She is building her toolkit of words and phrases by the hour , forming sentences that not only get her needs met but generally comply with rules we would never think to try to teach her .
How does this distractible little creature manage to derive so much information from her surroundings when she seems to be moving too fast to make sense of anything ?
Why , if we adults are so good at learning and doing things , is she so much better and faster at learning something as complex as , say , a language ?
Maybe , suggests an intriguing article published today in the journal Current Directions in Psychological Science , it 's because her underdeveloped powers of paying attention , of filtering out distractions and of imposing regular patterns on her experiences .
Maybe it 's because she lacks the very thing that makes her dad so good at filtering out distractions and getting things done -- a fully formed prefrontal cortex .
Babies are born with the foremost part of the brain -- the prefrontal cortex -- almost completely undeveloped .
For children developing normally , it takes about four years for that so - called " seat of higher reasoning " to catch up with the rest of the brain in size and complexity .
( For children with attention - deficit hyperactivity disorder , the maturation of the prefrontal cortex takes longer ; for those with autism , the prefrontal cortex develops early . )
This would explain why toddlers ( and some with ADHD ) are inattentive , distractible , do not remember what you told them 15 seconds ago , and " live in the moment " : when developed , the prefrontal cortex plays a key role in suppressing impulses , focusing on the task at hand and setting priorities among competing demands .
Yet , by the time a typical baby is 4 , she will have learned to speak ( in fact , she may never be quiet ) , and will have learned all kinds of complex behaviors -- that small creatures with fur are fun to torment , that climbing up a slide 's ladder will yield a fun ride down , that stealing a friend 's toy will bring momentary triumph but will also cause her friend to cry and a teacher to intervene .
In those crucial four years , a toddler 's accumulation of knowledge about her world may be unhampered by the discipline imposed by the prefrontal cortex , suggests a trio of neuroscientists from the University of Pennsylvania and Stanford University .
She vacuums up experience raw , the way she 'd ingest anything she found on the carpet .
Her prefrontal cortex does n't stand in the way and try to keep her " on task . "
It wo n't make her reject the use of a pan as , say , a hat because hats can not be made of shiny metal .
In language , her underdeveloped powers of attention will keep her from getting bogged down by pesky exceptions to rules of grammar or syntax .
So , she 'll always apply the most general rules she knows -- say , that adding an " s " makes things plural .
She 'll incorrectly say , " the mouses are running away , " because her underdeveloped prefrontal cortex did n't slow her down and take note that the plural of " mouse " is " mice . "
The authors call this period of disorderly learning " cognition without control . "
They note that it happens beyond babyhood as well : deep sleep , during which the prefrontal cortex is generally quiet and the sensory cortex is working overtime , would seem to afford even adults a nightly return to cognition without control -- and an opportunity to do what babies seem to do so well : to derive broad inferences from recently learned things without getting too bogged down in petty exceptions and details .
This is a theory , not a finding , note the authors , led by University of Pennsylvania 's Sharon L. Thompson - Schill : that evolution may have favored a delay in the maturation of the brain 's " braking system " as a means of allowing rough - but - rapid learning of complex matter such as language and social conventions .
But it 's a theory that might help clinicians and educators begin to identify what are the best windows for teaching very young children and for helping kids with developmental differences to learn as well .
-- Melissa Healy
THE YELLOW LAND
( Beijing , Tianjin , Shandong , Hebei , Henan , Shanxi , Shaanxi )
Territory : 906,243 km2 ( 9 % of total )
Population : 359 million ( 27 % of total )
Per Capital GDP : $ 3,855
Exports as % of GDP : 16 %
China was born on the banks of the Yellow River , where the silt - laden water , rich alluvial soil , and the harvested wheat all share the same yellow hue .
This is China ’s breadbasket where buns , dumplings , and noodles , rather than rice , are standard fare .
But the fertile Yellow Land is vulnerable to droughts and floods , as well as jealous invaders .
Since ancient times , its inhabitants have turned to a strong central government to keep them safe behind high walls and embankments .
In ancient times , the emperor ’s yellow robes symbolized his absolute command over the natural forces — earth , water , grain — that ensure life .
Ruling the Yellow Land is a delicate balancing act .
On its own , the Yellow Land would rank as the second most populous nation on earth , with more people than the United States packed into less than one tenth the territory .
Its resources , while plentiful , are stretched to the limit .
The Yellow Land produces huge quantities of basic staples like wheat , cotton , and peanuts , but is rapidly running short of water .
It has rich energy reserves , but over - dependence on coal accounts for some of the world ’s worst air pollution .
One resource this “ nation ” never lacks is clout .
For most of China ’s history , the Yellow Land has been the center of political power .
It can attract talent on a massive scale , giving it immense influence .
China ’s leaders hope these advantages can turn Beijing into a high - tech research hub and transform a select handful of state - sponsored companies like Lenovo and Haier into “ national champions ” that can dominate global markets .
But the heavy hand of the government can be stifling here .
Can the Yellow Land leverage its power to open up new opportunities ?
Or will a region that fears innovation inevitably fall behind ?
THE BACK DOOR
( Hong Kong , Macau , Guangdong , Hainan )
Territory : 231,963 km2 ( 2 % of total )
Population : 112 million ( 8 % of total )
Per Capita GDP : $ 6,910
Exports as % of GDP : 82 %
In Chinese , the “ back door ” refers to a way of doing business outside the normal , approved channels .
The South Sea coast is China ’s Back Door , far enough from the centers of power that nobody will notice if you bend a few rules .
As locals put it , “ The sky is broad and the emperor is far away . ”
Officials who were exiled to Yueh , as this land was once known , found it a fearful place whose inhabitants spoke strange dialects —
Cantonese , mainly — and feasted on snakes , cats , and monkeys .
But its clan - based villages , lush jungles , and rocky inlets offered ideal shelter for smugglers and secret societies to flourish .
Unlike their staid northern cousins , these freebooters learned to take risks and profit from them .
Other Chinese regard southerners as clever , sharp , and a bit slippery .
But as rebels and renegades , emigrants and entrepreneurs , they infuse much needed flexibility and creativity into an otherwise rigid system .
The Back Door might be troublesome to China ’s rulers , but it has also been useful .
When China was closed to the outside world , enclaves like Canton , Macau , and Hong Kong offered safely removed points of contact and exchange .
So when Deng Xiaoping wanted to open China ’s economy to trade and investment , the Back Door offered an ideal laboratory .
If reforms failed , they could be disowned and contained without contaminating the rest of China .
In fact , they succeeded beyond anyone ’s wildest expectations , transforming the region into an export juggernaut and a model for the rest of China .
WASHINGTON  The Central Intelligence Agency has terminated a contract with the security company formerly called Blackwater Worldwide that allowed the company to load bombs on C.I.A. drones in Pakistan and Afghanistan , intelligence officials said Friday .
The contract gave employees with the company an operational role in one of the Central Intelligence Agency ’s most significant covert programs , which has killed dozens of militants with Predator and Reaper drones .
The company ’s involvement highlighted the extent to which the C.I.A. had outsourced critical jobs to private companies since the 9/11 attacks .
The contract with the company , now called Xe Services , was canceled this year by Leon E. Panetta , the C.I.A. director , according to a C.I.A. spokesman .
In August , The New York Times first revealed the existence of the contract , which was run by a division of the company called Blackwater Select , which handles classified contracts .
George Little , the C.I.A. spokesman , said that Mr. Panetta had ordered that the agency ’s employees take over the jobs from Xe employees at the remote drone bases in Pakistan and Afghanistan , and that Mr. Panetta had also ordered a review of all contracts with the company .
Blackest Night : The Flash : # 1 shows how to start a Flash miniseries : by hitting the ground running .
Literally .
While Geoff Johns took a slow burn approach for Flash : Rebirth , this time he starts in media res , with the Flash racing around the world to let everyone know what Earth is up against : the dead are rising from their graves , possessed by Black Lantern rings .
The one - page opening sequence , followed by a dramatic double - page splash of the Flash running , serves another purpose : filling in readers who might not be familiar with the main Blackest Night miniseries .
As someone who has n’t been following the main event directly , I found this page extremely helpful .
Similarly , I imagine the two - page recap of Flash : Rebirth would probably help anyone approaching this miniseries from the Blackest Night perspective get “ up to speed ” with the current status of the Flash .
Once the recaps are out of the way , the issue alternates between high - speed Flash vs. Black Lantern action and interludes of the Rogues as they prepare to face their dead comrades .
It ’s effective pacing , providing both contrast and a sense of weight to an issue that , despite the battles , is still mostly setup ( more about that later ) .
Rogue Artist
I ’ve probably said it before , but Scott Kolins ’ art is a perfect fit for the grizzled Rogues .
He proves equally well - suited to the undead Black Lanterns .
Kolins also does a great job of conveying motion and stillness — important , since that contrast is one of the issue ’s major themes .
On the downside , there are places where his art comes off as too rough .
A one - panel appearance of the Titans stands out as an example .
Connected
The story is surprisingly connected to Flash : Rebirth , following through on several elements established in that miniseries but not ( at least as far as issue # 5 ) resolved .
It seems that Blackest Night : The Flash will be exploring the fallout from Rebirth ‘s changes , paving the way ( one hopes ) for more stand - alone stories in the new Flash ongoing that launches next year .
Even so , this issue feels less like setup and more like an actual story than the five issues of Flash : Rebirth that we ’ve seen so far .
Okay .
It ’s spoiler time .
If you do n’t want to know specifics , stop reading now .
Otherwise , keep reading after the cut .
.
.
SPOILERS AHEAD !
.
.
.
.
You ’ve been warned !
Undead
The two main Black Lanterns who appear in this issue are Professor Zoom and Solovar , former leader of Gorilla City .
I thought that the initial confrontation with Zoom was over way too quickly , but it ’s clear that he ’ll be back later .
I would have liked to get a better view of the Black Lantern Reverse Flash costume , but I think the more dramatic views ( including the first - appearance splash page ) served the story better .
The book raises a lot of questions about the nature of the Black Lanterns and whether they can be restored to life .
( OK , it ’s comics , of course they can ! )
In particular , “ Solovar ’s ” remarks about how he does n’t want to be like this , begging Barry to help him , and Barry ’s response : “ I do n’t know how . ”
The confrontation between the live and dead Rogues should be interesting .
Connections ( Now with Spoilers ! )
From comments
I ’ve seen online about Blackest Night , it seems that this issue takes place either during Blackest Night # 4 or between that issue and # 5 .
It starts with Barry Allen racing around the world to get the word out , and ends with everyone heading for Coast City .
That said , this issue seems to spin out of the event more than it feeds back in .
It also appears that Blackest Night as a whole takes place very shortly after Flash : Rebirth .
Barry is still catching up on the changes since his own death and still working through the revelations about his past and about the speed force .
There ’s also the through - line with Gorilla City and the speed force painting seen in Flash : Rebirth # 2 .
( Note : The gorilla leading that ceremony was Nnamdi , Solovar ’s son , who succeeded him as leader . )
I ’m disappointed that they ’ve decided to stick with the retcon that Barry lost his parents when he was young .
It just feels like an unnecessary darkening of the character .
But if they ’re going to keep it , it ’s good to see them exploring how it affected Barry ’s personality and history .
The focus on the Rogues , and Scott Kolins ’ artwork , also gives the book the feel of a follow - up to Final Crisis : Rogues ’ Revenge .
Add in the Rogues ’ cemetery , Tarpit and Captain Boomerang , Jr. , the new , green Gorilla City , and it feels like a bridge between Geoff Johns ’ previous Flash run starring Wally West and his upcoming Flash run starring Barry Allen .
The more I think about it , this is starting to look like the book I wanted Flash : Rebirth to be .
Now if we could just have a little more Wally and Bart …
See Also :
Share
Even Timmy is slowly realizing that the Administration will need to find a way to deflect Main Steet 's anger at Goldman and keep it focused exclusively on Wall Street instead of equating it with Obama et al .
The problem is - you make some very serious , tentacled enemies in the process .
Geithner also flip flops on his prior position on the transaction tax .
While before he was more opposed to the transaction tax than even Marla , his new " windsocked " position on the topic may now provide a challenge even to Nitric Oxide inhibitors .
But here is the clincher for the horse head of the year award :
Q : Did Goldman
Sachs need federal aid 14 months ago ?
A : The entire US financial system , and all the major firms in the country , and even small banks across the country , were at that moment in the middle of a classic run .
I think the system was at risk and none of the big institutions would have survived a situation in which we let that fire burn itself out .
And on record year end bonuses :
A . We have to end that era of irresponsibly high bonuses .
Executives were paid for taking imprudent risks .
It is very important we change the way these executives are paid , the form of compensation , this year .
And with that , Timmy can proceed to consider options outside of the public sector ( but not at Goldman Sachs . )
clip link
SEATTLE –
The weather was lousy and they did n't get to fly as long or as far as they 'd planned , but the two pilots at the controls of Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner during its maiden flight called it a wild success .
Boeing test pilots Mike Carriker and Randy Neville spent three hours putting the 787 through its paces Tuesday , flying several laps around the Puget Sound area at altitudes as great as 15,000 feet .
The flight was a key milestone for the 787 Dreamliner , which delays and setbacks have pushed more than two years behind schedule .
The plane took to the air for the first time six years after the Boeing board greenlighted the project .
It 's the first jetliner to use composite construction and all - electric systems .
The flight generated vast amounts of data for the flight - test program , which Boeing must work double - time to finish if it is to meet its goal of delivering the first 787 to Japan 's All Nippon Airways in nine months .
And though happy to have the first flight behind him , Carriker had no sooner stepped off the plane when he said he was eager to get back in the air
" Is it a relief ?
Yes , " he said of completing the inaugural flight .
" Would I like to go get another 20,000 pounds of gas and good weather and go again ?
You bet I would ... make that about 80,000 pounds of gas . "
He and Neville will have plenty of chances to fly the 787 .
Boeing 's got about 3,000 hours of tests ahead of it .
Boeing brought in two of its best for the 787's first flight .
Carriker is chief pilot on the 787 program and was a Navy pilot before joining Boeing in 1990 .
He 's made more than 300 carrier landings flying the A - 7E Corsair and F / A - 18 Hornet .
In addition to flying the 787 , Carriker was a chief test pilot on the 737 program and the assistant project pilot on the X - 32 Joint Strike Fighter program when Boeing was competing for the contract .
He also is checked out in the 1933 Boeing 247D , the company ’s first all - metal airliner .
Air Force veteran Randy Neville flew in right seat for the first flight .
Neville spent 20 years flying F - 106 Delta Darts and F - 16 Fighting Falcons .
He is a graduate of the USAF Test Pilot school and went on to weapons testing in the F - 4 and F - 16 .
Neville also flew the F - 22 Raptor while at Edwards Air Force Base in California .
Yesterday ’s flight lasted a little more than three hours after being cut short because of deteriorating weather .
Powered by two Rolls - Royce Trent 1000 engines , this was the first 787 off the assembly line , serial number ZA001 .
There will be five more 787s used in the flight test program over the next seven to eight months including two powered by General Electric GEnx engines .
Carriker says after Saturday ’s taxi tests , they were ready to fly .
“ We had the 5 degrees nose up on Satuday during taxi tests , " he said .
" So we know the airplane wanted to fly , it was tired of being on the ground . ”
The weather was n’t great in the morning .
Clouds were between 4,500 and 5,000 feet and there was some strong winds aloft .
The original flight plan called for flying to eastern Washington .
But when another Boeing pilot in a T - 38 chase plane found foul weather during a weather reconnaissance flight , Boeing opted for " Plan B " and a flight over the Puget Sound region .
Just after 10 a.m. , ZA001 pulled out of its parking spot on the flight line at Paine Field not far from where it was assembled in the massive Boeing factory .
After a short back taxi down the runway and a few minutes going over final systems checks , Carriker and Neville lined up ZA001 on runway 34L as the thousands watched in anticipation .
At 10:27 , the call was heard on the radio : “ Ready , steady , now . ”
And with Carriker pshed the throttles forward and the 787 accelerated down the runway with two T - 33s flying just above .
Once airborne , Carriker leveled off at about 2,500 feet to avoid going into the clouds .
They wanted to perform some instrument checks before flying in the clouds by instrument flight rules .
After performing the checks and receiving clearance from air traffic control , Carriker said everything looked good and made a call to engineers on the ground saying they were ready to start the first flight test .
“ I called the telemetry and said , ‘ Hey TM , I can control my bank angle , I can control my heading , I can control my pitch attitude , I can control my velocity along my vector , we are good to fly , " Carriker recounted after the flight .
ZA001 landing at Boeing Field
And with that , Carriker and Neville proceeded to fly for the next three hours completing several laps over a relatively cloudless area in the rain shadow of the Olympic Mountains northwest of Seattle .
“ We popped out of the top of the clouds at about 7,000 feet and there was the snow - capped Olympics , the Straits of San Juan , all framed in the front left window of a 787 at 10,000 feet ” Carriker said .
“ That image will be in my mind for the rest of my life . ”
Lousy weather forced them to fly short legs , turning about every 15 minutes .
It was n't what they 'd planned .
“ We took off with a very , very , very aggressive plan , ” Carriker said .
“ We were going to take off and fly for five and a half hours and do many , many points that actually count for the final , the final score , the final certification of the airplane .
And we achieved about half of those . ”
Neville said the test points were fairly straight forward , with no unusual maneuvers or surprises .
“ We took off with flaps 20 [ degrees ] , the normal take off setting and we stayed there for quite a ways .
We were at flaps 20 for the bulk of the mission , that was with the gear down , ” he said of the early part of the flight .
“ We ultimately got to flaps 30 , we cycled the landing gear , that was a big point we wanted to do .
We brought the gear up then we both breathed a big sigh of relief when we put it back down and it came down properly . ”
Because of the small region of clear weather and the need to make numerous turns during the shortened flight , the pilots could n't achieve the speed they wanted to .
Much of the flight was spent at around 160 knots ( 184 mph ) , according to Neville .
They flew to a maximum altitude of 15,000 feet .
As you can imagine , the test flight generated as much interest in the air as it did on the ground .
Carriker says it was great fun talking other pilots who were in the region who were curious to know if the plane 's unusual call sign , ‘ Boeing 001 , ’ meant the 787 was flying .
“ Everybody wanted to know if the Dreamliner was airborne and it was really cool to say , ‘ You bet , we are airborne today , ’ ” he said .
787 Program Manger Scott Fancher with Test Pilots Randy Neville and Mike Carriker
Eventually it was time to land at Boeing Field in Seattle where ZA001 will be based during the continued flight testing .
Weather at the airport was worse than at Paine Field and the crew flew an instrument approach known as an ILS onto runway 13 R in wet conditions .
“ We even got to do a functional check of the windshield wipers coming back here , ” Carriker said with a smile .
As is the case with any pilot , even the chief test pilot of the 787 liked to point out the good ending to his flight .
“ I thought the landing was pretty good , ” Carriker said .
“ It does n’t count how well you fly the airplane up and down Straits of San Juan , it only counts how well you land it . ”
Boeing says there will be more than 3,000 flight test hours flown before the 787 is certified by the Federal Aviation Administration .
The first of 840 pre orders for the mostly composite airliner should start late in 2010 if all goes according to the current plan .
The crew says the flight test schedule will be the same as it was before , though some of the venues might change .
“ We thought we were going to do icing tests in December , and now we ’re probably going to do icing tests in July , ” Carriker said referring to the previous schedule , which had the first flight slated for last June .
“ Which means we ’re probably going someplace in South America .
But that ’s about it , we ’re not changing the plan .
We think it ’s going to be about seven or eight months . ”
The crew said the next flight for ZA001 should come in about a week once more instrumentation is added .
Air - to - air photos : Boeing .
All others : Jason Paur / Wired.com
See Also :
Chief Test Pilot Mike Carriker gives the thumbs up after successful first flight of the 787
ZA001 taxis to the press conference after landing at Boeing Field
While out in public taking photographs you may find someone giving you a funny look or even approach you to ask what you ’re doing .
In general , you have the right to photograph anything and ...
Are you an indie RPG dev ?
Have you recently played a great iOS RPG ?
If so , RPG - site would love to hear from you and list your game .
Whether it ’s brand new or released ages ago , if it ’s still available in iTunes then it can be featured here .
istara@gmail or @rpg_site on Twitter
INDEX of all games
BEIJING ( Reuters Life ! ) - A Chinese city with one of the nation ’s highest rates of AIDS has opened a government - funded gay bar in an outreach effort that has stirred debate over the use of taxpayers ’ money .
A drag queen performer is seen at a bar in Dali , Yunnan province , November 23 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Stringer
The health department in Dali , a picturesque city on a lake in southwestern Yunnan province , funded the bar to reach out to China ’s increasingly open gay community .
Dali is one of the 10 cities in China most affected by AIDS .
Same - sex transmission accounts for about one - third of new HIV infections in China , the minister of health said this month .
“ Some readers think that it ’s a waste of taxpayer money , or an indirect endorsement of homosexual behavior , ” the Beijing News said in an opinion piece on Monday , citing letters to the editor after it ran an article on the bar over the weekend .
“ They think if there were another way to reach out to the gay community , it would n’t be necessary to open a bar . ”
Founder Zhang Jianbo hopes that the bar will be a public gathering place for gay men , especially from rural villages , who used to gather in a patch of woods near the historic town .
The bar offers sex education and free condoms , in addition to companionship , Zhang said in an interview with the newspaper .
Though funded by the government , the bar is staffed by volunteers from a local non-government organization that works to prevent AIDS .
“ Each year , the Dali city government spends 20,000 yuan ( $ 2,929 ) on treatment drugs for AIDS .
So if our bar succeeds in reducing transmission , our 120,000 yuan will be well - spend , ” Jiang Anmin , deputy director of health in Dali , told the paper .
China ’s gay community for decades lived in fear of discrimination and prejudice , with the earliest gay bars often the targets of police raids and closures while homosexuals often married women to avoid family and social pressures .
China now has about 100,000 known AIDS cases , but some health experts worry that HIV could spread easily among migrant workers and other hard - to - reach sectors .
The government has switched to a strategy of outreach to the gay community , as part of efforts over the past few years to fight the spread of HIV .
“ In the past the government relied on NGOs to reach out to the gay community , ” Bing Lan , director of outreach organization Aibai , told Reuters .
“ Now there ’s a change , in that some local health bureaus feel they are able to reach out to the community themselves . ”
But one unintended consequence of outreach efforts in parks , bars and bathhouses frequented by gay men , Bing said , is that some gay men now avoid those haunts for fear of being found out .
“ Today I saw a blog , saying that when the bar in Dali has its official opening on World Aids Day , no - one will dare to go because there will be too many reporters there , ” he said .
( $ 1=6.827 Yuan )
by Luke Wroblewski December 16 , 2009
Though most people would n't consider Apple 's Web site an important online destination , November saw Apple in the top ten list of US Web sites .
62 million Internet users visited Apple online during the month with an average of 1 hour and 18 minutes spent per user .
By comparison , Google had 155 million unique visitors in November .
Apple 's online store certainly played a role in this achievement as retail sales data shows that Mac sales were up 21 % year - over - year in the months of October and November .
So it 's interesting to note that Apple 's primary online sales channel ( Web - based checkout ) was redesigned during this time .
The previous design of Apple 's checkout form spanned multiple pages and utilized a top - level progress indicator to highlight where people were in the proces .
Errors were displayed at the page - level and did not reference the fields responsible for errors nor provide actionable remedies when error messages showed up .
The final checkout confirmation screen had a confusing mix of buttons instead of a single primary call to action .
While it ’s certainly a good idea to let people know how far along in a process they are , you need to be wary of progress indicators that incorrectly represent the number of Web pages or steps required to complete a form .
An all too common practice for forms spanning multiple Web pages is the inclusion of a progress indicator that does not accurately mirror the number of pages a form requires .
Consider a typical ecommerce checkout form progress indicator that states there are three pages of inputs you can expect : shipping , billing , and place order .
When it comes time to select a shipping address , however , page one is selecting from an existing list of shipping addresses .
If the address you want to ship to is not listed , an additional page is required , and you need to add a new address .
All of a sudden , step one becomes two steps .
When selecting billing in step two , you may need to verify an online payment service provider , log in to its site , select a source of funding , or provide a new billing address .
Now step two is four steps .
So we ’ve taken six steps to accomplish what we told our customers was going to take two steps .
It ’s not that giving people a sense of how many steps are required is a bad thing ; but we are rarely telling them the truth .
One solution is to avoid the progress indicator altogether and just get people through the form as fast as possible .
The other is to provide a more high - level progress indicator that does not set expectations explicitly .
The input field that is responsible for an error should not only be visible on the page but also prominently marked .
Both the top - level error message and this input field need to have clear instructions that encourage people to either try another answer or seek help if they can ’t .
The inclusion of instructions next to the input field responsible for the error provides people with a remedy where they need it most : where the error can be fixed .
Actions such as Submit , Save , or Continue are intended to enable completion , which is the primary goal of just about anyone who has started filling in a form .
Because they enable the most important action on the form ( completion ) , they can be referred to as primary actions .
Secondary actions , on the other hand , tend to be less utilized and often allow people to retract the data they ’ve entered .
Because secondary actions can have negative consequences , especially when used unintentionally , I ’ve often argued they should be absent from forms .
That said , there are situations where secondary actions make sense ( such as Save for Later , Preview , Export , etc. ) .
Though it may be tempting to treat Previous and Next as equal actions in these circumstances , keeping people moving forward with a primary Continue action and a secondary Back action is likely to be more productive .
After all , we want people to complete these forms , right ?
When you reduce the visual prominence of secondary actions , it minimizes the risk for potential errors and further directs people toward a successful outcome .
Apple 's redesigned checkout form utilizes an accordion interaction to move people through sets of related questions .
This eliminates the need for multiple Web pages and the progress indicator in the previous design .
As people complete each section , the form expands inline to display the next set of required questions .
You can see this in action on the Apple store .
While the previous form design used top - aligned labels to present questions to users , the new design utilizes top - aligned labels for section headers only and labels within input fields for everything else .
In cases where available screen real estate is scant ( like an accordion form ) , combining labels and input fields into a single user interface element may be a tempting way to conserve precious space .
However , there are a number of considerations worth calling out .
A reliable interaction for labels within forms requires the label to disappear quickly when people place their cursor into the input field so they can easily provide their answer .
Otherwise , the label might stay and become part of someone ’s answer .
Because labels within fields need to go away when people are entering their answer into an input field , the context for the answer is gone .
So if you suddenly forget what question you ’re answering , tough luck — the label is nowhere to be found .
As such , labels within inputs are n’t a good solution for long or even medium - length forms .
When you ’re done filling in the form , all the labels are gone !
That makes it a bit hard to go back and check your answers .
Apple 's solution may be able to mitigate this issue because the form is mostly asking for inputs with a known structure .
Mailing addresses , for example , have a widely known structure that can be leveraged to help people understand how to answer questions about shipping or billing locations .
Other examples include first name and last name , date and time , or the parts of a phone number .
These input groups can be utilized within forms to provide additional clues on which questions were answered ( once the labels are gone ) .
The always visible section headers help as well .
Lastly , labels within input fields should be presented in a way that makes it obvious at first glance that they are labels and not answers .
The Apple form grays out the label text to distinguish labels from answers .
On the new Apple checkout form , people are asked for their ZIP code first and then given a set of choices for their city and state .
On the plus side , this interaction design removes some awkward ways of answering questions .
Specifically : drop - down menus for states that run 50 entries high .
On the negative side , when faced with a set of inputs that match the structure of a mailing address ( as mentioned above ) , people often skip over labels as they fill in the pieces .
The components and layout of an address are familiar to just about everyone in the US .
The Apple site breaks this structure by asking for ZIP code out of order .
Any question you ask people in a Web form requires them to parse it , formulate a response , and then input their answer in the affordance you have provided on the form .
Being vigilant about every question you ask allows you to remove questions that are not absolutely necessary , or can be asked at a better time or place , or can be inferred automatically .
And the fewer questions you ask , the better the odds are of people completing your forms quickly and easily .
Credit card numbers follow a consistent structure .
American Express cards start with either 34 or 37 .
Mastercard numbers begin with 51 – 55 .
Visa cards start with 4 .
And so on .
This information can be used to infer what type of credit card someone is using simply by looking at his credit card number .
In their redesigned checkout form , Apple does exactly that .
When someone enters a credit card number , the appropriate card type is highlighted directly above .
This eliminates the need to ask people what type of credit card they have — one less question to parse , think through , and respond to .
Selection dependent inputs require people to answer follow - up questions based on their answer to an initial question — usually without having to go to another Web page .
The new Apple checkout form 's payment section uses selection dependent inputs to ask follow - up questions based on the payment method people select .
Horizontal tabs arranged across the top of the Payment section allow people to navigate to a section of the form that contains appropriate selection - dependent inputs .
The tabs present not only the initial set of options , but also provide a strong indicator of the current selection .
While most people are familiar with the concept of navigation tabs on the Web , the way in which they fill in Web forms may impair the effectiveness of this approach .
When completing a form , many people move from top to bottom and , as a result , may ignore horizontal options .
There may also be a lack of clarity about whether horizontal tabs are mutually exclusive .
Will I submit my selections on all three tabs with the form or only the selections I made on the active tab ?
However , when testing horizontal tabs in Web forms for my book Web Form Design , none of our participants made any errors , they were able to complete the task quite quickly , and provided high satisfaction scores for this design .
So Apple seems to have picked the best fitting UI for this task from the options available .
As we saw , Apple 's previous checkout form had a number of visual calls to action of varying shapes and colors .
The new design significantly reduces the visual weight of secondary actions and puts all the focus on one primary action : Continue .
This helps to illuminate a clear path to completion in the form .
Apple 's new checkout form also introduced in - context error messages .
So errors are now displayed next to the input fields causing them with clear instructions on how they can be resolved .
However , the elimination of a top - level error message means it is possible to enter a state where errors are present on a page but only indicated through a light yellow background color .
I had this issue come up when changing my credit card information .
The credit card number and security code were in an error state but nothing on the form ( beyond the light yellow color ) told me that .
This is especially troubling when you consider that Apple 's Web browser , Safari , and other browsers use a similar shade of yellow to indicate input fields they autofill for you .
In fact , in Apple 's previous checkout form a light yellow background indicated an auto - completed input field .
In the new checkout form , it indicates an error .
Why is n't Apple using red ( the standard color for errors ) in its form ?
That seems to be reserved for free shipping !
Please digg this story here .
Link to the video in HD on YouTube .
If you like these videos then follow me on twitter : @eirikso – and you ’ll be the first to know about other projects that I might do .
The story
All through 2008 I snapped still images from the same spot on my balcony to make a sort of time lapse video showing one year passing by .
The video was hugely successful and has close to two million views on YouTube in addition to about one million on Vimeo and hundreds of thousands of views and downloads from other web sites .
Last year I bought a new camera .
The Canon 5D Mark II .
In addition to excellent quality stills you can also shoot HD video with that camera .
So I decided to do the same thing all over again .
But this time I recorded 30 second video clips each time .
My idea was that it would be possible to dissolve between the videos to get the same kind of time lapse effect , but this time with motion all the way .
Snow falling , wind blowing etc .
2009 is over and I have now put all the clips I recorded through the year into a couple of videos .
I recorded clips with a 15 mm fisheye , a 24 mm wide angle and a 50 mm lens .
I ’ve made three different versions .
The first one is the one at the top of this article .
Shot with the 15 mm fisheye and “ defished ” using Fisheye Hemi in Photoshop .
To do that I exported the video as an image sequence and did a batch job in Photoshop to run the fisheye hemi filter and some cropping .
The 50 mm gives a closer look at the trees and I decided to make a longer video that gives a better view of how nature evolves with that footage .
I ended up with 120 seconds .
Link to the video in HD on YouTube .
The last video is a version from the 24 mm footage .
That ’s the short one .
One year in 60 seconds …
Link to the video in HD on YouTube .
Download the full quality versions through BitTorrent :
All the videos are available on Mininova for download through BitTorrent in HD :
24 mm – One Year in 60 seconds ( 1280×720 30 P )
15 mm – One Year in 90 seconds ( 1280×720 30 P )
50 mm – One Year in 120 seconds ( 1280×720 30 P )
How To-video ( english ) ( 1280×720 30 P )
How did you do it ?
The way I did it is actually quite simple .
I found a spot on my balcony where I could place the camera in the exact same spot each time .
Then I recorded video clips at irregular intervals .
More or less once a week all thorugh 2009 .
More often during spring and autumn and not that often during summer and winter .
All the videos are then put together using lots of dissolves .
It ’s easier to explain the process in a video , so here it is :
Link to the video in HD on YouTube .
The audio
The sound was simply recorded with the Canon 5D Mark II as well .
And left as it was recorded on all the clips in the video .
Can I use the videos in my projects ?
Yes .
All the videos are licensed with a Creative Commons License .
To be exact : by attribution , share alike , non commercial .
This work by Eirik Solheim is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - Noncommercial - Share Alike 3.0 Norway License .
But what about commercial use ?
If you want to use the video commercially I ’ve decided to test a feature called Files Forever .
At my hosting company , Dreamhost .
You can buy a royalty - free , eirikso.com - bug free , totally clean full quality version of the file .
It ’s a ridiculous $ 99 , - and the money will cover parts of my hosting fees for this website .
Buy the files here :
One year in 60 seconds ( 24 mm )
One year in 90 seconds ( 15 mm )
One year in 120 seconds ( 50 mm )
Yeah .
But I want to buy the original footage .
The files directly from your 5D .
I want to edit this myself .
No problem .
Please contact me at :
eirikso ( at ) eirikso ( dot ) com
Where was this filmed ?
In Oslo , Norway
I do n’t believe you , this is fake .
If you think the video was made in post production using fancy graphics software …
Well , that ’s your problem .
Not mine .
I want to make something amazing from the raw clips
Contact me , and we ’ll see what we can do .
I have other questions
Use the comments , so that I can answer to all the other people with the same questions .
… and by the way : if you ’re into geocaching I ’ve actually placed a cache in the area you see in the videos .
Are you a web design freelancer , a team , or heading up a design agency ?
Then , you ’re always looking for ways to improve productivity .
You also try to advance the quality of your products .
This ongoing quest for improvement is never - ending .
It includes tips for keeping abreast of the latest digital technologies .
It also involves a constant search for the best tools and resources you can get your hands on .
There ’s no shortage of quality tools and resources .
Quite the opposite is true .
The problem you face is that some are better than others .
You have to devote an extensive amount of time searching for those that will serve you best .
This selection of top tools and resources for 2019 should make your search a quick and easy one .
Its 2 million active installs more than backs up the claim that Elementor is the world ’s leading and most advanced WordPress page builder on the market .
Its drag and drop page builder is quick and powerful , its interface is intuitive , and the wealth of features it brings to the table can significantly streamline and shorten web designers ’ workflows .
With Elementor , creating the perfect website to promote your message is quick , painless , and requires no coding .
Use any of Elementor ’s 100 + pre-designed templates to get a project off to a fast start , or design from scratch in which case you have a host of widgets and other design aids at your fingertips to speed the process along .
While you can take full advantage of this web - building tool ’s extreme flexibility to create virtually any type of website you want , Elementor works perfectly with any theme and plugin .
Plus , several cool new features have been added including pop-up and advanced form builders , hover and scroll animations , MailChimp and HubSpot integrations , and more .
There are few if any WordPress themes on the market that enable you to create a quality website of any type or for any business niche as quickly and easily as BeTheme can do .
You do n’t have to start from scratch , and you do n’t have to use code thanks to Be ’s impressive selection of core features .
The star of the show has to be its library of more than 400 pre-built websites .
These pre-built websites address all industry sectors and website types .
Each website is customizable , can be installed with a single click , and provides a solid foundation for high - quality UI and UX designs .
The shortcode library , a shortcode generator , options panel , a brand - new Header Builder , and the Muffin Builder ensure you will never need to use a single line of code .
BeTheme can make building a complex , responsive , SEO - friendly website in as little as 4 hours a reality .
With this all - in - one table and chart building solution , you can download huge amounts of complex data and in minutes , if not seconds , create informative and eye - popping charts and tables to present to your website visitors .
The wpDataTables plugin is currently producing charts and tables for more than 21,000 happy users ; users who have given it a 4.7 + average rating .
In addition to being able to work with data in all the common formats and widely available sources , wpDataTables offers the only solution that fully supports and easily manages SQL database queries .
wpDataTables features include a selection of eye - candy skins ( 4 , with more to come ) , color coding and highlighting thanks to the conditional formatting feature , total customization of table designs , and front - end editing of table data .
This premier table and chart building solution can be yours at a 30 % coupon discount ( code WPDTJUN8413 ) from now to mid-July .
Uncode is a professionally - designed , pixel - perfect theme that offers unparalleled flexibility and performance .
Select from its library of design concepts to get a stunning website up and running in a few short hours .
Visit Uncode ’s website and view its collection of user - built websites .
You ’ll come away with a solid understanding of what this WordPress theme can do for you and why , with over 50,000 sales , it ’s one of Theme Forest ’s all - time top sellers .
Nutcache is an all - in - one productivity tool design teams or freelancers can put to good use for their task and time tracking and budget monitoring and invoicing needs .
Because of this tool ’s flexibility , it adapts easily to project workflows and helps to streamline them .
Team members and project stakeholders will benefit from Nutcache ’s collaboration , feedback , and approval features .
Businesses in need of a smoothly functioning appointment booking and management system will absolutely love Amelia .
Amelia saves businesses time and money by fully automating these processes .
It can book appointments 24/7 , match customer needs to employee availability , manage changes and cancellations , and accept online payments .
A new Events module enables Amelia to serve as an events calendar as well .
Amelia easily integrates with WooCommerce , Google Calendar , and other business - oriented external systems .
Use coupon code AMELIAJUNE5235 for a 30 % discount through mid-July .
Dr. Link Check tracks down broken and malicious links that could pose a threat to or significantly downgrade the performance of a website or in a worst - case scenario cause it to be blacklisted .
It checks for proper URL formatting , server response time , SSL certificate validity and more , and informs you of needed changes .
You can schedule monthly , weekly , or daily checks of your website .
Dr. Link check will notify you of its findings and analysis by email .
Houzez is chock - full of the features and functions realtors and agencies require as they go about their daily business , whether out conducting showings or in the office .
This drag and drop - based specialty theme provides its users with advanced search capabilities , multiple listings display options , a property management system , and property showings scheduling .
Houzez can easily be adapted to a real estate agency ’s business model .
Mobirise is an easy to use , drag and drop , and mobile friendly website builder .
This offline app is free for both commercial and personal use .
Since you ’re not tied to a specific platform you have total control over your design , and you can host your website wherever you want .
Mobirise , with its huge library of trendy website blocks , templates , icons , fonts , and images , has been used to create more than 1.5 million sites to date .
goodiewebsite is a cost - effective platform that connects business website owners and web designers with web developers .
It offers an ideal solution for anyone needing front - end development of small to medium ( 1 to 10 - page ) websites .
With goodiewebsite , you can expect quality deliverables based on more than 12 years of software development experience .
Stockfresh offers millions of hand - picked , royalty - free stock photos and vector images at affordable , competitive prices .
The Stockfresh website is easy to work with and navigate .
Photos and images are “ you see what you get ” except of course the Stockfresh watermark that appears on some has been removed on the downloaded files .
Stockfresh plans to increase its offerings to include templates , fonts , and other design goodies
Subscribe to any plan at a 20 % discount ( use code BLKFRD17 ) .
Savah App is an advanced prototyping tool for web and mobile app designers .
It can be put to excellent use from one end of a project to the other .
Apply it to build simple prototypes for design concept feedback and approval , mid-design phase rapid prototyping , and high - fidelity interactive prototypes for user testing and design sign off .
Several monthly paid plans are available , or you can subscribe to an annual plan at a 30 % discount .
What would you expect to find in a Swiss Army knife of SEO tools ?
Everything you need for on - page SEO for starters , plus WooCommerce SEO , Local SEO , an SEO analysis tool , Sitemaps , AMP , and more .
The Rank Math SEO tool even includes a content - analysis capability you can use to help you write SEO - friendly content .
This useful tool addresses an aspect of web design many find quite challenging .
It ’s powerful and easy to use .
With WP Review
Pro you can spice up your eCommerce website by including information that most customers consider to be of great value – product reviews and product comparisons .
This WooCommerce - compatible , speed - optimized tool ’s advanced options panel lets you choose among and present multiple rating systems , including 5 - star rating .
You can also integrate with Facebook customer reviews , a feature that can play a key role in boosting website conversions .
What can you expect from a brand new ( January 2019 ) mobile website featuring a super - simple and futuristic UI ?
Lightning speed for one thing .
Google AMP guarantees that .
Get listed on Google with a single click .
Create a website at home or on the go on your mobile device .
Link to your own domain or use 8b.io .
That ’s just for starters , and 8 b is , at the moment , free .
Easy Ways to Level up Your Game
Select just one of these tools , themes , or resources .
The impact you can expect on your website design capabilities should make your day .
Pick several , and who knows what you could accomplish .
A quality WordPress theme plus a couple of specialty plugins can do magic .
These could enable you to turn out one stunning , award - winning website after another .
Since there are several free items to try , there ’s really no excuse for letting them slip by .
I have to admit that I ’m indifferent to most of Erik Buell ’s creations .
Like some , I ’m not really in Buell ’s target market .
His greatest achievements — aside from cultivating a distinctive brand within the moribund Harley - Davidson group — have always come from his engineering prowess .
So it seems fitting to pay tribute to the guy by taking a look at where it all started .
The Buell RW750 was a two - stroke , ‘ square - four ’ racer that ran in the 1983 AMA Formula One series .
It was originally the flawed creation of an obscure Welsh engine maker called Barton , but Buell ingeniously re-engineered it , building a competitive bike that was clocked at 178 mph at Talladega .
Then the AMA changed the regulations and the RW ( ‘ Road Warrior ’ ) became redundant overnight .
Still , it was enough to launch Erik ’s career .
And I suspect — indeed hope — we have n’t heard the last of him .
www.angelfire.com/dragon/letstry
cwave04 at yahoo dot com
My Guestbook
Home > ... tutorials ... ... Compiler Compiler tutorial
The second part of this tutorial is given here .
Page 1 Motivation behind why one should care to design a new language .
Page 2
Introduction to a detailed example that we shall use in the following pages .
Page 3
The parts of a compiler .
Page 4 Lexical analysis for our example Page 5 Syntax analysis for our example Page 6
How to write a grammar ( basic techniques ) Page 7
Some theory of syntax analysis Page 8
More on syntax analysis ( interactive page , uses javascript ) Page 10 Semantic analysis Page 11 More on semantic analysis Page 12
And still more on semantic analysis ( interactive page , uses javascript )
What you already need to know This tutorial assumes that you have basic familiarity with C .
For instance , you should know arrays and structure in C .
Also , we have used a big example that involves some html and javascript .
A basic familiarity with these languages would help you follow the tutorial better .
Other sources Compiler construction is by no means a lost art , and there are very many excellent sources that one can learn it from .
Two very good sources are : The book Compiler Design by Aho , Sethi and Ulman . :
It is the classic textbook of the subject , and it is an excellent textbook .
But unfortunately it is only a textbook , and lacks lively examples .
by :
It is the classic textbook of the subject , and it is an excellent textbook .
But unfortunately it is only a textbook , and lacks lively examples .
The Modern Compiler Implementation book ( or rather , books , for there are 3 pairs of them , one pair each for Java , C and ML ) by Andrew Appel :
These books are real gems , and provide a very well balanced treatment in terms of theory and practice .
They are full of examples .
There is web support available at the author 's homepage .
What 's special about this tutorial ?
Most ( if not all ) of the good sources of compiler design info ( including the two books mentioned above ) suffer from two problems .
They somehow always focus themselves on how to make a language like C ( with possibly a bit of object orientedness thrown in for good measure ) .
But this should by no means be the main aim of a compiler designer .
Even if you know how to make new C like languages within a matter of seconds , you should refrain from designing one , because if everyone starts designing his / her personal general purpose language it would defeat the very purpose of having a general purpose language .
It is for designing special purpose languages that one should devote one 's knowledge .
And that 's where the fun is mainly !
The standard texts ( and even some of the standard compiler courses ) are strangely silent about this aspect !
This tutorial , on the other hand , brings this issue to the fore .
The second shortcoming of the standard texts seems to be their reluctance in teaching how to design a language .
They talk a lot about designing the compiler for a language assuming the language syntax is already provided .
But in real world , you will rarely start with a ready - made language .
You will start with a vague idea about what the language should do and how .
This tutorial tries to provide insight into how you turn this vague specification into a set of rigid grammar rules .
As the 2000s become the 2010s , we all feel a little bit different and older , even if we can't see it .
Not so for the liberal 's Walter Cronkite , Jon Stewart .
That said , Mr. Stewart still looks dreamy enough to make any left - leaning lady ( and some of the boys ) cream her jeans .
Thanks to The Daily Show 's Decade in Review we can see what a pipsqueak he was when he started though .
All though years fighting the good fight during a conservative regime have made him tougher and a little world - weary , like Alec Guinness at the end of The Bridge on the River Kwai .
As the years go by the hair has gotten a bit thinner and grayer ( blame the Bush administration ) , though the style has n't changed .
Same thing with the ties .
While he did n't follow the skinnier silhouette preferred by popular fashion , he has changed to more of a stripey pattern from the solids he preferred earlier in the decade .
The paper and pen though , they 're still there every night .
As are the jokes .
Thanks for being there for us , Jon , even though you make us all feel old .
How a Web Design Goes Straight to Hell
This is for all the web designers out there who have suffered as I have suffered .
Senior U.S. officials are pushing to expand CIA drone strikes beyond Pakistan ’s tribal region and into a major city in an attempt to pressure the Pakistani government to pursue Taliban leaders based in Quetta .
The proposal has opened a contentious new front in the clandestine war .
The prospect of Predator aircraft strikes in Quetta , a sprawling city , signals a new U.S. resolve to decapitate the Taliban .
But it also risks rupturing Washington ’s relationship with Islamabad .
The concern has created tension among Obama administration officials over whether unmanned aircraft strikes in a city of 850,000 are a realistic option .
Proponents , including some military leaders , argue that attacking the Taliban in Quetta -- or at least threatening to do so -- is crucial to the success of the revised war strategy President Obama unveiled last week .
“ If we do n’t do this -- at least have a real discussion of it -- Pakistan might not think we are serious , ” said a senior U.S. official involved in war planning .
“ What the Pakistanis have to do is tell the Taliban that there is too much pressure from the U.S. ; we ca n’t allow you to have sanctuary inside Pakistan anymore . ”
But others , including high - ranking U.S. intelligence officials , have been more skeptical of employing drone attacks in a place that Pakistanis see as part of their country ’s core .
Pakistani officials have warned that the fallout would be severe .
“ We are not a banana republic , ” said a senior Pakistani official involved in discussions of security issues with the Obama administration .
If the United States follows through , the official said , “ this might be the end of the road . ”
The CIA in recent years has stepped up a campaign against Al Qaeda and the Taliban in Pakistan , much of it with drone strikes in the rural tribal areas along the border with Afghanistan .
The operations have been conducted with the consent of the government of President Asif Ali Zardari , who has proved a reliable ally to America in his first 15 months in office .
Zardari , however , is facing mounting political woes , and the CIA airstrikes are highly unpopular among the Pakistani public , because of concerns over national sovereignty and civilian casualties .
If drone attacks now confined to small villages were to be mounted in a sizable city , the death rate of innocent bystanders would probably increase .
Obama has endorsed an expansion of CIA operations in the country , approving the deployment of more spies and resources in a clandestine counterpart to the 30,000 additional U.S. troops being sent into Afghanistan .
But the push to expand drone strikes underscores the limits of the Obama offensive .
The administration has given itself 18 months to show evidence of a turnaround in Afghanistan .
But progress in Pakistan depends almost entirely on drone strikes and prodding a sometimes reluctant ally , which provides much of the intelligence to conduct the strikes , to do more .
U.S. and Pakistani officials stressed that the United States has stopped short of issuing an ultimatum to Pakistan .
“ It just does n’t make a whole lot of sense to use heavy - handed tactics when you ’ve got this kind of relationship , ” said a U.S. counter - terrorism official .
Like others , he discussed the issue on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the subject .
Obama alluded to the effort to enlist more Pakistani help on the day his strategy was announced .
“ The most important thing we can do in Pakistan is to change their strategic orientation , ” Obama said in a meeting with news columnists Dec. 1 .
The pursuit of Al Qaeda involves a range of activities , he said , “ some of which I ca n’t discuss . ”
As Obama deliberated over the strategy for Afghanistan through fall , administration officials consulted with Pakistan in high - level meetings in Islamabad , also using those sessions to pressure the government to do more .
Among those involved were Gen. James L. Jones , Obama ’s national security advisor ; Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal , the U.S. commander in Afghanistan ; and Leon E. Panetta , director of the CIA .
“ We have applied enormous pressure , ” the senior U.S. official said .
Pakistan is not expected to hand over Mullah Mohammed Omar , the Taliban leader and longtime ally of Osama bin Laden who fled Afghanistan when U.S. forces invaded after the Sept. 11 attacks .
Omar is believed to have used Quetta as a base from which to orchestrate insurgent attacks in Afghanistan .
But U.S. officials said they have presented Pakistan with a list of Taliban lieutenants and argued that , with a U.S. pullout scheduled to begin in 18 months , the urgency of dismantling the so - called Quetta shura is greater than at any time in the 8 - year - old war .
The senior Pakistani official bristled at the suggestion that Pakistan has been reluctant to target militants in Quetta , saying U.S. assertions about the city ’s role as a sanctuary have been exaggerated .
“ We keep hearing that there is a shadow government in Quetta , but we have never been given actionable intelligence , ” the Pakistani official said .
Pakistan is prepared to pursue Taliban leaders , including Omar , even when the intelligence is imprecise , the official said .
“ Even if a compound 1 kilometer by 1 kilometer is identified , we will go find him . ”
But , he added , “ for the past two years we have n’t heard anything more . ”
Pakistan has launched a series of military operations against Islamic militants over the last year .
But those operations have been aimed primarily at Taliban factions accused of carrying out attacks in Pakistan , not the groups directing strikes on U.S. forces across the border .
The CIA has carried out dozens of Predator strikes in Pakistan ’s tribal belt over the last two years , relying extensively on information provided by informant networks run by Pakistan ’s spy service , Inter - Services Intelligence .
The campaign is credited with killing at least 10 senior Al Qaeda operatives since the pace of the strikes was accelerated in August 2008 , but has enraged many Pakistanis because of civilian casualties .
The number of attacks has slowed in recent months .
Possible causes include weather disruptions and difficulty finding targets as insurgents get better at eluding the Predator , and larger Reaper , drone patrols .
Of 48 attacks carried out this year , only six have taken place since the end of September , according to data compiled by the website The Long War Journal .
The latest attack occurred Friday , in which a senior Al Qaeda operations planner named Saleh Somali is believed to have been killed .
The drone attacks have been confined to territories along Pakistan ’s northwestern border , regions essentially self - governed by Pashtun tribes .
The province of Baluchistan , however , has a distinct ethnic identity and its own separatist movement .
It is one of Pakistan ’s main provinces , and strikes against its main city , Quetta , would probably be seen as a violation of the nation ’s sovereignty .
A former senior CIA official said he and others were repeatedly rebuffed when proposing operations in Baluchistan or pushing Pakistan to target the Taliban in Quetta .
“ It was n’t easy to talk about , ” the official said .
“ The conversations did n’t last a long time . ”
Pakistan is working with the CIA to coax certain Taliban lieutenants in Omar ’s fold to defect .
U.S. officials said contacts have been handled primarily by the Saudi and Pakistani intelligence services .
The results of the effort are unclear .
The CIA ’s main objective in Pakistan remains the hunt for Al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden .
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates recently said that it had been “ years ” since any meaningful information had surfaced in that search .
greg.miller@latimes.com
julian.barnes@latimes.com
Mitä voi tehdä , jos tarha tuputtaa uskontoa ?
Perätkää oikeuksianne
Vedotkaa uskonnonvapauteen
Jos edellä mainitut toimet eivät auta , ottakaa yhteyttä Vapaa - ajattelijain Liittoon
Lähde : Jussi K. Niemelä , Vapaa - ajattelijain Liiton puheenjohtaja
Lukijat kertovat : " Minun lapsiani ei aivopestä "
” Keväällä ekaluokkalainen tyttöni tuli itkien kotiin .
Koulussa oli kerrottu , että Jeesus ristiinnaulittiin elävänä .
Lapsi oli shokissa ja näki asiasta painajaisia .
Maailmassa on tarpeeksi ikäviä asioita ilman brutaaleja satujakin . ”
” Lasten puheissa alkoi toistua viime vuonna , että luonnon roskaaminen on varastamista ja valehtelu tappamista .
Sain tietää , että näin lapsille on opetettu kymmentä käskyä .
Tyttäreni ei pitänyt aamunavauksista , joissa luettiin Raamattua ja laulettiin virsiä .
Tänä vuonna erosimme koko perhe kirkosta . ”
” Lasteni inhokeiksi esikoulussa nousivat pikkukirkot .
Minulle asia oli jo sananakin vieras .
Esikoululaiset ja 1 - 2 luokka menevät säännöllisesti seurakuntakotiin , jossa luetaan raamattua ja lauletaan virsiä . ”
” Lapsemme olivat turkulaisessa leikkipuistossa , jossa järjestetään kunnan puistotätitoimintaa .
Kun vein lapsiani hoitoon sinne , juoksi minua vastaan neljävuotias poika ja huusi puistotädille : ” Sää oot ihan tyhmä ” .
Samaan aikaan poika kompastui ja kaatui maahan .
Puistotäti totesi pojalle : ” Katso nyt , kun Jumala kuuli sinun haukkuvan minua ja kaatoi sinut . ”
” En osannut edes pelätä , että kunnan päiväkodissa lausuttaisiin ruokarukous .
Se tuli minulle täydellisenä yllätyksenä .
Täällä ruokarukous lausutaan alakoulussakin aterioiden yhteydessä .
Mikseivät lapset voi ylistää mieluummin vaikka meitä maanviljelijöitä ? ”
” Minulla oli ala - asteella lestadiolaiset opettajat , samoin yläasteella .
Sitten menin diakoniaopistoon .
Kun lopulta kuulin 20 - vuotiaana iltalukiossa ensimmäistä kertaa alkuräjähdyksestä , romahti koko maailmankuvani .
Oli kamalaa huomata , että jokainen ihminen ympärilläni on valehdellut minulle koko ikäni .
Nyt vastustan henkeen ja vereen tunnustuksellista uskontokasvatusta .
Minun lapsiani ei aivopestä . ”
Victoria Police will stop using DNA evidence in court cases until next year .
Police Chief Commissioner Simon Overland says the DNA science is rock solid but how it is interpreted has to be reviewed .
Earlier this week a Melbourne student had his conviction for rape quashed when it was revealed a DNA sample was contaminated , but Commissioner Overland has stressed the problem with DNA analysis has nothing to do with that case .
He says new modelling needs to be developed .
" The science is absolutely rock solid .
This is a mathematical issue , " he said .
" We can only make sense of the science through the use of statistical models , that 's always been the case . "
" The science has outstripped the statistical model and we now need to work to develop a new model , " he said .
Classical music is behind a Derby school 's success in cutting the number of pupils behaving badly by more than half , a head teacher said today .
Brian Walker , principal at West Park School in Spondon , Derby , turned to Mozart , Verdi and Bach as he tried to tame unruly students .
Youngsters at other schools might expect lines or a 30 - minute detention , but those caught breaking the rules at West Park have to sit in silence for an hour listening to classical music on a Friday evening .
They are then subjected to a maths DVD before spending a final half hour writing up what they have learned .
Badly behaved pupils are also named and shamed with their pictures plastered on video screens in the school .
Those committing lesser offences can expect to be made to copy out the poem Jerusalem , Walker 's personal favourite .
The " Bach to Basics " regime , it has seen the number of pupils in trouble drop by 50 % .
In 2006 , up to 60 pupils were missing lessons because of bad behaviour .
Now , only around 20 find themselves in trouble regularly .
The school 's GCSE results have also improved .
It is one of only two schools in the city that has seen its pupils ' grades go up recently .
Walker told the Derby Evening Telegraph : " I try to pick music to suit the season such as oratorios at Easter , or even medieval plainsong near Christmas .
" I can hear the groans as it starts but I always ensure the volume is high .
Hopefully , I open their ears to an experience they do n't normally have and it seems many of them do n't want to have it again , so it 's both educational and acts as a deterrent . "
( Recasts , updates with USDA comment )
KANSAS CITY , Jan 8 ( Reuters ) - DuPont DD.N on Friday asked U.S. regulators to rein in practices by seed industry leader Monsanto Co , claiming its rival is hindering competition and limiting innovation needed to feed a growing world population .
DuPont , which owns Pioneer Hi-Bred International , said Monsanto MON.N is unfairly using monopoly powers to drive up prices and stymie competition .
“ Monsanto has engaged in numerous practices that improperly seek to expand the scope of intellectual property rights at the expense of competition , innovation , and choice , ” DuPont said in a report .
The company submitted its 18 - page report of allegations to the U.S. Departments of Justice and Agriculture in advance of a public hearing on competition and antitrust concerns in the seed industry slated for March .
Monsanto officials declined to comment , but the St. Louis - based company filed its own comments with regulators last month , arguing that such allegations are unjustified .
Monsanto , which commercialized the world ’s first biotech crop in 1996 , said there is ample competition , with a broad array of seed product choices and prices across all crops .
DuPont is Monsanto ’s chief rival in the highly profitable U.S. biotech seed arena , and the two are currently suing each other over over a soured licensing deal .
DuPont ’s report said Monsanto has a monopoly in soybean and corn traits -- genetics that help crops fight off pests and withstand weed - killing treatments .
It said Monsanto coerces seed dealers , farmers and others into arrangements that perpetuate a reliance on high - priced Monsanto products .
DuPont estimates that Monsanto , through its branded products and licensing , has 98 percent of the U.S. soybean market , 79 percent of the corn market and 60 percent of the corn and soy germplasm licensed in the United States .
“ The ag biotech trait market is firmly in the grip of a single supplier , acting as a bottleneck to competition and choice ... it also threatens the global goals for agriculture in the 21st Century doubling the world ’s food supply by 2050 , ” the DuPont report said .
Monsanto ’s report , filed last month with USDA and the Justice Department , denied anti-competitive conduct .
“ We ’re confident an objective review will reveal competition is alive and flourishing in the seed market , ” Monsanto said .
Monsanto pegs market share for its branded corn seed at about 36 percent ; branded soy seed at 29 percent share ; and cotton at 41 percent in the United States .
Monsanto said in its comments to regulators that last year there were 4,381 corn hybrids , including both biotech and non-biotech hybrids , and 2,126 varieties of soybean seed available to U.S. farmers .
“ No single company has a dominant share of seed sales in corn , soybean or cotton , ” Monsanto said .
The U.S. Justice and Agriculture departments will be holding five hearings later this year to discuss fair play and concentration in agricultural marketing .
Caleb Weaver , USDA ’s press secretary , did not directly address the DuPont and Monsanto case but said about 15,000 public comments will be reviewed to “ ensure that the upcoming workshops with DOJ adequately address the important competition issues affecting the agriculture industry . ”
The Justice Department would not comment Friday .
( Additional reporting by Diane Bartz and Christopher Doering in Washington ; Reporting by Carey Gillam ; Editing by David Gregorio )
→ Washington 's Blog .
On September 25th , I wrote :
Paul Volcker and senior Harvard economist Jeffrey Miron both testified to Congress this week that the government is trying to make bailouts for the giant banks permanent .
Writing Wednesday in The Hill , Congressman Brad Sherman pointed out that :
In my opinion , Geithner ’s proposal is “ TARP on steroids . ”
Section 1204 of the proposal [ the proposal being the " Resolution Authority for Large , Interconnected Financial Companies Act of 2009 " ] allows the executive branch to use taxpayer money to make loans to , or invest in , the largest financial institutions to avoid a systemic risk to the economy .
Geithner ’s proposal reminds me of the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) , the $ 700 billion Wall Street bailout adopted last year , but the TARP was limited to two years , and to a maximum of $ 700 billion .
Section 1204 is unlimited in dollar amount and is a permanent grant of power to the executive branch .
TARP contained some limits on executive compensation and an array of special oversight authorities .
Section 1204 contains absolutely no limits on executive compensation and no special oversight .
When I asked Geithner whether he would accept a $ 1 trillion limit on the new bailout authority ( if the executive branch wanted to spend more , it would have to come back to Congress ) , he rejected a $ 1 trillion limit , insisting that the executive branch be able to respond without coming back to Congress .
Both TARP and the Treasury proposal have vague provisions under which taxpayers might possibly recover any money lost through a special tax on the financial services industry .
Under the Treasury proposal , only the very largest institutions could benefit from a bailout , but the special tax , if ever collected , would fall chiefly on medium - sized institutions .
Thus , the medium - sized institutions will be at a competitive disadvantage for two reasons .
First , the largest institutions will be able to borrow money more cheaply because their creditors will believe that if the institution is unable to pay , the taxpayers will .
Second , if there ever is a bailout benefitting a very large financial institution , the tax will be imposed on the medium - sized institutions .
Sherman is a senior member of the House Financial Services Committee and a certified public accountant , so he has a good nose for analyzing proposed financial regulations .
Tomgram : Meet the Commanded - in - Chief
[ Thursday Afternoon Update : The Obama administration ’s surge math :
In his speech on Tuesday night at West Point , the president announced a surge of 30,000 U.S. troops into Afghanistan in the coming months .
That sounded way higher than a lot of Democrats might have wanted , but still below the optimal figure -- 40,000 -- that Afghan War commander Stanley McChrystal had requested .
( or , depending on how you read the various leaks and news stories of the last months , perhaps demanded ) .
Karen DeYoung of the Washington Post now reports , however , that the President granted Secretary of Defense Robert Gates the right to “ increase the number by 10 percent , or 3,000 troops , without additional White House approval or announcement . ”
Think of it , in restaurant terms , as the equivalent of a surge tip .
In addition , DeYoung adds that an unnamed “ senior military official ” claimed “ that the final number could go as high as 35,000 to allow for additional support personnel such as engineers , medevac units and route - clearance teams , which comb roads for bombs . ”
So now , in surge math , we ’re at 35,000 U.S. troops .
Add in the expected NATO contribution of about 5,000 extra troops and -- voilà -- you have 40,000 on the button .
No wonder the Afghan War commander is reportedly satisfied .
Tom ]
[ Note for Readers : Last week , I wrote an address for the president , “ The Afghan Speech Obama Should Give ( But Won’t ) , ” which got a fair amount of attention .
Now that the president has given a far more predictable speech , I thought some of you might still be interested in taking a look and thinking about what possibilities exist , even if only outside Washington ’s airless corridors of power , when it comes to the Afghan War .
Tom ]
Victory at Last !
Monty Python in Afghanistan
By Tom Engelhardt
Let others deal with the details of President Obama ’s Afghan speech , with the on-ramps and off - ramps , those 30,000 U.S. troops going in and just where they will be deployed , the benchmarks for what ’s called “ good governance ” in Afghanistan , the corruption of the Karzai regime , the viability of counterinsurgency warfare , the reliability of NATO allies , and so on .
Let ’s just skip to the most essential point which , in a nutshell , is this : Victory at Last !
It ’s been a long time coming , but finally American war commanders have effectively marshaled their forces , netcentrically outmaneuvering and outflanking the enemy .
They have shocked - and - awed their opponents , won the necessary hearts - and - minds , and so , for the first time in at least two decades , stand at the heights of success , triumphant at last .
And no , I ’m not talking about post - surge Iraq and certainly not about devolving Afghanistan .
I ’m talking about what ’s happening in Washington .
A Symbolic Surrender of Civilian Authority
You may not think so , but on Tuesday night from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , in his first prime - time presidential address to the nation , Barack Obama surrendered .
It may not have looked like that : there were no surrender documents ; he was n’t on the deck of the USS Missouri ; he never bowed his head .
Still , from today on , think of him not as the commander - in - chief , but as the commanded - in - chief .
And give credit to the victors .
Their campaign was nothing short of brilliant .
Like the policy brigands they were , they ambushed the president , held him up with their threats , brought to bear key media players and Republican honchos , and in the end made off with the loot .
The campaign began in late September with a strategic leak of Afghan War commander General Stanley McChrystal ’s grim review of the situation in that country , including demands for sizeable troop escalations and a commitment to a counterinsurgency war .
It came to include rumors of potential retirements in protest if the president did n’t deliver , as well as clearly insubordinate policy remarks by General McChrystal , not to speak of an impressive citizen - mobilization of inside - the - Beltway former neocon or fighting liberal think - tank experts , and a helping hand from an admiring media .
In the process , the U.S. military succeeded in boxing in a president who had already locked himself into a conflict he had termed both “ the right war ” and a “ necessary ” one .
After more than two months of painfully over - reported deliberations , President Obama has now ended up essentially where General McChrystal began .
Counterinsurgency ( COIN ) doctrine was dusted off from the moldy Vietnam archives and made spanking new by General David Petraeus in 2006 , applied in Iraq ( and Washington ) in 2007 , and put forward for Afghanistan in late 2008 .
It has now been largely endorsed , and a major escalation of the war -- a new kind of military - led nation building ( or , as they like to say , “ good governance ” ) is to be cranked up and set in motion .
COIN is being billed as a “ population - centric , ” not “ enemy - centric ” approach in which U.S. troops are distinctly to be " nation - builders as well as warriors . "
And as for those 30,000 troops , most expected to arrive in the Afghan combat zone within the next six months , the numbers are even more impressive when you realize that , as late as the summer of 2008 , the U.S. only had about 28,000 troops in Afghanistan .
In other words , in less than two years , U.S. troop strength in that country will have more than tripled to approximately 100,000 troops .
So we ’re talking near - Vietnam - level escalation rates .
If you include the 38,000 NATO forces also there ( and a possible 5,000 more to come ) , total allied troop strength will be significantly above what the Soviets deployed during their devastating Afghan War of the 1980s in which they fought some of the same insurgents now arrayed against us .
Think of this as Barack Obama ’s anti-MacArthur moment .
In April 1951 , in the midst of the Korean War , President Harry Truman relieved Douglas MacArthur of command of American forces .
He did so because the general , a far grander public figure than either McChrystal or Centcom commander Petraeus ( and with dreams of his own about a possible presidential run ) , had publicly disagreed with , and interfered with , Truman ’s plans to “ limit ” the war after the Chinese intervened .
Obama , too , has faced what Robert Dreyfuss in Rolling Stone calls a “ generals ’ revolt ” -- amid fears that his Republican opposition would line up behind the insubordinate field commanders and make hay in the 2010 and 2012 election campaigns .
Obama , too , has faced a general , Petraeus , who might well have presidential ambitions , and who has played a far subtler game than MacArthur ever did .
After more than two months of what right - wing critics termed “ dithering ” and supporters called “ thorough deliberations , ” Obama dealt with the problem quite differently .
He essentially agreed to subordinate himself to the publicly stated wishes of his field commanders .
( Not that his Republican critics will give him much credit for doing so , of course . )
This is called “ politics ” in our country and , for a Democratic president in our era , Tuesday night ’s end result was remarkably predictable .
When Obama bowed to the Japanese emperor on his recent Asian tour , there was a media uproar in this country .
Even though the speech Tuesday night should be thought of as bowing to the American military , there is likely to be little complaint on that score .
Similarly , despite the significance of symbolism in Washington , there has been surprisingly little discussion about the president ’s decision to address the American people not from the Oval Office , but from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point .
It was there that , in 2002 , George W. Bush gave a speech before the assembled cadets in which he laid out his aggressive strategy of preventive war , which would become the cornerstone of “ the Bush Doctrine . ”
( “ If we wait for threats to fully materialize , we will have waited too long -- Our security will require transforming the military you will lead -- a military that must be ready to strike at a moment 's notice in any dark corner of the world .
And our security will require all Americans to be forward - looking and resolute , to be ready for preemptive action when necessary to defend our liberty and to defend our lives . ” )
But keep in mind that this was still a graduation speech and presidents have traditionally addressed one of the military academies at graduation time .
Obama is not a man who appears in prop military jackets with “ commander - in - chief ” hand - stitched across his heart before hoo - aahing crowds of soldiers , as our last president loved to do , and yet in his first months in office he has increasingly appeared at military events and associated himself with things military .
This speech represents another step in that direction .
Has a president ever , in fact , given a non-graduation speech at West Point , no less a major address to the American people ?
Certainly , the choice of venue , and so the decision to address a military audience first and other Americans second , not only emphasized the escalatory military path chosen in Afghanistan , but represented a kind of symbolic surrender of civilian authority .
For his American audience , and undoubtedly his skittish NATO allies as well , the president did put a significant emphasis on an exit strategy from the war .
That off - ramp strategy was , however , placed in the context of the training of the woeful Afghan security forces to take control of the struggle themselves and the woeful government of Afghan President Hamid Karzai to turn over a new nation - building leaf .
Like the choice of West Point , this , too , seemed to resonate with eerie echoes of the years in which George W. Bush regularly intoned the mantra : “ As Iraqis stand - up , we will stand down . ”
In his address , Obama offered July 2011 as the date to begin a withdrawing the first U.S. troops from Afghanistan .
( “ After 18 months , our troops will begin to come home . ” )
However , according to the Washington - insider Nelson Report , a White House “ on background ” press briefing Tuesday afternoon made it far clearer that the president was talking about a “ conditions based withdrawal . ”
It would , in other words , depend “ on objective conditions on the ground , ” on whether the Afghans had met the necessary “ benchmarks . ”
When asked about the “ scaling back ” of the American war effort , General McChrystal recently suggested a more conservative timeline -- “ sometime before 2013 ” -- seconded hazily by Said Jawad , the Afghan ambassador to Washington .
Secretary of Defense Robert Gates refers to this as a " thinning out " of U.S. forces .
In fact , there ’s no reason to put faith in any of these hazy deadlines .
After all , this is the administration that came into office announcing a firm one - year closing date for the U.S. prison in Guantanamo ( now officially missed ) , a firm sunshine policy for an end - of - 2009 release of millions of pages of historical documents from the archives of the CIA and other intelligence and military services ( now officially delayed , possibly for years ) , and of course a firm date for the withdrawal of U.S. combat troops , followed by all U.S. forces from Iraq ( now possibly slipping ) .
Finish the job in Afghanistan ?
Based on the plans of the field commanders to whom the president has bowed , on the administration ’s record of escalation in the war so far , and on the quiet reassurances to the Pakistanis that we are n’t leaving Afghanistan in any imaginable future , this war looks to be all job and no finish .
Whatever the flourishes , that was the essence of Tuesday night ’s surrender speech .
Monty Python in Afghanistan
Honestly , if it were n’t so grim , despite all the upbeat benchmarks and encouraging words in the president ’s speech , this would certainly qualify as Monty Python in Afghanistan .
After all , three cabinet ministers and 12 former ministers are under investigation in Afghanistan itself on corruption charges .
And that barely scratches the surface of the problems in a country that one Russian expert recently referred to as an “ international drug firm , ” where at least one - third of the gross national product comes from the drug trade .
In addition , as Juan Cole wrote at his Informed Comment blog :
“ Months after the controversial presidential election that many Afghans consider stolen , there is no cabinet , and parliament is threatening to go on recess before confirming a new one because the president is unconstitutionally late in presenting the names .
There are grave suspicions that some past and present cabinet members have engaged in the embezzlement of substantial sums of money .
There is little parliamentary oversight .
Almost no one bothers to attend the parliamentary sessions .
The cabinet ministries are unable to spend the money allocated to them on things like education and rural development , and actually spent less in absolute terms last year than they did in the previous two years . ”
In addition , the Taliban now reportedly take a cut of the billions of dollars in U.S. development aid flowing into the country , much of which is otherwise squandered , and of the American money that goes into “ protecting ” the convoys that bring supplies to U.S. troops throughout the country .
One out of every four Afghan soldiers has quit or deserted the Afghan National Army in the last year , while the ill - paid , largely illiterate , hapless Afghan police with their “ well - deserved reputation for stealing and extorting bribes , ” not to speak of a drug abuse rate estimated at 15 % , are , as its politely put , “ years away from functioning independently ” ; and the insurgency is spreading to new areas of the country and reviving in others .
Good governance ?
Good grief !
Not that Washington , which obviously feels that it has much to impart to the Afghan people about good governance and how to deal with corruption , has particularly firm ground to stand on .
After all , the United States has just completed its first billion - dollar presidential election in a $ 5 billion election season , and two administrations just propped up some of the worst financial scofflaws in the history of the world and got nothing back in return .
Meanwhile , the money flowing into Washington political coffers from Wall Street , the military - industrial complex , the pharmaceutical and health care industries , real estate , legal firms , and the like might be thought of as a kind of drug in itself .
At the same time , according to USA Today , at least 158 retired generals and admirals , many already pulling in military pensions in the range of $ 100,000 - $ 200,000 , have been hired as “ senior mentors ” by the Pentagon “ to offer advice under an unusual arrangement ” : they also work for companies seeking Defense Department contracts .
In Congress , a Senate maneuver which only a few years ago was so rare that the response to it was nicknamed “ the nuclear option ” -- needing a 60 - vote majority to pass anything of significance -- has , almost without comment , become a commonplace for the passage of just about anything .
This means Congress is eternally in a state of gridlock .
And that ’s just for starters when it comes to ways in which the U.S. government , so ready to surge its military and its civilian employees into Afghanistan in the name of good governance , is in need of repair , if not nation - building itself .
Airless in Washington
It ’s nonetheless the wisdom of this Washington and of this military that Obama has not found wanting , at least when it comes to Afghanistan .
So here ’s a question :
Why did he listen to them ?
And under such circumstances , why should we take the results seriously ?
Stop for a moment and consider the cast of characters who offered the president the full range of advice available in Washington -- all of which , as far as we can tell , from Joe Biden ’s “ counterterrorism - plus ” strategy to McChrystal ’s COIN and beyond , was escalatory in nature .
These are , of course , the wise men ( and woman ) of our era .
But just a cursory glance at their collective record should at least make you wonder :
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is now said to be the official with the best ties to Afghan President Hamid Karzai and so the one in charge of “ coaxing ” him into a round of reasonable nation - building , of making “ a new compact " with the Afghan people by “ improving governance and cracking down on corruption ” ; and yet , in the early 1990s , in her single significant nation - building experience at home , she botched the possibility of getting a universal health - care bill through Congress .
She also had the “ wisdom ” to vote in 2003 to authorize the invasion of Iraq .
Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , reputedly deeply trusted by the president and in charge of planning out our military future in Afghanistan , was in the 1980s a supposed expert on the Soviet Union as well as deputy CIA director and later deputy to National Security Advisor Brent Scowcroft .
Yet , in those years , he could n’t bring himself to believe that the Soviets were done for even as that empire was disappearing from the face of the Earth .
In the words of former National Security Council official Roger Morris , Gates “ waged a final battle against the Soviets , denying at every turn that the old enemy was actually dying . ”
As former CIA official Melvin Goodman has put the matter : “ Gates was wrong about every key intelligence question of the 1980s ...
A Kremlinologist by training , Gates was one of the last American hardliners to comprehend the changes taking place in the Soviet Union .
He was wrong about Mikhail Gorbachev , wrong about the importance of reform , wrong about Moscow 's pursuit of arms control and détente with the United States .
He was wrong about the Soviet withdrawal from Afghanistan ... ”
Vice - President Joe Biden , recently described as potentially “ the second - most - powerful vice president in history ” as well as “ the president ’s all - purpose adviser and sage ” on foreign policy , was during the Bush years a believer in nation - building in Afghanistan , voted to authorize the invasion of Iraq , and later promoted the idea -- like Caesar re : Gaul -- of dividing that country into three parts ( without , of course , bothering to ask the Iraqis ) , while leaving 25,000 - 30,000 American troops based there in perpetuity , while “ these regions build up their state police forces . ”
General Stanley McChrystal , our war commander in Afghanistan and now the poster boy for counterinsurgency warfare , had his skills honed purely in the field of counterterrorism .
He was a Special Ops guy .
The man who is now to “ protect ” the Afghan people previously won his spurs as the head of the Joint Special Operations Command ( JSOC ) in Iraq and Afghanistan .
He ran the “ manhunters ” – essentially , that is , he was the leader of a team of assassins and evidently part of what reporter Seymour Hersh has termed an " executive assassination wing " of that command , possibly taking orders directly from Vice President Dick Cheney .
His skills involved guns to the head , not protective boots on the ground .
General David Petraeus , the general leading everything , who has been practically deified in the U.S. media , is perhaps the savviest and most accomplished of this crew .
He surged into Iraq in 2007 and , with the help of fortuitous indigenous developments , staunched the worst of the bleeding , leaving behind a big question mark .
His greatest skill , however , has been in fostering the career of David Petraeus .
He is undoubtedly an advisor with an agenda and in his wake come a whole crew of military and think - tank experts , with almost unblemished records of being wrong in the Bush years , whom the surge in Iraq recredentialized .
Karl Eikenberry , our ambassador to Kabul , in his previous career in the U.S. military served two tours of duty in Afghanistan , and as the commander of Combined Forces Command Afghanistan was the general responsible for building up the Afghan army and “ reforming ” that country ’s police force .
On both counts , we know how effective that attempt proved .
And when it comes to key figures with well - padded Washington CVs like Admiral Mike Mullen , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , or James Jones , present national security advisor and former commandant of the Marine Corps , as well as the Supreme Allied Commander , Europe , a close friend of Senator John McCain , and a former revolving - door board member of Chevron and Boeing , remind me just what sticks in your mind about their accomplishments ?
So , when you think about Barack Obama ’s Afghan decisions , imagine first that the man considered the smartest , most thoughtful president of our era chose to surround himself with these people .
He chose , that is , not fresh air , or fresh thought in the field of foreign and war policy , but the airless precincts where the combined wisdom of Washington and the Pentagon now exists , and the remarkable lack of accomplishment that goes with it .
In short , these are people whose credentials largely consist of not having been right about much over the years .
Admittedly , this administration has called in practically every Afghan expert in sight .
Everyone involved could now undoubtedly expound on relatively abstruse questions of Afghan tribal politics , locate Paktia Province on a map in a flash , and tell you just which of Hamid Karzai ’s ministers are under investigation for corruption .
Unfortunately , the most essential problem is n’t in Afghanistan ; it ’s here in the United States , in Washington , where knowledge is slim , egos large , and national security wisdom is deeply imprinted on a system bleeding money and breaking down .
The president campaigned on the slogan , “ Change we can believe in . ”
He then chose as advisors -- in the economic sphere as well , where a similar record of gross error , narrow and unimaginative thinking , and over - identification with the powerful could easily be compiled -- a crew who had never seen a significant change , or an out - of - the - ordinary thought it could live with -- and still can’t .
As a result , the Iraq War has yet to begin to go away , the Afghan War is being escalated in a major way , the Middle East is in some turmoil , Guantanamo remains open , black sites are still operating in Afghanistan , the Pentagon ’s budget has grown yet larger , and supplemental demands on Congress for yet more money to pay for George W. Bush ’s wars will , despite promises otherwise , soon enough be made .
A stale crew breathing stale air has ensured that Afghanistan , the first of Bush ’s disastrous wars , is now truly Obama ’s War ; and the news came directly from West Point where the president surrendered to his militarized fate .
Tom Engelhardt , co-founder of the American Empire Project , runs the Nation Institute 's TomDispatch.com .
He is the author of The End of Victory Culture , a history of the Cold War and beyond , as well as of a novel , The Last Days of Publishing .
He also edited The World According to TomDispatch : America in the New Age of Empire ( Verso , 2008 ) , an alternative history of the mad Bush years .
[ Note on Further Reading :
In preparing posts like this one , I rely on various newspapers , magazines , and websites ( not all of which I see eye - to - eye with ) for help , analysis , and information .
I wanted to mention just three here without which most of my dispatches would be far harder to write .
I ’ve mentioned them many times before , but credit , when due , is worth repeating endlessly : I find Juan Cole ’s Informed Comment blog always lucid , intelligent , and deeply informed .
It ’s simply a daily must - stop for those keeping up on events in “ the greater Middle East ” ; so is Antiwar.com , which collects more war - related information of value than any site I know , and Paul Woodward ’s the War in Context , which has an eye for the telling piece and the sharp comment . ]
Copyright 2009 Tom Engelhardt
Contortionist Iona Luvsandorj breaks the endurance record for the " longest duration to maintain a Marinelli bend " - which is a backbend while supported only by a grip at the top of a short post that is held in the mouth , and is regarded as one of the hard
Credit : BARCROFT MEDIA
We booked for 4 nights as part of a suprise 18th birthday trip for my son , Festival village is hotel with some positives and negatives but it 's good value for money .
The positives The room .
We had a 1 bedroom apartment which was very spacious , clean and had a good view from the balcony .
The entertainment .
We did n't take part in the daytime entertainment but we found the evening entertainment program really good .
A quiz , bingo , and outside entertainment as well as adult game shows .
The entertainment staff are a credit to the hotel .
The food .
We are used to 4 star hotels which have a lot more variety than the Festival village all inclusive but what they did have was of good quality and we always found something to eat .
The negatives The restaurant .
Although the food was
good the restaurant is far to small for the size of hotel which lead to long ques of people waiting for tables .
The drinks .
Everything is in plastic cups !
Even beer or wine !
And the spirit choice was limited .
The location .
It 's quite isolated !
The hotel says Salou but it is n't really !
It is a good 15 minutes walk away from the nearest beach in La Pineda and a lot further into Salou although they do provide a free shuttle bus .
The pool .
The pool is so much smaller than it looks in the hotels pics and it was like getting into an ice bath !
Me and my son usually spend hours in the pool but it was far to cold although I expect it is warmer in the summer months .
The guests .
There were a lot of decent guests but there were also some undesirable guests who were very anti social .
If you are on a budget this is n't a bad hotel and we enjoyed our stay .
…
Washington ( CNN ) --
Computer technicians have recovered about 22 million Bush administration e-mails that the Bush White House had said were missing , two watchdog groups that sued over the documents announced Monday .
The e-mails date from 2003 to 2005 , and had been " mislabeled and effectively lost , " according to the National Security Archive , a research group based at George Washington University .
But Melanie Sloan , executive director of the liberal - leaning Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , said it could be years before most of the e-mails are made public .
" The e-mails themselves are not what we 're getting , " Sloan said .
Documents related to the handling of e-mail under the Bush administration and subsequent information regarding how White House e-mails are currently archived will be released under a settlement with the Obama administration , which inherited a lawsuit the groups filed in 2007 .
But the National Archives must sort out which documents are covered by the Freedom of Information Act and which ones fall under the Presidential Records Act , which means they could be withheld for five to 10 years after the Bush administration left office in January , Sloan said .
" The National Archives will sort this out , " she said .
The e-mail controversy dates back to the Bush administration 's 2006 firing of the top federal prosecutors in nine cities .
After congressional committees demanded the administration produce documents related to the firings , the White House said millions of e-mails might have been lost from its servers .
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington and the National Security Archive sued over the issue in 2007 , arguing the Bush administration violated federal laws that require presidential records to be preserved .
Court records have shown that the Bush administration knew about the e-mail problems as far back as 2005 and did nothing to fix them , Sloan said .
" They never made an effort to restore them , " she said .
But Scott Stanzel , a former deputy press secretary in the Bush White House , said the group " has consistently tried to create a spooky conspiracy out of standard IT issues . "
" We always indicated that there is an e-mail archiving system and a disaster recovery system , " Stanzel said .
" We also indicated that e-mails not properly archived could be found on disaster recovery tapes .
There is a big , big difference between something not being properly archived and it being ' lost ' or ' missing , ' as CREW would say . "
Monday 's settlement allows for 94 days of e-mail traffic , scattered between January 2003 to April 2005 , to be restored from backup tapes .
Of those 94 days , 40 were picked by statistical sample ; another 21 days were suggested by the White House ; and the groups that filed suit picked 33 that seemed " historically significant , " from the months before the invasion of Iraq to the period when the firings of U.S. attorneys were being planned .
Also requested were several days surrounding the announcement that a criminal investigation was under way into the disclosure of then - CIA agent Valerie Plame Wilson 's identity .
That investigation led to the conviction of White House aide I. Lewis " Scooter " Libby on charges of perjury , obstruction of justice and lying to federal agents investigating the leak .
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington represented Wilson and her husband , former U.S. Ambassador Joseph Wilson , in a lawsuit over her exposure , which they argued was in retaliation for his accusation that the Bush administration over - hyped the intelligence used to justify the invasion of Iraq .
A federal judge dismissed the case on procedural grounds in 2007 , but Sloan said the missing e-mails raise the " strong possibility " that special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald never received all the documents he requested during the leak investigation .
How did we get here ?
How do stars and planets come into being ?
What happens during a star ’s life , and what fate will its planets meet when it dies ?
Come along on this interstellar journey through time .
LONDON , Jan. 11 ( UPI ) --
Britain 's gas crisis is not yet over as demand continues to soar in times of a bitter cold spell .
Facing one of the coldest winters ever , British consumers are hoping that the gas flow continues unabated .
While the cold has been easing over the past days , energy giant BP Monday announced it would close down a North Sea gas pipeline for a week of maintenance , putting further pressure on the British grid after a pipeline pumping in crude from Norway was temporarily shut down last week .
Advertisement
Britain 's demand for oil and gas is at an all - time high because of a continuing cold spell that has left most of the country in subfreezing temperatures for weeks .
The grid operator last week asked some 100 companies to switch to alternative heating fuels and cut off supply to dozens of large companies to protect resources for private households .
Environment Secretary Hilary
Benn vowed that domestic customers had nothing to worry about .
" We 've got plenty of supplies , the gas storage is about 70 percent full , " he told GMTV .
The opposition has nevertheless warned of a major energy crisis because of Britain 's limited gas storage capacities .
The Tories have repeatedly attacked the government of Prime Minister Gordon Brown for what they say is a failure to modernize Britain 's storage network .
Britain is able to store 4.5 billion cubic meters of gas , or around 5 percent of the country 's annual consumption .
France and Germany can store more than 20 percent of their demand .
Yet claims put forward by the opposition that Britain has only a few days of gas left are ignoring the role of imports and the North Sea , said Energy Secretary Ed Miliband .
While gas is still continuously flowing in from North Sea pipelines , and ships loaded with liquefied natural gas are arriving in Britain each day , London knows that it has to boost storage capacity .
" We need more gas storage and there are more projects being planned , " he was quoted as saying by the BBC .
Miliband added , however , " Playing politics with energy security and gas storage and alarming people is the wrong thing to do . "
Meanwhile , the oil and gas industry has called on London to provide more incentives to extract more supplies from Britain 's surrounding sea beds , currently left alone because their exploitation would be very costly .
( Natural News )
The agribusiness strategy of aggressively promoting genetically modified ( GM ) and highly hybridized seeds are placing world food security at risk , according to studies conducted by researchers from the International Institute of Environment and Development ( IIED ) and presented at the World Seed Conference in Rome .
Researchers are increasingly warning that global warming and the ensuing worldwide ecological disruption may render many popular seed varieties unsuitable .
A recent study , published in the , concluded that temperature rises from global warming are likely to lead to shortages in corn and soy , two of the world 's most important food crops .
"
Where farming communities have been able to maintain their traditional varieties , they are already using them to cope with the impacts of climate change , " said IIED project leader Krystyna Swiderska .
" But more commonly , these varieties are being replaced by a smaller range of ' modern ' seeds that are heavily promoted by corporations and subsidized by governments .
These seeds have less genetic diversity yet need more inputs such as pesticides and fertilizers and more natural resources such as land and water .
" Traditionally , farmers have saved seeds from a number of different varieties of each crop , which has made them able to adapt more readily to crises like drought or pestilence .
But with farmers abandoning traditional varieties for higher yielding but genetically homogenous corporate varieties , the genetic diversity that protects the world 's food supply from disaster could be lost .
According to the IIED , global agriculture needs to adopt a model similar to the Participatory Plant Breeding program in southwest China , in which small farmers and seed breeders are cooperating to develop new crop varieties and share the profits .
" Traditional seed varieties are critical to help Chinese farmers adapt to climate change , " said Jingsong Li of the Center for Chinese Agricultural Policy .
" At the same time , this biological diversity is under threat from problems such as drought , floods , pests and diseases , which climate change may promote .
For these reasons , farmers are keen to improve their varieties through Participatory Plant Breeding .
" Sources for this story include : www.foodnavigator-usa.com
A Mars - bound lander that disappeared 10 years ago and has yet to be found may be hidden in an image such as this .
Mission controllers lost contact with the Mars Polar Lander ( MPL ) in December 1999 as the probe descended toward the Martian surface .
A review board later determined that a premature shutdown of the descent engines , while the lander was still 40 meters above the surface , probably caused the loss of MPL .
Since the accident , NASA orbiters such as the Mars Global Surveyor and the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter have searched the south polar region where MPL likely wrecked , in the hopes that photographic evidence from the crash site might provide some concrete answers about what happened .
And in 2005 it appeared that NASA 's Mars Global Surveyor spacecraft might have found MPL 's remains .
A report that year in Sky & Telescope presented images thought to be of the lander and its parachute , but later photographs showed the site to actually be barren .
This image , taken by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter ( MRO ) on August 24 , is a crop of a much larger photo of a southern swath near the MPL 's presumed resting place .
The images , from the MRO 's powerful HiRISE camera , have a resolution of about 25 centimeters per pixel , but if MPL is in the target region it is well camouflaged , as it has yet to be found .
Even with the help of HiRISE , the location of the Mars Polar Lander remains a mystery .
Reuters is reporting that a source of theirs indicates a January 5th date for the Nexus One to go on sale .
Â
They ’ve been advised that it will be at aÂ “ reduced price to consumers who agree to a service contract from Deutsche Telekom ’s T - Mobile USA “ .
Â
Are we skeptical ?
Â Sure .Â
It ’s only a couple weeks away but whatever .
Â
We thought it would be months before Google Goggles was ready and here it was rolled out days after we learned of it . Â
We were looking through our comments from another post and found that the always - fun Charbax dropped by with some information regarding price .
Â
We ’re not sure were he heard it or how he knows , but here ’s what he says …
Here ’s the price : $ 199 unlocked in stores .
$ 100 rebate online if you have an active and old Google account .
That $ 100 rebate is either to buy it $ 99 online from Google ’s online phone store , for using on Android Marketplace or for using on any Google Checkout stores .
Can also be used for T - Mobile or AT&T pre-paid Data SIM card service at $ 29 per month , no contracts required .
Google will push full VOIP usage on these , meaning no voice / sms plans needed at any carrier .
Voice calls will go through Google Voice on Data SIM cards and will provide unlimited free voice calling .
And SMS is replaced by unlimited free Gtalk .
Finally , Google will provide easy roaming data services in other countries .
For example , if you go to Europe , you can roam on HSDPA data networks for the same price of 20â‚¬ per month , and if you only stay in Europe for a few days you wo n’t need to pay for the whole month .
You may not even need to change the SIM card .
Jobs paranoia is at a high among Washington politicians .
The front of Friday ’s Times is dominated by a picture of Ben Bernanke , proclaiming , “ Jobs are the issue right now . ”
The lead article says President Obama is seeking new ideas for job creation .
The report on Friday looks very good , with a decline in the unemployment rate to 10 percent , and only 11,000 jobs lost .
With October ’s job number revised upward , it was a report that surprised the bears .
In my Off the Charts column in Saturday ’s newspaper , I will cite one economic indicator that shows the unemployment rate has peaked .
Whether or not that turns out to be the case , I think the bad days for jobs are very close to being over , and that this will not be a jobless recovery .
Why ?
One reason is the sheer abruptness of the decline in employment during the recent recession .
( Yes , I think it is over . )
After Lehman Brothers failed , the unemployment rate rose at a faster clip than at any time since 1975 .
There was something approaching panic among employers .
They feared sales would collapse and that credit would be unavailable .
In that spirit , they cut every cost they could .
Imports plunged because no one wanted to add inventory .
Ad spending collapsed .
And people were fired .
That has left many companies in a position where they may need to add workers quickly for even a small increase in business .
Call me the optimist .
( Incidentally , in handicapping the report with colleagues before the announcement Friday morning , I forecast a loss of 50,000 jobs .
That was too negative , it turns out , but it was still the winner . )
The op -ed “ There ’s only one way to stop Iran ” ( Views , Dec. 26 ) is a treatise promoting war .
It talks of Iran ’s “ bomb program ” as if it were a fact when it is currently only speculation .
It warns of Iran acquiring “ bully ” power in the Middle East while suggesting bully power should be restricted to the United States .
It fails to recognize the intelligence of the Iranians who know that the offensive use of any nuclear weapon would be fatal for Iran .
Worst of all , it suggests that the United States can get away with another pre-emptive strike against a sovereign nation without triggering World War III .
Attempts to lay ground work for an American or Israeli attack on Iran should be rejected outright by Americans just as they would be rejected by the vast majority of readers outside the United States .
Ronald Barbour , Volonne , France
A bad job on the health care bill
If the health care bill becomes law , it will have many seriously adverse effects upon the United States :
It will increase the cost of insurance premiums , raise our taxes significantly , add trillions to our already out - of - control debt ( during a recession ) , create a quagmire of inefficient administrative hassle , drive good people out of the medical professions , cause the quality of care to plummet , and put government bureaucrats in charge of private medical decisions .
There is nothing good about this proposed bill and we can only pray that in conference it will stall and never see the president ’s pen .
Google Voice , which lets users consolidate all their phones under one number , archive your texts and voicemails , and much , much more , is two things to most people : vaguely promising , and totally confusing .
Here 's how to make the switch , in plain English .
Advertisement
The Pitch
It does n't really help to describe Google Voice in terms of what it is — a bizarrely fragmented hodgepodge of different telecom and internet technologies , drawn together by Google — so you just have to start with what it does .
In short , it can completely change how you use your phones , more or less for free .
Advertisement
• It can give all of your phones the same number for incoming calls .
Google will assigned you a new , Google Voice - specific phone number for free , which you can forward to as many phones as you want .
What always drives the point of Google Voice home for people is when I have them call my number , which causes three of my phones to ring at once .
You can keep this number forever , too , without ever having to worry about porting it from carrier to carrier .
• It can give your phones the same outgoing number as well , with which you can make free domestic calls ( well , sort of — more on that later ) , and very cheap international calls .
Since Google
Voice routes your calls through their phone system , they can connect you directly to cheap VoIP services to the rest of the world .
It seems like you 're just making a regular call , but behind the scenes you 're doing something more akin to Skyping .
End result : money saved .
• You can send and receive unlimited text messages for free .
To make things even better , they 're all all archived in your online Google Voice account , where they 're fully searchable .
• It 's got the best voicemail system in the world .
Leaving a message at a Google Voice number is nothing like leaving your voice on a regular voicemail service — that is to say , it 's not like sending your voice into a barely accessible technological horror pit where it might get listened to , but will probably be ignored .
No , Google Voice is different :
It stores your messages online , and converts them to text ( which can then be sent to you as an SMS or an email ) .
You can archive , forward , delete or save these messages from a simple interface on your phone or computer .
Think of it as Gmail , except with voices .
Plus , it 's flexible in lots of little ways — you can change your voicemail greetings on a per caller basis , for example , or opt to listen to voicemails as they 're being recorded .
• This voicemail system is n't just for Google Voice numbers , either — you essentially replace your carrier voicemail with Google Voice voicemail , without using a new number .
It 's brilliant .
• You have full control over your calls .
You can record them for later listening , and have them transcribed into text .
• You can screen callers .
You can block numbers , or have callers record their names for your approval .
You can have certain contacts only forwarded to certain phones ,
Each of these features is compelling enough on its own — together , they 'll totally change how you use your phones , changing you from a mere mobile customer to a full - on switchboard operator , self - spy , info hoarder and telco executive .
It 's like you run your own little phone company , just for yourself .
For free .
Spectacular .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The Catch(es )
Advertisement
Now that I 've got you all riled , it 's time for me to pour an icy bucket of water down the front of your pants .
Google Voice , as incredible a concept and service as it is , is n't perfect .
In fact , there are a few things you need to know and accept before taking the dive , and they might be dealbreakers :
• You can't use your own phone number .
At least , not in the way you wish you could .
In an ideal world , you'd be able to port your old cellphone number to Google Voice , and have that — the digits people have been using to get in touch with you for years — be your new all - inclusive point of contact .
You can't do this yet .
For now , the closest you can come is to port your voicemail to Google Voice .
That means that your T - Mobile , AT&T , Verizon or Sprint number 's voicemail can be outsourced to Google , but not its calls .
You can unify all your phones under your new Google Voice number , but that means you have to switch .
Along with the basic inconvenience of telling everyone about your new number , you 're trusting an awful lot in a beta service , the terms of which could change quickly and without notice .
It 's not something I worry about , but it 's not nothing , either .
Advertisement
• You can't record calls that you 've placed , just calls that you 've received .
And every time you initiate recording , Google Voice notifies the other person on the line .
This is all makes perfect moral and procedural sense , but just in case you had the impression that there were no limits on your recording abilities , well , there are .
• The mobile app situation is n't ideal .
There are apps for Android , BlackBerry , Windows Mobile and iPhone via jailbreak , and they all work .
That said , they 're not perfect — they can be slow , poorly integrated , glitchy , or hard to figure out .
And since they 're supposed to replace the dialer on your phone entirely , this is n't wonderful .
The online mobile interface is a good fallback for placing calls and sending texts , but navigating to that adds an extra step to any call or text that can get tiresome after a while .
Advertisement
• Lastly , the way American phones work , you 're still going to end up paying for your minutes , somehow .
Just because Google Voice says you can make free domestic calls and cheap international calls does n't mean that you actually can : in both cases , you need to dial out to Google Voice 's external system in the first place , which means you 're still using your monthly minute allotment .
There are ways around this which I 'll discuss later , but Google Voice , as good as it is , is n't magic .
Discouraged ?
Do n't be .
Google Voice is still well worth you time and effort , and it 's only going to get better .
Now , for God 's sake let 's get started already .
Advertisement
The Process
Advertisement
Signing up .
This is simultaneously the easiest and most irritating part of Google Voice :
It 's still invite only .
Lucky for you , " Invite " in this case does n't mean you actually have to wait for an individual to select you from the masses ; it 's just Google 's way of saying their keeping the signup pace down at manageable levels while the service is still in beta .
Just submit your address , after which Google " anticipate [s ] that it will be a short wait before you receive your invitation . "
What 's a short wait ?
My invite took about four days .
Some come within 48 hours .
At worst , they take about two weeks .
Lots of you will have already received your invite , and just not done a whole lot with it — you guys can keep reading — while the rest of you should just bookmark this post , and come back to it once you get your invite .
Protip : check your spam filters .
Advertisement
—
Ok , hello again , people I was talking to anywhere between two seconds and two weeks ago !
How are you ?
Now that you 've got your invite , you can log in to your Google Voice Dashboard .
It 'll look familiar if you 've used any Google Service before :
Logging in .
Follow your confirmation link , or navigate here .
Click around for a while to get a feel for the interface .
This is how you 'll manage your phones from now on .
It 's liberatingly simple .
Advertisement
Picking your number .
You 'll be given a choice of numbers , which you can choose from practically any available area code .
Choose wisely : this will be your primary number from here on out .
Choosing your first number is free ; changing it in the future will cost you $ 10 .
Boo , waah , etcetera !
But really not a huge deal .
Advertisement
Adding your phones .
This is assuming you want to forward a single number to all your phones , which is kind of the point here , so :
Go to the Google Voice settings page ( up in the upper right - hand corner of the screen .
In the first section , called " Phones , " click " Add a Phone " or " Add Another Phone . "
Give it a name " My iPhone " and enter its phone number .
That 's it .
Advertisement
Now you 'll be given a passcode , which you 'll use to authenticate your existing phone .
Clicking " Connect " will call your phone from your Google Voice number , and a friendly robot will ask for you code .
Enter it .
That 's it !
Setting up your voicemail .
Now that the phone is added , it can accept calls directed to your Google Voice number .
If the call is ignored , it will forward the voicemail to Google Voice , where it will be stored online .
Alternately , if you only want to use Google Voice for voicemail , you can disable the calling feature ( by unchecking the box next to the phone ) , and set up the service to hijack your actual cellphone number 's voicemails — even when the call did n't get routed through Google Voice .
Advertisement
This is much easier that it sounds : Just click " Activate Google Voicemail " next to your newly - added phone , and enter the number they give you exactly as it's written , symbols and all .
Once you " call " that number , you 'll get some kind of message on your phone .
On the iPhone , it looks like this .
Advertisement
Your voicemail has been switched — all you need to do now is set up a quick bookmark in your mobile phone to Google Voice , which provides a functional , if sparse , interface for your Google Voice messages .
It 's like visual voicemail , except through your browser .
( Or a mobile app , which I 'll get to soon . )
Choosing the rest of your settings .
Now you 'll see your phone listed under the " Phones " settings tab .
The other tabs contain a few pages of settings for your Google Voice account .
How you toggle these is up to you , but here are the most important ones :
If you want to forward SMSes to email , you 'll have to enable that in the " Voicemail and SMS " tab ; call screening settings are located under the " Calls " tab ; and international call credit can be added under the " Billing " tab , from a credit card .
Advertisement
Finding your feet .
Take some time to experiment with some of Google Voice 's core features now .
Place a call using the button at the top left of the Google Voice homepage .
Enter your recipient 's number , and choose which of your phones you 'd like to place the call with .
Google Voice will call your phone first , which upon answering will immediately call your recipient 's phone , which will think it 's getting a call from your new Google Voice number .
It might sound odd in writing , but once you see it work , it just kind of clicks .
You can also place these calls from the mobile web interface , without a computer .
Texting is more direct — you can send those directly from the web interface without any intervention from your phone .
Advertisement
Placing calls .
The aforementioned methods is the most obvious , and it will reliably work .
It 's a little cumbersome , especially if you 're used to just tapping on a contact and placing a call .
Thankfully there are a few more ways to place calls from your phone , and have it routed through Google Voice :
Advertisement
• Apps : This is by far the best way to use Google Voice .
Android has an official Google Voice app , as does BlackBerry .
These automate the dialing / texting out process , so you do n't need to mess with a web interface — you just opt to make some or all of your calls through Google Voice , and the app takes care of the rest .
Windows Mobile has unofficial clients that do the job pretty well , as does the Pre , in the App Catalog .
i Phone clients are available , but they 're not approved by Apple :
You 'll need to jailbreak your phone and install them from Cydia .
Advertisement
• The call - in method : Simply dial your new Google Voice number from your cellphone or landline , press 2 once it 's connected , then enter the number you want to dial .
This is less convenient than the web interface method , even , but it 's vital to the next one :
• The contact method :
This is a little cheat to automate the aforementioned process .
What you 're doing , basically , is saving your Google Voice number , a pause , the number 2 ( which selects " call another phone " from the Google Voice automated menu tree ) , a pause , then your recipient 's number .
Advertisement
Adding a pause is different on each phone — on the iPhone , for example , you need to save a number as a contact , and in the number editing screen , press the " +*# " button at the bottom left of the keypad .
The zero will be replaced with a " pause " button , which when pressed inserts a comma into the number .
Google is your friend for this one , though most smartphones make the option available in their respective contact editing screens .
• The 406 method :
Have the person you want to text send a message to your Google Voice account .
When you receive the message , it will be from a number you do n't recognize , with the area code 406 .
It will be labeled with the sending contact 's name , and any replies to that number will return to the person who sent them , but the number is completely new .
This is a Google Voice alias , which you can use forever : Just save it as part of your friend 's contacts — perhaps as a secondary cellphone or a work number , whatever you can remember — and use it as their primary contact number when call through GV .
Advertisement
Sending Texts .
Again , using the web interface is a great way to send texts , as are the mobile apps .
But the best solution ?
The 406 trick listed above works for SMSes too .
Advertisement
The Hacks
Advertisement
As you 've probably noticed , Google Voice is kind of a loose system — and a system that 's ripe for a little gaming .
There are two methods that currently work for getting truly unlimited , free calls over Google Voice .
This is where things get really interesting .
Interesting in a good way for you ; interesting in a terrifying way for the phone companies .
• The Calling Circle Method :
You know how some carriers let you designate a few contacts that do n't count toward your monthly allotment of minutes , like T - Mobile MyFaves , or the AT&T A - List ?
By making your Google Voice number one of your friends , you can filter all your calls through Google , whether they be free domestic calls or cheap international calls .
Once your Google number is added to your circle , making free calls is simply a matter of dialing into your Google Voice number and , using Google 's audio menu system , dialing through to your recipient .
( The contact method listed above will work too . )
Advertisement
To make incoming calls — including outgoing calls initiated from the Google Voice web interface — free , you 'll need to change your Google Voice settings under the " Calls " tab .
Select " Display my Google Voice Number " under the " Caller ID ( in ) " setting , and you 're good to go .
A full setup guide for the calling circle method can be found here .
Note : Designating Google Voice as one of your preferred contacts may be against your carrier 's user policies — check with them if you 're concerned .
Advertisement
• The VoIP method :
By signing up for a number with free VoIP service Gizmo5 and adding to to your Google Voice account as a phone , you can place unlimited free calls from your VoIP number to landlines .
You can also forward the calls through to Skype , if you 'd prefer .
This is n't a solution for mobile phones , but it 's a great way to make yourself an effectively unlimited VoIP landline for free .
Lifehacker 's got the whole rundown here .
UPDATE : Registrations for Gizmo5 have been closed .
Sorry !
Advertisement
Easing the Transition
Lifehacker has assembled a fantastic guide for easing the transition from many numbers to one , covering everything from how to convince people not to call your old numbers , to coping with voice latency .
Advertisement
That 's pretty much it !
If you have any tips to tricks for getting the most out fo Google Voice , please drop some links in the comments - your feedback is hugely important to our Saturday How To guides .
Advertisement
And if you have any topics you 'd like to see covered here , please let me know .
Happy Voicing , folks !
His second day home , Bailey woke up at dawn , barking loudly and giving Dana a panic attack .
Nor was she prepared for the size of the first veterinarian bill .
Paper training is hard , although Bailey is starting to get the hang of it .
Dana worries that her young son , Jordan , may play too roughly or step on Bailey .
By the time she visited my office for some tea and sympathy , Dana said she was determined to tough it out .
If they are well socialized and trained , dogs ( and their humans ) usually make it through the most exhausting puppy phase .
I came home the other night to find Scout trying to take part in an impromptu fashion show that Cornelia , my daughter , and two friends were having in our living room .
( They smartly hid a pair of heels . )
At 9 months she is trained enough to have the run of the full house , so we can cuddle with her next to the fireplace after long walks in the snow .
White hair covers most of our stuff , and vacuuming is our constant occupation .
My dog-crazy son , Will , 24 , lobbied hardest for us to get Scout .
He and his girlfriend would love to have their own dog in Brooklyn , where they live .
I ’ve bitten my tongue .
So , when my husband and I went to China for a week in December , we asked Will and Lindsey to dog - sit for Scout in our apartment .
Here is Will ’s report :
We are mildly dog obsessed .
We ’ve been known to torture ourselves for hours looking at cute , sad face after cute , sad face on Petfinder.com .
We viewed this dog - sitting stint as a sort of doggy test drive and could n’t wait to say zaijian to my folks .
Cold reality set in the first morning .
I work in the music industry with very late hours and I usually do n’t wake up until 8:30 or 9 a.m.
Not Scout .
She ’s up and ready to rock at 6:30 .
I had n’t been up before sunrise in years without having a flight to catch .
This early start on frigid dawns had a domino effect on my schedule .
I was a morning person for the first time , but I was sleepy by 9 at night .
One of the classic benefits of having a canine companion is the explosive happiness a four - legged friend displays upon its owner ’s arrival home .
I loved this , especially since Scout has a unique ritual for such occasions .
First she picks up a favorite toy ( in most cases a quacking duck ) and then proceeds to circle you while emitting a guttural moan reminiscent of Ludo from the movie “ Labyrinth . ”
This sound would seem to express anguish and misery in any other animal , but for Scout it means that she is infinitely happy that you are back .
The European markets turned into a total debacle today .
The Dubai default , and its effect on European banks , is the most - cited reason .
WSJ : European shares recorded their biggest one - day drop since April on Thursday , with banks leading a broad tumble for markets amid
worries about exposure to Dubai debt .
The pan-European Dow Jones Stoxx 600 index closed down 3.3 % at 239.85 , a level not seen since early November .
The U.K. FTSE 100 index closed down 3.2 % at 5194.13 , the French CAC - 40 index ended down 3.4 % at 3679.23 and the German DAX index closed down 3.3 % at 5614.17 .
Enjoy the rest of the day off , and for the sake of the economy , please base your shopping decisions based on how rich you thought you were Wednesday , thank you very much .
Nukes up close View photos South Texas could see the first new nuclear power plant built in the country in 30 years .
Most locals love it , but nationwide some are questioning the so - called nuclear renaissance .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Because oil prices have always been directly related to the strength of the economy , a recovery might have seen headlines like these :
 The recession ends : Get ready for $ 100 oil
 The economy roars : $ 140 oil , is there an end in sight ?
 Everyone in China buys a Cadillac : World tapped out
But a growing number of experts are saying that you can forget all that .
For the next couple of years , they say , oil prices will remain well below $ 100 a barrel as the economy remains fragile and efficiency measures kick in .
" The world will never run out of oil , " Deutsche Bank analysts wrote in a recent research note , echoing the old logic that the Stone Age did n't end because the world ran out of stone .
" If the oil age does end , it likely will be because we become more efficient and simply use less petroleum . "
It 's this " becoming more efficient " idea that the Deutsche Bank analysts use to predict even lower oil prices in 2010 than now - an average of $ 65 a barrel next year compared to nearly $ 80 currently .
To get there , they employ a metric known as energy intensity , which basically measures the amount of oil used in relation to the size of the economy .
( Keep an eye on this term in the next couple of weeks - countries at the upcoming Copenhagen summit on climate change will use it to try to wiggle out of making any hard commitments on cutting greenhouse gases . )
The energy intensity of the U.S. economy has actually dropped by about 2 % a year every year since the early 1980s .
In the next couple of years Deutsche Bank expects it to decline by around 3 % as people buy more fuel efficient cars and respond in other ways to the high prices of 2004 - 2008 and as government conservation measures kick in .
With economic growth expected to remain at a sluggish 2.5 % or so over the next couple of years , that translates into an actual drop in U.S. oil consumption .
" US oil demand may have already peaked , " the note said .
The bank 's numbers are n't far off from what the government is saying either .
U.S. oil consumption , which peaked at almost 21 million barrels a day in 2005 , is now under 19 million barrels a day , according to the Energy Information Administration .
" The last time we had a decline in consumption of this magnitude was 1979 - 82 , " said Tancred Lidderdale , an oil analyst at EIA .
U.S. oil demand is n't expected to near 21 million barrels a day again until 2029 .
The rest of the world
But what about Chinese demand ?
Speculators ?
Geopolitical tensions ?
Or any one of the myriad reasons cited for rising oil prices ?
Chinese economic growth at this quick rate is not sustainable , said Addison Armstrong , director of market research at Tradition Energy , an energy brokerage in Stamford , Conn .
Besides , he says , the Chinese will likely reduce the energy intensity of their economy even faster than America .
And by the time hundreds of million of Chinese are buying cars , the fleet could very well be all - electric .
As for speculators , Armstrong said credit tightening is making it harder for them to make the big bets on energy that were seen before the crisis .
And geopolitical flare - ups in oil - rich nations are much less apt to affect prices now that the world has the ability to produce much more oil than it is using .
Indeed , this lack of spare capacity was an underlying reason oil prices got so high in 2008 .
That year , spare capacity hit a low of 1 million barrels a day , a mere tanker load away from demand exceeding supply .
Now that number is almost 4 million barrels a day , and expected to grow to 4.5 million barrels a day by the middle of next year .
" There 's so much spare capacity right now , " said Armstrong , noting that oil prices in the $ 70 range are still high enough to insure new supplies are being brought online .
" It 's very difficult to see prices much higher . "
Although he had been out of sight for three days , he assured Americans he was on top of the situation .
“ We will not rest until we find all who were involved and hold them accountable , ” Mr. Obama said .
“ This was a serious reminder of the dangers that we face and the nature of those who threaten our homeland . ”
Image Air passengers in Pittsburgh on Monday were lined up to undergo tougher security screening .
Credit ... Jewel Samad / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
The president spoke hours after Ms. Napolitano tried to clarify the statement she made on Sunday television talk shows that the nation ’s aviation security system had worked properly .
Ms. Napolitano said that her remark had been taken out of context and that the attempted attack in fact represented a failure of the security system .
“ Our system did not work in this instance , ” she said on NBC ’s “ Today ” show .
“ No one is happy or satisfied with that . ”
In one of her Sunday appearances , Ms. Napolitano had said the system worked once the attempted bombing occurred , meaning that the government responded by increasing security and alerting other planes .
But on another show , she did not make clear she was referring only to what happened after the incident , making it sound as if the system as a whole worked  an incongruous conclusion given that the suspect was allowed to fly to the United States on a valid visa without extra screening even though he was listed in a terrorism database , his ticket was bought with cash and he checked no luggage .
Administration officials said that during a weekend conference call they had resolved to use the Sunday shows to reassure the public , but that the “ system worked ” formulation was not in written talking points .
“ Clearly she could have been more clear , and I think she was today , ” said one administration official , who declined to be identified discussing internal strategy .
OTTAWA – A group of climate change activists caused a ruckus in the House of Commons today when several protesters stood up and began chanting loudly from the public gallery during Question Period .
" Climate justice ! " the group chanted as they were escorted outside by security to continue their demonstration on the steps of Parliament Hill .
One protester was seen being dragged down to the lower level of Centre Block by two security guards , screaming as she went .
She yelled that her name was " Chelsea " before she was dragged out of sight .
Kaitlin Pelletier , 25 , said a group of about 1,000 youth that form a campaign called " Power Shift 2009 " are gathered in Ottawa to call for stronger action on climate change and aboriginal rights .
She said the group spent today lobbying their local MPs and senators .
She said the disruption in the House of Commons was not organized and that only a few individuals spontaneously started yelling .
" I can't speak to that , " said Pelletier , who came from Vancouver , when asked if she supported their actions .
But Joe Cressy , an organizer of the protest , said about 200 people responded to a call for a flash mob to disrupt the House of Commons in protest of inaction on climate change , particularly the failure of Bill 311 , the Climate Change Accountability Act , to pass in the Commons last week .
" When I say 311 - you say ' Sign it , ' " Cressy shouted to the demonstrators sitting in the public gallery .
They responded with calls that drowned out MPs and the Speaker .
Neither Prime Minister Stephen Harper nor Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff were in the House at the time .
Dozens of protesters were forcefully hauled out of the gallery , or escorted down the stairs .
" Whose House ?
Our House ! " they yelled , as members of their group were dragged out .
At a press conference , Green Party leader Elizabeth May said it was " heartbreaking " that MPs " laughed " as the young people were removed from the gallery .
She said " those were our children we threw out of the House of Commons today .... the most responsible young adults in Canada . "
May said they were protesting because a climate - change bill was delayed last week in Parliament .
" The youth in the galleries showed more leadership than the MPs on the floor . "
Cressy said a coalition of environmental protestors would organize " flash mob Mondays " from now until the talks at Copenhagen in December , which aim to reach a post - 2012 treaty on global warming .
" It might not be the most peaceful way to do it , " said Cressy , but , he retorted to reporters , " it sure got your attention . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Others defended the decision to interrupt democratic debate in the Commons , saying the politicians were " yelling and arguing with each other . "
" It seemed like we were not interrupting anything , " said Taylor Flook , of the Rainforest Action Network .
Rosa Kouri said " our children will appreciate what we 're doing . "
[ Jeri Ellsworth ] is building her own pinball machine .
Her build log is delivered in the form of daily videos that walk through the progress .
In addition to seeing the intricate ramps , traps , and controllers she outlines her build techniques .
These include reproducing parts based on old pinball machines and bending acrylic with a custom tool or a toaster oven .
The driver she ’s planning to use is an Altera FPGA with a bunch of FETs to control the heavy - load components .
There ’s not a ton of info on the actual electronics but we had a heck of a fun time looking at the creative field components .
Our favorite by far is the television from Day 7 .
The screen is translucent with a rear projected image .
When the ramp in front of it is raised the pinball can be jumped right through the screen !
We could n’t find a project page for this but we ’ve embedded [ Jeri ’s ] videos after the break .
Day 8
Day 7
Day 6
Day 5
Day 4
Day 3
Sorry , ca n’t seem to find the video for Day 2 .
Day 2
Day 1
WASHINGTON 
The government watchdog overseeing the federal stimulus program testified Thursday that he could not vouch for the Obama administration ’s recent claims that the money had saved or created 640,000 jobs .
He suggested that the administration should have treated the number with more skepticism .
The 640,000 figure , announced by the White House with some fanfare last month , came from reports filed by recipients of the stimulus money , many of which have been shown to be inaccurate or overstated since they were made public .
But the watchdog , Earl E. Devaney , the chairman of the Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board , said that it was also possible that the figure understated how many jobs were affected .
Up to 10 percent of the recipients had not filed the required reports showing how many jobs they had created or saved , he said .
“ I have no doubt that there ’s a lot of jobs being created , ” Mr. Devaney said at a hearing of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee .
“ I think it could be above or below 640 .
I think missing reports might drive the job numbers up , and I think there ’s enough inaccuracies in here to question if the 640 number might go down . ”
When the White House announced the figures three weeks ago , officials hoped to reassure people that the $ 787 billion stimulus program was working in the face of rising unemployment .
Many economists credit the stimulus with helping the economy , but tallying the actual jobs has proved difficult .
A series of embarrassing reports  of raises being counted as new jobs , of jobs claimed in Congressional districts that do not exist , of school districts claiming to have saved the jobs of more teachers than they employ  may have ended up undermining confidence in the stimulus program .
Although it ’s called the International Space Station , in reality the US has been the dominant partner in the project up to now , dictating much of its development and also paying the bulk of its costs .
( credit : NASA )
The future of American human space exploration and the “ Critical Path ”
With the pending end of the space shuttle era in American space policy , critical questions revolve around the issue of how and when the United States will return to independent crewed space flight .
The decision is complicated by the fact that the US has long had the prestige of being one of the first two space pioneers , first with the Soviet Union and now with the Russian Federation .
Both programs grew out of the Cold War driven global competition that only truly ended in 1991 with the collapse of the Soviet Union .
That competition had a warping effect upon both participants in that each self - defined themselves as the dominant player within their political - military bloc , an identification reinforced by possession of the largest and most powerful military forces and economies .
With the Cold War ’s end and the growth of other states to positions of selective parity with the two former superpowers , space activities become more complicated , with diverse international partners possible and conflicting agendas common .
How the US responds to these changes will have great impact on the future of American human space exploration , changes are being forced regardless of US preferences in how affairs are conducted in the future .
Earlier assumptions underlying US space activities
When the space age dawned in 1957 , the Soviets and Americans were engaged in a competition in which they initially ran alone , as all other states lagged far behind .
Fairly quickly , both states engaged in cooperative space activities with the US engaged more widely , beginning with the Canadians and the Europeans and followed by the Japanese .
For the United States , the pattern was clear : the US would engage with space partners as long as the other international participants acknowledged American preeminence and leadership .
This posture was buttressed at first by the fact that among the Western allies , the United States was the sole possessor of space launch technologies capable of lifting significant payloads to orbit .
This American monopoly was carefully guarded through a series of stratagems , including providing space launch services either free or at such a low cost that competitors were discouraged , or by withholding critical launch technologies by forbidding technology transfers on grounds of security concerns .
For societies with smaller economies and national budgets , American willingness to provide such launches was accepted because in the short term there was no alternative .
In the case of Canada , willingness to accept American leadership got their Alouette I satellite sent to orbit in 1962 ( making them the third country to have a satellite in orbit ) .
For the United States , the pattern was clear : the US would engage with space partners as long as the other international participants acknowledged American preeminence and leadership .
The Europeans were the first to publicly struggle against this American monopolist behavior by initiating an independent launch program , the Europa , which failed .
The project failed due to mismatched components since the program attempted to couple existing launch vehicles into a staged vehicle .
However , given ever greater US willingness to restrict other states ’ ability to compete economically by refusing to launch communication satellites that might pose future challenges to the US monopoly over Intelsat comsat purchases , the Europeans embarked subsequently on a successful launch vehicle program , the Ariane .
Efforts to sustain US control over western space launch ultimately failed due to the conscious choices made by various states to compete , combined with the space shuttle Challenger accident in January 1986 .
That accident led to the subsequent withdrawal by President Reagan of space shuttles from commercial launches .
Constricting Japan ’s possible competition with US launch vehicles was facilitated by apparent American generosity in licensing certain rocket technologies to the Japanese , combined with no -compete clauses in the contracts .
In time , Japan was forced to develop its own independent launch capabilities ; a process that took longer than expected but was seen as essential for Japan ’s space program to grow .
The International Space Station ( ISS ) program began in 1984 as an American initiative but international partners were considered an early and important component of the program .
Europe and Japan agreed to fund and build the Columbus and the JEM ( Japanese Experimental Module , later Kibo ) labs to house much of the research to be conducted on orbit .
Their participation was carefully hammered out in several agreements , but as the space station project floundered in a series of redesigns and budget changes , the partners often became the last to know .
In 1993 , the Clinton Administration imposed a new design and expanded the partnership agreement to incorporate Russia , with the international partners forced to go along for the ride .
Subsequently , in March 2001 , the Bush Administration restructured the space station to a new status that the Americans labeled “ Station Complete ” .
For the international partners , this abrupt change was particularly shocking because it envisioned a station possibly incapable of operating the lab components that they were in the process of building .
In fact , shortly after the decision , NASA attended a ceremony in Europe celebrating the development of the Columbus space laboratory that the Americans had in effect rendered useless by shrinking the crew size to three from six .
By canceling development of the American crew escape vehicle for budgetary reasons , the United States effectively gutted the project .
European and Japanese resistance led to changes that reinstated their participation in a more substantial role .
The ISS continues as a bone of contention when in January 2004 , the Americans announced their intention to shut down the shuttle in 2010 ( now possibly into early 2011 ) and deorbit the ISS in 2015 or 2016 , or in any case have the US abandon the ISS for the Constellation program .
That plan is unacceptable to the international partners who want the ISS to operate until at least 2020 .
Pushing the ISS beyond that date is not impossible , as the Russian space station Mir demonstrated , although it might become dicey toward the end .
Those plans are in abeyance at this writing as the Obama Administration explores its alternatives and the new US road for continued human spaceflight , which will also impact the partners .
The point of the above is not to rehearse the past but to point out a pattern in US government international cooperative activities with other states whether in space launch , human space exploration , or space science and other research projects .
The historical pattern is simple : the US is willing to join international space projects as long as it remains the project leader and is relatively , if not completely , unconstrained by the international partners when the US decides significant changes are required .
Why would other states agree to such arrangements ?
First , the United States , due to its resources , often set out to establish a new program and then added other participants on as second thoughts .
This happened with the space shuttle : Europe and Canada came on after the original configuration was established .
Likewise , the ISS was basically configured as a concept and then the international partners brought on board .
1
As a result , historically , the US , as its price for being leader , was normally willing to pay the largest share of the costs , which for space operations are usually significant and long - term due to recurring program delays and cost overruns .
By being willing to pay the costs , the United States encouraged a “ free rider ” mentality among its partners — meaning their willingness to accept US decisions only as long as the US wanted to pay .
Second , and of obviously declining importance today , the United States previously controlled the critical step in the project , the ability to launch the resulting payload to orbit or beyond .
The US aggressively pursued a policy aimed at discouraging other states ’ efforts to develop significant independent launch capabilities .
The Europeans were first to break free , followed more slowly by Japan .
Until the 1980s , the United States effectively had a complete monopoly on commercial launches and a large percentage of all launches by the Western states and their allies .
The reality is that the human spaceflight program survives as well as it does because neither political party has truly bought into a pay - as - you - go budget ; deficits growing as far as the eye can see have allowed the humans spaceflight program to survive .
Third , in a cynical but realistic tradeoff , other states learned to accept these de facto ground rules in order to have access to the programs and the technologies involved .
This allowed states to participate in broader and more advanced space activities than would otherwise have been possible given their budgets .
Canada , for example , has a much larger and cost - effective space program than its domestic political realities would normally envision .
Canadians as individuals participated in the Apollo program , with a significant colony of Canadian engineers working at the then - Manned Spacecraft Center ( now Johnson Space Center ) as members of NASA teams working on ensuring successful Moon landings and returns .
Their presence was the direct result of the cancellation of the Avro Arrow fighter aircraft by then Prime Minister Diefenbaker , another brain drain to the United States .
Canada subsequently participated in the shuttle program with their Remote Manipulator System ( RMS ) known as Canadarm , used for moving awkward and heavy payloads out of the shuttle .
Later , in the ISS program , Canada reprised its Canadarm experience by building the Canadarm2 for the ISS .
As a result of this activity , Canada has been able to support a human spaceflight program without the cost of independent launch .
More broadly , Canada has been able to link up with the European Space Agency to engage in other activities outside US control .
For the Europeans , there existed an alternative once the European Space Agency ( ESA ) became established , but that was largely not for human spaceflight .
Their willingness to support the costs of such an endeavor was obviously limited but subject to change as opportunities arose .
An independent European crewed spaceflight program was considered several times , but the US always provided a cheaper option provided the Europeans were willing to accept American leadership , erratic at times due to a constantly shifting domestic political environment regarding covering the costs of human spaceflight .
There is little major disagreement that the US should not be involved in such prestigious activities but the funding question always comes wrapped in a comparative cost analysis : the shuttle versus tax cuts or the shuttle versus environmental programs .
The reality is that the human spaceflight program survives as well as it does because neither political party has truly bought into a pay - as - you - go budget ; deficits growing as far as the eye can see have allowed the humans spaceflight program to survive .
One forgets that Eisenhower was skeptical about the Apollo program due to its costs especially if you wanted to balance the budget — Eisenhower being the last US president to take balanced budgets seriously .
Confronting reality
The pattern has been clear : the US leads and others follow .
This unipolar posture , however , assumes that the United States is willing to lead in terms of paying the major portion of the costs of any international space project .
The likelihood of the Obama Administration dropping or ending the US human spaceflight program is low given the prestige and other considerations that have undergirded US human space exploration since its inception during the Eisenhower administration .
Whether the Obama Administration will push forward aggressively or , more likely , seek alternatives is unimportant except that the United States will continue in whatever configuration is agreed upon .
What has become clear since the 1980s is that the United States is unwilling or unable ( take your pick as to the relevant explanation ) to singlehandedly pursue a large - scale human spaceflight endeavor .
This reality was hammered home by the ISS difficulties when international partners became critical components in completing and , more importantly , justifying to Congress continuation of the space station program .
Without those justifications , the House of Representatives in 1993 was willing to cancel the space station program ( cancelation came within one vote on the House floor ) .
NASA ’s now traditional strategy of buying into human spaceflight projects with low - ball numbers is increasingly more difficult to justify .
Cost overruns will not disappear , but congressional willingness to accept them is becoming more problematic , especially over the next decade as the United States digs out from under the current economic difficulties .
What has become clear since the 1980s is that the United States is unwilling or unable ( take your pick as to the relevant explanation ) to singlehandedly pursue a large - scale human spaceflight endeavor .
There are still many who argue for an American go - it - alone strategy , but the reality is that the horse has already left the barn .
The ISS , the centerpiece of a generation of NASA dreams , has created the new reality that international partners must be engaged and their contributions are no longer trivial , so their desires and capabilities become important .
The critical path for the completion of the ISS in its final configuration incorporates two international partners , Russia and Canada .
For the first time , a participant other than the United States is placed in the position that their actions or failure to act will adversely impact project completion .
For example , the Russian delay in completing and orbiting their second module , the Zvezda Service Module , to link up with the first Zarya Control Module led the US to construct an Interim Control Module as a backup in case Zvezda was damaged or lost during launch .
Zarya had been paid for by the US , with Zvezda being a Russian contribution to the ISS program that was delayed due to domestic Russian financial issues .
The Interim Control Module was a diversion of NASA resources felt necessary if the ISS program was to stay roughly on track .
The Canadians , with their Canadarm remote manipulators , are also on the critical path in that use of their capabilities makes the ISS construction process quicker with less necessity for long - endurance and potentially hazardous spacewalks .
NASA identified the Canadian contribution on its ISS website thusly : “ The installation of the new truss segments and unfurling of the arrays require unprecedented robotic operations .
Those operations will use the shuttle and station ’s Canadian - built mechanical arms to delicately maneuver school bus -sized station components into place . ”
2
What is left unspoken is that Canada ’s budget issues earlier threatened required a readjustment of Canada ’s contribution to the overall cost of the ISS going forward .
What is becoming clear is if the United States is to continue its human exploration program , international partners are going to be critical for any large - scale , long - duration human exploration effort .
The thrill is gone as evidenced by the increasing difficulty encountered in mustering political support for NASA ’s human spaceflight program .
Commercial launch programs are likely to partially replace government vehicles for reaching orbit , but space exploration means going places where there exists no immediate commercial market .
The costs are enormous given the likely economic returns .
You can subsidize commercial flights but that removes them from economic rationality if the market approach is to work .
It is better to keep the two separate because both lose in the exchange .
China and India wax very enthusiastically about future manned missions to orbit , the Moon , and beyond , but have not confronted the funding realities of such long - duration programs against likely benefits .
For new national space participants , the thrill is getting there since it marks such a state as a major global technological player , but the reality is that long - term human space exploration efforts become ever more expensive , fraught with unanticipated problems , and plagued by delays .
All of these factors will fuel domestic calls for retrenchment and other short - term solutions to budget issues even among the new participants .
Fortunately for the United States , we lack the goad of the Cold War although nationalism and other competitive factors will continue to fuel our national space program .
Those factors will keep the United States in the game , albeit without the war - type funding Apollo generated .
International options
The current question becomes how the US should approach the question of international cooperation .
With the space shuttle ’s demise as a flight option , the United States confronts the reality of being dependent upon the good graces of others .
That prospect obviously distresses many since this situation may signal the first voluntary withdrawal of a state from independent human spaceflight after establishing that capacity .
Given the dynamics of American politics and nationalism , the US is unlikely to actually completely withdraw despite the fact that previous gaps in flight capability have been acceptable .
The United States at least temporarily moves from the position of dominant partner to that of dependent .
This status will be uncomfortable but doable as a stopgap .
The full end of the Apollo program in the form of the Apollo - Soyuz Test Project in 1975 left the United States grounded until the space shuttle flew in 1981 .
However , any anxiety about that gap was minimized by awareness that the shuttle was coming , albeit slowly .
The shuttle ’s survival as a program earlier in January 1972 had been more tenuous than most realize .
President Richard Nixon agreed to start the shuttle program in large part because of its importance for California in terms of jobs ; 1972 being a presidential election year and California a critical state .
One can make the argument that if President Nixon had understood in January 1972 that George McGovern was to be the Democratic presidential candidate rather than Edmund Muskie or Hubert Humphrey , Nixon may not have approved the shuttle .
Nixon would not have needed the California jobs to insure his re-election .
Likewise , each of the two shuttle accidents created some thoughts of cancelation .
The problem was that shuttle replacement programs such as the X - 33 fell though , leaving the shuttle in place despite its flight hazards .
After the Columbia accident in February 2003 , the shuttle was no longer considered safe enough to continue as a flight vehicle indefinitely .
Prior to that tragedy , the space shuttle was considered viable until 2020 or 2030 , but no longer after the Columbia Accident Investigation Board report in August 2003 .
As a result , now another flight gap looms with great debate over the viability of Ares 1 and uncertainty about other possible substitutes .
The practical result is that the US for the next several years will have to buy seats on Russian Soyuz flights , as will other participants .
The United States at least temporarily moves from the position of dominant partner to that of dependent .
This status will be uncomfortable but doable as a stopgap .
The more critical issue is the declining willingness of presidents and congresses to fund long - term space programs , especially human exploration , because it is significantly more expensive than unmanned missions .
How NASA is able to fund such programs in the absence of strong political support remains a difficult question .
The degree of difficulty has grown over the years but has not yet returned to the levels of congressional antagonism as in 1993 when the ISS came within one vote of cancelation on the House floor while its budgetary competitor , the Superconducting Super Collider , was terminated .
There are no easy answers but obviously one approach may be for the United States to fully opt into international partnerships led by a consortium of states with the US as one partner among others .
Participation by each state would vary from mission to mission , but would allow continued US support for a manned space program .
Such alliances can be critical for sustaining such programs despite the annual congressional and presidential appropriations process that provides repeated opportunities for budget cuts and stretch outs .
Politically , international partners become arguments for continued US participation ; otherwise , the US loses standing in the international community .
What this means is that the US must become comfortable with such close cooperation , as unilateral decisions with no prior consultation with partners will end .
The advantage is that true cooperation translates into greater equality in terms of budget share — the US will no longer operate as the funder of last resort with the unpleasantness that situation generates .
One downside is that projects will move more slowly ( although in truth no one may notice , given the delays common presently ) due to the need for effective consultation among the partners before programs are initiated and necessary changes are made .
Such partnerships provide a mechanism for incorporating different states into the program based on actual interest and capabilities .
The reality is that NASA struggles to implement a human spaceflight program that is broken .
The program is broken not because of technical failure but because the political base has eroded to the point that a new political arrangement needs to be developed .
In fact , a model for considering such an approach would be ESA , where a diversity of states in terms of resources and technological capabilities work together to develop and implement a long - term space exploration program .
ESA does not eliminate the differences between partners — the larger states dominate based on their willingness to contribute technologically and budgetary .
States also have the option to not participate in certain programs that do not meet their national priorities .
The British , for example , opted out earlier from certain programs , most notably Ariane , but now wishes to reengage more proactively in ESA programs .
The reality is that NASA struggles to implement a human spaceflight program that is broken .
The program is broken not because of technical failure — although there has been some of that — but because the political base has eroded to the point that a new political arrangement needs to be developed .
The United States is two generations beyond the impetus that generated Apollo ; that is truly history now .
The task now is building a future .
Apollo was the product of the Cold War .
The new era is more fluid , but that does not mean a new justification and approach cannot be created .
Endnotes James Zimmerman , “ International Configurations , ” Projects : Aim for Mars , Stepping into the Future : A Workshop in Memory of the Columbia Seven , April 29 - 30 , 2003 , The Planetary Society ( accessed December 21 , 2009 ) ; and John M. Logsdon , Together in Orbit : The Origins of International Participation in the Space Station ( Washington , D.C. : NASA History Division , Monographs in Aerospace History # 11 , November 1998 ) .
NASA , “ Space Station Under Construction : Building a Ship Outside a Shipyard , ” ( accessed December 24 , 2009 ) .
Home
The HypnosEye cellphone projector is the lowest tech solution you ’ll find to the problem of throwing your cellphone ’s video onto a nearby wall .
It is also the only gadget in history that sports an “ adjustment cushion ” .
First , here ’s what the HypnosEye does n’t do .
It does n’t hook up to your iPhone ’s dock , or your portable media player ’s video - out .
It does n’t use lasers or LEDs or spinning mirrors to cast project the image .
And most of all , it will never , ever fit in your pocket .
What it does do is cast a rather dim image onto a very nearby wall , without batteries or lights of any kind .
Here it is in action :
The magic lantern is a polycarbonate and ABS box which has a slot in the base for an iPhone , or anything else that will fit in there .
Mirrors inside bend the light from the screen and beam it out through a lens on the front , and focus is achieved by sliding the front section of the unit back and forth .
The kit even comes with a tiny 14 - inch - wide screen and stand .
It ’s a fun gimmick , marred by its relatively high price of $ 117 .
For less than double that , you can pick up a real pico projector , and project a proper , bright image of , say , the Death Star onto your bedroom ceiling as you fall sound asleep in your Tauntaun sleeping bag .
And that adjustment cushion ?
It just tilts the front of the projector up at an angle .
That is all .
HypnosEye Projector and Screen Set [ Japan Trend Shop via Oh Gizmo ! ]
Yesterday Apple introduced HD TV downloads to the iTunes store , meaning you can watch Peter be super emo on Heroes at a crispy 720 p resolution .
That 's a higher resolution than DVD , and technically , yup , that 's HD .
There 's a catch though .
Like every other video download service touting HD videos , it 's all actually lower quality than DVD .
It 's all about bitrate :
How much data is packed into a file , described as bits per second .
Generally speaking , a higher bitrate translates into higher quality audio and video , though quality can also be affected by codec - the encoding and compression technique that was used to make and read the file - so bitrate is not an absolute mark of quality , but it 's still a very good indicator .
You 're probably most familiar with this bitrate business when it comes to ripping your CDs .
When you shove a CD into your computer , your ripping program will ask what format you want and what bitrate you want .
A song ripped at a higher bitrate will sound better , with more presence and detail , but it does take up more space .
The same principle applies with video , though it 's actually a bigger deal , because it 's easier to see quality differences in video than it is to hear differences in audio .
The bits make a huge difference when you get into fast moving stuff like sports or action movies - to be frank , they 'll look like splattered , smeared shit in highly compressed low - bitrate vids .
This chart below , expertly crafted by George Ou at ZDNet provides a solid starting point for comparison , with average bitrates of most digital video available .
Advertisement
As you can see , regular DVD runs at about 6 - 8 megabits per second .
High - def iTunes content , despite having a higher resolution , is half that , a mere 4 M bps .
Vudu 's current HD movies is also about 4 M bps , if you 've got the pipes .
Xbox Live Marketplace has the highest bitrate - and indeed , often gets props for its quality - at close to 6.8 Mbps .
On the other hand , standard - def movies on the Netflix Roku box max out at around 2.2 M bps - and are often delivered in lower qualities because of bandwidth constraints .
iTunes standard def TV shows run around 1.5 Mbps .
Now , consider that Blu-ray is a mean 40 M bps and you see that the definition of " HD " is suddenly remarkably vague .
That 's a pissload of numbers .
What does that mean ?
Advertisement
This comparison test we ran in February pretty much shows you what 's wrong :
No matter how awesome MPEG - 4 compression - or whatever the codec of the month is - gets , it can't work miracles when it 's missing bits .
It 's why Vudu , for instance , is testing out a new closer - to - real - HD service — that they 've revealed to us has three times the bitrate of any other download service on the market , meaning it should be close to 20 M bps — that will take hours to deliver to your home .
But even then , the notion that it would truly rival Blu-ray is totally laughable .
It 's not just download services giving you this watered - down so - called " HD lite " , either .
Comcast was busted cramming three HD channels into the space of two , resulting in crappy looking HDTV , and the satellite guys adding a million HD channels a year are n't much better .
Now that you understand what makes or breaks an HD picture — the amount of data — it 's probably no surprise to you that the major reason everyone is peddling subpar HD is bandwidth .
HD content is pipe - bustingly huge - a standard - def Battlestar Galactica file on iTunes is 520MB and takes about 15 minutes to download via a strong cable connection .
The 720p HD download is 1.4GB and takes 40 minutes or so for your hard drive to completely swallow .
The Blu-ray version of the same ep might be 10 times that - like 14GB .
Putting that in more context , a single TV episode would take up twice the space as the average dual - layer DVD movie .
Right now , we do n't have the broadband infrastructure to support it , and who knows when we will ?
Hell , the people with the best chance of giving us that added bandwidth - the major ISPs like Comcast and AT&T - are doing just the opposite : Implementing usage caps that will mean less HD downloading .
The sad thing is , they probably wo n't even use the added bandwidth to make their own HD TV channels look better .
The United States Conference of Catholic Bishops delivered a critical endorsement to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi on Saturday by signing off on late - night agreement to grant a vote on an amendment barring insurance companies that participate in the exchange from covering abortions .
" Passing this amendment allows the House to meet our criteria of preserving the existing protections against abortion funding in the new legislation , " the Bishops wrote in a letter to individual members .
" Most importantly , it will ensure that no government funds will be used for abortion or health plans which include abortion . "
The group goes on to say , " The Conference will remain vigilant and involved through this entire process to assure that these essential provisions are maintained and included in the final legislation .
With this important step forward we hope the House can come together and finally move forward essential reform which truly will protect the life , dignity , conscience and health of all .
We also hope the Senate will follow the example of the House and include these essential safeguards in their version of health care reform legislation . "
The full letter is after the jump .
( h/t David Rogers )
UPDATED : Headline corrected .
Dear Representative :
The Catholic Bishops of the United States have supported adequate and affordable health
care for decades .
Our Bishops ’ conference has been working with Members of Congress , the Administration and others to help fashion health care reform legislation that truly protects the life , dignity , health and consciences of all .
We are very pleased that the House leadership has agreed to allow the essential Stupak - Pitts - Kaptur - Dahlkemper - Lipinski -Smith Amendment to be considered by the House .
This amendment will add to the Affordable Health Care for America Act ( H.R. 3962 ) crucial provisions that maintain the current protections against abortion funding and mandates .
Specifically , it will achieve our objective of applying the provisions of the Hyde amendment to the public health plan and on the affordability credits in the exchanges called for in the legislation .
Passing this amendment allows the House to meet our criteria of preserving the existing protections against abortion funding in the new legislation .
It also would fulfill President Obama ’s commitment in this area .
Most importantly , it will ensure that no government funds will be used for abortion or health plans which include abortion .
It is a major step forward .
We express appreciation for the courageous and principled leadership of the Democratic pro-life caucus , especially Representatives Stupak , Ellsworth , Kaptur , Oberstar , Donnelly , Doyle , Dahlkemper , and others who played essential roles in persuading the House leadership to allow this essential amendment to come to the floor .
We also welcome the wise decision of the House leadership to take this important procedural step which we believe will help pass much needed health care reform .
The Conference will remain vigilant and involved through this entire process to assure that these essential provisions are maintained and included in the final legislation .
With this important step forward we hope the House can come together and finally move forward essential reform which truly will protect the life , dignity , conscience and health of all .
We also hope the Senate will follow the example of the House and include these essential safeguards in their version of health care reform legislation .
We are deeply concerned about other aspects of health care reform , especially as it affects the poor and vulnerable in our midst .
We will continue to insist that health care reform legislation protects conscience rights .
We strongly support provisions in the legislation that will make health care more affordable for low - income people and the uninsured .
We remain deeply concerned that immigrants be treated fairly and not lose the health care coverage that have now .
If the Motion to Recommit focuses on denying immigrants needed health care , as reported , we strongly urge Members to oppose the Motion to Recommit .
The nation and the Congress are now engaged in an intense and much needed national discussion on how to provide affordable and accessible health care for all .
We are not experts on health care policy and cannot assess every provision of legislation as complex as this proposal .
However , health care legislation is not just political , technical , or economic , but also moral .
Health care reform is about life and death , who can take their children to the doctor and who cannot , who can afford decent health care coverage and who are left to fend for themselves .
For the Catholic Church , health care is a basic human right and providing health care is an essential ministry .
We pick up the pieces of this failing system in our emergency rooms , clinics , parishes and communities .
This is why we strongly support Congressional action on health care reform which protects human life and dignity and serves the poor and vulnerable as a moral imperative and an urgent national priority .
Sincerely ,
Bishop William Murphy Cardinal Justin Rigali
Diocese of Rockville Centre Archdiocese of Philadelphia
Chairman Chairman
Committee on Domestic Justice and Committee on Pro-life Activities
Human Development
comments closed
permalink
Zehntausende gingen im September in Berlin auf die Straße .
Sie demonstrierten aus Sorge vor zunehmender staatlicher Überwachung : Internetblockaden gegen die Verbreitung von Kinderpornografie , die Weitergabe von Fluggastdaten an die USA und vor allem : Die Vorratsdatenspeicherung .
Datenschutz - und Internet - Interessengruppen , lose zusammengefasst im Arbeitskreis Vorratsdatenspeicherung , riefen nicht nur zur Demonstration auf , sondern auch zur Verfassungsbeschwerde gegen die Speicherung .
Mit fast 35.000 Vollmachten für die Beschwerde sprengt dieses Verfahren nun alle Karlsruher Rekorde .
Morgen verhandelt das Bundesverfassungsgericht .
Einer der Sprecher der Kampagne ist Markus Beckedahl , Internet - Aktivist und Blogger :
" Ich fühle mich verdächtigt , und das von meinem Staat , dem ich eigentlich vertrauen möchte .
Und das ist der Paradigmenwandel , dass auf einmal 80 Millionen Bürger und mehr als 450 Millionen europäische Bürger auf einmal unter Generalverdacht gestellt werden .
Das ist ein Paradigmenwandel zu früher und zum Beispiel zur Lebenswelt meiner Eltern .
Meine Eltern laufen nicht mit Internet herum und nutzen teilweise das Internet noch nicht .
Warum wird bei denen nicht einfach mal ein halbes
Jahr lang gespeichert :
Mit wem kommunizieren sie und wo sind sie ?
Das würde wahrscheinlich eine Revolution auslösen in Deutschland . "
Wie in solchen Massen - Verfahren üblich verhandeln die Richter nicht über alle Anträge , sondern nur über einzelne , darunter einige von diesen Aktivisten verschiedener Organisationen gestellte .
Verhandelt wird auch noch über die Verfassungsbeschwerden von 43 Bundestagsabgeordneten der Grünen .
Und über die der Bundesjustizministerin .
Sabine Leutheusser - Schnarrenberger , FDP , lässt sich gemeinsam mit Parteifreunden vom früheren Bundestagsvizepräsidenten Burkhard Hirsch vertreten .
Es werde immer einfacher , Datenschutzanliegen zu vermitteln , hatte Sabine Leutheusser - Schnarrenberger noch als Oppositionspolitikerin gesagt .
Der Einzelne könne gar nicht mehr überblicken , welche Daten er wo hinterlässt - ganz allgemein und gerade bezogen auf die Vorratsdaten :
" Und wenn dann viele Bürgerinnen und Bürger sich vorstellen , dass alles , was sie mit dem Telefonieren machen , mit Handy , mit Festnetz , mit PC / Internet , was auch immer , dass alles das nachvollziehbar ist , dann sagen immer mehr Bürgerinnen und Bürger : Also , das ist jetzt wirklich zu viel .
Und es steigt damit das Bewusstsein , dass die Argumentation ' Ich hab nichts zu verbergen ' gar nicht gilt , weil von allen Menschen , die nichts zu verbergen haben , privateste Daten gesammelt werden . "
Die bunte Allianz der Beschwerdeführer demonstriert Einigkeit : Morgen in aller Frühe werden sich die drei Gruppen gemeinsam der Presse präsentieren .
Gemeinsam , aber ohne Sabine Leutheusser - Schnarrenberger .
Die hält zwar an ihrer Verfassungsbeschwerde fest , muss aber gleichzeitig das zugrunde liegende Gesetz als zuständige Ministerin im Namen der Regierung verteidigen .
Leutheusser gegen Schnarrenberger nannte das ein Journalist - eine schwierige Situation , auch für das Gericht .
Statt wie ursprünglich geplant auf der Regierungsbank Platz zu nehmen und nichts zu sagen , wird die Ministerin gar nicht erst anreisen .
Statt ihrer wird die Staatssekretärin die Regierung vertreten .
Die Situation ist entschärft , das Problem das gleiche geblieben .
Vorratsdatenspeicherung , das bedeutet : Gespeichert werden keine Gesprächsinhalte , keine Texte von E - Mails oder SMS .
Wohl aber wer wen angerufen hat , per Festnetz - oder Mobiltelefon , wer wem eine E - Mail oder SMS geschrieben hat ; wer welche Internet - Seiten besucht hat , und vor allem : von wo aus er all das getan hat .
Damit lassen sich mit etwas Ermittler - Glück auch im Nachhinein Bewegungsprofile erstellen .
Das soll der Aufklärung von Straftaten dienen oder der Gefahrenabwehr .
Früher einmal , als das Gesetz in Kraft trat , verteidigte die damalige Bundesjustizministerin , Brigitte Zypries , SPD , dieses Anliegen :
" Man muss sich überlegen , ob man diese Daten braucht zur Strafverfolgung ; ob es hinreichend viele Möglichkeiten der Aufklärung von Straftaten gibt , die dafür im Verhältnis stehen , das ist ja immer eine Frage der Abwägung .
Und es gab die Entscheidung , zu sagen :
Wir wissen , dass wir bestimmte auch terroristische Delikte , aber auch sonstige Delikte mit diesen Daten lösen können .
Und das können wir auch nachweisen , dass wir das können . "
Heute übernimmt diesen Part in der Regierung niemand mehr - mal mangels Überzeugung , wie die zuständige Justizministerin , mal aus koalitionärer Zurückhaltung , so erklärt sich das Schweigen des Innenministeriums .
Noch in den Koalitionsverhandlungen hatte die FDP versucht , das Gesetz auf politischem Weg zu entschärfen - mit wenig Erfolg .
Deshalb lautet der Kompromiss im Koalitionsvertrag :
Auf die gespeicherten Vorratsdaten wird vorerst nur eingeschränkt zugegriffen , ansonsten wird die Entscheidung des Verfassungsgerichts abgewartet .
Warum , so lautete von Anfang an die Frage , müssen auf einmal die Daten auf Geheiß des Staates gespeichert werden , wo es doch in der Vergangenheit auch ohne ging ?
Denn auf die Daten , die die Telekommunikationsunternehmen von sich aus speichern , um ihren Kunden die Verbindungen in Rechnung zu stellen , konnte und kann ohnehin zurückgegriffen werden .
Das genügt nicht , sagt der Unions - Rechtspolitiker und Vorsitzende des Rechtsausschusses , Siegfried Kauder , der das Gesetz verteidigt :
" ... weil nach der vorgesehenen Vorratsdatenspeicherung auch die Verbindungsdaten bei einer Flatrate gespeichert werden müssen .
In der Vergangenheit war es so , dass die Daten gespeichert wurden zu Abrechnungszwecken .
Und Flatrate war ja da nicht spannend , das vorzuhalten .
Also , insofern ändert sich was .
Und auch die Dauer der Speicherung ist nach der Vorratsdatenspeicherung , die wir vorhaben , deutlich länger gefasst . "
Die zu Abrechnungszwecken gespeicherten Daten sollten und sollen in der Regel nach drei Monaten gelöscht werden .
Die Vorratsdaten dagegen werden ein halbes Jahr lang aufgehoben .
Drei Monate oder sechs - das ist ein Unterschied , aber nicht der entscheidende , der die Kritiker stört .
Was Aktivisten und Datenschützer auf die Barrikaden und vor Gericht treibt , ist zum einen , dass systematisch gespeichert wird und dass es gerade der Staat ist , der die Speicherung anordnet , mit allen Gefahren , die mit den entstehenden Datenbanken einhergehen .
Zum anderen ist es der Umfang dessen , was gespeichert wird .
Die systematische Speicherung als solche heißt für den Internetaktivisten Markus Beckedahl : Jeder Bürger wird unter Generalverdacht gestellt .
Unsinn nennt das Siegfried Kauder .
Schließlich würden die Daten zwar allgemein gespeichert , aber nur bei konkretem Verdacht genutzt .
Der Bundesdatenschutzbeauftragte Peter Schaar dagegen teilt die Sorgen der Aktivisten :
" Eigentlich soll doch derjenige , der sich rechtskonform verhält und keinen Anlass dafür gibt , dass er in Verdacht gerät , eine strafbare Handlung begangen zu haben , vor dem Staat insoweit sicher sein .
Das heißt : Der Staat sollte nicht registrieren , wo er sich aufhält und was er jeweils tut .
Und genau das Gegenteil ist eben bei dieser Vorratsdatenspeicherung der Fall : Da wird das ganz normale Verhalten registriert . "
Zu Recht , findet Siegfried Kauder :
" Jede Information kann wichtig sein , um einen terroristischen Anschlag zu vermeiden .
Es ist also schon geboten , dass wir da möglichst viele Daten speichern , aber auch den Schutz der Persönlichkeitsrechte beachten . "
Generalverdacht oder breiter Schutz , das ist eine Frage der Haltung .
Konkreter wird es bei der Sorge um das , was mit den Daten geschehen könnte .
Der Internetaktivist Beckedahl gibt zu bedenken :
" Daten fallen an . Daten liegen in Datenbanken .
Und man muss sich nur mal anschauen , wie viele Datenlecks und Datenskandale es in den letzten Wochen , Monaten , Tagen gegeben hat .
Also ich glaub nicht daran und ich vertraue auch nicht darauf , dass diese Daten sicher bei den Providern liegen . "
Denn es ist nicht der Staat selbst , der die Verbindungsdaten speichert .
Er hat die privaten Firmen , die die Telekommunikationsdienste anbieten , zur Speicherung verpflichtet , von den Telefonunternehmen bis zum Internet - Provider .
Die Unternehmen sind damit alles andere als glücklich .
Zum einen aus Kostengründen .
Sie bekommen zwar den Aufwand der laufenden Speicherung erstattet ; nicht aber das , was die zusätzlichen Speicherkapazitäten gekostet haben .
Die Provider fürchten aber auch um das Kundenvertrauen .
Technisch allerdings seien die Daten sicher , sagt Bernhard Rohleder , Geschäftsführer des Telekommunikationsverbandes Bitkom .
Sie würden ganz anders gespeichert als die immer schon aufgezeichneten Informationen , die die Unternehmen für die Rechnung brauchen .
" Es geht hier um zwei weitgehend voneinander losgelöste Prozesse in den Unternehmen , auch vor dem Hintergrund , dass die Vorratsdaten , die jetzt gespeichert werden , ja nur auf richterliche Anordnung oder im Falle , dass Gefahr im Verzug ist , eben auch auf staatsanwaltliche Anordnung freigegeben werden , dass es da einen Zugriff auf diese Daten gibt , dafür brauchen Sie auch letztlich andere Mitarbeiter .
Sie brauchen besondere Sicherheitsvorkehrungen in den Unternehmen , die eben sicherstellen , dass jene Daten , die durchaus sensibler sind als die reinen Rechnungsdaten , dass diese Daten auch so gut geschützt sind wie sie überhaupt nur geschützt werden können . "
Losgelöste Prozesse , besondere Sicherheitsvorkehrungen , dahinter versteckt sich zum Beispiel , dass viele Anbieter ihre normalen Daten anderswo , etwa in Indien , verwalten lassen .
Nicht so die Vorratsdaten .
Die bekommen eigene Speicherkapazitäten in Deutschland zugewiesen .
Soweit die Vorschriften - und soweit , sagt der Bundesdatenschutzbeauftragte , die Theorie .
Denn Peter Schaar hat auch andere Erfahrungen gemacht :
" Meine Mitarbeiter haben bei deutschen Anbietern schon Besichtigungen vorgenommen und haben sich erkundigt , wie denn diese Daten auf Vorrat gespeichert werden .
Und dabei haben sie festgestellt , dass einmal mehr Daten sogar gespeichert werden als im Gesetz ausdrücklich gesagt wird .
Und zweitens , dass solche Daten teilweise eben auch nicht hinreichend geschützt sind .
Sie sind zum Beispiel nicht verschlüsselt .
Sie werden bei einzelnen Anbietern auch nicht mal separiert von sonstigen Daten , die für eigene Zwecke verwendet werden .
Das halte ich natürlich für sehr kritisch , weil dann eben die Missbrauchsgefahr steigt . "
Gut und schön , sagen Verteidiger der Speicherung wie Siegfried Kauder , er hält aber entgegen :
" Der Bürger gibt mehr Daten bei persönlichen Geschäften ab als bei der Vorratsdatenspeicherung abgefragt werden kann .
Da macht er sich überhaupt keine Gedanken , obwohl da seine Daten weniger sicher sind .
Wer mit einer Karte bezahlt , wer im Internet etwas bestellt , hinterlässt Datenspuren , die intensiver sind als das , was man mit der Vorratsdatenspeicherung jemals machen könnte . "
Umso mehr müsste der Staat durch Medienerziehung bei Jugendlichen gegensteuern und nicht noch selbst mitspeichern , antworten Kritiker .
Und sie beklagen den Umfang der Speicherung .
Denn festgehalten wird viel mehr als früher zu Abrechnungszwecken .
Das gilt zum Beispiel für das Mobiltelefon .
Dort , sagt der Bitkom - Geschäftsführer Rohleder , wird nicht nur - wie bisher - Anrufer , Angerufener und die Zeit gespeichert :
" Es wird auch die internationale Benutzerkennung , die Gerätekennung notiert und es wird auch die Zelle notiert , aus der heraus und in die angerufen wird .
Damit lassen sich für alle diejenigen , die Mobilkommunikation nutzen , theoretisch und praktisch Bewegungsprofile erstellen , die in vielen Fällen - jetzt denken wir zum Beispiel an Journalisten - auch sehr kritisch zu betrachten sind .
Es geht eben nicht nur darum : Hab ich in Berlin irgendwo angerufen ?
Sondern man kann hier die Anrufer lokalisieren mit einer Genauigkeit von etwa 50 Metern .
Also , man sieht genau , wer sich wann wohin bewegt hat , zumindest solange er sein Telefon in der Hand hatte und nutzte . "
Und unter Umständen auch sonst , ergänzt Markus Beckedahl .
Nämlich dann , wenn das Handy auch ständig mit dem Internet verbunden ist , etwa um immer auf dem neuesten Stand der E - Mails zu sein :
" Wenn ich Internet mit mir rumschleppe , dann gibt 's ja ständig Verbindungen zu meinem Provider .
Und dann wird auch ständig die Funkzelle , in der ich mich befinde , mitgespeichert .
Und das erzeugt ein komplettes Bewegungsprofil , wo ich mich als Mensch aufhalte . "
Aus dem Verhalten im Internet lässt sich - mit oder ohne Handy - vieles ablesen , oft mehr als aus herkömmlicherer Kommunikation .
Was E - Mails betrifft , so werden Inhalte nicht gespeichert , wohl aber die so genannte IP - Adresse des Versenders und Empfängers mit dazugehörigen Zeiten .
Also , wie beim Telefon :
Wer hatte wann mit wem Kontakt .
Was das Internet als solches betrifft , sagt Bitkom - Geschäftsführer Rohleder :
( Anmerkung der Onlineredaktion : Das Manuskript weicht in den folgenden kursiv gehaltenen Zeilen aufgrund einer Korrektur durch Bernhard Rohleder selbst vom Audio ab )
" Jede Einwahl wird gespeichert - und auch die Adressen aller E - Mail - Nutzer , die miteinander kommunizieren .
Man kann also ein sehr detailliertes Bild der Internetnutzung anlegen - und das über einen Zeitraum von sechs Monaten . "
Das sind Daten , die die in der Summe über den Umfang der Telefonverbindungsdaten hinausgehen , glaubt Rohleder , weil mit jedem Einwahlvorgang und jeder versandten E - Mail neue Informationen anfallen .
Festnetz- , Mobil- , Internetkommunikation :
Für all das gilt : Die Kritiker wenden sich vor allem gegen die Speicherung als solche .
Auch aus ganz grundsätzlichen Erwägungen .
Peter Schaar nennt vor allem zwei Aspekte .
An sich , sagt er zum einen , müsse der Staat angesichts der Datenskandale und der Verunsicherung Vertrauen schaffen und auf Datensparsamkeit dringen .
" Das ist nun ein konkreter Widerspruch zu dem , was wir leider erleben müssen , schon seit einiger Zeit : Dass der Staat darauf drängt , dass die Unternehmen bestimmte Daten vorhalten , die für seine eigenen Zwecke interessant sein könnten . "
Zum anderen beklagt der Bundesdatenschutzbeauftragte , dass der Staat auch sonst immer mehr Daten auf Vorrat , ohne konkreten Verdacht , bereithalte .
Von den Bankdaten im Internationalen Zahlungsverkehr im SWIFT - Übereinkommen zwischen Europäischer Union und Vereinigten Staaten , über die Fluggastdaten oder Forderungen zu einer Warndatei für Einlader von Visumspflichtigen Ausländern oder automatischer Kennzeichenerfassung .
" Wenn man diese Entwicklung betrachtet , muss man schon sagen : Da ist ein Damm gebrochen . "
Dazu , so Schaar , kommt die teilweise von anderen Staaten erhobene Forderung , im Internet auch mehr zu speichern , also etwa nicht nur die IP - Adresse , sondern über den Provider auch die Inhalte zu erfassen .
Was allerdings die Vorratsdatenspeicherung selbst betrifft , so ist die Frage , wie weit sie im späteren Urteil überhaupt eine Rolle spielen wird .
Nicht , weil die Richter sie nicht möglicherweise hinterfragen würden .
Sondern weil sie auf einer europäischen Richtlinie beruht .
Umstritten ist , ob die Europäische Union dafür die Kompetenz hatte , beziehungsweise :
Ob sie sich auf die richtige Kompetenz berufen hat .
Der Europäische Gerichtshof hat das bereits bejaht .
Über eine mögliche Grundrechtsverletzung haben die Luxemburger Richter dagegen noch nicht entschieden .
Wie weit das Bundesverfassungsgericht da mitsprechen will , ob es die Grundrechtsfragen möglicherweise in Luxemburg vorlegen würde , ist offen .
Nach der Entscheidung der Verfassungsrichter zum Lissabon - Vertrag ist schwer vorherzusehen , wie sie sich in europäischen Fragen positionieren wollen .
- Ganz abgesehen davon , dass sie die Speicherung natürlich auch aus eigener Überzeugung akzeptieren oder zumindest für vertretbar halten könnten .
Selbst dann aber bleiben weitere Fragen offen , das haben bisherige Entscheidungen der Verfassungsrichter schon deutlich gemacht .
Denn wie die auf Vorrat gespeicherten Daten genutzt werden , ist keine Frage des Europarechts .
Würde das Bundesverfassungsgericht die Möglichkeiten der Behörden , auf die auf Vorrat gespeicherten Daten zuzugreifen , einschränken , wäre das immerhin etwas , sagt der Bundesdatenschutzbeauftragte :
" Das Problem ist einfach , dass wenn die Daten einmal da sind , die Verwendungszwecke auch relativ leicht variiert werden können in zulässiger oder unzulässiger Weise , so dass ich sagen würde : Datensparsamkeit ist das A und O. Aber gleichwohl :
Wenn das Bundesverfassungsgericht sagt , diese Datenspeicherung selbst beurteilen wir zum Beispiel aus Europarechtlichen Gründen nicht und wir beschränken uns jetzt darauf , genau die Verwendung zu überprüfen oder auch noch mal zu begrenzen , dann ist das natürlich auch schon etwas , das dem Datenschutz dient . "
Markus Beckedahl ist weniger versöhnlich :
Ihm geht es um die Speicherung selbst , auf alles Weitere will er sich an sich gar nicht einlassen .
Das Gesetz erlaubt , dass die Daten zur Strafverfolgung , zur Abwehr erheblicher Gefahren und von den Geheimdiensten abgerufen werden , nach jeweils eigenen Regeln .
Diese Regeln gingen ursprünglich sehr weit : Polizei und Staatsanwaltschaft sollten nicht nur in den Fällen auf die Daten zugreifen , in denen auch das Abhören erlaubt wäre , also zum Beispiel bei Verdacht auf Mord und Totschlag , Raub , Geldwäsche oder Verbreitung von Kinderpornos , sondern auch bei Verdacht auf andere Straftaten , die , wie es hieß , " mittels Telekommunikation " begangen wurden .
Auch wenn das nicht für jede Lappalie möglich sein sollte : Damit hätte es im Internet praktisch keine Untergrenze mehr für die Ermittler gegeben .
Die Verfassungsrichter setzten den Passus - vorläufig , bis zur endgültigen Entscheidung - aus .
Ähnlich sah es auch bei der Gefahrenabwehr und der Nutzung durch die Geheimdienste aus : Nachdem Bayern und Thüringen als erste ihrer Polizei , Bayern auch seinem Verfassungsschutz , den Zugriff auf die Daten erlaubt hatten , entschieden die Verfassungsrichter vorläufig : Nur die Abwehr irgendwelcher , nicht näher bestimmter , erheblicher Gefahren genügt nicht .
Damit die Polizei abrufen darf , muss eine dringende Gefahr für Leib , Leben oder Freiheit eines Menschen bestehen , die Sicherheit des Bundes oder eines Landes muss auf dem Spiel stehen oder eine so genannte gemeine Gefahr , eine Katastrophe , drohen .
Die Einschränkung sei wichtig , betont Peter Schaar , denn die Gefahrenabwehr sei aus Sicht des Datenschutzes viel problematischer als die Verfolgung einer Straftat .
Da geht es schließlich immer um einen konkreten , eingrenzbaren Vorwurf :
" Ganz anders sieht es aus , wenn es nur allgemeine Gefahrenprognosen sind , wenn noch nicht einmal klar ist , ob irgendetwas geplant oder vorbereitet ist .
Je weiter man da ins Vorfeld einer eigentlichen konkreten Gefahr oder einer Straftat geht , desto breiter wird dann der Staubsauger , mit dem die Daten erstmal eingesaugt werden .
Und das ist dann natürlich ein Eingriff , der sehr viel weiter geht .
Deshalb würde ich mir auch wünschen , dass hier eine sehr enge Begrenzung des Zugriffs auf Telekommunikationsdaten erfolgt - und nicht nur bei denjenigen , die auf Vorrat gespeichert werden , sondern generell , auch bei denen die für eigene Zwecke von den Unternehmen gespeichert werden . "
Für die Strafverfolgung wird Buch geführt über die Zugriffe auf die Daten .
Im ersten Halbjahr 2009 haben Richter oder Staatsanwälte 7.782 Mal davon Gebrauch gemacht .
In Bayern übrigens sechs Mal mehr als in Berlin , fast doppelt so oft wie im bevölkerungsreicheren Nordrhein - Westfalen .
Interesse an den Daten haben auch andere als die Ermittler .
Insbesondere die Musikindustrie .
Gar zu gern - so schreiben Unternehmen offen an das Verfassungsgericht - würde man mithilfe der Vorratsdaten gegen Nutzer illegaler Tauschbörsen vorgehen .
Genau um so etwas zu verhindern , um klarzustellen , dass die Daten nicht wohlfeil sind , bedarf es des Urteils aus Karlsruhe , sagt der Datenschützer Peter Schaar , selbst wenn die Richter die Speicherung als solche nicht verbieten sollten .
Und der Bitkom - Geschäftsführer Bernhard Rohleder fordert , zuerst einmal sollten die Ermittler doch darlegen , ob sich der Aufwand lohnt .
Und wie immer das Gericht schließlich entscheiden sollte , glaubt er :
" Es ist aus unserer Sicht Aufgabe der Politik , die Balance zu definieren zwischen Freiheit und Sicherheit .
Das sollte nicht dem Bundesverfassungsgericht überlassen werden , sondern es ist vornehmste und ursprüngliche Aufgabe der Politik , sich hier zu positionieren und diese Balance zu definieren . "
Die Koalitionäre in Berlin könnten also nach dem Urteil noch manches zu besprechen haben .
Aber das wird erst in einigen Monaten fallen .
Free-agent pitcher John Lackey and the Boston Red Sox have agreed on a five - year , $ 82.5 million deal , according to ESPN The Magazine 's Buster Olney .
We combined Lackey 's 2009 regular - season and playoff numbers to translate his new salary .
To find out how long it takes John Lackey to earn your wages ,
enter your annual salary here :
Submit
President Evo Morales won a landslide victory in Bolivian elections yesterday bolstering his efforts to empower the country 's indigenous majority under a socialist banner .
Exit polls and an unofficial count gave the country 's first indigenous president an unassailable lead , prompting rival candidates to concede and supporters to celebrate in the capital La Paz .
" This process of change has prevailed , " Morales told a cheering throng from the balcony of the presidential palace .
He said the result , following a tumultuous first term that wrought sweeping changes over the Andean country , was a mandate for further transformation .
Opponents said the charismatic Aymara leader would become more radical and polarising and usher in an authoritarian personality cult .
Based on a count of 91 % of votes , the polling firm Equipos - Mori gave Morales 63 % of ballots , way ahead of a crowded field of nine candidates .
His Movement Toward Socialism party won control of both chambers of congress , though in the lower house it was expected to fall just short of a two - thirds majority needed for constitutional changes .
Aymara and Quechua Indians queued from early morning to vote for the former llama herder who has nationalised key sectors of the economy , boosted social spending and clashed with the United States .
Bolivia 's transformation was irreversible and redressed a historic injustice , said Fidel Surco , an indigenous leader and senate candidate for Morales ' Movement Toward Socialism party .
" There is no way back , this is our time , the awakening of the indigenous people .
We 'll keep fighting till the end .
Brother Evo Morales still has lots to do , one cannot think that four years are enough after 500 years of submission and oppression . "
As well as pensions and subsidies to slums and impoverished rural highlands , the government has championed indigenous languages and traditional community justice , a " refounding " of the state cemented in a constitutional overhaul earlier this year .
" The decision is for change , " Morales said after voting in the central coca - growing region of Chapare .
Inequality and poverty remain extreme , and land redistribution has been cautious , but indigenous voters backed Morales , 50 , as an agent of transformation , said Mario Galindo , an analyst with the CEBEM thinktank .
The three political parties that ruled Bolivia for decades were all but wiped out .
Within hours of polling stations closing , rival candidates had accepted defeat .
Manfred Reyes , a former army captain and state governor , came second with 27 % , and Samuel Doria Medina , a cement magnate , came third with 6 % , according to exit polls .
Reyes said the president would now have no restraint in following his ally , Venezuela 's Hugo Chávez , down the road towards authoritarian ruin .
" What 's in play in this election is democracy , " he said .
Doria Medina said the government 's apparent economic success masked unsustainable populism .
" The only sector that has had important growth is the coca sector and the cocaine industry . "
Since 2005 GDP in Bolivia , one of South America 's poorest countries , has jumped from $ 9bn to $ 19bn , pushing up per capita income to $ 1,671 .
Foreign currency reserves have soared thanks partly to revenue from the nationalised energy and mining sectors .
The IMF expects the economy to grow 2.8 % next year , stellar by regional standards .
But efforts to tap lithium deposits and increase gas production have faltered for lack of foreign investment .
Relations with Washington are toxic : the US ambassador and US anti-narcotic officials were expelled as meddlers and spies .
When I came across this vintage Sun- In ad this morning , my brain immediately flashed back to the summer of 1995 , when I thought I 'd give myself some highlights and ended up looking like a human Chee -to .
Advertisement
While Sun- In may have been a highlight lifesaver for some , I either did n't follow the directions properly or the solution had a weird reaction with my often - chlorinated swimmer 's hair , as my " highlights " left me with a bright orange mop atop my head that took months to fade away .
It was n't the worst of my hair disasters , however : there was a truly heinous haircut during my freshman year of college that left me with about an inch of hair on my head and Kate Gosselin - eque bangs ( which I later trimmed myself , which made things worse , as I looked like a four - year - old ) , and of course the time I spent a summer continually dying my hair a shade of drugstore - brand red , which left me with faded purple hues and creepy blood - colored dye stains in my shower .
And then there was the time when I decided to go back to my " natural blonde " by attempting to bleach the red out of my hair , which left me looking like Pink 's sad , slightly deranged older sister .
There 's not much you can do with a terrible haircut but let it grow , and dye jobs are often fixable , though they come with a price , for both your wallet and the overall health of your hair .
Over the years I 've learned that I 'm a total idiot when it comes to my own hair , and that dying and trimming are best left to the professionals .
Of course , in a recession , that means my hair has to go through awkward periods of growth and obvious roots , but in my case I 'll take the hair of someone who has n't been to the salon in a while over the hair of someone who looks like they just stepped out of a Kajagoogoo video from 1983 .
Advertisement
So what were your worst hair disasters ?
And how did you fix them ?
Sun -In [ Vintage Ads ]
" Qui n'a pas de bornes , de limites ; dont on ne distingue pas les limites .
Incalculable .
Incommensurable . "
Voilà la définition que donne le Petit Robert du mot .
Et c'est ainsi que le comprenait Jean Spadaro , médecin et ancien abonné à un forfait illimité Orange .
En mai , cet urgentiste reçoit sa facture mensuelle ; il croit à une blague en lisant le montant qu'il est appelé à débourser : 159 212 euros .
L'opérateur Orange réclame cette somme en paiement de son dépassement de " forfait illimité " , limité en fait à un gigaoctet de données par mois .
Lundi 21 décembre , après une procédure de sept mois avec l'opérateur , Jean Spadaro a décidé de porter plainte pour " publicité mensongère " .
Cette histoire n'est pas exceptionnelle .
En novembre , Orange répertoriait une cinquantaine de cas et soulignait alors que des " accords " étaient trouvés avec certains clients .
Bouygues et SFR ont par ailleurs aussi fait l'objet dans le passé de plaintes concernant des factures anormalement élevées .
En 2008 , les réclamations concernant des factures avaient augmenté de plus de 32 % , notamment parce que les clients ne savaient pas que tout n'était pas compris dans leur forfait Internet mobile , d'après l'Association française des utilisateurs des télécoms ( Afutt ) .
Le mois dernier , la " facturation à tort " était toujours le premier motif de plainte des usagers de téléphonie mobile , selon l'observatoire des plaintes de l'association .
Dans le cas de l'affaire qui concerne Jean Spadaro , il s'agirait d'un problème de facturation lié à un forfait illimité en temps , mais pas en volume , explique l'opérateur .
Il est possible de rester connecté indéfiniment mais l'échange de documents est régulé .
LE DROIT DE POUVOIR LIMITER LE DÉBIT DE L'ACCÈS AU RÉSEAU INTERNET
Il " faut donc qu'Orange cesse tout simplement d'utiliser des termes qui consistent à tromper les clients en oubliant de les informer ou en les informant mal " , poursuit M. Spadaro dans sa plainte adressée au procureur de la République à Fontainebleau .
L'opérateur a proposé un remboursement .
" Ils m'ont envoyé des mails pour m'informer de deux avoirs distincts de 22 622 euros et de 136 529 euros venant en déduction de la facture " , explique le médecin " , Moi je souhaite un remboursement et un dédommagement car j'ai eu des frais de rejet pour bloquer le prélèvement automatique " , insiste - t - il . " , , répond Orange . " , , poursuit un porte - parole de l'opérateur .
Orange s'est engagé à améliorer ses conditions générales de vente et à mettre en place un suivi personnalisé pour le type de consommation des forfaits en cause . " " , , " , assure - t - on .
Pourtant , sur le site commercial de l'opérateur , en petit , en bas de page et sous le titre " , " de l'offre de " , , on peut lire qu'Orange se réserve le droit de " , précise encore Orange .
Quelques pages plus loin , dans ses conditions générales d'abonnement , Orange réduit de moitié sa tolérance : l'opérateur " , . " , En cas de dépassement , le débit est réduit au service minimum .
Le sens de l'illimité selon l'opérateur est tout relatif .
Eric Nunès
Fact Buster
Q : Does milk make mucus worse ?
A : No , while it might feel like it , milk does not increase mucus production .
Our expert : Dr Raymond Mullins
[ Image source : iStockphoto ]
Have your say
What 's your experience ?
Does milk make your nose run and your throat clag up ?
Tell us on the messageboard below .
Conditions of Use
A glass of milk is probably the last thing you feel like when you 've got a cold .
For centuries , milk has been blamed for increased mucus production  and in turn a range of other conditions like asthma and snoring .
But while many people swear milk produces mucus , the effect can't be explained by science , says allergy specialist Dr Ray Mullins .
A 2005 review of studies concluded that there was no link between milk consumption and mucus production or asthma .
In one study , participants infected with the common cold virus reported symptoms of increased in mucus production after drinking milk , but when their mucus production was actually measured there was no statistical difference .
In another study , there was no difference in the sensation experienced between drinking soy milk and cow 's milk .
This does n't mean people do n't experience the sensation , says Mullins , but rather that there is no actual increase in mucus production .
He puts the sensation down to the texture and viscosity of milk , and notes that most people do not report similar effects with other dairy products such as cheese .
Mullins says that a sensation of sticky mucus can be caused by many medications that dry out the mouth and throat , particularly in the elderly , as well as viral infections or allergies such as hay fever , but it 's rarely caused by diet .
And while many people call the mucus - milk phenomena an allergy , it 's not , he says .
True cow 's milk allergy is rare in adults .
About one to two per cent of children are allergic to cow 's milk .
They tend to grow out of this by the time they are teenagers  often earlier  and the symptoms are severe , says Mullins .
" A food allergy hits you like a Mack truck , " he says , adding that symptoms of cow 's milk allergy such as rashes , vomiting and breathing difficulties hit within the first 15 minutes to hour .
Lactose intolerance , in contrast , can cause diarrhoea and nausea or bloating , but it does n't cause either rashes or snotty noses , says Mullins .
It is caused by a lack of the enzymes needed to digest the sugar lactose , and is common in people from an Asian background and about one in 30 Caucasians are also affected .
Mullins says that people who believe dairy products cause an increase in mucus production could try an elimination diet , although in his experience the results are " disappointing " .
But he warns that taking people , especially children , off dairy products in the long term can have serious nutritional consequences and is inadvisable .
If you do suspect you or your children have a food allergy , it is important to confirm the diagnosis , he advises .
Long - term dietary restrictions should not be implemented without supervision by a dietitan and medical advice , and must include nutritive supplementation in the form of an alternative formula for babies and calcium supplements for older individuals .
Dr Raymond Mullins is an allergy specialist .
He was interviewed by Genelle Weule .
Unlike most Americans , they say many of their close friends will vote differently from them in 2020 .
VIEWPOINT
Mike Hulme and Jerome Ravetz
The " ClimateGate " affair - the publication of e-mails and documents hacked or leaked from one of the world 's leading climate research institutions - is being intensely debated on the web .
But what does it imply for climate science ?
Here , Mike Hulme and Jerome Ravetz say it shows that we need a more concerted effort to explain and engage the public in understanding the processes and practices of science and scientists .
Practising scientists know that they do not simply follow a rulebook to do their science , otherwise it could be done by a robot
As the repercussions of ClimateGate reverberate around the virtual community of global citizens , we believe it is both important and urgent to reflect on what this moment is telling us about the practice of science in the 21st Century .
In particular , what is it telling us about the social status and perceived authority of scientific claims about climate change ?
We argue that the evolving practice of science in the contemporary world must be different from the classic view of disinterested - almost robotic - humans establishing objective claims to universal truth .
Climate change policies are claimed to be grounded in scientific knowledge about physical cause and effect and about reliable projections of the future .
As opposed to other ways of knowing the world around us - through intuition , inherited belief , myth - such scientific knowledge retains its authority by widespread trust in science 's reassuring norms of objectivity , universality and disinterestedness .
These perceived norms work to guarantee to the public trustworthy scientific knowledge , and allow such knowledge to claim high authority in political deliberation and argumentation ; this , at least , is what historically has been argued in the case of climate change .
What distinguishes science from other forms of knowledge ?
On what basis does scientific knowledge earn its high status and authority ?
What are the minimum standards of scientific practice that ensure it is trustworthy ?
For an open , enquiring and participative society , these are questions that have become much more important in the wake of ClimateGate .
They are also questions that scientists should continually be asking of themselves as the political and cultural worlds within which they do their work rapidly change .
Doing science in 2010 demands something rather different from scientists than did science in 1960 , or even in 1985 .
How science has evolved
The understanding of science as a social activity has changed quite radically in the last 50 years .
The classic virtues of scientific objectivity , universality and disinterestedness can no longer be claimed to be automatically effective as the essential properties of scientific knowledge .
Instead , warranted knowledge - knowledge that is authoritative , reliable and guaranteed on the basis of how it has been acquired - has become more sought after than the ideal of some ultimately true and objective knowledge .
The public ... may not be able to describe fluid dynamics using mathematics , but they can recognise evasiveness when they see it
Harrabin : Rethinking the IPCC Warranted knowledge places great weight on ensuring that the authenticating roles of socially - agreed norms and practices in science are adequately fulfilled - what in other fields is called quality assurance .
And science earns its status in society from strict adherence to such norms .
For climate change , this may mean the adequate operation of professional peer review , the sharing of empirical data , the open acknowledgement of errors , and openness about one 's funders .
Crucially , the idea of warranted knowledge also recognises that these internal norms and practices will change over time in response to external changes in political culture , science funding and communication technologies .
In certain areas of research - and climate change is certainly one of these - the authenticating of scientific knowledge now demands two further things : an engagement with expertise outside the laboratory , and responsiveness to the natural scepticism and desire for scrutiny of an educated public .
The public may not be able to follow radiation physics , but they can follow an argument ; they may not be able to describe fluid dynamics using mathematics , but they can recognise evasiveness when they see it .
Where claims of scientific knowledge provide the basis of significant public policy , demands for what has been called " extended peer review " and " the democratisation of science " become overwhelming .
Science has changed a lot since Einstein 's day - and so has society Extended peer review is an idea that can take many forms .
It may mean the involvement of a wider range of professionals than just scientists .
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , for example , included individuals from industry , environmental organisations and government officials as peer reviewers of early drafts of their assessments .
More radically , some have suggested that opening up expert knowledge to the scrutiny of the wider public is also warranted .
While there will always be a unique function for expert scientific reviewers to play in authenticating knowledge , this need not exclude other interested and motivated citizens from being active .
These demands for more openness in science are intensified by the embedding of the internet and Web 2.0 media as central features of many people 's social exchanges .
It is no longer tenable to believe that warranted and trusted scientific knowledge can come into existence inside laboratories that are hermetically sealed from such demands .
A revolution in science
So we have a three - fold revolution in the demands that are placed on scientific knowledge claims as they apply to investigations such as climate change :
To be warranted , knowledge must emerge from a respectful process in which science 's own internal social norms and practices are adhered to
To be validated , knowledge must also be subject to the scrutiny of an extended community of citizens who have legitimate stakes in the significance of what is being claimed
And to be empowered for use in public deliberation and policy - making , knowledge must be fully exposed to the proliferating new communication media by which such extended peer scrutiny takes place .
The opportunity that lies at the centre of these more open practices of science is to secure the gold standard of trust .
And it is public trust in climate change science that has potentially been damaged as a result of the exposure of e-mails between researchers at the University of East Anglia 's Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) and their peers elsewhere .
Policy - makers are looking for reliable projections from climate scientists
The disclosure and content of these private exchanges is only the latest in a long line of instances that point to the need for major changes in the relationship between science and the public .
By this , we mean a more concerted effort to explain and engage the public in understanding the processes and practices of science and scientists , as much as explaining the substance of their knowledge and how ( un ) certain it is .
How well does the public understand professional peer review , for example , or the role of a workshop , a seminar and a conference in science ?
Does the public understand how scientists go about resolving differences of opinion or reaching consensus about an important question when the uncertainties are large ?
We do n't mean the " textbook " answers to such things ; all practising scientists know that they do not simply follow a rulebook to do their science , otherwise it could be done by a robot .
Science is a deeply human activity , and we need to be more honest about what this entails .
Rather than undermining science , it would actually allow the public to place their trust more appropriately in the various types of knowledge that scientists can offer .
What should be done ?
At the very least , the publication of private CRU e-mail correspondence should be seen as a wake - up call for scientists - and especially for climate scientists .
The key lesson to be learnt is that not only must scientific knowledge about climate change be publicly owned - the IPCC does a fair job of this according to its own terms - but that in the new century of digital communication and an active citizenry , the very practices of scientific enquiry must also be publicly owned .
The IPCC has won a Nobel Prize - but does it need a rethink ?
Unsettling as this may be for scientists , the combination of " post - normal science " and an internet - driven democratisation of knowledge demands a new professional and public ethos in science .
And there is no better place to start this revolution than with climate science .
After all , it is claimed , there is no more pressing global political challenge than this .
But might this episode signify something more in the unfolding story of climate change - maybe the start of a process of re-structuring scientific knowledge ?
It is possible that some areas of climate science have become sclerotic , that its scientific practices have become too partisan , that its funding - whether from private or public sectors - has compromised scientists .
The tribalism that some of the e-mails reveal suggests a form of social organisation that is now all too familiar in some sections of business and government .
Public trust in science , which was damaged in the BSE scandal 13 years ago , risks being affected by this latest episode .
A Citizen 's Panel on Climate Change ( CPCC ) ?
It is also possible that the institutional innovation that has been the IPCC has now largely run its course .
Perhaps , through its structural tendency to politicise climate change science , it has helped to foster a more authoritarian and exclusive form of knowledge production - just at a time when a globalising and wired cosmopolitan culture is demanding of science something much more open and inclusive .
A number of social issues need attention , the writers argue The IPCC was designed by the UN in the Cold War era , before the internet and before GoogleWave .
Maybe we should think about how a Citizen 's Panel on Climate Change might work in today 's world , as well as a less centralising series of IPCC - like expert assessments .
If there are serious ecological and social issues to be attended to because of the way the world 's climates are changing - as the authors of this article believe - then scientists need to take a long hard look at how they are creating , validating and mobilising scientific knowledge about climate change .
Climate science alters the way we think about humanity and its possible futures .
It is not the case that the science is somehow now " finished " and that we now should simply get on with implementing it .
We have decades ahead when there will be interplay between evolving scientific knowledge with persisting uncertainty and ignorance , new ways of understanding our place in the world , and new ways of being in it .
A more open and a better understood science process will mean more trusted science , and will increase the chances of both " good science " and " good policy " .
" Show your working " is the imperative given to scientists when preparing for publication to peers .
There , it refers to techniques .
Now , with the public as partner in the creation and implementation of scientific knowledge in the policy domain , the injunction has a new and enhanced meaning .
Mike Hulme is professor of climate change in the School of Environmental Sciences at the University of East Anglia , and author of Why We Disagree About Climate Change Dr Jerome Ravetz is an independent scholar affiliated to the Institute for Science , Innovation and Society ( InSIS ) at Oxford University The Green Room is a series of opinion articles on environmental topics running weekly on the BBC News website Do you agree with Mike Hulme and Jerome Ravetz ?
Does the ClimateGate affair have implications for the way science , and climate science in particular , is run ?
Does the way we communicate nowadays mean that science has to become more open ?
Are you enthralled or appalled by the idea of ordinary citizens being involved in reviewing scientists ' work ?
My 2 pence .
You can only interpret data correctly if you are familiar with the technology used to gather it ( and the experiment in general ) .
Web 2.0 greatly expands the ability of the general public to gather certain types of data , which definitely is a big plus ; and for these projects the inclusion of the general public in the analysis is must .
But ...
Fact is , the guy on the street ( even most geneticists ) are not able to correctly work with the output from , say , a 454 sequencing machine .
Still , some nice wishful thinking .
Corin , London
Thanks for the article .
Science is pure , which can not be change .
Scientists are also human being , not robot .
They do well for human and all natural creature .
Every people of the world are depending on science and people can not think anything beyond science .
We know that evidence suggests global temperature is beginning to rise .
There are several factors that could cause this .
Only one is affected by human activity .
If sciences are disappeared than how can we know the temperature of the planet over time - scales of billions of years ?
Is this current warming part of the Earth 's natural temperature variation ?
What factors affect and force changes to the global temperature , and to what extent are these being affected by human activity ?
What are the best predictions for change over the next 100 years ?
So , I would like to say that only science can present us a green planet .
Engr Salam , Kushtia , Bangladesh
The statement in the article that IPCC was established in the time of the cold war and when there was no internet etc is totally misleading !
IPCC was established in 1989 by WMO and UNEP well after the " cold war era " .
The authors express views which contradict to the excellent scientific base of the IPCC Reports .
Prof. Dr. Rumen D. Bojkov , Dresden , Germany
To quote Malcom ; Global warming is a particular difficult science because of the vast sums being spent by vested interests in fossil fuels to encourage doubt in the results .
We need a windfall tax on fossil fuel companies to fund public education .
Malcolm , UK
And the " other side " have vast sums being given to them now for research and will earn even more once trading in Carbon Credits ( Carbon Dioxide Credits ? ) gets going .
The money argument applies to all .
( Except me - I had to pay for the internet accesss to post this ) .
Nic , UK Interesting discussion about scientific knowledge by two scientists ( I assume ) .
I am not sure many people notice this , but they are not " doing science " in talking about this , they are " doing philosophy " - in particular , they are talking epistemology , in a fashion .
It would be nice to have some experts , say some philosophers of science , involved in this discussion to help ground it a bit .
Though these two authors bring up some good points to be considered , they make some mistakes that could be avoided .
Todd , San Diego , CA
This has less to do with how the public perceives science as it does the way politicians an specialist interest groups can coerce the science into justifying their agenda .
This is n't the first time science has been hijacked for political ends - remember eugenics - and it wo n't be the last .
We really do n't need extra laws or layers of bureaucracy to prevent this happening .
All we need to do is to force those promoting their ideas to answer simple but decisive questions posed by genuine skeptics .
For example , ask any of these climate scientists to show you the real - world evidence ( i.e. field measurements and not computer models ) that proves their core thesis ; which is that positive feedbacks dominate the climate system .
If their answers are not sufficiently clear and accurate to convince the average person , as well as the skeptic , then they 're also insufficient to be used as the basis for real - world actions .
Let 's teach people about the " scientific method " and then simply let them apply it .
Dave Salt , Darmstadt , Germany Respectfully , I think the authors misunderstand the nature of science .
The purpose of Science has never been to build a consensus .
In fact , a far better model of science is as a competition , a struggle between ' me ' and ' myself ' .
Science was at its best when carried out by individuals , and not as a bureaucratic endeavour .
Science is perverted when it is drawn into politics and not devoted to the pursuit of enlightenment .
The fact that Science was done ' for its own sake ' and that it was detached from the political realm were the key attributes that afforded it high status .
The authors propose nothing other than the end of Science .
K Gelling , Hong Kong
The lines between climate science and religion continue to blur .
Daniel , Ostrava , Czech Republic
This article clearly overlooks the scientific fact that most people are too stupid to know what 's good for them .
For example , smoking .
Robert , Bramhall , Cheshire
For me it 's simple
If my doctor tells me I have cancer , but wo n't show me the lab work .
I will not except his word .
A PHD behind a name does not mean blind faith .
There is too much at stake for science to only let one side of the facts out .
When this is done they must have something to hide , or they worry about their grants .
In true science the negitave is just as powerfull as the posative .
When it is the truth you are after .
tom jones , calabash n.c .
The use of the word " belief " , and the lack of the concept of " proof " , says it all .
If science had always followed this paradigm , we would be living on a flat earth , at the centre of the universe , and surviving without the benefit of gravity .
This is not science - it is snake - oil .
David Weston , Wellington , New Zealand
There is a lot of misunderstanding about the nature of science .
For instance : Science is NOT all founded on reproducible experiments .
Take cosmology : we only have one sky , and we can only look at it .
True , many different people can look at many different bits of it on many occasions , but nobody can perform an experiment on it .
Alternatively , take child psychology : no two babies are alike , so no experimental observations of a baby will ever be reproduced exactly .
In the first case , experiment is impossible .
In the second , reproduction is only approximate .
Progress in science is NOT all by rational analysis .
The classic example is Gregor Mendel 's theory of inheritance .
Fisher , a celebrated statistician , argued that Gregor Mendel 's numbers were too good to be true .
It seems likely that either Mendel was very lucky or he was devious .
That does n't mean his conclusion was wrong .
Nowadays , he is generally accepted as a great founder of the subject of genetics .
Science is NOT about facts .
Facts are so rare that studying just facts is not worth much time and effort .
In almost all cases , science is about trying to make sense of apparent approximate patterns and correlations which people think they have observed ; but , if we understand anything about the world we live in , then human bodies and brains are subject to the laws of statistical mechanics .
Our eyes and ears and memories are fallible , so who can say what actually happened ?
When science goes wrong , and occasionally it does , that is NOT always because a scientist is unscrupulous ( although that can happen ) .
Peter Woit , in his book " NOT EVEN WRONG " , describes in detail how social factors can disrupt the processes of peer review and funding and the whole course of development of a major subject .
Science can sometimes be explained to lay people , but if lay people do n't grasp it then that is NOT a reason to ignore it .
For instance , the recent Cambridge Primary Review recommended some changes to primary schools .
They are not in accord with the ambitions of many upper middle class parents , so the report has been rejected .
This will harm many thousands of children .
Science can sometimes NOT be explained to lay people .
There are very few lay people who could grasp the derivation and significance of Bell 's inequality .
Of course , any lay person who wants to understand science is very welcome , and we should all encourage him or her and give all the help we can ; but , if we fail and the lay person cannot grasp the science , that does not mean we should bow to the lay person .
One duty of those who can understand is to save humanity from itself .
Climate change is a classic case .
Alan , Winchester , U.K .
I want to remind all of you that the brightest minds in the world do not work for universities , overwhelmingly they work for industry and do not necessarily have the title of " scientist " .
They are more than qualified to address these issues .
Gene Williams , Boise ID , USA
It 's funny , is it not , that this revolution in science did not seem to be needed before the leaking of documents from the CRU ?
Likewise , British MPs did not seem to realise that they needed to be policed before they were discovered enriching themselves on the public purse .
By empirical knowledge we know that an organisation / movement that has found to be acting contrarily to the expectations of a public with a vested interest will behave in a predictable way .
That is , it will try to mitigate the damage done by harmful revalation by claiming progression to a newer , more moral high ground .
It is hoped that the old problem , without ever having been dealt with directly , will be overlooked as the new focus falls upon the clean start .
In short , we know what the obsfucation in this article really means .
Watt Tyler , Chichester England Was Einstein " almost robotic " when he became interested in Brownian motion and wondered if it held a clue to the ultimate reducibility of matter .
Or J Lister when he wondered if carbolic acid might serve in the fight against infection ?
I think the writers caricature the " classic view . "
I 'm sure intuition and accidental discovery have always played a part in scientific advance .
I am more comfortable with the idea of scientists having a burning desire to discover truth than with anything proposed in this article .
There are many more comments I could offer , but , not to use up too space , I 'll finish by expressing my astonishment with the phrase " the public as partner in the creation and implementation of scientific knowledge in the policy domain . "
The CREATION of knowledge ?!?
God help us !
Piers Anderson , Highworth , Wilts I believe its a wonderful day for people of common ground and interest in around the world can now openly admit that there is more to life than yourselves .
Climate change is an issue that affects this planet and asking the public for answers is the right way to gain undiluted knowledge and beliefs .
We have to deal with a growing and changing world that is becoming increasingly hostile to living creatures ( including us ) .
Need I remind that Maine once upon a time use to get buried up pass telephone poles and second floor houses in the past now we are experiencing rare weather patterns of extremes such as no snow for a some in the state .
Although most are not complaining its just not natural in this part of the world at this time of year .
YES to we need to talk and solve ways for future generations to survive on this fragile planet .
Sheila Mckenney , Portland Maine USA
A lot of these comments seem to believe that all climate science is made by a couple of scientist working together .
This could n't be any further from the truth .
There are thousands of people world wide working on the subject , they do n't all work on the same set of data , they research many dierent things , they have very differnet belieffs and social status .
But they all come to the conclusion that human made climate change is a serious problem that needs to be adressed .
Its not an english , american ou german thing .
Scientist from all over the World have studied many different aspects of our climate and noticed many different effects and changes on our planet .
Be it receading glaciers , fish migrating north or temperatures rising .
What is also a fact is that all these scientist do not agree on a great many things .
that is exactly how science works .
Both Darwin and Einstein , and even Galileo are still disputed today , but that tus not mean they were wrong , and the larger body of science as confirmed their findings , even if ocasionaly some one comes up with an argument against their views .
It is a good thing to question .
But questioning science can only be made with hard data and sound methods , not with internet bullying and invented proffs , as is usually the case .
Pedro , Barcelona , Spain More openness - sure , why not ?
But letting the general public decide on the merits of a scientific work probably goes too far .
" Truth " ( whatever this means ) cannot be established by voting .
So often science progresses by transcending intuition and common sense .
Imagine holding a referendum on Darwin 's evolutionary theory or the second law of thermodynamics back in the 19th century .
Bad idea .
Svetoslav Danchev , Athens , Greece
A lot of well reasoned comments have been made but the main point I think has been missed .
All the fine theories put forward and the disproving of these theories make interesting reading but the driving force behind AGM is money .
Countless billions have been spent so far on funding research and making people like Al Gore multimillionaires and Governments can use this climate doomsday scenario as a way to impose more ' green ' taxes .
Is any argument going to make them change their views ?
No AGM , no need for AGM research .
No jobs for the Profs and the thousands who work for them .
Gilbert Paton , Knutsford Writing as a non-scientist and having had a few windows into the scientific world the impression given is that science is frequently far less absolute than scientists would have us believe .
Petty rivalries and ' believers ' and 'non believers ' seem to permeate the discipline just as in other walks of life and of course we know that today 's science maybe disproved tomorrow .
With regard to the climate debate I have yet to be convinced that man-made CO2 is the cause of global warming and am concerned that this conclusion was arrived at too rapidly because of vested interests such as those of the university in question .
Andrew Allen , Lahore , Pakistan
In what way is climate science massively discredited ?
Because the climate scientists said nasty things about sceptics ?
For climate change to be discredited , it has to be shown to be a complete sham from the word go AND the sceptics have to have been able to present a lasting , viable and solid alternative from the start , which is blatantly not the case .
Roland , Nantes , France , British ex-pat
One of the greatest gifts of science is to constantly question .
Nothing is ever absolutely true .
We have only theories .
Good enough only until they are disproved by a weight of evidence .
Evolution is also " just a theory " supported by all currently observable evidence .
One could spend days , weeks , months reading all of the available evidence and all of the expert viewpoints on Climate Change .
Perhaps this would all make for great TV ?
Endless debates are certainly Reality .
Be sceptical of any scientist who claims that Climate Change is absolutely true .
Be equally sceptical of someone who claims that buying stuff is your patriotic duty !
So given that we will absolutely never know if Climate Change is completely true , what should one do ?
Sit at home reading until one is entirely surrounded by water ?
or not ...
It seems to me that there is sound logic in wanting less and consuming less :
1 . There will be more people on the planet tomorrow than there were today .
Never in the history of our planet have tomorrow 's number of people attempted to live on earth at the same time .
2 . We are sitting on a finite amount of water and , to a certain extent , soil .
3 . We all have an impact on the environment by our very existence .
After all , why feel guilty for enjoying ourselves while we are here ?
4 . Given an increasing population and finite resources , attempting to pollute less would seem logical 5 .
We could all pollute less by consuming less stuff .
When keeping up with the Joneses , why are the Joneses always the ones with more than us ?
Why do n't we keep up with the people who have less than us ?
This is not to naively suggest that poverty is happiness and equally naive would be to suggest that having more makes you happy .
Have a great year ahead of wanting less and consuming less .
Mark Heffernan , Oxfordshire , UK Climate change is not only a issue between sellers and buyers of CO2 .
I t has become a political and social issues .
Therefore , climate change talk need to address the issues of social and political justices .
suvas chandra devkota , Kathmandu
Not twenty years ago , these same scientists were telling us we were heading for the next ice age .
Where is the credibility of these people .
Its just job and publicity , bandstand seeking .
The earth has been dramatically changing climate for far longer than man has been here and will continue to do so long after we have died out .
pdeitch , PB , Germany I think from the bulk of comments above and elsewhere , most people will not think , only indulge in playground abuse .
If CRU are right , the effect of global warming is likely to reduce the world human population to one billion in 2100 and much less thereafter .
If CRU are wrong , the sort of people posting here will find some other way of finishing us off .
If only the bright survive then there may still be a future for humanity .
If there is not a large improvement in intelligence compared to what we see above , humanity does not deserve a future .
stabreim , Sheffield Could it be that global climate is still too complex for science ?
Could we be facing both Natural and manmade global warming ?
I feel that few are convince by evidence , rather thet are swayed by emotions and inclination .
If you are happy go lucky guy , you need a lot of convincing before you believe in climate change as it would mean inconveniences .
If you are a fearull type , you would be afraid of the what - if and more likely to take precautions .
Hans Dreisig , Almaty , Kazakhstan
You talk of your scientific consensus , well we have a consensus too , and it is growing very rapidly .
The Copenhagen meeting will have global consequences and we also live on this globe .
Democracy is really about individuals as the Swiss understand very well .
There is a small group of men who seem to have been misinformed , deliberately , are about to commit me to things that have n't been discussed adequately amongst all those affected .
Let 's have the raw data out in the public view .
Lots of these denizens on here have got interesting and sensible things to say .
Several of them claim to be in a position to analyze it as rigerously as Prof Jones if not moreso .
There may well be a large minority who are unable or unwilling to understand the debate , the big rest of us want to understand this whole thing better .
I have been involved in a very active political debate on - line for the last four years and when the fight gets down to faith that 's the side picked clean looking for justification for the faith .
It 's always faith based on some rickety construction which is quickly knocked down but the faith always lingers and the debate goes on .
Science is n't faith .
Every stance taken is measurable and it lives or dies on reproducibility .
Then science stands on that truth and tries to climb higher .
Strongly held views are demolished by physical proof , never by debates .
let 's have millions of people involved proving or disproving .
Some big science work , like CERN , is hooked up to a few thousand computers each handling a discreet set of tasks .
SETI combined the processing power and flexibility of millions of small personal computers to examine radio waves from space , statistically .
In my opinion the more science affects people directly and involuntarily the more opportunities for involvement they should have .
It will also make it much more likely for the true science to get done , and quickly .
Cancel Copenhagen and lets get the whole Internet working on this problem using the source data freely .
Encourage every country in the world to share it 's complete climate data and when the work is done as to speed , effect and cause then get together and agree a way forward .
At least we wo n't have to go on being treated as " other ranks " by the scientific " officers " .
thethinkingman , Harare , Zimbabwe
While making scientific knowledge publically accessible is a laudable goal , in such a politically - charged area as climate change , I can foresee demands being made that all research had to be published in language that even the most uneducatd can understand .
A certain balance is needed , between scientists ' uncomprimised ability to perform science , and the public 's scrutiny of and involvemetn with said science .
Neither absolute is a laudable goal .
Andrew , Glasgow , UK I read this article with a degree of amusement and sadness ; the author seems to have no idea how hard scientists try to interact with the public and how dearly we wish it was as simple as ' show your data ' , which all scientists do anyway .
The problem is more deep - seated than that ; many people have zero knowledge of critical reasoning , and the finer points of investigation is lost on many .
As if this were n't enough , most people seem passionately disinterested in science , unless some ' critic ' stirs up a storm in a tea cup ; you can show people all the evidence you want , and they still wo n't believe it and that is entirely disheartening .
I recall watching Dawkins debate with a creationist and her ignoring every fossil he showed her !
This debate is the exact same ; the reason scientists worry about climate change is that the data suggests it ; if the data stopped suggesting it , we 'd change our minds in an instant .
The general public would n't .
Poor media understanding of science is to blame here , and suggestions that science is somehow an elitest secret club where evidence is hidden is pure bunk .
David Robert Grimes , Dublin Perhaps what many people do n't realize is that science never definitively " proves " a theory .
( I will exclude mathematics here , which proves theorems and not theories anyway . )
It merely formulates probable theories from observations .
Global warming due to human activity is just another theory well supported by evidence .
It is very probably true , but there is always the possibility that it is actually wrong .
Those who think that it ( or any other commonly accepted scientific theory ) cannot possibly be false , as well as those who think that it cannot possibly be true , need to be more open - minded .
Isabel , Sydney , Australia Note to self :
Way to discredit scientific work that damages my product 's profitability or happens to be inconvenient generally :
Find a scientist who can be said to be " corrupted " , fund the hacking of his / her email and attach - gate to it .
Now that 's what I call a scientific discovery !
Jeff , Toronto , Canada
But the general public is largely neither scientifically educated nor capable of critical thinking , as the majority belief in a wide swathe of twaddle from creationism to astrology , fork - bending , the 9/11 conspiracy and the 2012 ' cataclysm ' demonstrates .
It cannot ' follow and argument ' nor spot evasion .
Bob Couttie , Olongapo , Philippines Global warming is a particular difficult science because of the vast sums being spent by vested interests in fossil fuels to encourage doubt in the results .
We need a windfall tax on fossil fuel companies to fund public education .
Malcolm , UK
The current state of science is not so far from the ideal put forward here .
Scientific results already are open to the general public .
Papers published in journals are not certified as true , they are being published for discussion by all parties able to contribute .
Raphael Sofaer , NYC NY , US All scientifically collected raw data should be freely available and published in a way that all scientists can access and use the data .
By restricting access to raw data there is a control over how the data is used and scientists outside the group have to negotiate the access to data .
If the group controlling the data does not like a point of view they deny access to the data and the collected data can not be used in a scientific publication .
This problem exists outside of climate change and is found whenever there is raw data from experiments .
( But global warming is occurring and there is a great deal of information to support that )
Publish all raw data and make it open to others .
Colleen , Bethelehm , PA US Climate control is a shared responsibility , the recent incident has been much more effective than all the critics of global warming in discrediting the theories of the change supporters .
Program of major importance such as the Human Genome project or Climate Change should be managed in an open manner .
Raw data set should be made publicly available via the internet ( I believe this is the case for the Human Genome ) to allow anyone to perform their own analysis , as this is now easily done using cloud computing ( one can rent a server at $ 0.85 / hour ) with an obligation to disclose on demand the results of their calculations .
Given the situation , I believe the East Anglia team has no other choice than to open their books and submit their work to the scrutiny of the public .
Jerome Denis , Austin Texas
These guys live in some alternate reality .
Scientists , journalists and policy advocates , Gore , IPCC , journals Science Nature and all the climate ones , as well as bloggers , have been communicating and trying to figure out how to communicate with non-scientists FOR .EVER .
This article completely ignores these efforts , as well as the multimillion dollar opposing propaganda campaigns by the oil companies , and the lack of executive leadership - by GW Bush - for instance .
I 'm not sure whether the emails will do damage , but their straw man here are scientist , and the article is infuriating in its misconceptualization of the problem .
If there is a problem its that some scientists , and I do n't use the derogatory " Ivory Tower " label too often since I work at a University , are only engaged when it comes to prognosticating the problems afterwords in overly wordy philosophical ditherings that ignore very strong evidence contrary to their argument .
Jess , USA
This article is a step in the right direction , however , to go further , the evidence now disclosed appears to implicate and undermine the entire basis upon which Anthopological Global Warming ( AGW ) was founded .
There should be no action taken until the case for AGW is proven beyond a reasonable doubt .
The Copenhagen summit should be disbanded immediately .
Jason , Colchester , England
What rubbish .
' Post modern scince ' as you call it is abhorent in its very nature and all who practise this form of scince are racing towards a wake up call comparable to the french revolution .
And please do n't get me started on your sly web 2.0 comment .
We are awake and we are growing .
graham kelly , Waterford , Irelamd
If ever there was a time of great need for newspapers , and other news outlets , to step up to the line , take proper responsibility , and start taking real CARE over what they publish ( like scientists normally do ) , then that time is NOW passing us by , and pretty quickish too .
Judging by many of the comments above , they are failing , worse than miserably , in their duty to disseminate accurate and useful information to the populations of the world .
I for one do not believe that the editors of newspapers like this one are literally stupid enough ( sorry , but it MUST be said - PLEASE do not delete this - it is not ' merely ' rude ! ) to not understand the stakes , and what we must do to avert the demise of the human race ( or most of it ) .
So I have to wonder who pays them for the work they do .
I tend to think it is n't just the owners of the newspapers who pays their way through life .
And Exxon - Mobil comes to mind , as it probably should .
Tim , Winnipeg , Canada
This article amplifies a number of misunderstandings and distortions while failing to clarify the role of toxic PR in this matter .
There is no ' scientific debate ' about the causes , facts and implications of climate warming .
This science is as incontrovertible as the evidence of any reasonable persons senses ... floods , wildfires and extreme weather events are changing our landscapes before our own eyes and these are all global warming phenomena !
The hacking episode being discussed was part of an absurdly selective extraction of minor presentational discussions .
what it demonstrates is how far so - called ' sceptics ' will go to create doubt about climate science in the in the public perception .
These people are well - funded professionals in manipulative PR , playing with the public 's human tendency towards denial , ie , their psychological defence mechanisms .
The usual nonscientific suspects like Lawson etc pile on to amplify the PR strategy .
We are seeing a sophisticated effort in social engineering , not a debate .
Your article fails to educate anyone about the fossil fuel industry 's lavishly funded PR campaigns in the UK and the US to manufacture doubt about genuine science .
Sir David King has written : " Human activity is to blame for the rise in temperature over recent decades , and will be responsible for more changes in the future ...
If anybody tells you differently , they either have a vested interest in ignoring the scientific arguments or they are fools . "
Dr John Stanley , Galway , Ireland
Thank you for telling people about the impacts that Climategate should have on scientific processes .
I am ashamed of being danish ; Copenhagen will always be remembered as the city in which political agreements were build on a lie ...
Niels Jakobsen , Aarhus , Denmark
This is just not good enough in my humble opinion .
It is no more than beautifully written waffle .
Consensus has no place in science .
If you set up the achievement of consensus as a principle objective of science you are in effect mandating exactly the sort of incestuous relationship between author and reviewer which we have witnessed in the climate change fraud which has taken place over many years at the University of East Anglia and moreover you render legitimate the ostracising of non-conforming researchers as we have also seen in this case .
There is simply no other way to reach consensus where no consensus exists .
Science is not science which eschews the Scientific Method .
Climatology is too young a field of enquiry to merit the term ' settled . '
Too little is understood as yet and that is why there is so much angry dissent .
The results of climatological predictions must never form the basis of national policy .
Perhaps in a generation or two we will understand more .
Who knows ?
D Horton , Reading UK
The peer review process is not working .
A better process should resemble the us supreme court mode .
A majority opinion documented with different opinions allowed , documented and signed .
I was doing graduate research at Unv KS when a Prof. admitted to me that as a reviewer for a Journal he rejected all papers done by a graduate student who 's advisor was a disliked rival of his .
So what 's new ...
D. V. MATHUSZ , TACOMA WA USA Interesting paper , written by scientists in scientific jargon , much like politicians who talk in " politico talk " ie much said little done .
However , I agree mostly with John , from Liverpool .
The " old school methods of scientific review " may not be appropriate in today 's world .
As John points out , PhD's as an academic qualification , are obtained by doing research in a very limited ( almost microscopic ) region of science .
Putting this in perspective , it 's like saying " I know a hell of a lot about this speck of sand I found on the beach but I know nothing about all the other specks of sand ! "
What I have just said is , of course , heresy in the revered Land of Academia .
But let the brand new PhD step outside the confines of a laboratory into the cold hard world of industry and it frequently becomes a whole new learning curve for them .
Science , in the " old world " was all about " certainty " .
Does this do that or does it not ?
Is it black or is it white ?
But life is not always that simple .
Are tomatoes safe to eat ?
For most people , the answer is yes but some people have an allergy and to them eating tomatoes can have serious side effects .
So today , out in that big cold hard wide world , we often find ourselves in the area of " uncertainty " .
Many veterans from the Vietnam War are suffering from strange medical symptoms ( fact ) .
Are these symptoms due to their exposure to Agent Orange ?
Probably , ( or possibly ) but regrettably we cannot prove it either way with certainty .
More and more today we are obliged to work in the area of Risk Management ( see recent article from Dr Stern on the BBC website ) because it is impossible to prove certainty in so many areas .
Sorry if this offends pure scientists but that 's the way it is in the " real " world outside the laboratory .
Risk Management is based on Probability rather than Provability and if we remember the IPCC report quoted ( somewhat paraphrased ! ) ...
" In their opinion , based on the data available , there is greater than 90 % probability that mankind 's activities , particularly in the last 150 years are having an adverse effect on the atmosphere which if unabated will lead to catastrophic climate change . "
Despite this assessment being around for more than 18 years ( first report in 1990 ) , no scientist or group of scientists have come up with sufficient information ( note .. does n't have to be " certainty " orientated !
They just need to demonstrate that the probability is greater for natural effects to be causing the observed effects ) to enable decision makers to develop different policies .
And so Copenhagen will go ahead with or without " Climategate " .
Mike Perkins , Whangarei , New zealand
How can this be " the final nail in the coffin of the [ AGW ] coffin ? "
Since when has the work of the CRU been so foundational to the AGW consensus ?
What a lot of overblown , hyperbolic nonsense !
Did the Piltdown Man hoax topple the whole edifice of evolutionary biology ?
Does any isolated example of bad science ever discredit the entire field ?
Nobody with any serious grasp of the facts will be duped by this ridiculous smear campaign .
It has taken nearly a century for consensus to form , and there is now a vast body of highly scrutinized research .
For all this evidence to be undermined , you would have to discredit tens of thousands of scientists , and hundreds of thousands of studies and papers !
Just how do a few poorly - worded emails among one small group of scientists come even remotely close to doing that ?
How , for example , does this incident cast doubt on the findings from satellite data , radiosondes , borehole analysis , glacial melt observations , sea ice melt , sea level rise , proxy reconstructions , permafrost melt and such like , gathered completely independently of the CRU ?
How does it in any way throw doubt on the integrity of the many other , independent scientific bodies who support the AGW consensus ?
Here is a list of just a few of them : Academia Brasiliera de Ciências ( Bazil ) Royal Society of Canada Chinese Academy of SciencesAcademié des Sciences ( France ) Deutsche Akademie der Naturforscher Leopoldina ( Germany ) Indian National Science Academy Accademia dei Lincei ( Italy ) Science Council of Japan Russian Academy of Sciences Royal Society ( United Kingdom ) National Academy of Sciences ( United States of America ) Australian Academy of Sciences Royal Flemish Academy of Belgium for Sciences and the Arts Caribbean Academy of Sciences Indonesian Academy of Sciences Royal Irish Academy Academy of Sciences Malaysia Academy Council of the Royal Society of New Zealand Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences " Even if the average global temperature increases by only 2C  the target set for next week 's Copenhagen summit  sea levels could still rise by 50 cm , double previous forecasts , according to the report ... SCAR , a partnership of 35 of the world 's leading climate research institutions , made the prediction in the report Antarctic Climate Change and Climate ... "
http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/environment/article6938356.ece
You people need a serious reality check !
Regards , P .
Manapatra , Derby , Derbyshire , United Kingdom
Oh , poppycock - the scientific method , as laid out by Roger Bacon nearly 800 years ago , is based upon reason and is not invalidated by changing political fashions .
The problem I have with the material leaked / stolen from the CRU last week is not with the e-mails .
These simply demonstrate that scientists are human , and become attached to their conclusions .
The real killer is a file called HARRY_READ_ME.txt , which documents the 3 - year struggle of a programmer to try to make sense of a confusing mass of data from thousands of weather reporting stations all over the globe , covering more than 100 years .
It should be clear to any computer - science graduate reading this document ( caution - it 's 15,000 lines long ! ) firstly , that there are severe problems with the data on which CRU 's conclusions about historical global temperature are based , and secondly , that their approach to processing this data is so amateurish that the output should not be trusted .
Despite this , it seems that the CRU 's conclusions based on this data will inform decisions involving billions of dollars at Copenhagen .
" Peer review " should mean that every part of the data and methodology is subject to scrutiny by other experts - this means that all program code should be examined and tested by skilled programmers , not just taken on trust by other climatologists .
Mark Barratt , Budapest , Hungary
We do not need to democratize science .
We need to de-politicize it .
The Scientific Method has always required that theories be tested and validated through repeatable experimentation .
" Climate Science " does not follow the scientific method .
In any other scientific field , data manipulation and " made up " computer code would result in censure , not Nobel prizes .
When the theories ( based on made up models ) do not correspond with the data ( 10 years of steady / declining temperatures ) , real scientists would question the theory .
They would not claim a travesty .
Real scientists embrace scepticism .
They do not attempt to silence it .
Real Scientists look for explanations of discrepancies .
They do not claim " concensus " whilst fiddling the data .
The behavior of the Climate Science community demonstrates the worst effects of mixing politics and science .
Get the politics out of science !
Andrew Vickers , Philadelphia , USA I would like to specifically address the point " And to be empowered for use in public deliberation and policy - making , knowledge must be fully exposed to the proliferating new communication media by which such extended peer scrutiny takes place " .
I believe we should be looking to the high - tech industry for guidance .
The classic scenario is a team of software engineers , whose mindset is locked in those of academia , where for example failure is a success in that one gained knowledge from the failure .
Then there is the business executive tasked with managing those engineers , with a lack of technical expertise , so much so that they often cannot communicate clearly with their engineers .
In business failure is very much not deemed a success .
So how is this often resolved in these work environments ?
Usually not very well .
Interestingly there seem to be a small group of people I think of as generalists , possessing enough knowledge to converse with and understand the engineers , and able to interpret that information in a form that business executives can understand .
Mock me if you will , but I would assert that someone like Jared Diamond is an outstanding example of a generalist .
Scientists must be allowed to work as scientists , it is really quite effective .
Due to the nature of their work they are almost always by definition horrible at communicating with the rest of humanity .
The right answer is not to change scientists , the right answer is to find a way to bridge the gap .
Steve Frost , Astoria , Oregon , USA Interesting article .
I would add that we should be careful not to go to the other extreme and bind up science in so much red tape that it cannot be free and creative as is needed for innovation .
Also I 'd look more at the way governments and business use science as a tool for promoting their agendas .
IMO this is what corrupts science and looses respect in the public eye more than anything else as ClimateGate appears to indicate .
Tim Jenvey , San Francisco , USA I would agree that scientists , working on behalf of the human race , should make public their workings and share their data , before rushing towards publishing their conclusions .
Although the authors addressed the closing of the stable door , they failed to address what to do about the run-away horse .
From my reading of the data , - released to the internet from CRU - , not only was the information not shared with others , it appears that it is not as accurate as some at the IPCC believe it to be .
It also looks like the results could not be recreated by another lab , - and here was me , ( a mere mortal ) , thinking that that was the science part !-.
If indeed this is the case , then surely the information passed on to Governments around the globe is as risk of being , - at least - , flawed ?
pete .
PeteH , East Kilbride
What a lot of piffle this article is .
" Post - normal science " - utter rubbish .
If science was a matter of the consensus , we would still be living on a flat earth and the sun would revolve around us .
What " Climategate " shows is that there is at least one sphere of science that has started down the track of being politicised and democratised .
Those at the centre of this new science have an hypothesis that they will prove come - what - may and " no correspondence will be entered into " .
It shows that we need to return to a more objective scientific methodology .
Those in CRU and their collaborators who have perverted science should be called to account .
( They will find their talents will be well suited to their future careers in fiction writing ) .
We also need a media that is more versed in science matters and not so gullible as to report everything they are told .
Grant , NZ Compliments to the authors , although I am not sure they really said anything that was not fully understood by most scientists before .
One thing not addressed is the hubris that enters many scientific endeavors , and scientists are not immune to pride and deception , even self - deception .
I would submit that the idea of " experts " in any discipline must be guarded , whether scientific or otherwise .
We are now engaged in a prolonged recession because of " experts " who controlled the finances .
The scientists at IPCC exhibit the same kind of hubris .
Scientists , politicians , businessmen , physicians , and others at every level believe that since they have a modicum of learning they are now experts .
Having been there and struggling myself with godhood , a measure of humility is in order .
Michael Chandler , St. George , Utah , USA
My first reaction was pleasure , at last the BBC were , rather belatedly , giving some coverage to what is probably the most important news item in the environmental field this year .
My second thought was equally warm ; your two authors recognised , if fitfully , that there was something rotten in the state of climate change .
( Though I fear that this will all be well buried under the floorboards in the state of Denmark next week . )
However as I read on my enthusiasm was blunted .
Professors Hulme and Ravetz seem keen to turn this into a polite drawing room discussion on the benefits of a relativist approach to science .
What they are really witnessing , and I fear I must offend their sensibilities in saying this , is the opening round of a bare knuckle fight .
The sceptics and , to a degree , some members of the public are not roused because they suspect the CRU at East Anglia has failed to make a " more concerted effort to explain and engage the public in understanding the processes and practices of science and scientists . "
Would that the alleged sin were so venial .
No , the sceptics and members of the public are accusing scientists at East Anglia , and some of their American associates , of falsifying evidence , avoiding proper scrutiny and hamstringing their professional opponents in defence of their thesis .
( Perhaps now more properly relegated to a hypothesis . )
Moreover the public are aware that this dispute has consequences well beyond the Groves of Academe .
If the hypothesis prevails then both American and British tax payers will see their energy bills increase by significant amounts .
The changes will not stop there .
This is a game being played for very high stakes ( to change my sporting metaphor ) .
The team from East Anglia has been accused of dealing from a marked deck .
They , no doubt , reject these charges , Whichever way it goes we are not in a drawing room discussion on the merits of Kuhn and Popper .
David Petch , London United Kingdom
The most obvious lesson of the recent hacking episode is that scientists whose work is in the public eye must treat all emails as public communication .
Voice communication for anything of a private nature .
This has been the situation for some time in government agencies whose emails are subject to Freedom of Information requests .
There 's plenty of precedent for handling politicized science , particularly in the realm of tobacco and healthy or unhealthy food .
I suspect that tobacco researchers can quickly bring climate scientists up to date on dealing with controversy , real or contrived .
David Martin , Vero Beach , Florida
The scandal is not in the emails .
I agree that they could have been taken out of context .
The real scandal is in the programs used to come up with the projections .
Assuming the leaked program source code is real - well then - I 'm astonished that it could possibly have been used to predict , well , anything .
I say that as a computer scientist with at least as many qualifications as any climate scientist .
Could it be that my counterparts in climate science have completely blown their research by not following fundamental principles ?
Looking at the , now infamous , harry_read_me file , it seems that it is possible , even likely .
If so , I am very disappointed to say the least ...
Dr Paul , Bristol as we have seen , occasionally scientists are just as stupid as any other human .
And then the truth comes out .
Yep , get all indignant , but skewed numbers on a page still can't contradict the melting of glaciers , ice caps , and observed change of climate .
andrea , harrisburg , USA
There is an important backstory to ClimateGate .
It can be summarized as : " Doubt is our product , " a cigarette executive once observed , " since it is the best means of competing with the ' body of fact ' that exists in the minds of the general public .
It is also the means of establishing a controversy . "
Brian Crounse , Concord , MA , USA
We need less political and social interference in science , not more .
Climategate simply proves that things go horribly wrong when politics starts meddling with science - just like all projects where politicians get involved .
They invariably turn into disasters .
In this case an extremely expensive disaster , quite possibly the most costly disaster in the history of mankind .
Lord Monckton was completely right - see his brilliant remarks on youtube .
Andre , Manila , Philippines
It is now commonly known there exists a multi-million pound slush fund to promote oil based industies .
It is used to poke holes in the inexorable mountain of evidence of oil created environmental catastrophes by 99 % of engaged , independent scientists .
Dis-information , the old weapon of the corporations being weilded as blatantly as WMD .
Are we going to fall for it again ?
Keep the focus .
Who benefits from climategate ?
Who would come up with a name like that ?
Think about it !
Sacha , London Excellent article .
Two thoughts : ( a ) many people in the public accept the knowledge of facts and shorter term reactions , but reject the deeper level work that ties these together because it is ' just a theory ' ( b ) they do this because this is the first major situation in our civilisation where science is moving from something that informs and enables to something that limits , and they do n't like it .
When something is inconvenient , the standard of proof goes up a couple of orders of magnitude .
Our reaction as a civilisation to beginning to collide with the limits of our environment will determine our pathway through the Fermi Paradox .
David Ayre , Nelson , New Zealand
This article actually makes me angry .
Science is not a debating sport .
It is a totally one sided debate , you are either right , or you are wrong .
Yes , you can debate which parts are right , but at the end of the day , one truth wins .
There is no gray .
The concept of Post Normal Science is like mixing media studies with quantum physics where everyone has an opinion , and everyone is right - it do n't work , and it can't work .
The only reason Climategate is in the news is because it has proved that legitimate policy is based on fraudulent science - and perhaps , more importantly , the facts were found to match the requirement for the policy .
It only takes looking at the original IPCC report from 1990 and comparing the data in the latest one to see that what these ' scientists ' did was change historical fact to make the future they wanted .
That is not science - that is just creative writing .
If this article is proposing that the future is make believe science , then the days of enlightenment are well and truly over .
Oli Rhys , Flintshire The Climate Change theory may or may not be total nonsense , but much of the political propaganda it engenders is .
The corrupting influence of politics is the driving force behind the falsification of data we are seeing .
This is not the first instance of data manipulation we have seen nor is it likely to be the last .
Even studies which fail to support the Climate Change hypothesis give lip service to it .
You can't get funding if you do n't .
A cynical person might note the neat way that this theory fits with environmentalist ideology and how readily it translates into a scheme to give politicians more power .
Michael Kelley , Mercer Island , WA USA
Through school and university every teacher and lecturer asks the student for the workings out to show how they reached an answer , whether the answer is wrong or right .
As a consumer of " climate information " I want accurate information before an opinion is formed .
The jury is still out ....
Stephen Evans , Banbury
As a climate scientist myself , I think the concept being spread around as a result of these hacked emails that a small group of scientists could have distorted the data so as to mislead the world is ridiculous .
Several other groups are producing similar data sets from different sources .
The IPCC involves a huge number of scientists , most of whom are arguing with one another quite vigorously much of the time .
Science involves many groups of people testing each others ' results continuously .
Scientists would love for politicians to stop politicizing climate science .
We scientists want to be allowed to do our jobs and talk about our results without having to appease politicians or the politicized public .
I think the only thing to come of this will be an increased appreciation that email is not private communication .
At my institution in the US we know that our email may be monitored , subpaena - ed etc .
If you want to say something rude about a colleague you do n't like , you say it in person , not by email .
Maybe the other thing that will come out of this is that European meteorological agencies will finally make their data public domain , as it should be .
Otherwise , I predict that any investigation which reveal no need to change any scientific conclusions .
Only a need to be more careful how you phrase your opinions in email .
I would no more want the public deciding what is and is n't good science than I would want my mechanic performing heart surgery on me .
sonya , British living in US
The problem with climate change science is it relies on naive inductivism rather than the method of hypothesis .
Look it up .
Jeremy Bowman , Cork , Ireland
The actual practice of science involves many hidden agendas , mis-steps and even corrupt bias , through the processes of ego and insatiable greed for status , power and financial gain .
These are part of the human condition .
Even the pillars of moral authority like " the church " and " the law " can fall foul of these common behaviours .
The prevailing mainstream arguments are focused on two stupid ideas , as expressed by John Knight .
" global warming " and " climate change " are mega ambiguous abstract terms and tell us nothing Pause .
The crucial question is ARE WE HUMANS DAMAGING THE PLANET , ITS SYSTEMS AND CYCLES ?..... or not ?
The answer is obviously yes .
This then is the situation upon which we ought , instead , to focus .
This view demands contributions from a multitude of disciplines and thinkers as well as the " common man " .... all blended with transparency , wisdom , balance , justice for the environment , examination of moral values , common agreement on ethical standards and common sense .
We would be well advised not to place confidence in , and rely on , the directions given us by exclusive decision makers namely : politicians , entrepreneurs , financiers , model makers and climate scientists .
Joffa Powys , Woolgoolga Australia
Anyone involved in government - funded " science " in the US is aware that it is NOT true science but rather a " product " that is sought .
Programs are laid out in marketing terms ... products are developed to be sold and tailored for different markets .
Data manipulation is only one aspect of massaging the science and in the case of Climate - gate this manipulation was exposed .
In general , limitations are placed on the extent of the data that will be monitored .
If for instance you can monitor data from A to Z , you will be directed to only consider data from say A through M and omit data from source C and F .
This data discrimination would not be exposed by Climate - gate style leaks .
Government science is bad science .
One must conclude that ANY science presented by the government is manipulated and contains a political component .
It 's nice to talk about full disclosure and pure science , but that is n't the world we live in .
Michael S. Copley , Milbridge USA
This article is a lot of waffle that slips in the conclusion that we should accept the status quo in climatology , and maybe think about changing things in the future .
Despite the title of " Show your working " , there is no sign that the authors think that Copenhagen , the IPCC and all the rest of the global warming industry should immediately be put on hold , while the corruption at its heart is rooted out .
Freddy , London
It fills me with dread and despair , that the BBC would publish such content - devoid , psycho - babble nonsense .
I agree with the comments by John Knight , Bob W , and M.McClure ... science has NOT changed since the 1960s .
Clean research with repeatable results is not dependent on society 's whim or " approval , " in any way , now or ever .
Alan Sokal and Jean Bricmont would have a field day with this article .
It is a classic example of intellectual imposture .
Al Lewis , Belleville , IL , USA I believe that scientist in today 's environment have a difficult task ahead of them .
With more and more information at the publics finger tips they will be hard pressed to keep things under wraps .
I do not believe they should have a peer review from ordinary citizens .
However they should have cross peer review from other scientists that may not have there same belief but have open minds to new ideas .
That is the only way we will have scientific truth .
George Gibson , Ocala , Florida USA #
To be validated , knowledge must also be subject to the scrutiny of an extended community of citizens who have legitimate stakes in the significance of what is being claimed #
And to be empowered for use in public deliberation and policy - making , knowledge must be fully exposed to the proliferating new communication media by which such extended peer scrutiny takes place .
The authors are clearly not scientists , as no honest scientist would claim this to be a good idea of what science means .
To be validated , knowledge only needs to represent the reality around us correctly , regardless of who has stakes where .
If you make a claim about reality it will either be true of false ( assuming it 's a meaningful assertion to make ) and that status is independent of its consequences to the general public .
Regarding the second point , I 'm all for educating the public in all matters relevant for their lives ( such as by communication media ) .
But I disagree the public 's feedback should be relevant for science making .
It should however be relevant for policy making , of course .
This is a different way of saying that the public should be allowed to decide about their society , but at the same time having a large number of people saying a lie wo n't make it a truth .
I really do n't think ClimateGate will influence the way of doing science at all , because what does guys were doing was n't science to begin with .
They were lying to the public , stealing from the funding entities and as if that was n't enough , tax evading .
John Appster , Spain Scientist has a deep and profound moral obligation to society especially when they affect the lives of millions of people .
I am ashamed for this people , a sad day for science .
jca , Irving Texas USA
Why is so much money ( around $ 80 bn a year is it ? ) being spent researching something of which , realistically , there is no hope of modelling accurately anytime soon .
The fact that the research has been so shockingly unscientific ( deleting original data should be unthinkable to any proper scientist ) just adds salt to the wound .
Perhaps the money and time would be better spent in research and development of renewable sources of energy ?
Regardless of if someone accepts man made global warming or not , conventional fuels will not last much longer , even uranium resources will be used rapidly as countries shift to nuclear power .
James B , Bristol I strongly second the point raised by Malcolm McClure .
It is now time for open and honest debate - let 's see what the two camps have to say and let 's see how each answers the claims of the opposing camp .
We never ever get to see a proper debate ( and generally on the BBC , we only ever get a one sided view ) .
I believe Lord Monckton , for example , makes clear and compelling statements and we should be able to listen to what he has to say .
How can anybody reach an informed decision if the arguments are never presented properly and the case never open to scrutiny .
Why can we not have this open debate ?
Perhaps the BBC knows why , but I certainly do n't .
John Catley , Bristol UK
The scientific process has not changed , integrity has not changed but people constantly must be on guard for manipulation of science and / or integrity .
I agree with the statement above indicating that some scientists are corrupted by funding sources ; and this is not new or unusual in any scientific field .
All people would be well served by adhering to the " 4 - way test " promulgated by Rotary International for all we think , say or do .
1 .Is it the truth ?
2 . Is it fair to all concerned ?
3 . Will it build goodwill and better friendships ?
4 . Will it be beneficial to all concerned ?
We deserve the best , not only from science but from each other .
Tim Gust , Ph.D. , Los Angeles , CA , USA Interesting redirect of the situation .
Instead of looking at the misuse of data to make money for lobbyists ( politics ) , the science community is being blamed for not reviewing their own work .
There have been many scientists that have said the data was not presented accurately , but none of that has been reported on .
Lord Monckton tried to talk about this issue , what happened to that ?
Is Al Gore a scientist ?
How is it that he would get more press for his views ?
Hackers usually try to expose the establishment 's deceptions , just as they have done here .
Hackers do not get paid to show the truth .
How many people have been paid to hide the truth ?
Science is thinking .
Maybe we should do that more often .
randy johnson , thousand oaks , USA
It 's not about ownership it's about openness of communication and integrity of information and leadership .
At the base of all inquiry needs to be a balance of scientific inquiry , subjective reasoning intuition and humanities emotional intelligence .
I believe this is to paramount for society moving forward .
Lack of integrity drives fear , which drives a flight or flight response ...
If we use out dated methods of communicating based upon power , ego , money , IP , in this highly complex world it is deemed to fail , because the boundaries of are transparent , the system is more aware than the practice of communication being used ... this we experience as lack of integrity , even if the initial intention was purposeful .
Stricter laws need to be enforced into a " Global Integrity of Information Act " that needs to be the bases of leadership , politics , business , science , society etc .
Greater Governance needs to be ensured around the Integrity of Information , business practices and their effects on humanity .
Shareholders need to be made accountable for the businesses they invest in , if a business polutes the shareholder needs to be aware that he is the investor and he is liable to prosecution , this way individuals will start to invest in humanity minded businesses .
Leaders need to start leading with integrity even if it 's vulnerable for them to do so , start sharing what they know versus what they think can be shared , after all they are voted by most to be in the positions they hold .
The time is for real openness with conversations between leaders and people , irrelevant of how hard the conversations are .
The fear is only causing more dysfunctionality in society that perpetuates the problems , once open , solutions are more readily found .
Marc West , Horsham West Sussex
What is left out of the article is the billions in public funds that go to " prove " man -made global warming .
What has been exposed is an oligarchy , wallowing in tax - payer funds .
Science is authenticated by reproducible results , a point missing in the article .
If data and programs are kept secret , this is not possible .
There is no other conclusion except to believe that it is science in the service of the state .
Its scientific precedent is Lysenko and his efforts to find data to " prove " a politically acceptable result .
Or an extreme example , the extermination of an undesirable race .
Shame on scientists , and the Nobel Committee as well to validate this bogus science by giving it recognition .
Munawar Karim , Rochester , NY I am distributing this article and the blog comments to all philosophy courses in my college teaching ' knowledges ' and general epistemology .
The subject is here shown in its proper proportions as a contentious issue of modern life and not just as part of Aristotle 's " Metaphysics " .
David Alexander MITCHELL , Montreal , Quebec
No , I do not agree with the article .
It seems to be portraying those exposed by Climategate as victims of the modern internet world .
We already have strong principles on how scientific ideas should develop - through peer review , openess with data and methods , and proper debate .
Scientists are only human , so many will have one - sided views and look for less than totally honest ways to discredit their oponents .
However , when they are found out , the problems need to be addressed ( eg. as with MPs expenses ) , not swept under the carpet , as is being attempted by many scientists and media outlets with regard to Climategate .
Also , the idea of public review of science is ridiculous .
Would we ask the public to diagnose a sick patient , or decide on the valditiy of the Big Bang theory ?
Twells , Brussels
The problem with this article is that it applies issues inherent to the so - called social sciences to the natural sciences .
With respect to climate change , this process means distinguishing the somewhat narrow facts that natural science has discovered from the larger educated guess that belongs to the realm of policy : global warming will cost such to some people ; the current trajectory MUST be anthropogenic , specifically carbon - based ; and so on .
What thoughtful citizens and policy - makers alike desire is that " science " spell out what we know for certain and what we statistically can predict reasonably might result .
The current state of knowledge relies so heavily on models precisely because it will take another several hundred years to scientifically confirm that the past century of warming is part of a larger multi-century cycle .
The larger conclusion is an abductive ( burden - of - proof ) argument based on combining many different trends into a coherent framework , which is where the interpretation comes in .
What " ClimateGate " has exposed is that many scientists do not trust other fields to make decisions based on science , which is why they want to provide interpretation that crosses into economics , politics , sociology , and other fields .
As an academic in the humanities , I am skeptical about the ability of most of these natural scientists to fully grasp the nuances of policy - let alone ethics - that their research raise .
The recent e-mails show an undue emotional investment in the interpretation of many data series that goes beyond academic interest in modeling the processes of the natural world .
Of course , academics too often " own " their work , but objectivity is far from passe .
A text is historically bounded , not simply what I would like it to mean ( pace Fish ) .
Polling data can imply certain attitudes within a culture and not others .
Data series may fit one model of interpretation better than others , but it does not make model true , only more likely to a greater or lesser extent .
Scientists should stick to ascertaining the verifiability of natural processes and leave policy to a wider sphere of discussion .
Trying to head off inquiry into their data exposes bad scientists at work .
Jim , Baltimore , USA
Oh dear - no we do n't need any more " Web 2.0 " lily - livered , buzzword laden claptrap .
We do n't need a " New " way of doing Science , we just need good honest Science , the same as we always have .
If the system has been abused , then you need to clean house and discipline those found guilty , it is not complicated .
Also science policy can not be decided by 14 year olds on Facebook .
This article is all style and no substance , and is very disappointing .
SilverWave , Wallsend Tyne & Wear
There is nothing wrong with the existing scientific process .
What has gone wrong is that a small group of disingenuous individuals have attempted to subvert the scientific process , some may argue as a result of political influence and funding from vested interests ( renewables ) .
Having been caught red-handed , these individuals should be publicly discredited , along with their fanciful theories and stripped of their credentials and the right to practice publicly funded science .
Thank you to the BBC for opening this debate .... I am appalled at the lack of coverage that this matter has received , given the magnitude of what ( astoundingly ) is still being considered at Copenhagen .
I say astoundingly because the IPCC projections were based on computer models that were fed by erroneous data supplied by these ' scientists ' .
The whole basis for action at Copenhagen has just dissolved and yet our leaders are ploughing ahead with ' cap and trade ' and other lunacy , based on fraudulently manipulated and withheld data !
David , UK " How well does the public understand professional peer review , for example , or the role of a workshop , a seminar and a conference in science ? "
After reading some of the e-mails , it would appear you get a like minded colleague who wo n't be too critical to rubber stamp it .
M White , chippenham " Science has not changed .
Full disclosure and reproducability have always been crucial .
If others do not see all your data and methods and cannot reproduce your work you have * nothing . *
BobW , Plano , Texas , USA " Unless you 're a drug company researching drug efficacy .
In which case , keep that stuff secret , ' cos that 's what we like !!!
Right bob ?
The unequal desire for openness shows that " openness " is n't the desire .
Something else is .
Mark , Exeter , UK While I think what Messrs Hulme and Ravetz have said has some value , particularly with regard to removing the opacity around data and modelling currently prevalent in pro-AGW climate science , I think they are ironically obscuring the main problem , which is credibility .
Climate science methods , models and , apparently , core data are perceived by many intelligent and interested people to be out - of - date , inaccurate and incapable of any verifiable predictions , but the scientists and other stakeholders in the pro-AGW camp refuse to allow anyone to question their processes or beliefs , to the extent that they reduce opponents to being " climate change deniers " , with all the baggage attached that comes with the phrase " denier " .
They 've been denying publication to opponents and , as a result , funding .
These are the actions , not of scientists , but of Scientologists .
If science , and scientists are to have any credibility at all with the public they need to realize that we are tired of press - releases saying cancer will be cured in the next decade , that cold fusion is just around the corner , and that we 're all going to die as a result of global warming .
We stopped believing you a long time ago because you have consistently and increasingly become publicists and spin-merchants , massaging your models to provide support for your beliefs , beliefs which all too often have taken on the flavour of fundamentalist religion .
Mark Green , London , UK Well - meaning and sincere , this attempt to redefine the philosophical underpinnings of Science sounds to me more like an attempt to re-invent the wheel .
Or perhaps to re-formulate Fire : as if the prior Fire was no longer sufficient , since not enough members of the public fully understood Combustion .
" Warranted knowledge " is an exercise in futility : ultimately , any kind of Knowledge is open to doubt .
Do I know the precise date of my birth ?
But what if the calendars were off ?
Will the sun rise in the morning ?
But what if one day something causes the earth to cease its revolutions ?
This kind of childish game can be played ad nauseam with literally any kind of " solid " data .
Is 2+2 actually 4 ?
But what , exactly , is 2 ?
Is n't the precise value always something infinitesimally greater or lesser than the purported abstract value ?
Can any measurement truly be accurate ?
Can we speak of 2 degrees C ?
In translation , can any word in one language actually have a true equivalent ?
Is n't the existence of cultural constructs , connotations and suggestive semantic clusters ultimately proof that no language can ever be translated accurately ?
Should we even bother trying to communicate ?
How can some 200 nations ever hope to agree on anything ?
These kinds of reflections , while interesting as manifestations of the ambiguity of Certainty to thoughtful folk , do not ultimately help anyone get anywhere in life , within science or outside of it .
How can anyone assert " doing science in 2010 is different from doing it in 1960 or even 1985 ? "
Why ?
Because everything has to be voted on & cleared by groups external to the process & the discipline ?
Because school systems have failed to explain , most notably to Americans , how numbers operate or how human beings depend on oxygen , which is not infinitely renewable ?
The purpose of democratic processes is to ensure some social order , a semblance of harmonious coordination in administering the public trust , and a reasonable attempt at safeguarding justice .
The realm of Knowledge has nothing to do with Democracy .
You do not need to take a vote on the diagnosis , or explain to every last man Jack exactly why we need new types of engines , or less nail lacquer .
If the price of nail lacquer doubles so that less of it might wind up in landfills , we do not need to create new institutes and encyclopaedias to satisfy the inquisitive young out there as to why there is less of their little luxury being produced .
Only supremely learned & well - mannered people such as the authors of this appeal to scientists to be " nicer " to those who revile or rebuke them could actually imagine brutes can be reasoned with .
Had they lived more amongst these brutes , as some of us have , they would not be wasting their breaths on trying to win their sympathies .
Maria Ashot , London , UK
Thank you for the excelent article .
Very important in today 's world .
We need to reach a larger group of society ; to be inclusive rather than exclusive .
I will share it with my students
César , Mayaguez , Puerto Rico
I see that Lord Lawson 's new lobby group , launched last week with harsh criticism of CRU , has now owned up to use an inaccurate version of CRU 's data on its website : http://timesonline.typepad.com/science/2009/12/climate-sceptics-get-it-wrong-1.html
I wonder if they will hold a public inquiry into the data on its website ?
Bob Ward , London
The question ought to be : " what does ' ClimateGate ' imply for JOURNALISM ? "
There is no smoking gun , here .
There is no conspiracy .
The lid has been lifted and , guess what , climate science is sound and broadly accepted .
Journalism has , however , in its eagerness to constantly make everything into a scandal , created an impression which bears little resemblance to the facts .
The same journalists who are constantly reminding us of the viewpoint of " skeptics " and maintaining that there is a global warming " debate " long after the issue has been clearly settled ( there are still " skeptics " about AIDS ' connection to HIV ; why do we not hear about their views every week ; who is hushing them up ? ) are now telling us that dissenters are being stifled !
Incredible .
Never mind all of the efforts by polluting industries to fund disinformation campaigns .
Never mind efforts by America 's government , under the Bush administration , to muzzle its own scientists ' opinions .
Never mind that the consensus of the vast majority of climate scientists is still entirely ignored by most of those who set policy .
Never mind all of that , journalism has apparently decided ; context and " balance " are only important when reactionaries are the ones accused of doing something wrong .
If thoughtful people who dare to suggest that there is actually a problem which needs a proactive solution are " exposed " as being less than 100 % consistent and perfect , however , let 's break out the " - gate " suffix and make a scandal of it .
Congratulations .
Matt Kuhns , Lakewood , Ohio , USA Mike Hulme and Jerome Ravetz are attempting to redifine the definition of science ' We argue that the evolving practice of science in the contemporary world must be different from the classic view of disinterested - almost robotic - humans establishing objective claims to universal truth . '
' Science is a deeply human activity '
This sounds more like disinformation rather than information
For their future reference the real discription of science is in fact .
Science ( from the Latin scientia , meaning " knowledge " ) is , in its broadest sense , any systematic knowledge - base or prescriptive practice that is capable of resulting in a prediction or predictable type of outcome .
In this sense , science may refer to a highly skilled technique or practice .
[ 1 ]
In its more restricted contemporary sense , science is a system of acquiring knowledge based on scientific method , and to the organized body of knowledge gained through such research . [ 2] [ 3 ]
This article focuses on the more restricted use of the word .
Science as discussed in this article is sometimes called experimental science to differentiate it from applied science , which is the application of scientific research to specific human needs although the two are commonly interconnected .
Science is a continuing effort to discover and increase human knowledge and understanding through disciplined research .
Dont take my word for it or theirs look it up on wikidepia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Science
Huw Edwards ,
Part of the big deal of " Climategate " is that is shows that MIke Hulmes colleagues have not in fact even been sharing their research with colleagues - they can't have because if they had the code on display would have to have been far better .
Yes the output is shared , but they have not been " showing their working " in any meaningful manner .
I have no doubt that to a large extent this is due to the fact that scientists these days tend not to try and replicate other people 's work before extending it .
This was once a key part of the scientific method ( see Richard Feynman 's Cargo Cult Science essay ) but funding issues and other pressures mean that it has mostly gone by the wayside .
Now with the availability of broadband and high performance computers amateur scientists are able to try and replicate work that they read in journals .
And they can't because the journals have not required sufficient supplementary information to allow this to occur
Francis Turner , France
Your middle bullet point makes me very unhappy , so it can't be true , can it ?
Seriously , how could one do evolutionary biology in the United States on that principle ?
Let 's have a global referendum on whether the BBC exists .
If enough people decline to " validate " its existence , maybe Bush House will disappear in a puff of social - science hogwash .
David , Bergen , Norway
Many of us accept that we do n't know enough about the science , but we want to protect the environment for ourselves and our kids .
Even without looking to the UEA CRU , it is obvious that there is at least some warming , and most of us accept that CO2 contributes to it , but we can no longer be sure either to what degree humans are responsible overall , nor how much of any warming is down to CO2 , because the models and data on which much of the theories are based are corrupted .
It is rapidly becoming obvious that very many climate scientists and even supposedly objective science bodies have too much tribal allegiance to do their work honestly .
Trust is essential if we are to proceed and to engage everyone in any necessary actions , and that trust now has to be rebuilt pretty much from scratch .
Any studies that have used data from UEA or any of the other tarnished labs or scientists must be redone , and we must stop using them immediately .
We also have to look openly and honestly at the whole environmental system without the prejudices that have been created by the previous , now tarnished , theories .
It may be that CO2 is still the main problem , or it may be high atmosphere water vapour left by planes , or it might just be natural after all .
We need to know the truth to protect the environment , and it is essential that climategate is not simply pushed under the carpet by science groups or the media , to protect existing interests .
Ian Pearson , Ipswich
An excellent article that accurately focuses on the need for science to be more transparent in light of its social implications .
I would add that scientists are not adequately trained or disciplined to apply the " null hypothesis " in their research endeavors .
For scientists on both sides of the climate change argument , this means accepting hypotheses that they do n't believe and testing their data against them rather than using their data to support their own bias .
Unfortunately , climate change is rapidly becoming another " dogma eats dogma " effort that destroys the credibility of science as a philosophy and a discipline .
David Danley , Seattle , Washington , USA
Anyone who knows anything about climate change and how human causes are affecting climate change also know we do n't have decades to act .
There are many in the scientific community who believe we are already past the point of no return .
That some e-mails were " leaked " or " hacked " does not alter the facts .
The Greenland ice mass is melting at a rate unprecedented in history .
The Greenland ice mass contains significant amounts of methane a gas that is , conservativly , 20 times more powerful a greenhouse gas than CO2 .
The Antarctic ice mass is melting at , from what I 've read , five times the expected rate .
The weather in England is much changed from what it has been .
The weather in the Pacific northwest is hotter in the summer and colder in the winter .
The scientific community does research but the governments and those running them do not implement policies and practices to remidy the situation .
Why ?
because governments are in the pockets of the multinational corporations .
They , the politicians , have been bought and paid for .
Tell me , what good is a lot of money when there is n't any food ?
When the Earth is so overpopulated that that 's all there is , people ?
When almost all other life forms are gone ?
Larry Pardun , Portland Oregon
Here 's a great quote from Mike Hulme , one of the authors of this article : " Self - evidently dangerous climate change will not emerge from a normal scientific process of truth seeking , although science will gain some insights into the question if it recognises the socially contingent dimensions of a post - normal science .
But to proffer such insights , scientists - and politicians - must trade ( normal ) truth for influence .
If scientists want to remain listened to , to bear influence on policy , they must recognise the social limits of their truth seeking and reveal fully the values and beliefs they bring to their scientific activity . "
I wonder what has caused this sudden and catastrophic change of mind Mr Hulme ?
Rob Laundon , Cambridge , England .
Thank you , Mike and Jerome .
The quest for a philosophy of science begun by Popper , Kuhn , and Feyerabend has indeed entered a new chapter in the digital age .
Your vision inspires me .
Erik Anderson , Ashland , Oregon , USA
What Climategate proves is that politics must be kept out of science .
David , Cheshire A big problem for science is that it cannot be couched in the certainties that policymakers want .
So the tendency is for scientists to shape the science according to policy by removing doubt .
That is where the dangers lie for science .
It can become a habit .
There is a double danger .
Powerful advocacy groups can shape public opinion and the politics making it much easier for small groups of activist - scientists to dominate the scientific process .
This leads to less science .
Climategate has shown we need scientists to continue to do their job but in a more open and transparent way .
That allows the public to have confidence in the science .
Mac , Dundee Finally , a REAL mainstream media article on this very important issue .
Great job BBC .
JD , Canada No . I do n't think the public is interested in owning science ; they are by and large passive consumers of the drivel the media feeds them .
Science in the service of society is too easily subject to serving a warped , politicised version of society ; witness medicine in Nazi germany , or anthropology in the 19th Century .
What this article seems to miss entirely is that there are two propositions at stake : global warming either is anthroogenic : global warming is not anthropogenic .
And in the end it does n't matter a monkey 's nose what anybody thinks about it , whether or not the ' processes ' are ' validated ' by society , it is either true or not .
All science can do is have a stab at finding out which .
We need much less political and social interference in science , not more , John
John Knight , Beveley UK
The public ultimately fund this work , and the outcomes of it will effect us all in some way , shape or form .
Science can only thrive when scientific method is left to thrive .
Imagine if it is the future CPCC that helps unlock secrets about our climate ...
It is foolish to ignore the collaborative benefits of such a huge task !
David Crabtree , Leeds , UK Science has not changed .
Full disclosure and reproducability have always been crucial .
If others do not see all your data and methods and cannot reproduce your work you have * nothing . *
BobW , Plano , Texas , USA
This is really about the politicisation of science .
How do you open up the science without that process becoming distorted by the powerful and well funded political , economic and religious lobby groups ?
No science is perfect but if the whole debate centres around those small number of imperfections and ignores the bulk of the ( more ) settled science then that does the ordinary citizen a disservice .
Climate science ( as well as medical , genetic and other areas ) will have enormous impact on our future and we must find a way to protect the science and scientists from the onslaught of vested interests as well as try to open it up to public scrutiny .
I just hope there is a way to do this .
Roly , London Climategate appears to be very very serious indeed for the way the public perceive how science works , as well as how government / media works to decide and implement policy .
What we are seeing here is the very foundations of a theory ( as it is a theory and is still subject to scientific debate ) which could affect us all and the way we live bought into question .
Even more seriously , we are seeing this debate unfold out of control on the internet and be publicly debated in a scientific manner ( as the original data should be available for debate - not hushed up ) .
In answer to the original question , it is paramount that climategate gets investigated in a legal and scientific manner , by non-biased individuals in order that the process of implimenting policy is not based on untruth .
The science is not settled and for the good of everyone 's wallets as well as everyone 's planet , we need to revaluate the whole situation properly in the correct scientific manner , even if it means obtaining the deleted data again from scratch .
As a scientist , I am proud of my discipline and it's methods .
This is exceedinly bad for an otherwise valid meta- democratic process .
I assume you will publish this comment , thus justifying your impartiality .
Thankyou .
S Dann
Stuart Dann ( Scientist / Educator ) , St John , SE Cornwall , UK All well and good , Drs. , but you fail to address the existence of noisy , media - savvy , well - funded independent and commercial agents arrayed against any science that does not accord with their ideological , political or commercial goals .
What specific measures should we scientists take , if any , to counteract their influence and their ' spin ' , which we are seeing in abundance now in reportage on the CRU email hack ?
Steven Sullivan , New York , USA I strongly disagree with Mike Hume and Jerome Ravetz .
Wikipedia records that Dr Ravetz ' PhD is in Mathematics , which equips him to appraise the data manipulations accomplished by the UEA CRU but does not provide the perspective on climate provided by hard - evidence based subjects like geology .
Mike Hulme is a professor at the University of East Anglia School of Environmental Sciences so his views cannot be considered unbiased .
" Show your working " suggests providing insight into the statistical processes involved and is no substitute for providing access to the original data , for instance photographs of the tree - rings measured in just 12 trees from Siberia that provided the foundation for Jones ' study .
On a broader point this contribution by BBC just diverts attention from the essence of climategate , which was the fraudulent distortion and elimination of basic data and the manipulation of the peer - review process .
The BBC must allow well - qualified Global Warming skeptics like Lord Monckton to reply to this piece so that it an re-establish its even - handedness in this debate .
Malcolm McClure , London UK
This is certainly a thoughtful , balanced and very welcome assessment of the climate gate situation
In my travels , the group that wants to know the most about marketing , and seems to know the most about marketing ( except , of course , for marketers ) is engineers .
Software engineers and programmers , to be specific .
Why ?
I think it ’s because online marketing is particularly interesting and often allied with programming techniques .
That and the fact that programmers toil long and hard and get bitter pretty quickly when some marketing dork screws up their efforts .
So , if there are ten things I ’d tell you , Professor Engineer Software person , it would be this :
