Now that Jammie Thomas - Rasset owed $ 1.92 million to the recording industry for sharing 24 songs on KaZaA back in 2005 , the case might seem to be closed .
In reality , though , Thomas - Rasset still has numerous options for dealing with the verdict .
Let 's run them down .
Pay it
According to Thomas - Rasset , paying the $ 1.92 million damage award is simply impossible .
As a brownfield development coordinator for the Mille Lacs band of the Ojibwe , Thomas - Rasset does n't bring the cash home in wheelbarrows .
" Like squeezing blood from a turnip , " is how she described any attempt to collect on the judgment .
Settle
According to Thomas - Rasset 's testimony during the trial , she could have settled back in 2005 for $ 5,000 .
The RIAA says that the amount was somewhere between $ 3,000 - 5,000 ; more importantly , it remains willing to settle the case .
Our understanding is that Thomas - Rasset has simply been unwilling to negotiate a settlement ; she would rather pay nothing , continually claiming innocence .
A judicially - ordered settlement conference before the trial produced nothing .
Kiwi Camara , Thomas - Rasset 's lawyer , said yesterday that she would examine a settlement offer , but he would n't commit to anthing .
Certainly , when facing a $ 1.92 million award , $ 5,000 looks like a bargain — the amount would n't even cover the plane tickets for recording industry attorneys to attend the trial .
But if you feel that the record industry is " extorting " you , this is no doubt an unappetizing plan .
Bankruptcy
The sheer , outrageous size of the damage award in the case is already prompting calls to change the law .
Bankruptcy is of course an option , but there are potential complications : not all debts can actually be discharged in bankruptcy court .
Back in 2007 , the EFF prepared a brief report on the issue , intended for lawyers who were arguing exactly these types of cases .
The report pointed out that copyright infringement judgments can be discharged , unless the infringement was ruled to be a " willful and malicious injury . "
( Note that although Thomas - Rasset was found liable for " willful " copyright infringement , this is a separate standard that requires a separate judicial ruling on her state of mind . )
The issue does n't come up often with relation to copyright infringement judgments against individuals , of course , so it 's not clear how this might unfold .
The takeaway , though , is that clearing the debt in bankruptcy court is possible , but not guaranteed .
Should Thomas - Rasset take this route and fail to have the debt discharged , settlement would suddenly look like a super - appealing alternative to having wages garnished for the rest of one 's life .
The constitutional challenge
Though the case is " over , " it 's not actually over .
The jury has made its ruling on the facts of the case , but Judge Michael Davis can still run on matters of law .
One key matter , made even more relevant by the massive $ 80,000 per-song damage award , is the constitutionality of such a damage award .
Is it an " excessive fine " under the Eighth Amendment ?
That amendment says that " excessive bail shall not be required , nor excessive fines imposed , nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted . "
Camara has already indicated that he plans to contest the award on these grounds unless Thomas - Rasset takes a settlement .
Would it work ?
Recall that after the first trial , Judge Davis took his opportunity to assail that verdict with these words : " Thomas allegedly infringed on the copyrights of 24 songs — the equivalent of approximately three CDs , costing less than $ 54 , and yet the total damages awarded is $ 222,000 — more than five hundred times the cost of buying 24 separate CDs and more than four thousand times the cost of three CDs .
While the Copyright Act was intended to permit statutory damages that are larger than the simple cost of the infringed works in order to make infringing a far less attractive alternative than legitimately purchasing the songs , surely damages that are more than one hundred times the cost of the works would serve as a sufficient deterrent . "
Given that that penalty is now eight times greater than it was in that case , we can certainly expect Judge Davis to give the issue a close look .
Davis , the first African - American judge to head up the Minnesota US District Court , is no lightweight justice who was just fitted for his robe .
He was appointed to a lifetime seat on the federal bench back in 1994 and has already served a term on the nation 's Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court — the most secret chamber in the country .
He showed no emotion at all during the verdict yesterday , of course , but based on his previous comments about this case , it 's hard not imagine him holding out hope that a well - argued set of legal challenges comes his way and allows him at least some discretion in mitigating the award .
Appeal
Such motions would take place within the federal courts , but Thomas - Rasset could also appeal the entire case to the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals , too .
Federal appellate cases are generally high - profile , high - cost affairs , but the legal team of Camara and Sibley have indicated their continued willingness to represent Thomas - Rasset .
Change the law
The sheer , outrageous size of the damage award in the case is already prompting calls to change the law .
Even among the Ars commentariat , plenty of readers believe that Thomas - Rasset did infringe the 24 copyrights at issue , but there was near universal disdain for the jury and for the law that allowed such an award .
But the outrage is n't confined to the blogosphere .
The Washington lobby group CCIA , backed by AMD , Microsoft , Yahoo , Google , and others , calls the verdict " ridiculous . "
" Our copyright laws are overbroad , being misused and enforced with a zeal out of proportion to common sense , " said CEO Ed Black .
" When Sony BMG massively and illegally distributed music CDs containing spyware that compromised individual users ' computer security and infected government and military networks worldwide , the FTC only ordered them in 2007 to reimburse end -users up to $ 150 for computer damages .
Yet when Ms. Thomas shared 24 songs belonging to Sony BMG and other labels on the Internet , she was penalized $ 80,000 for each single track . "
He concluded , " Copyright law was created in a different era for different business models .
It needs to be reformed . "
Judge Davis feels the same way and has already " implored " Congress to " amend the Copyright Act to address liability and damages in peer ?
to - peer network cases such as the one currently before this Court . "
University of California law professor Pam Samuelson , an expert on statutory damages and copyright law , also called for reform in a fascinating paper released in April 2009 .
In reference to the first Thomas - Rasset judgment , Samuelson concluded , " Some jurors in the Thomas case wanted to award $ 750 per infringed song , while others argued for $ 150,000 per song ; why they compromised on $ 9250 per song is a mystery .
In today ’s world where the average person in her day - to - day life interacts with many copyrighted works in a way that may implicate copyright law , the dangers posed by the lack of meaningful constraints on statutory damage awards are particularly acute . "
One key suggestion for reform : allowing judges to revise damage awards to below the current $ 750 minimum threshold in such cases .
Had the amount been a " mere " $ 750 a song , for an $ 18,000 total fine , the Thomas - Rasset case would have offered little incentive to reform the law .
But when the first of the RIAA 's 30,000 + actions goes to trial and the plaintiffs emerge with a $ 1.92 million award ... legislators may take notice .
Listing image by Erik Araujo
Democrat Kent Conrad , a key player in bipartisan Senate Finance Committee negotiations on healthcare , refused to predict whether the panel will be able to produce a bill before the Senate breaks for a month long recess on August 7 .
" There are not the votes for Democrats to do this just on our side of the aisle .
It is not possible and perhaps not desirable either , " Conrad said on ABC 's " This Week . "
" We 're going to finish when we 're finished .
We 're going to do everything we can to get it right , " he said .
" We 'll be ready when we 're ready . "
What I do n't get nor understand in this political bubble , and take away the lobbyists , is the whimpy and weak attitudes of the Democrats in the senate .
Again , take away the lobbyists influence , the Democrats run the town or supposedly but behave and act like second graders who must raise their hands for a rest room break .
If my mind is current , which it is , when the Republicans ran the town did we hear anything of bi-partisanship ?
Did the Democrats voice or message mean anything during the Bush / Cheney regime ?
The answer is , " Democrats did not mean shit during the Bush hay day and were relegated to NOTHING . "
I appreciate the tone of the Obama Administration in trying to be conciliatory and NICE to the Republicans , but in the end it netted them very little in support and votes .
This continued notion that Republicans are needed to pass health care legislation is a red herring for those Democrats to hide behind the real issue of being afraid .
Yes , Democrats are afraid to pass health care legislation .
They are afraid of ruffling feathers and afraid of all the money that many of them have accepted from lobbyists in the insurance and health care industry .
Instead of doing the right thing , they will continue to hide behind the " we need Republican votes " as a continued excuse to bog or slow down any legislation .
After reading the diaries by teacherken and The Bag of Health and Politics every single Democrat in the senate should be rushing , pounding , fighting for affordable health care in this country to every American .
Instead we have the continued politics of all about me and how I can continue to look like I am doing something , when I am not doing shit , continuing in the senate .
Lastly , I understand the difference between a liberal , conservative .
I understand that within our own party .
What I do n't understand , in the end , if the Democrats torpedo or shoot their own foot , do n't they understand that they are the liability in 2010 and not the Republicans ?
The wheels of the status quo continues ...... as Americans fall into a deeper hole of the uninsured ....
Senate Democrats .
Pathetic .
Contact the United States Senate , here
Source
••
This Week With Barack Obama
[ Haskell ] ANNOUNCE : jhc 0.6.1
Hi , this is to announce the release of jhc 0.6.1 .
The jhc homepage with distribution information is at http://repetae.net/computer/jhc/
The main new feature in this release is a much simplified cross-compilation mechanism .
While cross-compilation was always possible with jhc , it used to involve manually copying the C file and calling gcc with the right options on it , now this is taken care of by jhc .
A ( popular ) example would be setting up an iPhone cross compilation target .
For instance with the SDK setup I have , I would simply add the following to a file ~/.jhc/targets.ini [ iphone ] cc=arm-apple - darwin cflags+=-I/usr/local/arm-apple-darwin/include merge=le32 then you can compile iphone binaries with ; jhc -- cross - miphone HelloWorld .hs the targets mechanism is extensible at run-time and I have included native unix , win32 , osx - intel and osx - powerpc targets .
But certainly many more interesting ones are possible .
Some I have tested have been a nokia N770 as a target and an atheros MIPS based router running dd - wrt .
There is more information on cross compilation in the jhc manual at http://repetae.net/computer/jhc/manual.html#crosscompilation jhc is also now available in the repetae yum repository which you can get at via ; rpm -i http://repetae.net/yum/repetae-repo-1.0-3.noarch.rpm
; yum install jhc Enjoy !
John -- John Meacham - ⑆repetae.net ⑆john⑈ - http://notanumber.net/
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
ON JUNE 20 , 1972 , President Richard Nixon and his chief of staff , H.R. “ Bob ” Haldeman , met in Nixon ’s hideaway office at the Old Executive Office Building .
Three days earlier , White House - connected dirty tricksters had been nabbed breaking into the Democratic National Committee ‘s Watergate offices , and the 79 - minute - long conversation — with Nixon ’s secret taping system running and Haldeman taking his typically meticulous notes on a tablet of yellow lined paper with a ballpoint pen— at one point turned toward the break - in and how to craft a counterattack .
What exactly the two men said to one another would become one of the great political mysteries of the 20th century : Sometime during the Watergate scandal , 18 ½ minutes were suspiciously erased from the tape recording of this meeting .
Many have since tried to figure out what transpired during that gap .
But now , Phil Mellinger , a one - time systems analyst at the National Security Agency ( NSA ) who went on to a career in high - tech corporate security , thinks he has discovered a way to determine what was wiped off the tape .
And the National Archives believes he ’s on to something .
In response to a request from Mellinger , the Archives unit in charge of the Watergate files has proposed conducting a scientific test that could yield information on what was said during the missing minutes .
This procedure would not , as has been tried unsuccessfully in the past , seek to recover the obliterated audio .
Mellinger ’s approach takes a simpler route : resurrecting Haldeman ’s notes via a CSI - ish technology that can extract information from the imprints made by a ballpoint pen .
For most of his adult life , Mellinger , 51 , was no Watergate buff — though as a high school student , he did watch the hearings on TV and wonder , along with many others , what Nixon really knew .
After graduating from Penn State , he joined the Air Force , serving at the NSA and Air Force Office of Special Investigations .
( “ I ’ve been trained in bugging and debugging operations , ” he says . )
He then hit the private sector , eventually becoming chief information security officer for the ecommerce firm First Data Corporation , where he co-invented a credit card transaction tracking system before retiring in 2007 .
In February 2004 , Mellinger watched a TV program about the years - long effort of a journalism class at University of Illinois to identify Deep Throat .
Professor William Gaines and his students had concluded that Fred Fielding , a White House lawyer during Watergate , had been Bob Woodward ‘s legendary tipster .
Mellinger was intrigued .
It occurred to him that with his background in information analysis — lining up data points and finding connections — he could put together a chronology and “ get a behavioral correlation between what Fielding was doing and what Deep Throat was telling Woodward . ”
For weeks , he pored over the official reports , depositions , news stories , books .
He found no conclusive link between Fielding and Deep Throat , who in 2005 was revealed to be Mark Felt , a former top FBI official .
But Mellinger had caught the Watergate bug and had started developing an assortment of revisionist theories about various aspects of the multilayered scandal .
He speculated that John Dean , Nixon ’s White House counsel , had been the source behind Deep Throat — that he had used Felt to feed information to Woodward to undermine others in the White House .
( “ That ’s absolute nonsense , ” Dean says . )
Mellinger became fascinated with the fact that Dean had destroyed the notebooks of Howard Hunt — the ex-CIA officer working in the White House who helped pull together the Watergate operation — and he suspected that part of the missing June 20 conversation was related to these documents .
He wondered if Fielding had somehow been involved in the tape erasure .
( Fielding declined a request for comment . )
As for the big picture , Mellinger theorized that what had propelled the Watergate burglary was Nixon ’s fear that the Democrats possessed evidence that he had covertly sabotaged Vietnam peace negotiations to boost his election chances in 1968 .
( Tapes of President Lyndon Johnson ’s telephone conversations released last year show that Johnson suspected as much . )
As Mellinger shared his ideas with other Watergate researchers — a contentious and finicky lot — he was repeatedly asked what proof he had .
He started thinking about physical evidence that might back up his theories .
That led him to Haldeman ’s notes from the June 20 meeting .
Last October , he visited the National Archives repository in College Park , Maryland , near Washington .
A white - gloved employee brought out a pair of handwritten pages .
“ Immediately I could see what had happened , ” Mellinger says .
The first page tracked with the first four minutes of the meeting , when Nixon and Haldeman did n’t discuss Watergate .
The top of the second page referred to a “ PR program , ” and the notes seemed to correspond to a conversation about how the White House could attack political opponents looking to exploit the Watergate break - in .
This , it seemed to Mellinger , must be the tail end of a longer discussion of Watergate .
( A memo from the files of Rose Mary Woods , the Nixon secretary who claimed she had accidentally erased about five minutes of the tape while transcribing it , estimated that the PR portion of the conversation lasted only one or two minutes . )
The rest of the second page related to non-Watergate matters .
“ I went , ‘ Holy cow ! ' ” Mellinger recalls .
There were only two possibilities : Either Haldeman had sat through a long stretch of discussion with Nixon and had written nothing down until the last minute or so , or he had taken notes for the rest of the time , and they had somehow gone missing .
( Stanley Kutler , a prominent Watergate historian , says that a conversation of this length would normally have caused Haldeman to produce several pages of notes . )
Mellinger took a close look at the two pages .
There were four sets of staple marks at one corner — as if the pages had been taken apart and put back together several times .
A gap in the notes matching the gap in the tape ?
Had no researcher , historian , or archivist noticed this before ?
( Apparently not . )
And if there were missing pages , was there a way to find out what had once been on them ?
Mellinger had an idea : electrostatic detection analysis .
That ’s a proven forensic technique used to capture indentations and impressions on a piece of paper — such as the marks made on a page in a pad by a pen writing on the pages above it .
As the book Forensics Demystified describes the procedure , a sheet of paper is subjected to an electrostatic field : “ Charged electrons from this static field are attracted to the damaged or impressed fibers in the paper where the indentations have been made . ”
Then toner can be placed on the paper — or on a thin cellophane sheet — and it will adhere to areas that have indentations :
“ The writing becomes pronounced . ” Voilà , notes can return from the shredder .
The original is not harmed .
Days after his eureka moment , Mellinger emailed David Paynter , the archivist in charge of the Watergate records , requesting that the Archives submit the two pages of Haldeman notes to this procedure .
Attached was a nine - page analysis laying out his case .
“ I believe we now may have an approach to resolving the infamous 18 ½ minute gap , ” Mellinger wrote .
The Archives does n’t mess with its holdings lightly .
But it has for years contemplated if anything could be done to bring back those 18 ½ minutes .
In 2001 , it established a panel to determine if new technology could salvage what had been on the erased tape .
Audio experts were provided tapes with erasures similar to the Nixon gap , while the original remained safe in a vault .
None of them could demonstrate that the destroyed conversation could be reclaimed .
“ We will continue to preserve the tape in the hopes that later generations can try again to recover this vital piece of history , ” then - United States archivist John Carlin said in 2003 .
Now the Archives , thanks to Mellinger , is once again hopeful .
After he filed his request , a document forensics expert at the Archives examined the Haldeman notes , found indented writing on the second page , and concluded that electrostatic detection analysis could work on this document , according to Paynter .
So Paynter recommended to higher - ups at the Archives that the Haldeman notes be tested .
At press time , Paynter was awaiting the green light from his superiors .
“ The reason we ’re going forward with this , ” Paynter says , “ is that we ’ve already tried with the tape itself .
Here ’s another avenue to shed light on an important episode in history .
It ’s very exciting . ”
There are plenty of caveats in this case .
It ’s possible Haldeman did n’t take any more notes corresponding to the gap .
The impressions on the second page , Paynter points out , could have come from the writing on the first page .
There ’s also no telling if any recovered notes would alter the basic tale of Watergate — or further incriminate Nixon .
But should the Archives come up with an account of the missing minutes , Mellinger , no matter how unconventional his theories may be , will earn what no other Watergate hobbyist has : credit for helping solve one of the last riddles of the scandal that defined an era .
You ’ve already got a first target system installed , and now you ’ve written some new code and want to deploy it .
This article will show you how to setup make and fab commands that use reltools to build & install new releases .
Appup
Your code should be part of an OTP application structure .
Additionally , you will need an appup file in the ebin / directory for each application you want to upgrade .
There ’s a lot you can do in an appup file :
Once you ’ve updated app files with the newest version and configuration and created appup files with all the necessary commands , you ’re ready to create a new release .
Note :
The app configuration will always be updated to the newest version , even if you have no appup commands .
Release
To create a new release , you ’ll need a new rel file , which I ’ll refer to as NAME - VSN.rel .
VSN should be greater than your previous release version .
My usual technique is to copy my latest rel file to NAME - VSN.rel , then update the release VSN and all the application versions .
Note : reltools assumes that the rel file will be in $ ROOTDIR / releases / , where $ ROOTDIR defaults to code:root_dir ( ) .
This path is also used below in the make and fab commands .
You can pass a different value for $ ROOTDIR , but releases / is hard coded .
This may change in the future , but for now your rel files must be in $ ROOTDIR / releases / if you want to use reltools .
Reltools
Before you finalize the new release , make sure reltools is in your code path .
There 2 ways to do this :
Make a copy of reltools and add it to your application .
Clone elib and add it to your code path with erl - pa PATH / TO / elib / ebin .
If you choose option 1 , be sure to include reltools in your app modules , and add it to your appup file with {add_module , reltools} .
But I ’ll assume you want option 2 because it provides cleaner code separation and easier release handling .
Keeping elib external means you can easily pull new code , and only need to add the elib application to your rel file with the latest vsn .
Make Upgrade
Now that you have a new release defined , and elib is in your code path , you ’re ready to build release upgrade packages .
Below is the make command I use to call reltools : make_upgrade ( " NAME - VSN " ) .
Be sure to update PATH / TO / to your particular code paths .
ERL=erl # use default erl command , but can override path on command line src : FORCE @$( ERL ) - pa lib/*/ebin - make # requires an Emakefile upgrade : src @ $( ERL ) - noshell \ # run erlang with no shell - pa lib / */ ebin \ # include your local code repo - pa PATH / TO / elib / ebin \ # include elib - pa PATH / TO / erlang /lib/*/ebin \ # include local erlang libs - run reltools make_upgrade $ ( RELEASE ) \ # run reltools : make_upgrade -s init stop # stop the emulator when finished FORCE : # empty rule to force run of erl - make
Using the above make rules , you can do make upgrade RELEASE=PATH / TO / releases / NAME -VSN to build a release upgrade package .
Once you can do this locally , you can use fab to do remote release builds and installs .
But in order to build a release remotely , you need to get the code onto the server .
There are various ways to do this , the simplest being to clone your repo on the remote server (s ) , and push your updates to each one .
fab release build install
Below is an example fabfile.py for building and installing releases remotely using fab .
Add your own hosts and roles as needed .
PATH / TO / TARGET should be the path to your first target system .
release is a separate command so that it you are only asked for NAME - VSN once , no matter how many hosts you build and install on .
build will run make upgrade RELEASE =releases / NAME -VSN on the remote system , using the target system ’s copy of erl .
Theoretically , you could build a release package once , then distribute it to each target system ’s releases / directory .
But that requires each target system being exactly the same , with all the same releases and applications installed .
If that ’s the case , modify the above recipe to run build on a single build server , have it put the release package into all the other node ’s releases / directory , then run install on each node .
install uses _rpcall to run rpc:call( NODE@HOST , reltools , install_release , [ " NAME - VSN " ] ) .
I ’ve kept _rpcall separate so you can see how to define your own fab commands by setting env.mfa .
from fabric.api import env , prompt , require , run env.erl = ' PATH / TO / TARGET / bin/erl ' def release ( ) : ''' Prompt for release NAME - VSN .
rel file must be in releases /.''' prompt ( ' Specify release as NAME - VERSION : ' , ' release ' , validate=r ' ^\w+-\d +( \.\d+ ) *$ ') def build ( ) : ''' Build upgrade release package . ''' require ( ' release ' ) run( 'cd PATH / TO / REPO && hg up && make upgrade ERL=%s RELEASE=releases / %s ' % ( env.erl , env.release ) ) def install ( ) : ''' Install release to running node . ''' require ( ' release ' ) env.mfa = ' reltools , install_release , [ " %s " ] ' % env.release _rpccall ( ) def _rpccall ( ) : require ( ' mfa ' ) evalstr = ' io :format ( \ " ~p~n\ " , [ rpc:call( NODE@%s , %s ) ] ) ' % ( env.host , env.mfa ) # NOTE : local user must have same ~/.erlang .
cookie as running nodes run ( " %s - noshell - sname fab - eval ' %s ' -s init stop " % ( env.erl , evalstr ) )
Workflow
Once you ’ve updated your Makefile and created fabfile .py , your workflow can be something like this :
Write new application code .
Update the app and appup files for each application to upgrade .
Create a new rel file as releases / NAME - VSN.rel .
Commit and push your changes .
Run fab release build install .
Enter NAME -VSN for your new release .
Watch your system hot upgrade in real - time 🙂
Troubleshooting
Sometimes reltools: install_release( NAME-VSN ) can fail , usually when the release_handler can’t find an older version of your code .
In this case , your new release will be unpacked but not installed .
You can see the state of all the known releases using release_handler : which_releases ( ) . .
This can usually be fixed by removing old releases and trying again .
Shell into your target system and do something like this ( where OLDVSN is the VSN of a release marked as old ) :
See the release_handler manual for more information .
release_handler:remove_release( " OLDVSN " ) . % repeat as necessary release_handler:install_release( " VSN " ) . release_handler:make_permanent( " VSN " ) .
Yahoo aims to make searching for information and researching topics online even less of a chore with its latest ' Search Pad ' interactive note - taking software .
If you are planning on buying a car or going on holiday then Yahoo claims that Search Pad will assist you , by automatically tracking and organising sites you find on Yahoo !
Search .
Yahoo's latest app will allow users to " capture , organise , save and share information they find while researching online " with the company pegging it as ideal for " extensive research in categories such as academic , health , jobs , travel , or shopping " .
Intelligent detection
Search Pad " intelligently detects " when a user is researching around a particular topic , and after a few searches a pop - up window asks you if you wish Yahoo to be taking notes for you .
" We 've been paying attention to this customer need for some time and on how to address it .
Other search engines are n't addressing it , " says Tom Chi , senior director of user experience at Yahoo .
You may remember that Google dropped a similar service called Google Notebook earlier this year .
Still , TechRadar will give Yahoo Search Pad a whirl , but we 're yet to be convinced that it could replace our beloved Evernote , as our favourite digital notepad .
Intrigued ?
Head over to Yahoo now for a video demo of Search Pad
Via PC Pro
His ABC interview came at an especially delicate juncture in the debate over the use of torture .
Weeks earlier , the nomination of Michael Mukasey as attorney general was nearly derailed by his refusal to comment on the legality of waterboarding , and one day later , the C.I.A. director testified about the destruction of interrogation videotapes .
Mr. Kiriakou told MSNBC that he was willing to talk in part because he thought the C.I.A. had “ gotten a bum rap on waterboarding . ”
At the time , Mr. Kiriakou appeared to lend credibility to the prior press reports that quoted anonymous former government employees who had implied that waterboarding was used sparingly .
In late 2007 , Mr. Ross began pursuing Mr. Kiriakou for an interview , “ leaning on him pretty hard , ” he recounted .
On Dec. 10 , in the subsequent interview , Mr. Kiriakou told Mr. Ross that he believed the waterboarding was necessary in the months after the 9/11 attacks .
“ At the time I was so angry , ” he told Mr. Ross .
“ I wanted so much to help disrupt future attacks on the United States that I felt it was the only thing we could do . ”
Mr. Kiriakou was the only on - the - record source cited by ABC .
In the televised portion of the interview , Mr. Ross did not ask Mr. Kiriakou specifically about what kind of reports he was privy to or how long he had access to the information .
“ It did n’t even occur to me that they ’d keep doing ” the waterboarding , Mr. Ross said last week .
“ It does n’t make any sense to me . ”
He added , “ I did n’t give enough credit to the fiendishness of the C.I.A . ”
Mr. Kiriakou refused an interview request last week .
In a statement to ABC , he said he was aware only of Mr. Zubaydah ’s being waterboarded “ on one occasion . ”
The C.I.A. , which considered legal action against Mr. Kiriakou for divulging classified information , said last week that he “ was not — and is not — authorized to speak on behalf of the CIA . ”
Paul Gimigliano , a C.I.A. spokesman , said : “ This agency did not publicly disclose the frequency with which the waterboard was used , noting only that it was employed with three detainees .
If reporters got that wrong , they were n’t misled from here . ”
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. companies , consumers and communities may grow so addicted to government financial help that cutting them off could trigger another recession soon after the current one ends .
A foreclosure sale sign sits in front of a house in Miami Beach , February 27 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Carlos Barria
Between the U.S. Federal Reserve ’s trillions of dollars in lending programs , the $ 787 billion stimulus package and $ 700 billion -- and counting -- in bank bailout funds , no one can accuse officials of soft - pedaling their crisis response .
But there is increasing concern that when the flow of public money subsides -- beginning next year when much of that stimulus package is spent -- the economy still wo n’t be strong enough to stand on its own .
“ The stuttering attempts to repair the banking and lending mechanisms so far by the new administration suggests that by late 2010 , the specter of a second dip into recession will be looming large , ” said Merrill Lynch economist Sheryl King .
The latest evidence of the government ’s ever - changing plans came on Monday when insurer American International Group Inc got its third bailout , each with different terms .
That did nothing to improve confidence on Wall Street , where investors dumped stocks amid fears that the financial crisis was worsening .
The longer it takes to stabilize the financial sector , the more the economy suffers , and that feeds back into bigger loan losses and the need for even more government intervention .
John Silvia , chief economist at Wachovia , said the government ’s success so far in shoring up markets and reviving the economy resembled the pattern of police patrols .
“ At each corner where a policeman is stationed , we witness a decline in crime , ” he said .
“ In every market where the Fed focuses its liquidity facilities , ” credit conditions improve .
Unfortunately , where there is no direct government support , conditions are grim .
Merrill expects unemployment to hit 10 percent by the end of 2009 , with house prices losing 10 percent to 15 percent more and the stock market dropping another 20 percent .
That could erase $ 6.5 trillion off of household wealth , on top of the $ 12 trillion hit consumers have already taken , Merrill ’s King estimated .
SECURITY BLANKET
Those losses are a key reason why it is proving so difficult for the government to get much traction with its rescue plans because consumer spending accounts for more than two - thirds of economic activity .
Data released on Monday showed that Americans were rapidly rebuilding savings that they had run down in recent years when it seemed like rising home values and healthy stock markets would be enough to pay for retirement .
While that may be good for the global economy , which many economists say has been over - reliant on U.S. consumption , “ recession has never been successfully arrested with austerity , ” Citigroup economist Steven Wieting said .
“ While consumers in the U.S. will likely never really be the same as they were in the last decade , we can identify no source of growth for the global economy that does n’t involve a partial recovery in U.S. consumption , ” he said .
If spending is n’t going back to the way it was , that may make it even harder for the government to ease up on aid .
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner and Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke have warned repeatedly of the risk of pulling away the economic supports too soon .
However , Bernanke and other Fed officials have also stressed the need for a clear exit strategy to ensure that their repair efforts do n’t spawn inflation .
EXIT STRATEGY
In essence , the Fed and Treasury have been forced to take the place of the securitization market , where countless loans were repackaged and sold off to investors all over the world .
While that proved to be the transmission mechanism for the financial crisis , it was also a vital aspect of lending and its collapse contributed to the global economic slump .
The Fed ’s own lending data shows that efforts to get money flowing again were having limited effect on the broader economy .
Confidence has fallen so sharply that even those who can get credit are reluctant to borrow and spend .
According to the Fed ’s January survey of senior loan officers , 60 percent of domestic banks reported reduced demand for commercial and industrial loans , up from 15 percent in the October survey .
Some of the Fed ’s lending programs should wind down with little disruption because once credit markets improve , borrowers will be able to find better terms elsewhere , and the central bank can once again be the lender of last resort instead of the only viable option .
Extricating the Fed and Treasury from other means of support wo n’t be so easy .
“ Major industries have become dependent on federal assistance , and they will be followed by cities and states bearing mind - boggling requests , ” investor Warren Buffett wrote in his annual letter to shareholders .
“ Weaning these entities from the public teat will be a political challenge .
They wo n’t leave willingly . ”
Ross Racine draws fictive urban patterns , mostly suburbias , surrounded by a desert or agricultural looking environment .
All artworks are produced freehand , no scans or photos are included in the process .
Drawings are printed on high - end inkjet printer .
4 Comments
Hahahaha I can't stop laughing .
Good question !
But unfortunately , by the time jesus was born , there was no mexico .
There were mayans and other kid of people .
And the names they had were such as " Mictlantecutli " " Quetzalcoatl " " Huitzilopochtli " " Tlaloc " " Nezahualcoyotl " " Moctezuma " .... well ... those names are actually aztec , and most of them are gods ( which I think were mayans at first ) .
But they could n't have a name such as " Jesus " .
That name was brought by the conquerors .
And for many years , being Mexico such a religious country , they used widely the name Jesus , as well as Maria .
Maria is known to be a really common name in Mexico .
But it is n't a regional name , Mary was the name of Jesus ' mother .
So it 's not a mexican name , it 's a name adopted by mexicans due to it 's religious meaning .
Israel is a democracy , we are told .
We have freedom of speech to prove it .
Aside from a few pesky details of a permanent state of emergency which allows the government and security forces to impose censorship of the media , we really are free to speak our minds – to an extent .
The legal limits on personal expression are draconian , but not very often invoked .
It is the unspoken limits of freedom of speech which are more binding .
Even as I write I hear the clinking of the chains in my mind : how much do I dare expose ?
What might be the repercussions of this word , or that sentence ?
I , like most young Israeli Jews , went to the army at the age of 18 .
At the time I barely even questioned this .
Going to the army here is a fact of life , merely another step in the standard " natural " order : six years of grade school , six of high school , three in the army and so forth .
In the army I was exposed to matters of varying levels of secrecy .
Divulging them is , of course , illegal .
But even that is not what I feel constrains me and so many others .
What security clearance deems secret is not , as a general rule , an interesting subject for conversation other than in very specific circumstances , almost never occurring outside the army .
No , what constrain me are the social consequences of speaking certain taboos .
On the most formal end of these is the concern that my security clearance may be re-evaluated , forcing me to relinquish my post in reserve duty for one with less sensitive information ( though of course I would never reveal classified information , which could result in loss of life ) .
However , of far greater concern is the less formal punishment which results from stating opinions as innocent as a parity of value between the lives of Jews and Palestinians ; or using the word " apartheid " in relation to the occupied Palestinian territories ; or suggesting the Israeli army might have committed war crimes in Lebanon or in Gaza .
There is no law against saying these things but there is certainly a price for saying them .
Being identified with such opinions might cost one the recommendation of an already wavering superior .
It might undermine a shaky friendship .
It has even cost me romantic attachments , at their early stages .
No doubt such limitations on expressing political opinions exist everywhere .
Perhaps the difference is that here , politics is everywhere .
Politics is what we talk about over coffee and at the water - cooler .
What we hear on the radio , what we see on television .
Politics in Israel is a matter of personal identity in a way it is not for most people elsewhere .
Indeed , sometimes politics supersedes families , or exists in an uneasy truce with them .
In All in the Family Meathead was told : " You know there are three things you can't talk about with Daddy : religion , politics and everything else ! "
Well , I can talk to my father about anything – except politics .
Within minutes a political discussion descends into a shouting match .
Likewise with many friends and colleagues .
For those of us on the ever - shrinking left - leaning side of the Israeli political spectrum , politics becomes increasingly off - limits in polite society , something we can only talk about among ourselves for fear of alienating others .
Never is this more apparent than when it really matters .
When the war in Lebanon raged three years ago it was palpably difficult to say anything against the fighting .
The word " traitor " was often in the eyes of those I spoke to , and too often on their lips .
Saying one is as sad over the death of a Lebanese as of an Israeli , in times of war becomes nearly unthinkable .
I tried it during a far more general discussion among students at the time and the whole debate was thereafter derailed : it became a competition to convince me I was wrong .
And yet in the last war with Gaza the situation was , if anything , worse .
While during the Lebanon war the media sometimes aired criticism of the fighting ( albeit usually from a tactical point of view , rather than a principled opposition to the war ) , during the Gaza war I felt as though every radio station was staffed by propagandists , every newspaper by a government spokesman or spokeswomen .
It was not any law which told them to say and write as they did .
There was no need for a law – the journalists and analysts probably felt what I was feeling , that the public had no patience for a different point of view .
This is a troubling phenomenon .
I no longer feel I can rely on local media to honestly report on sensitive issues .
Even facts are charged with editorialising .
Without a public voice , leftists are on their own in trying to form their perceptions .
It becomes more difficult to hold to a belief when everyone you know thinks differently .
As the political establishment moves to the right the concern is that what are now informal marks of disapproval of leftist views will be legislated into law .
The first attempts have already been made , with Yisrael Beiteinu , the far - right party in the ruling coalition , sponsoring laws like a prohibition of marking the day of the Palestinian nakba .
The law failed to pass , but a democracy is about more than its laws .
Even if there is no law to curtail freedom of speech , if we are effectively discouraged from speaking through informal means , then this freedom has no real substance .
From there it is only a matter of time before this freedom is gone from the law books , as well as from the talk shows , the water - coolers and the living rooms of the country .
The Earth is going thin on top .
A new study has revealed that the Arctic Ocean 's permanent blanket of ice around the North Pole has thinned by more than 40 % since 2004 .
Scientists said the rapid loss was " remarkable " and could force experts to reassess how quickly the Arctic ice in the summer may disappear completely .
They blame the loss on global warming , which has driven temperatures in the Arctic to record highs and summer ice extent to recent lows .
The study , based on satellite measurements , is among the first to estimate the thickness of the Arctic ice , rather than just its surface area .
Ron Kwok , senior research scientist at Nasa 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California , said : " Even in years when the overall extent of sea ice remains stable or grows slightly , the thickness and volume of the ice cover is continuing to decline , making the ice more vulnerable to continued shrinkage . "
The study looked at measurements taken of the Arctic region by the Icesat satellite , launched in 2003 .
Overall , the experts found that the ice , typically up to about 3 m thick , thinned by 67 cm over the last four winters .
Converting to ice volume , the scientists worked out the amount of so - called multiyear ice , which persists through Arctic summers , had decreased in the winter by up to 6,300 cubic kilometres since 2005 – a decline of more than 40 % .
The research is published in the Journal of Geophysical Research : Oceans .
Kwok said : " Ice volume allows us to calculate annual ice production and gives us an inventory of the fresh water and total ice mass stored in Arctic sea ice .
Our data will help scientists better understand how fast the volume of Arctic ice is decreasing and how soon we might see a nearly ice - free Arctic in summer . "
Earlier this year , scientists warned that sea ice volume reached a record low in 2008 due to an unusually high proportion of the thinner first year ice .
Donghui Yi , a scientist with Nasa 's Goddard Space Flight Centre in Maryland who worked on the study , said : " The main reason [ for the ice thinning ] is the growth in melting of the multiyear ice , which is caused by the warmer weather .
More ice melts in summer and then you get less in winter . "
The Arctic ice cap fluctuates with the seasons , growing in the freezing winter and shrinking over the summer .
An important finding of the study is that the majority of Arctic ice no longer survives the summer .
In 2003 , this multiyear ice made up 62 % of the region 's total ice volume .
By 2008 , this was down to 32 % .
The remaining 68 % was " first - year " seasonal ice , which was open water during the summer , so is thinner and more likely to melt away .
Yi said it would be dangerous to try to use the results to predict when the Arctic might be ice - free in summer .
" Some people might do that but I would n't like to do those kinds of linear predictions . "
More years of data are needed to make an informed judgement , he said .
Unfortunately , the Icesat 's data gathering days are nearly over .
Two of its three lasers , used to judge the sea ice height , have already failed and the third is on its last legs .
Icesat2 , the satellite 's replacement , is not planned for launch until 2014 .
Lawyers for New York snarled that their learned colleagues from across the water were blind to history .
The New Jersey side shot back that New York was living up to its name as the Empire State , seeking to expand in every direction .
The opening arguments in an unusual lawsuit over who owns Ellis Island started today in a paneled meeting room of the Supreme Court of the United States , the first time in the annals of the court building that an actual trial has been conducted under its roof .
This case is unique in the fact that it is here in this court , " said Paul R. Verkuil , the law professor appointed by the Supreme Court to hear the case .
" It is unique in the sense that this island is one of a kind , one that has been argued about for a long time . "
Bile oozed across the lectern as each side mustered 200 years of accumulated skirmishing for the trial , expected to last a month and to include a field trip to the famous rock itself , with dueling experts as guides .
New Jersey , which filed the lawsuit in 1993 , is essentially treating the case as a boundary dispute , while New York seeks to establish that the case is a question of property , one it should win because it has long controlled all activity on the island .
Wind power generation is expected to be a clean and environmentally friendly natural energy source , but a new kind of environmental problem has surfaced as infrasonic waves caused by windmills are suspected of causing health problems for some people .
Shinjuro Kondo , 76 , who moved into his Japanese neighborhood 17 years ago , said , " Stiff shoulders , headaches , insomnia , hand tremors ...
Since February last year , soon after the test operation of windmills started , I developed various kinds of symptoms . "
Kondo's neighborhood is about 350 meters away from a group of windmills .
More than 20 percent of about 100 neighbors also complain of similar physical disorders .
They said their symptoms become less severe when the windmills stop due to mechanical troubles and other reasons .
Currently , the relationship between such physical disorders and the windmills is not clear .
But infrasonic waves generated by the windmills ' rotors is suspected to be the cause .
The sound waves oscillate once to 20 times a second , a frequency too low to be heard by human ears .
Similar complaints also have been reported in other parts of Japan , but it is not known whether these are connected to naturally occurring noise .
Operators of such windmills are very concerned about what measures should be taken .
One of them said , " Even if we measure sounds from the windmills , no numerical differences are found from those in the natural environment . "
Extrapolating the causal relationship is difficult for a number of reasons :
• Sensitivity to infrasonic noise differs among individuals .
• Effects are changed by psychological factors .
For example , unpleasant sounds make people more uncomfortable than pleasant sounds , even at the same volume .
• The causal relationship between the physical disorders and the sounds has not been clarified .
In 2004 , Japan 's Environment Ministry set guidelines for local governments on dealing with problems caused by infrasonic noise .
The guidelines were issued mainly because of reports of damage at factories and construction sites caused by infrasonic noise at the frequency of 20 hertz to 200 hertz .
The infrasonic noise from windmills is not covered by the guideline as the frequency is lower .
Windmills are not covered by the country 's Noise Regulation Law , which regulates noise levels at factories and construction sites , or by the Law for Assessment of Environmental Impacts , which stipulates that effects to surrounding areas should be assessed prior to the start of a large development project .
There have been no research papers published , either at home or abroad , which analyzed the relationship between infrasonic noise and human health .
Fumitaka Shiomi , 85 , a doctor in Wakayama , Japan , who has studied infrasonic noise problems for 30 years , said , " There is health damage caused by infrasonic noise .
Unless measures are taken immediately , a serious problem will occur . "
But Tomohiro Shishime , chief of the Environment Ministry 's Air Environment Division , said , " First , we 'll examine the real situation . "
The ministry is at the stage of asking local governments to collect complaints .
Izumi Ushiyama , dean of Ashikaga Institute of Technology , which is promoting the use of windmills , said , " While listening to opinions of both business operators and residents , we 'll search for a solution . "
Wind power generation also poses a danger to birds , which are often struck and killed by the spinning vanes of the windmills .
The Japanese Environment Ministry confirmed 13 such bird strikes in which white - tailed eagles , a rare species , were killed since fiscal 2003 .
More white - tailed eagles have been killed in bird strikes by windmills than by running trains .
A golden eagle was found dead near wind power facility in Iwate Prefecture last year -- the first death of a rare species confirmed near the facility .
Yukihiro Kominami , deputy chief of the nature conservation office at the Wild Bird Society of Japan , said those cases are just the tip of the iceberg .
" We have to find out the problem of the locations as soon as possible , or we will see the damage to the bird population continuing , " he said .
Some people argue a windmill twirling around on a column dozens of meters high spoils the scenery in the area .
Residents in Nagano , Japan , organized to oppose the building of wind farm there .
The prefectural government then made a map showing the effects on nature and scenery of the proposed windmills .
An official in charge said " We want the businesses to assess environmental issues and to explain them well to local residents , using this map . "
There is a growing consensus among experts that wind - power generation projects should be subject to the environment impact assessment law .
The ministry plans to consider the idea , including the possibility of amending the law , at the Central Environmental Council .
" Wind - power generation has been a business success , costing less than solar power generation , " said Tetsuya Iida , head of Japan 's Institute for Sustainable Energy Policies , a nonprofit environmental organization .
" There must be a path for residents and nature to coexist .
The central government must consider establishing a framework to support finding that way . "
___
( c ) 2009 , The Yomiuri Shimbun .
Visit the Daily Yomiuri Online at www.yomiuri.co.jp/index-e.htm/
Distributed by McClatchy - Tribune Information Services .
Explore further Winter shutdown approved for wind farms
It looks like the mighty Emperor Max Baucus and his royal lords are finally releasing details of their health care plan and to nobody 's surprise they decided to screw America .
After weeks of secretive talks , a bipartisan group in the Senate edged closer Monday to a health care compromise that omits two key Democratic priorities but incorporates provisions to slow the explosive rise in medical costs , officials said .
These officials said participants were on track to exclude a requirement many congressional Democrats seek for large businesses to offer coverage to their workers .
Nor would there be a provision for a government insurance option , despite President Barack Obama 's support for such a plan .
The three Democrats and three Republicans from the Senate Finance Committee were considering a tax of as much as 35 percent on very high - cost insurance policies , part of an attempt to rein in rapid escalation of costs .
Also likely to be included in any deal was creation of a commission charged with slowing the growth of Medicare through recommendations that would take effect automatically unless overturned by Congress .
" We 're going to get agreement here , " Sen .
Max Baucus , D - Mont. , the Finance Committee chairman , said Monday .
" The group of six really wants to get to ' yes . ' "
The merry band of six court jesters are doing what they 've been paid to do .
Kill health care reform .
The gang of fools are putting themselves between you and your doctor .
That 's if you have any .
Check out how much money he 's taken from Health Industrial Complex .
Howie Klein writes :
No one serving in the Senate today has taken as much money from the Medical - Industrial Complex as Baucus ( $ 2,865,881 ) other than notorious corporate whore Arlen Specter ( $ 4,066,433 ) and two former presidential candidates , John Kerry ( $ 8,163,141 ) and John McCain ( $ 8,672,260 ) .
Baucus even tops Medical Industry shill Mitch McConnell ( $ 2,755,468 ) .
And when it comes to the Financial Sector -- the banksters , Big Insurance and Big Real Estate -- Baucus was also on the payroll in a major way .
His $ 4,675,393 in donations put him in the Top 10 , with corporate whores like Mitch McConnell , Alexander Lamar , Arlen Specter , Joe Lieberman , Kay Bailey Hutchison , Chuck Schumer ... basically the folks who oversaw the economic legislation that dragged the economy right over the cliff .
Max and his gang are only worried about one thing .
Making sure the health insurance industry makes out like thieves .
The above chart shows where his loyalties are .
Digby makes an excellent point about a new CBO report :
Strangely , the headline to this article does n't characterize this development as a devastating blow to Republicans and opponents of health care reform the way every other report from the CBO has been characterized as a devastating blow to Democrats , even though it punctures one of the industry 's central arguments against the public plan :
A new government health insurance plan sought by President Barack Obama and congressional Democrats could coexist with private insurers without driving them out of business , an analysis by nonpartisan budget experts suggests .
The estimate by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office — seen as good news by Democrats — comes as leaders pushed Monday to make progress on health care overhaul before lawmakers go home for their August recess .
I personally do n't like insurance companies and I 'd be happy if we had a system where they were n't necessary .
But if they could be made to do their business in a fair and equitable manner , sell their products honestly and fulfill their obligations , then we could probably live with them .
Rapacious greedheads making obscene profits on the backs of sick Americans , however , is an immoral and expensive arrangement that can't be tolerated any longer .
If strict regulation and competition from a public option would force insurance companies to participate in universal health care as decent corporate citizens then I wo n't complain .
I also wo n't care if a public plan does end up driving out those which insist that spending billions in compensation to their CEOs is necessary but fulfilling the terms of their policies is n't .
It 's really up to them .
Why is n't the media all over this CBO report ?
Did n't you hear the trumpets roar before the pundits held up the report and asked Judd Gregg why he 's against the public option now ??
We 're trying to change health care in America and people are usually afraid of change .
Even if the change will help them .
It 's natural .
Baucus and the Senate Finance Committee are only interested in protecting their donors .
Jane Hamsher says :
The Finance Committee was supposed to deal with -- wait for it -- finance .
Instead , President Baucus and President Snowe decided that they 'd just write the whole damn bill themselves and have included a competing co-op plan that would replace the public plan offered by the HELP committee .
Because three Republican Senators are worth more than 76 % of the country to members of the most exclusive club in the world .
They certainly have a mighty high opinion of themselves .
Yes , three republicans rule the world of health care .
I understand why Orrin Hatch quit the group .
He was n't needed to make sure these sorry fools helped destroy the bill .
< Kane >
Wusstest du , dass ein Menschenleben nur etwa ein Drittel MP3 wert ist ?!
< Shaun > wie kommst du jetzt darauf ?
< Kane > Naja , Air Frace zahlt wohl $ 24 k pro Todesopfer an die Hinterbliebenen
< Kane > Die Frau in den USA ist zu $ 80 k pro MP3 verknackt worden
< Kane >
Denk mal drüber nach
< Shaun > o_O
THERE’S a video of Megan Fox we want to see .
When the sizzling star of “ Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen ” went to director Michael Bay ‘s house to audition for the part , “ He made her wash his Ferrari while he filmed her , ” reports Jason Solomons in Britain ’s Guardian .
“ She said she did n’t know what had happened to that footage .
When I put it to Bay himself , he looked suitably abashed — ‘ Er , I do n’t know where it is either . ’ ” Come on .
Cough it up !
POPWRAP : Watch The Trailer For Megan ’s New Movie
PHOTOS : Sexy Megan Fox Pics
Watch this spectacular footage as a freight train goes head to head with a tornado ..... who will win ...
... the amount to which we sponsor is not fixed , we do n't have to tally up a set figure for a reward or recognition , all of it is valid ...
... if you have the ability , to sponsor the community in any way you can .
Hmmmm , okay that comes across a little stronger than I want it to , so : we are responsible for ensuring the success of the communities we are involved with , communities and projects we use and rely on and therefore it is wise to support those things to ensure their survival and our continued benefit .
But I am just a poor boy and my story 's seldom told ...
This is n't just about money , in fact it is n't really a discussion on the duty , as I see it , of companies and individuals to contribute paid support into the communities and projects they rely on in their endeavours .
That will be at a later point when I will probably urge people to contribute cash :) .
It is an expression of one type of sponsorship .
Sponsorship , sometimes synonymous with promotion , is often bundled into a bucket with many other elements of what people determine to be marketing .
But , it is n't always a marketing tool ( again I will be discussing this more at a later point ) , as a sponsor can be the person (s ) who assume responsibility for something during a period of acceptance .
Think of the sponsor of an apprentice who ensures that they perform well during the period of their instruction .
So we can all be sponsors , without it ever being a matter of money , promotion or enterprise .
We can be those who are responsible ...
What do I have to do ?
There is no set requirements for this type of responsibility in my mind .
I believe that we should examine our roles to see if there is something more we can contribute ; we should be supportive of other people 's efforts , and offer analysis and criticism that is productive to their endeavours ; we can , if we so wish , shout from the rooftops about how good something is and why everyone should know this ; we can join mailing lists , irc channels , wiki(s ) etcetera to further the cause .
The amount to which we sponsor is not fixed , we do n't have to tally up a set figure for a reward or recognition , all of it is valid .
But we should consider ourselves responsible for our community , our projects and modules , whether you are a core programmer , a CPAN tester or just a business who uses scripts .
We are all re-Sponsor-ble
If anyone has feedback ( and until we have a commenting system ) please do n't hesitate to email me at : m.keating [ at ] shadowcat.co.uk , if your comments are useful , fun , or just plain interest to me , or if I think will be useful to others , then I will add them to the end of this post , let me know how you would like to be named ( anon , nick etc . ) .
Comments
Mark Keating is : Managing Director of Shadowcat Systems Limited
Director and Secretary of Enlightened Perl Organisation
Co-Founder / Co-Leader of North - West England Perl Mongers
Work Blog : Mark Keating on Shadowcat
Perlesque Blog : Mark Keating on per.ly
Public Blog : Mark Keating on Vox
LinkedIn Profile : Mark Keating on LinkedIn
My Homepage : Mark Keating 's Personal site
The Green Party 's three - year campaign to allow cannabis to be used for medicinal purposes came to grief in Parliament tonight .
Their bill failed on its first reading , voted down 86 - 34 on a conscience vote .
Its promoter , Metiria Turei , pleaded with MPs to let it through so it could go to the health select committee which could hear evidence of how cannabis eased the suffering of seriously ill people .
" Many people already use it and they live in real fear of the law , " she said .
" Sick and vulnerable New Zealanders are being jailed ... let MPs hear their stories , let these people have their say . "
Under the bill , seriously ill people would be able to apply for a cannabis card , issued on a doctor 's authority and registered with the police , which would allow them to grow small amounts of it .
Ms Turei said they did n't have to smoke it , they could use it in other ways to help relieve their pain such as making tea with it or using it as oil to rub into their limbs .
MPs who spoke in the debate said they knew Ms Turei was sincere about relieving suffering but those who opposed the bill listed numerous problems they had with it .
National MP Jonathan Coleman , a doctor , said it would bring cannabis into mainstream society .
" You can't make out it is a good thing , we need less drugs in society , " he said .
" We would be sending a signal that it 's okay . "
He said doctors would be swamped with demands for cannabis cards from people insisting they were seriously ill and needed it for pain relief .
Dr Coleman , and other MPs , said there were prescription drugs available which used THC , the active ingredient in cannabis .
Labour 's health spokeswoman , Ruth Dyson , said the prescription drugs were " horrifically expensive " and although there were problems with the bill the health select committee should have a chance to consider it .
The bill would have amended the Misuse of Drugs Act and it had been on Parliament 's order paper for three years .
- By PETER WILSON , NZPA
Naughty
Dog has never been prone to keeping secrets , even during their PS2 days .
They were more than happy to swap technology with notable PS2 developer , Insomniac Games , and work with other developers in order to get the most out of the hardware .
And thanks to the efforts of Phil Harrison , this generous behavior has carried over to all first party PS3 developers .
However , Evan Wells , the co-president of Naughty Dog , revealed that his team is taking the concept of technology sharing to an entirely new level .
“ We ’re very fortunate to have a great group of first party developers within Sony that we ’re able to collaborate with .
We ’re frequently exchanging technical ideas and even share some code from time to time .
We ’ve even posted the entire source code of Uncharted : Drake ’s Fortune to Sony ’s internal severs so that any first party developer can look through it , or borrow from it …and we plan on doing the same thing when Uncharted 2 ships . ”
But 3rd party developers , despite lacking access to this code , still get special treatment from the Dogs .
Evan noted that Sony ’s ICE team , located internally at Naughty Dog , has been releasing optimized PS3 code through EDGE libraries for years to all PS3 developers .
Here are some of the technologies that will be made available to first party devs through Uncharted 2 ’s source code once the title releases this Fall :
Screen Space Ambient Occlusion
Deferred Rendering
Cloud Computing
Parallax Mapping
High Dynamic Range Tone - Mapping
Per Object Motion Blur
Cascade Shadows
Subsurface Scattering
[ Source ]
Dreams .
What are they ?
An escape from reality or reality itself ?
Waking Life follows the dream (s ) of one man and his attempt to find and discern the absolute difference between waking life and the dreamworld .
While trying to figure out a way to wake up , he runs into many people on his way ; some of which offer one sentence asides on life , others delving deeply into existential questions and life 's mysteries .
We become the main character .
It becomes our dream and our questions being asked and answered .
Can we control our dreams ?
What are they telling us about life ?
About death ?
About ourselves and where we come from and where we are going ?
The film does not answer all these for us .
Instead , it inspires us to ask the questions and find the answers ourselves .
Written by Jeff Mellinger < jmell@uclink4.berkeley.edu >
Note : follow - up post .
An iPhone app developer ’s world is lonely .
We were legally prevented by NDA from forming any communities for many months after the SDK was launched , and even now , there are no significantly sized iPhone developer communities ( except the occasionally good iPhone questions on Stack Overflow , but even that is now too flooded with newbie questions to be useful for experts or semi-experts to follow ) .
Three parties are involved : the developers ( us ) , Apple , and the customers .
For the most part , Apple stands between us and our customers , so the interaction there is limited : we ca n’t issue refunds , we can only issue a few promo copies , we ca n’t collect upgrade revenue , we ca n’t respond to App Store reviews , we ca n’t provide installation support , and we ca n’t release updates to address customers ’ issues in a reasonable amount of time .
We ca n’t even tell them when the next update will be available , because we honestly do n’t know .
It might be 6 days .
It also might be 2 months .
It also might never happen because Apple may refuse any further updates to our app .
Our customers , like us , are mostly in the dark with this process , and we ca n’t do much to help them .
For the most part , it ’s just us and Apple in the room .
And Apple ’s a brick wall .
For Mac development , it ’s less of an issue because we can freely interact with our customers , build apps that do whatever we want , release updates immediately and as often as we like , and collect money directly .
Mac developers and Apple can largely ignore each other , coexisting happily and staying out of each other ’s way .
But for iPhone developers , Apple holds all of the power in the relationship .
Apple could decide tomorrow to pull Instapaper from the App Store , refuse all future updates , and remotely delete it from every customer ’s iPhone without notice or reason .
Or , more realistically , they could sit on my 2.0 update for two weeks or more before rejecting it for an issue they could have mentioned in either of its two previous rejections .
( Currently still waiting : it ’s now day 14 since my most recent submission , and I have no idea when — or whether — it will be approved . )
Trust
When the relationship ’s power is so lopsided , the only sensible reason to stay in it is trust .
If we can reasonably trust Apple to use its power reasonably and fairly , we can sustain the imbalance .
It ’s hard to trust a huge corporation with thousands of employees .
There ’s no personal accountability and absolutely no transparency .
They are n’t even accessible to us : the phone representatives have no authority and very little knowledge of the problems developers may encounter , and the support email addresses rarely end up in the correct department ( as if we have any way to know ) and rarely get meaningfully answered .
As far as we can tell , from what Apple presents publicly , there ’s absolutely no reason to trust them at all to do the right thing .
In fact , it ’s quite the opposite .
Most reasonable people would perceive Apple ’s attitude toward iPhone developers as , at best , reluctant tolerance .
Hostility
The last session of WWDC ‘09 yesterday was about publishing on the App Store .
The content of sessions is under NDA , so I ca n’t tell you what it was about .
So I ’ll tell you what was n’t in it : the audience Q&A session that succeeded nearly every other WWDC session and usually provided invaluable access to Apple employees and useful additional knowledge to attendees .
The session itself blew through its lightweight examples quickly , ending 45 minutes early .
The majority of the audience was clearly there for the Q&A .
As people lined up at the microphones around the room , the presenter abruptly showed a simple slide with only “ WWDC ” in plain lettering , thanked us for coming , and bolted off the stage .
The Apple engineers , usually staying around the stage for one - on - one questions , were gone .
The lights came up instantly , and it was the only session that did n’t end in music .
The audience was stunned .
It was a giant middle finger to iPhone developers .
And that ’s the closing impression that Apple gave us for WWDC .
Clearly , they had absolutely no interest in fielding even a single question from the topic that we have the most questions about .
This went far beyond reluctant tolerance .
It ’s hard to interpret it as anything else except blatant hostility .
We could probably have a more open discussion with Kim Jong - il about North Korea ’s nuclear policy .
The human side of Apple
One of the most valuable benefits of attending WWDC is getting the otherwise unattainable opportunity to meet Apple employees and interact with them as human beings rather than the wall of silence and hostility that ’s usually presented to us .
In talking to many Apple employees this week , it ’s clear that the hostility and inaccessibility is not generally a problem with most individual employees or any sort of universal culture inside the company .
In fact , nearly everyone from Apple that I spoke with was helpful , friendly , and — most importantly — human .
These were just regular people who deal with hard problems and need to keep a lot of secrets .
The problematic policies and attitudes , clearly , are enforced from higher up in the company .
To some extent , this is comforting : most of an app developer ’s risky decisions ( mainly rejections ) are made by the lower - level people who seem well - intentioned .
I ’ve also learned that many of the problems are n’t intentional : many parts of Apple ’s internal infrastructure are overloaded or extremely outdated , and they ’re scrambling to keep up with their growth , often ineffectively .
One major surprise was when an Apple employee told me that the App Store reviewers are not outsourced : they ’re all direct , full - time Apple employees .
Many of them work nights and weekends to keep up with the extremely high submission volume , and they ’re constantly expanding the staff to keep up with the submission growth .
That said , he would n’t say whether they work in Cupertino — it ’s very possible that a little App Review office in Bangalore could technically not be called “ outsourced ” but is certainly offshored .
( I was also unable to get a direct answer on my artificial delay theory . )
I also learned , through various statements and implications , that the App Review team tries to actively avoid major blog publicity about bad rejections , and it ’s something they take very seriously .
This means , fortunately for us as iPhone - dev bloggers , that we matter and we should continue to bitch incessantly whenever anything is rejected for an invalid or ridiculous reason .
I ’m satisfied and somewhat comforted by the human side of Apple that I ’ve met so far , but nothing could replace better ( than zero ) transparency .
While I ’m glad I met some employees to finally get some insight into how they operate , I wish I did n’t need to .
Note : follow - up post .
Scientists recently exposed an elaborate Chinese computer - spying operation , and the Pentagon says it is under near - constant ‘ cyber - attack . ’
How vulnerable is the U.S. to foreign hackers ?
What is cyberwarfare ?
It ’s the malicious misuse of computer networks to steal from , spy on , and cripple government operations , military defenses , and crucial infrastructure .
Cyber - attacks have become much more prevalent — and dangerous — in recent years , as nearly every important government department , corporation , and private organization has opened a window to the outside world through the World Wide Web .
A chilling example came to light in March , when a team of British and Canadian researchers reported that a network of Chinese hackers , dubbed GhostNet , had penetrated the computer systems of Tibet ’s government in exile , NATO headquarters , and the governments of Germany , Spain , and Iran .
Among other things , the hackers stole documents outlining the Tibetans ’ strategy for negotiating with Beijing .
Computers have also been used to steal plans for advanced U.S. weaponry , siphon millions from banks , and harass political dissidents .
How frequent are these attacks ?
“ We are under cyber - attack virtually all the time , every day , ” says Defense Secretary Robert Gates .
There were 5,499 known breaches of federal computer systems in 2008 , the Department of Homeland Security reports , up from 2,172 in 2006 .
Those incidents were “ only the tip of the iceberg , ” says a Pentagon official .
“ The vulnerability may be bigger than we think . ”
In 2007 , high - tech spies broke into computers housing data on the F - 35 Joint Strike Fighter jet that Lockheed is building for the Pentagon .
Utility officials have detected breaches in the computer networks that control the three main U.S. electrical grids .
The hacks have raised fears that an enemy , perhaps terrorists , could have planted bugs to disable electrical power sources before an attack .
“ Do I worry about those grids ? ” asks Joel Brenner , a top U.S. counterintelligence official .
“ You bet I do . ”
Where do the attacks come from ?
Mostly Russia and China , say U.S. officials .
But they ca n’t be sure if Moscow and Beijing are behind the attacks , or if they were carried out by freelance criminals .
Russian criminal gangs , after all , pioneered the dark arts of computer hacking .
In one spectacular caper in 1994 , a gang penetrated Citigroup ’s internal network and stole $ 10 million .
Russian hackers also attacked Georgia ’s Internet service before Russian forces invaded that country last summer .
A blizzard of computer messages overwhelmed servers in Georgia , knocking out telephone service and ATMs .
The disruptive messages were traced to computers in Russia , including some belonging to intelligence agencies .
“ It is , quite simply , implausible that the parallel attacks by land and by cyberspace were a coincidence , ” says Eka Tkeshelashvili , head of Georgia ’s National Security Council .
How do cyberwarriors penetrate internal systems ?
They use some of the same tools and tricks used by spammers and hackers who create and disseminate viruses .
The GhostNet hackers took over the computers of the Dalai Lama ’s Tibetan government in exile by sending e-mails to people in the Dalai Lama ’s office that contained innocent - looking attachments , such as lists of human - rights organizations .
Clicking on the attachment unleashed a virus that allowed the hackers to read data on the computer and link it with other hijacked computers into a “ botnet ” — a secret network controlled by the hackers .
Using the botnet , they stole files that helped the Chinese track suspected dissidents .
“ People in Tibet may have died as a result , ” reported the British computer engineers who helped expose GhostNet .
Are all the hackers foreign ?
Actually , some of the best work for Uncle Sam .
“ I believe that it is the Americans who steal the most secrets , ” says Chen Wenguang of Beijing ’s Tsinghua University .
He ’s hardly an objective source , of course , but it ’s true that computer scientists at the Pentagon and U.S. intelligence agencies developed some of the most advanced cyberwar technologies , including sensors that eavesdrop on computer keystrokes and viruses that use a computer ’s own camera and microphone to bug the user .
Pentagon officials wo n’t confirm that they have a cyberwarfare operation , but they hint that foreign attacks do n’t go unanswered .
“ A good defense also depends on a good offense , ” says Air Force Gen. Kevin Chilton , head of the U.S. Strategic Command .
( See below . )
Can the cybersnoops be stopped ?
Fire walls and virus detectors help , but nobody believes they are foolproof .
Hackers have learned to crack even heavily encrypted passwords within seconds .
Their task is made easier by poor security practices .
In 2005 , hackers ran wild through the computers at NASA , in part because many employees there used simple and obvious passwords such as “ administrator . ”
In an operation that went undiscovered for seven months , the cyberspies stole 20 gigabytes of compressed data — the equivalent of 30 million pages of information — about the space program .
In many cases , the best defense is simply to keep all secret information on computers with no access to the Internet , or to avoid computers altogether .
Security experts urged the staff of the Dalai Lama ’s office to use nothing more advanced than pen and paper for their most sensitive notes and documents .
Says British computer scientist Ross Anderson : “ It takes a professor of computer science to have the confidence to say that some things simply should never be put on a computer . ”
America ’s cyber-arsenal
Although the Pentagon wo n’t discuss cyberwarfare strategy , there ’s little doubt the U.S. is engaged in the battle .
“ We view cyberspace as a war - fighting domain , ” says Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman , “ and we are going to protect and defend it .
The key is to stay one step ahead of the enemy . ”
Toward that end , the Pentagon is reportedly developing offensive cyberweapons , such as software that sneaks onto a server and destroys any botnets it controls , and doctored chips that allow the U.S. to surreptitiously control computers .
As a defensive measure , the Pentagon is building a scale model of the Internet , to simulate attacks on the electrical grid , telecommunications networks , and the financial system .
The government has even been recruiting experienced hackers who not long ago were on the other side of the law .
“ They ’re not the kind of soldier that I grew up with , ” admits Gen. William Lord , head of the Air Force ’s newly formed Cyber Command .
But we need this “ different kind of crowd , ” he says .
“ This is speed - of - light warfare , not speed - of - sound warfare .
It ’s faster than the F - 22 . ”
LATIN LABELS :
The new names for Wellington Zoo 's pygmy marmosets will probably reflect their South American origin .
Wellington Zoo's new pygmy marmosets could end up with an identity crisis after Dominion Post readers suggested a bewildering variety of names .
Suggested marmoset monikers include Ziggy and Stardust " as one has two different coloured eyes like David Bowie " , Laura Swinburne wrote .
However , the zoo will probably favour names inspired by their country of origin .
Brian King suggested two Inca names reflecting their natural habitat of Peru and Ecuador ; Mayta and Cuca .
" These are the names of the king and queen of the Incas in the 13th century .
Mayta Capac and Mama Cuca .
They were very famous and powerful .
These names will hopefully lend the little marmosets strength . "
Pygmy marmosets are the smallest monkeys in the world , weighing just 120 grams .
Blair Griffiths , apparently an Austin Powers fan , suggested Mini-mar and Mee-moset .
" Then they could be called mini - me for short . "
All suggestions will be sent to Wellington Zoo , which will make the final decision .
The winner will get a family pass to the zoo and a chimpanzee " adoption " package .
Entries close at 5 pm today .
* Post your suggestions for names for the marmosets below .
Egyptian authorities said they arrested 25 radical Islamic terrorists who were planning a terror attack at the Suez Canal .
The chief of the crew is a member of Al - Qaeda from Gaza , security officials said , while the rest were Egyptian citizens .
Most were technicians and engineers .
Authorities say the group was planning to remotely set off explosives , using cell phones to hit ships plying the canal .
They were also planning to damage or destroy oil pipelines running beneath the canal .
The group had undergone intensive training in terrorist tactics and fighting , including learning how to build car bombs .
Full story
Although it seems that the Labour Government has delayed the Parliamentary rubber stamping , originally scheduled for this Wednesday , to sometime later , perhaps next month , a couple of the Secondary legislation Draft Statutory Instruments which list some more of the the devilish detail of the National Identity Register compulsory centralised biometric database and ID Cards scheme are now available online .
See the previous Spy Blog article : National Identity Cards Scheme creep - 4 Draft Orders laid before Parliament under the Identity Cards Act 2006
The two new Draft SIs are :
The Identity Cards Act 2006 ( Prescribed Information ) Regulations 2009
This gives a glimpse of the Prescribed Information which will be in plaintext and that which will be Encrypted on the actual ID SmartCard .
Why there needs to be a specific clause about membership of the Privy Council , is a mystery .
Note that there is no provision for mandating the encryption of the data once it is floating about the Government 's or Private Sector partners computer networks .( something which the incompetently draughted , anti-Denial of Service attack inspired Section 29 Tampering with the Register etc. inadvertently criminalises )
The Identity Cards Act 2006 ( Application and Issue of ID Card and Notification of Changes ) Regulations 2009
There are two major issues with the detail of this latter SI , both to do with the extra information which ALL Applicants ( for a new entry on the National Identity Register , or for a Modified Entry , within 3 months of when their circumstances have changed ) .are REQUIRED to supply .
These data are not included in the statutory list of Registrable Facts listed in the Identity Cards Act 2006 Schedule 1 Information that may be recorded in Register
e.g .
( a ) full name by which the applicant is commonly known for official purposes , ( b ) any other names by which the applicant is or has been known for official purposes and details of the period during which the applicant is or has been so known ,
What exactly are these " official purposes " ?
Official purposes of the Home Office ?
Any other UK Government Department ?
Any UK non-Governmental agency like the Police or your semi-privatised National Health Hospital Trust ?
Any other European Union Government Department or agency ?
Any and all of these are capable of misspelling your name on their plethora of incompatible computer systems .
Why should you have to help the Home Office to propagate errors and mistakes , on a database that will haunt you for the rest of your life , and beyond ?
Much more sinister , is the demand for :
( m ) a contact telephone number for the applicant ,
( this phrase occurs in three different Schedules to these Regulations )
Why is this REQUIRED to be supplied by ALL applicants ?
It may come as a surprise to the Home Office , but not everyone in the UK actually has a " contact telephone number " !
Note that there is no provision for a contact email address !
Postal addresses , even for those who are homeless , are already covered in the rest of the Regulations .
Who will the Home Office be handing this contact telephone number data over to ?
N.B. " contact telephone number " is not going to be stored on the National Identity Register database or the ID Card itself , but it must still be supplied as part of the registration or modification process .
Therefore it is exempt from the vague promises made by the Labour politicians and apparatchiki , about the privacy and security of the actual National Identity Register database itself .
So why is there this demand for for a " contact telephone number " , for which there is no good reason for the Home Office to be told about , and kept updated for the 5 to 10 year lifetime of each ID Card , and cumulatively for the rest of your life ?
This has all the appearance of a sneaky attempt to link Names and Addresses to unregistered pre-paid mobile phone handsets , something which would fit in with the rest of the Home Office 's Communications Traffic Data retention and snooping plans .
It also looks suspiciously like the sort of data which the Home Office would like to sell to private sector companies , like the controversial , data hungry 118800 mobile phone directory service .
( see The Register - Mobile directory made legal threats to get personal details )
There is no easy or cheap error correction mechanism , set forth in this series of complicated Statutory Instruments .
All the power is with the bureaucrats , or their sub - contractors , and all the legal responsibility , risk and expense in chasing up errors , is lumped on to the innocent members of the public , on whom this ID cards scheme is being inflicted .
Will any Members of Parliament actually bother to scrutinise these Draft Statutory Instruments in detail , or will they simply be rubber stamped , as usual ?
The uproar sparked by the unfettered installation of unsightly aerial pay TV cables in the 1990s was the catalyst for the formation of lobby group Sydney Cables Down Under and others like it .
This group now has a new fight on its hands with the Rudd Government in cahoots with the Rees Government moving to override the concerns of residents and NSW 's 152 councils to roll out aerial cables as part of the proposed national broadband network .
Despite planning to spend $ 43 billion on its half - baked " Ruddnet " plan , federal Labor is looking at ways to minimise time and to cut costs .
Optus estimates that if 100 per cent of the network 's cables are deployed underground , as I am sure most taxpayers will quite reasonably expect , the network would cost $ 60 billion .
These figures give weight to the strong suspicion that the project 's costings , which are little more than guesstimates , are based on a national network involving up to 70 per cent of the cables being strung between power poles .
Most of the time I usually showcase more on photoshop brushes here in Naldz Graphics like the last post 22 Free High Quality Doodle Photoshop Brushes Set .
Although most designers and photoshop users commonly use brushes , using custom Photoshop shapes can save a lot of time too .
This post is a showcase of 30 +
Useful Custom Photoshop Shape Set .
These custom shapes are free to use .
2014 Update :
We have added more customs shapes resources for your Photoshop for you to have more choices for your next design projects .
Scroll down and check them all out .
Come , take a peek , and choose your pick !
50 Photoshop Sun Shapes
Useful Shape
People Silhouettes
Free 45 Custom Shapes
Shapeset 05 Miscellanious
Sea Creatures
Photoshop Custom Shapes Bugs
Live Trees
Custom Shapes Pack v. 1.1
Urban Designs Custom Shapes
Photoshop Shapes : World Map
Photoshop Shapes – Hot babes
Assorted Logos
Code Geass Symbol Set
Surfing Themed Shapes
Kiddy Stuffs
Backflip540 sunburst shapes
Shapeset 07
Photoshop Custom Shapes No-1
50s Custom Shapes Pack
Splat Shapes
Free 45 Custom Shapes
PS - CSH Stars V2.0
Business Girls
Splats N Drips_Custom Shapes
Horse Photoshop Shapes
Custom shapes ornaments
yoga custom shapes photoshop
Nautical Photoshop Custom Shapes
Free Frame Photoshop Custom Shapes Set
Photoshop Shapes Pack
Fancy Labels Custom Shapes
Zebra Photoshop custom shapes
Vector Shapes
Yazooy Paisley Shapes
Free 45 Heart Custom Shapes
Map Description :
Onwards my faithful !
The graphics being used are a mishmash of everything out there .
However , I did draw a new barrel graphic and smoothed floor tile based upon a zelda game .
I got to the point where I am , again , not sure what to do ....
I do n't quite have a running glass factory or metal smiting operation , although I do have the workshops constructed .
The entrance needs work , something grand I am thinking .
Since August 2015 , you must be signed in to add points of interest .
Comments
No comments have been added to this map .
Former President Bill Clinton who signed the Defense of Marriage
Act into law which bars federal recognition of same - sex couples has come out in favor of marriage equality .
He has been considering and " evolving " on the issue for some time .
Asked if he personally supported same - sex marriage , Clinton replied , " Yeah . "
" I personally support people doing what they want to do , " Clinton said .
" I think it 's wrong for someone to stop someone else from doing that [ same - sex marriage ] " ( " After speaking at the Campus Progress National Conference in Washington , DC , on July 8 , the former president was asked if he supported same - sex marriage .
Clinton , in a departure from past statements , replied in the affirmative .
Asked if he personally supported same - sex marriage , Clinton replied , " Yeah . "
" I personally support people doing what they want to do , " Clinton said .
" I think it 's wrong for someone to stop someone else from doing that [ same - sex marriage ] " ( The Nation ) .
This statement is a major kick to the already unstable legislation .
Growing numbers of democrats and even republicans are coming out in support of repealing DOMA .
The Haskell Cheatsheet Justin Bailey < jgbailey@codeslower.com >
Learning Haskell is not easy .
Besides the syntax , concepts , and advanced types , there is a real lack of succinct , accessible references .
As I learned Haskell I frequently wanted a quick reference for syntax , keywords and other language elements .
The Haskell Report , while very thorough , was n't quite it .
For that reason I 've created this cheatsheet .
It 's intended for beginning to intermediate Haskell programmers to use as a quick - reference guide for syntax , keywords or other language issues .
You can obtain it in four different ways :
Download directly in PDF format : CheatSheet.pdf
As a Haskell package on HackageDB .
After downloading , unpack the tarball and the PDF is inside .
Using cabal install with " cabal install cheatsheet " .
Afterwards , run the " cheatsheet " program and it will tell you where the PDF is located .
" . Afterwards , run the " " program and it will tell you where the PDF is located .
The Haskell Cheatsheet from Amazon.com , formatted especially for the Kindle eReader .
The guide itself is written as a " literate " Haskell file , meaning it is directly executable .
That file is available when using the latter two options above .
The source is hosted at http://github.com/m4dc4p/cheatsheet/tree/master and can be cloned from git://github.com/m4dc4p/cheatsheet.git .
¿ Usted habla español ?
Jaime Soffer was kind enough to translate the Haskell Cheatsheet into Spanish !
Just download CheatSheetEs.pdf from his GitHub repository .
The Huffington Post published a previously - unseen letter from LSD creator Albert Hofmann to Steve Jobs , who has in the past praised LSD 's influence on his creative thinking .
Advertisement
The Life of Steve Jobs Steve Jobs ’ death is heartbreaking , but might be the perfect point to take a second and look at the Read more
The letter itself is n't too illuminating ; Hofmann was an incredible 101 years old at the time of writing , and merely mentions that he knew Jobs had mentioned LSD in a positive light in the press .
Hofmann asks whether Jobs would like to contribute to an LSD - assisted psychotherapy study , and colorfully asks for Jobs 's assistance in turning his " problem child " ( Hofmann 's pet name for LSD ) into a " wonder child . "
I understand from media accounts that you feel LSD helped you creatively in your development of Apple computers and your personal spiritual quest .
I 'm interested in learning more about how LSD was useful to you .
Advertisement
But the story around the letter , and Jobs 's affiliation with the hallucinogen , are pretty interesting .
Check out the original text ( Hofmann 's got great handwriting for a guy 101 years old ) and background over at HuffPo , and read our exhaustive summary of the life of Steve Jobs here .
[ Huffington Post , thanks Caitlin ! ]
Solar Brand : A truly intense experience
This past weekend I drove from my home in Austin , Texas , to Phoenix , Arizona to visit a friend .
I needed to get away from all of the madness , and sadness , that was lingering here .
When I first talked to Rome about the possibility of visiting , he asked if he could brand me .
I did n’t know much about it , only seen about two videos ( one of them his ) and read a short article on ModBlog once about it , but I said yes anyway .
Of course , I did what research I could before I left .
However , there ’s not a lot out there ...
This past weekend I drove from my home in Austin , Texas , to Phoenix , Arizona to visit a friend .
I needed to get away from all of the madness , and sadness , that was lingering here .
When I first talked to Rome about the possibility of visiting , he asked if he could brand me .
I did n’t know much about it , only seen about two videos ( one of them his ) and read a short article on ModBlog once about it , but I said yes anyway .
Of course , I did what research I could before I left .
However , there ’s not a lot out there ... read more
My First Solar Brand
Being very fair skinned , meaning it is impossible for me to get a tan .
Ever .
I have always had a healthy respect for the sun .
It was this respect that made me very curious about solar branding .
A tecnique of branding in which the suns rays are concentrated through a crystal sphere into a stenciled image on the skin .
I first heard about this method a few years ago from Andrew S. of Las vegas .
It was during his sun gazing fast that he had the idea of this sterile form of branding .
After testing the procedure on himself and getting ...
Being very fair skinned , meaning it is impossible for me to get a tan .
Ever .
I have always had a healthy respect for the sun .
It was this respect that made me very curious about solar branding .
A tecnique of branding in which the suns rays are concentrated through a crystal sphere into a stenciled image on the skin .
I first heard about this method a few years ago from Andrew S. of Las vegas .
It was during his sun gazing fast that he had the idea of this sterile form of branding .
After testing the procedure on himself and getting ... read more
Do you smell something ?
my branding experience i've been pierced .
i've stretched .
i've been tattooed .
i've been cut .
next on my list was branding .
i've known for a long time that i wanted a brand , but i was n't sure of the design .
several possibilities had been floating around in my head , but none of them seemed right .
i narrowed it down to two choices , then realized that one of the first ideas i had come up with was the right one .
i would be branded with the rune Uruz .
it 's a very simple design , just straight lines , and very symbolic .
it represents the wild energy present in ... i've been pierced .
i've stretched .
i've been tattooed .
i've been cut .
next on my list was branding .
i've known for a long time that i wanted a brand , but i was n't sure of the design .
several possibilities had been floating around in my head , but none of them seemed right .
i narrowed it down to two choices , then realized that one of the first ideas i had come up with was the right one .
i would be branded with the rune Uruz .
it 's a very simple design , just straight lines , and very symbolic .
it represents the wild energy present in ... read more
scarification to date I forget how I first discovered scarification .
possibly though the knife play and medical areas of BDSM , possibly the time I saw a girl with a fall arm scar , or possibly though interest in tattooing and looking at links for ' weird tattoos ' .
At first I thought the idea weird , but gradually grew to like it , much like anything good .
in my young teenage years I had self harmed , I also collected ( and still do ) bladed instruments , from straight razors , to knifes , swords and scalpels , and felt very comfortable with a sharp tool in my hand .
I ’ve also conducted some minor ... I forget how I first discovered scarification .
possibly though the knife play and medical areas of BDSM , possibly the time I saw a girl with a fall arm scar , or possibly though interest in tattooing and looking at links for ' weird tattoos ' .
At first I thought the idea weird , but gradually grew to like it , much like anything good .
in my young teenage years I had self harmed , I also collected ( and still do ) bladed instruments , from straight razors , to knifes , swords and scalpels , and felt very comfortable with a sharp tool in my hand .
I ’ve also conducted some minor ... read more
My Strike Branding Experience I had been a fan of BME for about a year before I decided to look into getting a scarification of my own .
In everything I read and all the photos I saw I realized a few things .
Getting a skin removal scar was not going to happen , the first reason being nobody in my area was attempting this type of modification and I was n't sure I could handle a skin removal process .
This led me to the branding area of scarification so I did my research , watched videos , looked at pictures of the healing process and pretty much knew ...
I had been a fan of BME for about a year before I decided to look into getting a scarification of my own .
In everything I read and all the photos I saw I realized a few things .
Getting a skin removal scar was not going to happen , the first reason being nobody in my area was attempting this type of modification and I was n't sure I could handle a skin removal process .
This led me to the branding area of scarification so I did my research , watched videos , looked at pictures of the healing process and pretty much knew ... read more
My First Scarification
Since
I was young I have always been interested in body modification , always wanting to go bigger and further than what is considered normal and pushing my body beyond what I think I can handle .
I was 18 years old at the time when I decided I wanted to go beyond the numeral surface cuttings that I have had , I wanted a permanent planned scar .
Knowing that this would probably be even more permanent than a tattoo I took my time deciding what exactly I wanted and where .
I chose a three sided yin -yang , a sign of my BDS&M lifestyle , ...
Since I was young I have always been interested in body modification , always wanting to go bigger and further than what is considered normal and pushing my body beyond what I think I can handle .
I was 18 years old at the time when I decided I wanted to go beyond the numeral surface cuttings that I have had , I wanted a permanent planned scar .
Knowing that this would probably be even more permanent than a tattoo I took my time deciding what exactly I wanted and where .
I chose a three sided yin -yang , a sign of my BDS&M lifestyle , ... read more
D.I.Y Scarification Experience .
( The begining of my own being my own person . )
Ever since I was little , it was drilled into my naive brain that piercing and tattoos were disgusting and trashy , so , of course I believed it .
Any time I saw a piercing , I 'd think , " Ew .
That 's sick . "
Especially say , nose piercing .
The same went with tattoos .
I always thought they were stupid and ugly .
A few years later , I went to middle school .
Yep , as most would tell you , it changes your views on everything .
Many girls we 're " Goth " and scene they wore black dresses with red bows .
I thought they were ugly and stupid , but then after listening to ...
Ever since I was little , it was drilled into my naive brain that piercing and tattoos were disgusting and trashy , so , of course I believed it .
Any time I saw a piercing , I 'd think , " Ew .
That 's sick . "
Especially say , nose piercing .
The same went with tattoos .
I always thought they were stupid and ugly .
A few years later , I went to middle school .
Yep , as most would tell you , it changes your views on everything .
Many girls we 're " Goth " and scene they wore black dresses with red bows .
I thought they were ugly and stupid , but then after listening to ... read more
Self scarred hearts
From the first time I saw scarification on BME I really liked this type of modification .
I have always liked the look and feel of scars , I think they can be very beautiful .
However I did n't know if I would ever get any done personally and was very scared about the prospect of someone cutting me .
After considering it for a while I decided I wanted to do scarification on myself .
I would be much more comfortable cutting myself than having someone else do it because I have self harmed for quite a few years so I feel I know ...
From the first time I saw scarification on BME I really liked this type of modification .
I have always liked the look and feel of scars , I think they can be very beautiful .
However I did n't know if I would ever get any done personally and was very scared about the prospect of someone cutting me .
After considering it for a while I decided I wanted to do scarification on myself .
I would be much more comfortable cutting myself than having someone else do it because I have self harmed for quite a few years so I feel I know ... read more
Musings After My Scarification
I was scarred by Brian Decker on October 31 , 2009 during his visit to Austin , Texas .
My scarification is of a blue jay .
It is placed on the left side of my torso ; it is approximately eight by four inches ; and it is incredibly detailed .
The process lasted just over four hours .
Decker used cutting , skin removal , and shading techniques .
As time progresses and I surpass the five week mark of being scarred , I keep reflecting on all the things I failed to realize before Brian Decker removed some of my skin ...
As far as cleaning : I washed my scar ... I was scarred by Brian Decker on October 31 , 2009 during his visit to Austin , Texas .
My scarification is of a blue jay .
It is placed on the left side of my torso ; it is approximately eight by four inches ; and it is incredibly detailed .
The process lasted just over four hours .
Decker used cutting , skin removal , and shading techniques .
As time progresses and I surpass the five week mark of being scarred , I keep reflecting on all the things I failed to realize before Brian Decker removed some of my skin ...
As far as cleaning : I washed my scar ... read more
Some black holes are too big .
Some black holes are too small .
A letter appearing in this week 's edition of Nature describes how astronomers may have found one that is just right .
The letter , written by a team of British and French astronomers , does not state that they have found an intermediate mass black hole — one that could be termed just right — but that they have found an object where most other explanations fail to explain its behavior .
The object , 2XMM J011028.1-460421 or ( more conveniently ) HLX - 1 , is a source of ultraluminous X - rays near the spiral galaxy ESO 243- 49 .
These X - rays have been postulated to be the product of an intermediate mass black hole , one between 100 and 10,000 solar masses , but to date no candidate object has been widely accepted .
Initially observed in November 2004 , HLX - 1 was re-imaged in November 2008 .
In order to understand the nature of the ultraluminous X - rays emanating from HLX - 1 , the researchers needed to understand its relationship with the host galaxy .
They first attempted to see if the X - rays at HLX - 1 could be due to a random alignment of some background galaxies within the field of the ESO 243- 49 host galaxy , but a series of 1,000,000 Monte Carlo simulations found this outcome to have a probability of only nine percent .
The authors are able to rule out any foreground interference due to the shape of the X - ray spectrum .
Given that that HLX - 1 appears to be part of ESO 243 - 49 , the authors went on to examine other possible causes .
According to the paper , a Galactic white dwarf accreting from a low - mass neighbor would show up in the X - ray spectrum , but not the visible spectrum .
A low mass binary neutron star system would not exhibit the same type of spectrum observed — one that is consistent with an accreting black hole .
Some blazars could have a similar spectrum , but the low adsorption seen here rules that possibility out .
The fact that there is a difference in the observations between 2004 and 2008 suggest that this is not a case of multiple low - intensity sources adding together .
Finally , the derived luminosity and spectrum shape are n't consistent with the idea that this is due to either relativistic or geometric beaming .
With most other causes exhausted , we 're left with the conclusion that HLX - 1 is the " strongest case thus far for the existence of intermediate - mass black holes . "
Calculations based around the luminosity of this object suggest that it has a lower mass limit of approximately 500 solar masses , putting it squarely in the middle range for this class of object .
However , the authors admit that this is a conservative estimate .
Nature , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1038/nature08083
Listing image by Heidi Sagerud
The United States military is still researching a controversial microwave weapon that could be deployed against crowds from aircraft .
The US military is to increase funding for the Active Denial System ( ADS ) from $ 2mil to $ 10 mil despite the controversy surrounding the weapon .
The ADS is described by the Pentagon as a ' non- lethal weapon ' and is intended to be used a crowd control device .
The ADS works by using microwaves to heat the skin , in theory without burning it , to produce a sensation that causes crowds to flee .
However , a Dortmund University researcher , Jurgen Altmann , found that microwave beams cause serious burns at levels marginally above those required to repel crowds .
The ADS was first revealed in 2001 , but its controversial nature has meant it has not yet been employed in crowd control situations .
2007 tests resulted in a US soldier being hospitalised with severe burns .
It is believed that the US military intention is to develop the technology so that it can be used on crowds from aircraft above .
With political and economic unrest in many countries , the development of novel weapons against crowds is of particular concern to many activists .
A weapon of this nature could be employed against picket lines and factory occupations , particularly given the history of repression by various states on political protestors , trade unionists and recently , the G20 protests in London .
1
This is the easiest way to complete your first doll .
Once you get a feel for the colors and doll making you can experiment with your way of doll making .
The kit should contain everything you need to complete the project such as paints , stuffing materials , body , doll limbs , mohair , and the tools to complete the doll .
A doll - making kit should cost around $ 150 and will contain almost everything needed for your first project .
If you do not purchase a kit , the following suggested items will help you get started in reborning .
There are purchase links listed in the sources section of this article .
US federal and state agents have arrested 82 people on suspicion of growing more than $ US1.2 billion ( $ 1.5 billion ) worth of marijuana in California 's Sierra Nevada mountains .
Fresno County Sheriff Margaret Mims said several Mexican drug cartels were involved in the operations .
All but one of the people arrested were from Mexico .
Gil Kerlikowske , who directs the White House 's Office of National Drug Control Policy , said agents had destroyed more than 314,000 marijuana plants at 70 different sites over 10 days .
He said more arrests were pending .
Kerlikowske was in Fresno County to express support for the sweep , which also netted $ US41,000 ( $ 50,400 ) in cash , 26 firearms and three vehicles .
AP
I 'm working on my own Independent Film at the moment , these are some snap shots I took for creating the main character in the story .
The name of the film is called , " Desert Samurai " , and I play the main character in the film .
That is my sacred katana there behind me .
Getting a feel for the main character here as he draws his sword .
The Samurai warrior displays his blade before his opponent .
The warrior is ready for battle !
I wore my summer Kimono that I got while living in Japan for all these shots .
Recently got a hair cut , I think she took a little too much off , what do you think ?
Messy hair after an all nite chat session , see the morning sun peering through the curtains behind me ?
This weekend I took a trip to the Hopi Indian Reservation to watch the Kachina Dances .
This is me the day before my trip .
This is me a day after I got back , notice the difference ? ( ^_^ ) I sunburn bad , and before you say to wear sunscreen , I DID !!
Just not enough I guess ??
Anyways this will hopefully turn into a nice tan , then I can get my surfer look back !
Well I was shaving my gotee , and decided to just cut it off .
How many years younger do I look now ?
I bet I look like a teenager again eh ?
This is me showing my wavy skater spunk hair .
This is an extraordinarily common problem that almost everybody deals with from time to time , which should make you feel a bit better about doing it : first off , almost no one is going to be offended if you forget their name , especially if you ’ve just met them , because they themselves have inevitably done the same thing countless times and will therefore almost certainly be understanding and sympathetic towards you , and secondly learning how to memorize simple things like names is very easy and literally fail - safe if you know what you ’re doing ( which can be learned in 5 minutes ) :
The most important thing is the bit about association : you simply associate their name with a VISUAL image .
When doing this there is one overriding important rule to remember when coming up with the image : it must be ridiculous and illogical–it should NOT make sense .
Why ?
Because
if it does then it ’s boring and therefore NOT memorable .
The way you make it ridiculous is by employing these methods : exaggerated size and / or numbers and animation ( it should be moving ) .
The more ridiculous it is , the more memorable it is , right ?
As an example , let ’s say you meet someone named
Ronald who has a 70 ’s style porn mustache–I ’ve just visualized a tiny Ron Jeremy crawling out of their mustache and waving at me–now , what are the odds that I ( or you now , for that matter ) are ever going to forget that guy OR his name ?
Exactly , that ’s the point .
I ’ve got a video from the BBC here on how to memorize a list that is just a perfect demonstration of this , this is awesome I could n’t have wished for a better illustration , look at this and pay close attention :
Additional Resources and Further Reading
If you really want to delve into this then you have to go to the man who knows about these things and get what ’s considered the bible of memory techniques : Harry Lorayne ’s ‘ The Memory Book ’
Mindtools.com has got a bunch of awesome techniques you can learn , and this is very similar to what Harry Lorayne teaches ( I used his stuff in highschool and college so I know it works )
Sen. Bernie Sanders and the Coalition of the Unwilling
Earlier this month , the Politico's Carrie Budoff Brown reported that Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) had joined with Chuck Grassley ( R - Iowa ) , Olympia Snowe ( R - Maine ) , Mike Enzi ( R - Wyo. ) , Orrin Hatch ( R - Utah ) , Kent Conrad ( D - N.D. ) and Jeff Bingaman ( D - N.M. ) to form the " Coalition of the Willing . "
The group of four Republicans and three Democrats , Brown reported , " may well determine health care reform in the Senate . "
Earlier today , Sen. Bernie Sanders ( D - VT ) , called me from his home in Vermont to discuss a new coalition he'd been thinking about forming : " The Coalition of the Unwilling . "
An edited transcript of our discussion , which starts out with comment from Sanders and no question from me , follows .
The Coalition of the Willing sounds a bit strange to me .
You have a Democratic president and a Democratic majority in the House and 60 votes in the Senate , and the coalition that is determining health - care policy are seven people , including four Republicans ?
I have a lot of respect for Max Baucus .
I know he 's working very hard .
But I think his strategy is just not right .
The people have given the Democrats the responsibility to bring real change and that 's what people want .
You 've probably seen the New York Times poll showing 72 percent want a Medicare - like public option .
No Republicans support that at all .
So I think , with all due respect to Max and his hard work , it 's the wrong strategy .
I think the strategy should be to say to all 60 members of the Democratic caucus that even if you do n't want a public plan in the final bill , you should commit to ending the Republican filibuster .
You do n't need 60 votes to pass legislation .
You need 60 votes to end the filibuster .
And if we do that , we can get a strong public plan that will be real change .
Max calls his group the Coalition of the Willing .
We 'll try and form a Coalition of the Unwilling .
People prepared to stay strong for a strong public option .
You know my view , which is that single payer is the way to go .
But if we can't do that , at the very very very least you need to have a strong , simple , Medicare - like option that every American can use .
Have you begun talking to your colleagues about this ?
I have begun .
Look , the Democrats said give us 60 votes so we can come up with something .
They gave it to us !
I 'm not a Democrat , I 'm an Independent , but I caucus with the Democrats .
They gave us 60 votes .
So how many do we need ?
Seventy ?
Eighty ?
I understand that there are some Democrats , without ascribing motives , who are not comfortable voting for a strong public plan period .
But I think it is not asking too much that they vote against the Republican filibuster .
But people will say , look , the Democrats are n't going to vote against this bill .
We need Republican support .
It should be bipartisan .
That 's how you assure passage .
Look , I like Chuck Grassley .
But people in the country are not sitting around saying , " We need a good bipartisan bill !
That 's what we need ! ' "
They 're saying we need good , universal coverage for every American , man , woman , and child .
And it needs to be affordable .
If Chuck Grassley and Olympia Snowe and these other nice people I know decide to vote against it , that 's fine .
People in America are n't sitting up nights worrying how they 'll vote .
The goal should not be bipartisanship .
It 's passing something that is strong and good .
Photo credit : AP Photo by Dennis Cook
Greenpeace ’s third edition of the Carting Away the Oceans seafood sustainability scorecard brings some heartening news : over half of the leading U.S. supermarket chains have made progress in seafood sustainability .
Many have introduced sustainable seafood policies , and others have removed endangered “ red list ” seafood from the shelves .
The environmental organization rated supermarkets based on a number of factors : policy , initiatives , labeling , and sales of critically endangered seafood species .
But the top supermarket is n’t a boutique -y store ; it ’s Wegman ’s , a regional supermarket in the mid-Atlantic that won top honors thanks to its sustainable seafood sourcing policy .
Whole Foods ranked a measly third this year , dropping down from number one in 2008 .
And Trader Joe ’s , a specialty supermarket that tries to emphasize its down - home appeal , ranked 17 out of 20 because it stocks a multitude of “ red list ” seafood products and lacks a sustainable seafood policy .
All the supermarkets surveyed still have work to do , as they all stock critically endangered species like orange roughy , swordfish , and Chilean sea bass .
Greenpeace ’s full list of supermarkets is below .
1. Wegmans
2. Ahold USA ( Stop & Shop , Giant )
3. Whole Foods
4. Target
5. Safeway ( Dominicks , Genuardi’s , Pavilions , Randall ’s , Vons )
6. Harris Teeter
7. Walmart
8. Delhaize ( Bloom , Food Lion , Hannaford Bros. , Sweetbay )
9. Kroger ( Baker ’s , City Market , Dillon ’s , Fred Meyer , Fry ’s , King Soopers , Ralph’s ,
Smith ’s , Quality Food Center – QFC )
10 . Costco
11 . Aldi
12 . A&P ( Food Emporium , Pathmark , Super Fresh , Waldbaum’s )
13 . Supervalu ( Acme , Albertson ’s , Bristol Farms , Jewel - Osco , Save - A - Lot , Shaw’s )
14 . Giant Eagle
15 . Publix
16 . Winn -Dixie
17 . Trader Joe’s
18 . Meijer
19 . Price Chopper
20 . H.E. Butt ( H.E.B. , Central Market )
[ Greenpeace ]
From the ' ten years later ' files :
When Red Hat had its IPO in 1999 , many ( myself included ) saw it as the real coming of age of Linux .
While there is little doubt that IPO was a big event for Red Hat and Linux , perhaps an even more important one from a milestone point of view will officially occur this Friday .
As of Friday July 24 , Red Hat will join the S&P 500 index .
In my opinion this is a major milestone for Red Hat and for Linux .
Red Hat started off on the NASDAQ in 1999 then moved to the NYSE in 2006 .
Two years later , the NYSE itself moved to Linux as the underlying operating system for trading operations .
While financial services are a key vertical for Red Hat , it 's not the only one .
In the last several Red Hat earnings calls , analysts keep asking how Red Hat 's exposure to financial services is affecting its bottom line .
The answer is self - evident .
In its first quarter fiscal 2010 earnings , Red Hat showed continued growth despite the global economic downturn .
How did that happen ?
In a surprising turn of events , Microsoft has changed its mind and decided to give participants of the " Windows 7 Beta Program " a copy of Windows 7 Ultimate after all , according to the Windows 7 Team Blog : " To show our appreciation , members of the invitation - only Windows 7 Technical Beta Program will be eligible for a free , final copy of Windows 7 Ultimate .
For more information on how to take advantage of this , refer to Paul 's post in the .
Beta_Program newsgroup for details . "
The date in question is August 6 , the same day MSDN and TechNet subscribers get the RTM build .
It should be emphasized that this offer is n't available to those who tested the beta and RC build when they were released to the public .
This offer is only for testers that were invited into the beta program .
Here is the message on the newsgroup :
Thank you for doing your part in making Windows 7 great !
As a member of the technical beta program you took the time to download , install and give us your feedback on Windows 7 during development .
Over the last 7 months you have participated in chats , live meetings and newsgroups as well as reported bugs to help us find and fix many issues .
To recognize your outstanding contribution to the product we are pleased to offer you a complimentary copy of Windows 7 for your personal use .
Details :
All current members of our English technical and international mini-beta programs are eligible .
We are offering you a full ( non-upgrade ) copy of Windows 7 Ultimate Edition for your own personal use , not to be resold .
You will be able to get access to your copy one of two ways : A ) To get up and running quickly you will be able to download your copy and get your product key via Microsoft Connect .
English downloads will be available August 6th and other languages will follow as they become available .
B ) Members of our English beta program have an alternative .
We have reserved a limited amount of boxed retail copies that you can choose to receive instead .
These are ' first come , first served ' .
If you opt to have us ship you the boxed copy you should be aware that it will take much longer until you will be up and running on the final version .
We will need time to manufacture and ship the copies to you .
This means that you may not receive them until they are available on shelves October 22nd or later .
Also , for people outside the United States you may be required to pay duties or other local taxes upon receipt .
Instructions and forms for choosing one of the above options will be available on Microsoft Connect on Monday August 3rd .
On behalf of the entire Windows product team , THANK YOU !
Paul
Last week , when Microsoft announced that Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 had hit the RTM milestone , the company confirmed that its faithful testers wo n't be getting a free copy of Windows 7 , in contrast to Windows Vista testers who received the Ultimate edition for sending in at least one bug .
Many testers reacted in anger and unhappiness , even though Microsoft said this could be the case back in December 2008 when the beta program began .
Nevertheless , everything ended happily after .
Much is still left unclear on Dylan Jobes latest game .
Ever since the online epic , Warhawk , Dylan has been out of the videogaming world ’s spotlight .
Earlier this year , Dylan Jobe and a number of associates left Incognito , and formed their own development team , LightBox Interactive .
And very soon , we are going to see what the newly formed studio has to offer .
Having been dubbed , “ Warhawk in space ” , details on LightBox ’s next game are slim other than the fact it ’s being rumored to be the recently trademarked Starhawk .
In a recent tweet by Dylan Jobe himself , he confirms the game is definitely in development , and it ’s ready to show off to Sony .
Big milestone delivery to Sony on Friday .
Really exciting to see all the new stuff in the build !
Wish I could say more about it 🙁
Could this pave the way for a game unveiling at next month ’s GamesCom ?
Stick with PlayStation LifeStyle as we ’ll bring you all the latest news on this developing game .
[ Source ]
DeMint : America Is ‘ Where Germany Was Before World War II ’
Created : July 09 , 2009 09:42 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Last night , Sen. Jim DeMint ( R - S.C. ) gave a short talk and Q&A at at the National Press Club about his book “ Saving Freedom . ”
DeMint told a room of around 100 people about a conversation he ’d had with an Iranian immigrant who was panicking about the surge of government spending and control under President Obama and the Democrats .
Americans should listen to immigrants like her , said DeMint .
They understand socialism .
They understand tyrants .
But none of us have ever had it here .
We do n’t even know what it looks like .
Part of what we ’re trying to do in “ Saving Freedom ” is just show that where we are , we ’re about where Germany was before World War II where they became a social democracy .
You still had votes but the votes were just power grabs like you see in Iran , and other places in South America , like Chavez is running down in Venezuela .
People become more dependent on the government so that they ’re easy to manipulate .
And they keep voting for more government because that ’s where their security is .
When our immigrants get here , they ’re worried , because they see it happening here .
DeMint worried that it was the “ eleventh hour ” for freedom , but he disputed a question from a man who wondered if America was ripe for another revolution .
“ The reason I ’m convinced we can do this in a civilized way is that I ’ve seen , on a number of issues , that when people get informed and want to change their government , the government will change . ”
–
* You can follow TWI on Twitter and Facebook . *
My children did n't want to come to a museum ; I did n't want to come to a museum – and yet here we are making educational Chinese face - masks at the Victoria and Albert Museum .
I 'm trying to be a modern , middle - class dad , enjoying quality time with his kids .
Around me there are other dads sticking coloured paper to their masks .
We 're all attempting to have an enriching dad experience with our offspring by making traditional Chinese masks .
How did we get here ?
What am I doing to my family ?
Why does my educational face - mask look like Harriet Harman ?
Last month , President Obama told dads to switch off the television and pay more attention to their children .
Despite his good intentions , he added to the guilty , nagging doubts that haunt a generation of fathers striving to be good in a world filled with demands , distractions , cold beer and 24 - hour sports news .
Dan Miller , a father at my son's school , is often away for long periods with his work .
" When I 'm around there 's a real pressure to have the perfect day .
I plan trips and often we end up spending half the time stuck in a car .
I think there are moments when they just want you to come over and play snakes and ladders , but you can't because you 're too busy on the internet looking up directions to the city farm . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Dan and I are part of a new crop of men who really want to be amazing fathers – to make up stories at bed - time , to fashion kites out of whittled sticks , to know the names of at least some trees .
We really want to be outstanding , high - achieving parents but no one has ever fully explained exactly what this entails .
Martina Klett - Davies , research fellow at the Family and Parenting Institute , offers an explanation for our manic approach .
" Child - rearing has become a scientific project .
Children do n't grow up ; we feel we have to bring them up and raise them .
We are very competitive and we want to give our children the best ever .
In the past , before we adopted a scientific model , parenting was about children fitting into our lives . "
This is a view endorsed by my own 1970s dad who , although a notable exception , recalls a less accommodating attitude to fatherhood among his peers at the time .
" I was always entirely devoted , obviously , " ( he was ) .
" But , I think , for a lot of the dads at that time it was all about work and having enough to keep the family comfortable .
They bought their kids toys but I do n't know whether it would have occurred to them to play with them . "
The Noughties father is already in a full Fat Controller costume before the train - set is even out of the box .
Every night I battle alongside other commuting dads to return home so I can start quality time .
I 'm determined , I 'm focussed , but I have no idea what quality time means .
All I have is a suspicion that the other dads racing by me on the platform are doing more .
I burst through the front door wild - eyed , tense , shouting about museums and trees while trying to make a kite from my laptop .
I need answers ; I need to know what the hell quality time really is , and I need to know exactly how much I 'm supposed to deliver every week .
I 'm a man ; I want targets , measurable targets ( and ideally a league table with coloured badges ) .
The latest statistics quoted by the Government tell me that British dads do more than twice as much as they used to in the 1970s , but still fall short by half an hour a day .
When compared to Euro - dads we 're particularly weak – research from Edinburgh University published last year shows that , in Denmark , over 30 per cent of substantial childcare time is carried out by fathers , compared with just over 20 per cent in the UK .
I set myself the task of establishing just how many hours a week I should put in to be a better dad .
And I do n't mean average hours ; I mean really top - notch quality hours filled with educational puppetry and mask - making .
I begin by keeping a diary of my meaningful mid-week interactions with my children .
The results are shocking .
Mornings are a write - off – barely a word is spoken as I prepare for work during the Disney Channel / computer - game frenzy .
I kiss them tenderly as I leave – they duck away and roll their eyes because I 'm blocking a Wii game blasting from the television at music - festival volume .
In the evenings , I 'm managing 20 minutes of reading and chat per child plus some shouty stuff before bed .
I 'm reluctant to count that part as it mainly consists of me and my partner booming non-developmental things like : " Get in the bath ! " and " That 's my eye - socket ! "
I 'm looking for an equivalent to the excellent five - a- day diet initiative .
I want to know when I 've clocked up enough good dad time to accept an invitation to drink excessively after work .
I turn to Rich Batten , a family specialist with the Colorado Department of Human Services in the US , and ask for a definition of quality time
" We mistakenly kid ourselves that some activities count as quality time and others do n't , " he says .
" So , typically , if we 're doing something that contributes to their development or that involves an educational toy , then that feels like quality time .
It is n't so much what you do – it 's about how you do it .
Are you tuning into your child or are you thinking about your work obligations or something else ?
If you give them your full attention , that 's quality time . "
Batten is unwilling to offer me a target number weekly hours , but his observation about distractions hits home .
How many golden moments take place against a backdrop of talk - radio babble ?
The children I love and quietly worship are trying to tell me about their lives and I 'm partially listening to a documentary about organic cheese .
Already I 'm learning ; already I 'm a better dad .
I call Helen Bigham , who runs a Saturday dads ' club in east London .
The dads ' club is a place where men can come and play with their children and be with other dads .
Bigham talks about how men engage with their children most successfully when they are genuinely relaxed and enjoying themselves .
She enforces a male - only rule at the dads ' club so the men do n't feel judged or threatened by the mums .
" If you 're confident , then children will sense that and they will have fun .
We went out and built dens in the forest one weekend – the dads had a great time and so did the children .
If you choose experiences you 'll actually enjoy , they will have a better time .
You have to work out a way to make those things you enjoy more accessible to the children – if you love playing cards then play with your children . "
This is a view reinforced by Martina Klett - Davies , who says , " If you 're really enthusiastic about , say , repairing your bike , find a way to share your enthusiasm with your daughter .
You 'll be happy and she 'll be happy .
Rather than being child - centred , the child can fit in with something you really want to do . "
This approach does have a certain appeal and could save me from another weekend at the Tate Britain Art Trolley overseeing miserable children working through another interactive Cubism quiz .
I envisage many happy Sunday lunches in well - appointed gastropubs – my son and daughter rapt and smiling – as I explain why the films of Martin Scorsese redefined modern cinema .
But there is another school of thought , an approach less palatable to the self - centred modern father .
Peter Spokes is president of the National Center for Fathering in Kansas .
He talks straight and sounds a bit like John Wayne .
" Spend the time you have with your children following their agenda .
If your daughter is into dance , then take her to see a recital , watch her dance .
I had a dad who came to me and said , ' I have three daughters .
I get on great with two of them , but my eldest does n't play golf at all . '
Dads want to invite their children into their world , but what they need is for you to enter their child 's world .
It 's not about finding the the intersection of your lives , it 's about getting to know them . "
So far none of the experts has been willing to offer me my weekly target of child hours .
" How much time should I spend with my kids ? " I ask the plain - speaking Spokes .
" More than you do now , I bet . "
He 's full of inspiring , practical tips ; I have to ask him how I can create magical dad moments when my children are locked to their gaming consoles .
" You gotta spend time playing the games and be honest if you do n't know how .
Men hate taking advice , but we enjoy it when someone asks us for help .
So ask their advice .
When dad comes to them and says ' Teach me , ' they love that .
And they 'll love to beat you . "
Spokes has an unsettling test he gives dads who come to him wanting to be closer to their children .
He gives them 10 general - knowledge questions .
Is the stock market up or down ?
How much did they last pay for petrol ?
He then asks them 10 questions about their kids ' lives – the names of their teachers , their last homework topic .
The fathers invariably have only the sketchiest understanding of their children 's lives .
So I 'm building a better understanding of quality time , but now I need to know which method works best – should I be child - centred or middle - aged man-centred ?
I decide to stage a ground - breaking social experiment – we will divide a Sunday into three parts .
My son , my daughter and I will each pick an activity we truly love , and we will each attempt to share our enthusiasm .
First I will try their activity , then they will try mine .
I will whole - heartedly immerse myself in whatever they choose .
It is family democracy breaking out : I sense history being made .
I feel slightly sorry for parents whose Sundays are n't devoted to fathering experiments .
Looking deep into my son's eyes , I tell him he can pick something to do on Sunday that he'd enjoy and that Daddy would n't normally want to do .
My face is filled with optimism for our future and eager curiosity as to his choice .
" I could hit you in the penis with a baseball bat , " he responds and falls about laughing .
Still smiling , I explain that we 're looking more for an activity we can both enjoy .
There 's a lot of discussion about possibilities .
My daughter is made to understand that flying to Italy and back on the same day is tricky but eventually we make our choices .
My son picks Pro Evolution Soccer on the PS2 – I 'm not a football fan and understand nothing about this digital version .
I ask him to help me .
I place myself in the hands of my young teacher , reversing the father / son roles .
At first he enjoys talking me through the controls but soon it becomes clear that I 'm unable to retain any information at all .
He 's dealing with an idiot – an idiot who 's responsible for feeding and clothing him .
I 'm passing when I should be shooting .
I have failed to master dribbling forward .
He 's England and I'm Italy .
Italy are playing as though they 're going through a collective psychotic episode .
I score two own goals – one of which I celebrate , having become totally disoriented .
Being an eight - year - old boy , my son roars in my face , enjoys his victory and then does a dance at me .
It 's true I 've done little to build his respect , and he has n't learnt anything about fine art , but it 's tremendous fun and we manage a good 40 minutes of father and son larking .
I think of asking him if he thought it was as much fun as smashing me in the genitals with a wooden stick , but do n't want to spoil the atmosphere .
My daughter wants to watch an episode of Hannah Montana with me – for the innocents out there , this is a television series about a young girl who leads a double life as a famous singer and a regular American teen .
I 'm worried television - watching does n't count as a joint activity but , according to Martina Klett - Davies , there are two quite different ways to watch telly en famille .
" You can use the TV as a baby - sitter and sit apart having no involvement with each other , or you can sit close to your children and actively watch with them , laughing at the jokes and making references during the day . "
We cuddle up and I genuinely engage with teen America .
Obviously I 'm aware of the show ( and on many occasions have insisted it 's switched off so we can drive to a museum ) .
This time I ask about the characters , I sit tight , and I laugh ... loads .
It 's snappy and funny in a Friends - like sort of a way .
I realise that my nine - year - old 's new mastery of sarcasm ( surely the key life skill ? ) is largely thanks to Hannah 's influence .
My daughter talks me through each character as though she 's part of the core script team and , most astonishingly , is happy to switch off once our time is up .
We have had 30 minutes of Disney - driven fun and we 've been sharing Hannah references ever since .
What do I choose ?
Well , I search inside myself for a passion that I can share , something that 's personal and that will enrich their young lives and expose them to new influences – it comes to me in an instant : punk rock !
I want my children to meet the pogo-ing glue sniffers who meant so much to me when I was growing up .
I take them to the Proud Gallery in Camden Town , north London , to see a photographic celebration of the late Seventies .
Soon I 'm babbling about Stiv Bators and Debbie Harry – plus it 's sort of art .
" These are the Ramones ! " I say excitedly .
" They 're mainly dead now ! "
My daughter thinks Debbie Harry had big hair ; my son wants to go for lunch .
They are , however , fascinated by the asking prices for framed pictures and soon I 'm inventing a shaky rationale for the vast differential between the images of Keith Richards and Bruce Foxton .
We easily manage 25 minutes of full - on engagement and my son has n't made any more remarks about attacking me with sporting equipment .
The experiment is inconclusive but entirely successful .
I feel I 've found the secret to quality time , grown as a parent , and may well buy a picture of Bruce Foxton .
I 'd still like someone in authority – the Government , the EU or Jamie Oliver – to lay down guidelines for weekly fathering hours .
In the meantime , I 'm just aiming for an interim target of an extra 20 minutes per day .
None of this time will be spent in improving educational or art - related trips .
We will instead continue to explore our enthusiasms and passions – no baseball bats or wooden implements will be permitted .
Phil Hilton is the editorial director of ShortList Media
What does ' quality time ' with your kids mean to you ?
Tell us your stories about finding activities that you all enjoy Write to : yourstory@independent.co.uk
Ah , drilling for oil .
It 's just like a first kiss !
We think that 's the message to take away from this ad from the Norweigian oil industry .
Or maybe the message is " Planet - raping oil industry claims they 're actually just innocently kissing Mother Earth . "
That 's what Copyranter , who alerted us to this ad , thinks .
Take a look , and you decide .
Below that is Gregor MacDonald on Dylan Ratigan 's show extolling the virtues of drilling for oil .
No mentions of kissing a girl for the first time , though .
The Big Picture once again does the International Space Station .
My favorite picture ?
No contest :
< a href = " http://www.boston.com/bigpicture/2009/06/recent_scenes_from_the_iss.html#photo7 " target= " _blank "
Oh how I love this picture .
Of course I love shots of the Moon , but this speaks volumes .
Note the Earth just below the Moon ; the ISS was seeing the Moon through the top of Earth 's atmosphere .
As you may know , light bends when it passes from one medium to another , like from water to air , which is why a spoon in a glass looks bent .
The same is true when light passes from a vacuum through air ; it bends .
In fact , the amount the light bends depends on the angle it intercepts the boundary ; so that light coming in from one direction may get bent more than if it comes in from another .
So here comes the cool part : the Earth 's atmosphere follows the curve of the Earth , so you can picture it as a thick shell of air around us .
Here 's a diagram :
The Earth 's surface is the lower arc , and the air above the upper arc .
The Moon is to the left , the ISS to the right .
The red lines indicate the line - of - sight view to the Moon .
When an astronaut looks at the bottom of the Moon , the angle of the air / space boundary is a bit different than it is when he or she looks at the top of the Moon .
In my diagram that angle is close to being 45 degrees for the bottom line , but is more like 30 degrees for the top line .
That means the light coming from the bottom of the Moon gets bent more than the top .
As it happens , the light from the Moon gets bent upward as it passes through our air ... so the bottom of the Moon looks like it 's getting pushed into the top .
This squashes the view of the Moon !
All of the light is getting bent , but by different amounts ; the upper part of the Moon is closer to being a circle but is still distorted significantly .
Making it worse , the Moon was not quite full in this picture , so the " left " side looks off , too .
What a mess !
But it 's an explainable mess , and one that 's not even all that hard to do .
The math is really just a bit of trig and a bit of algebra .
In detail it gets more complicated , because the Earth 's air gets thinner with altitude , and I did n't account for that .
And I bet there are a hundred other variables as well .
But making some quick assumptions explains the gross characteristics of this picture just fine .
And to me , that adds to my amazement of such a shot .
Knowing more about it does n't detract from its beauty and its wonder ; it enhances them .
I really love that about science .
It 's easy to be awed when you do n't know how something works , but when you get a glimpse into the machinery behind it , get an idea of how it really works , what you see becomes that much more beautiful .
De los 5 billones 279 mil 667 millones de pesos aprobados para el Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2018 , la Ciencia , Tecnología e Innovación , tendrá un incremento de 1.6 % en términos reales con respecto a este año , según cálculos preliminares del Foro Consultivo Científico y Tecnológico .
Al final se destinaron 91 mil 952 millones de pesos .
Es decir , mil126 millones 370 mil pesos más de lo que había propuesto el Ejecutivo Federal a través de la Secretaría de Hacienda y Crédito Público .
Pero no hay que perdernos en la lectura de las cifras , si bien es cierto que hay un incremento , respecto al año pasado , esto representa el .4 % del PIB .
Dejándonos , “ otra vez ” , lejos de la meta presidencial del 1 % al inicio del sexenio ; que , dicho sea de paso , está lejos del promedio de países de la OCDE que ya invierte alrededor del 2.5 % del PIB en esta materia .
Para entender mejor
Al Consejo Nacional de Ciencia y Tecnología ( Conacyt ) se le asignaron 300 millones de pesos más respecto a lo previsto originalmente por la Secretaría de Hacienda , los cuales quedaron asignados a la partida correspondiente al propio Conacyt .
No obstante con este incremento , el organismo del que dependen la formación del capital humano , el financiamiento a proyectos , la preservación de la comunidad científica y el fomento a la innovación a las empresas , entre muchas otras cosas , mantiene desde 2016 una tendencia a la baja en sus asignaciones presupuestarias ; pues los 31 mil 091 millones 273 mil pesos aprobados , representan una reducción de 3.7 % en términos reales , respecto a lo asignado en 2017 .
Es decir , la reducción del presupuesto al Conacyt pega directamente al núcleo más activo de la investigación científica y tecnológica del país .
“ Este recorte nos preocupa , pues se trata de la oficina de gobierno federal que tiene bajo su responsabilidad los programas más fuertes para la comunidad científica en México ” , dijo José Luis Morán , presidente de la Academia Mexicana de Ciencias en entrevista con El Economista .
“ Con esta reducción se limita la aplicación y continuación , o al menos con la misma intensidad , de los programas que tiene el Conacyt ” , y el representante de la Academia expresó su principal preocupación por tres programas que atiende esta institución .
“ El primero , son las becas de los chicos al extranjero , eso se tiene que garantizar , incluso incrementar .
Otro punto es el Sistema Nacional de Investigadores , eso parece garantizado , pero se debe proteger ” .
Por último , mencionó las cátedras Conacyt , que “ desde mi punto de vista es el más importante en términos de rescatar jóvenes preparados y que gozaron de becas en nuestro país para formarse …
En un momento se pensaba atraer alrededor de 5,000 jóvenes , eso hubiera sido fantástico , pero la cifra se vio reducida a 1,500 esperando algunas más ” .
Blindarse de los vaivenes sexenales
Parece ser que desde el Ejecutivo Federal no se tiene una idea clara de lo que se quiere para este sector .
La “ Sociedad Basada en el Conocimiento ” ha quedado sólo en el papel y prueba de ello fueron los vaivenes presupuestales que en un principio fueron alentadores , pero que finalmente cayeron en el rezago de sexenios pasados .
“ Hemos visto que al final de sexenio siempre hay reducciones en el presupuesto , por eso necesitamos que el Conacyt modifique sus estructuras y que la gestión general no esté sujeta a los vaivenes sexenales , que dure siete u ocho años , para no estar asociados a los cambios sexenales .
Eso sería un gran avance , como ejemplo tenemos al INEGI , con autonomía y presupuestos a más largo plazo con buenos resultados ” .
El reacomodo
Es claro que no todo el gasto de CTI fluye a través de Conacyt y también hay que hablar de ello .
El presupuesto para CTI se distribuye entre diversas Secretarías de Estado y organismos gubernamentales .
El incremento al gasto en CTI para el próximo año se distribuyó de la siguiente manera :
Agricultura , Ganadería , Desarrollo Rural y Pesca tendrán 396.2 millones más respecto a la propuesta original de Hacienda ; los cuales se asignaron a una sola dependencia , la Dirección General de Productividad y Desarrollo Tecnológico .
Educación Pública , tuvo un incremento de 146 millones de pesos respecto a la propuesta original ; los cuales se distribuyen en dos instituciones de educación superior , la Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México , que recibirá 106 millones adicionales , y la Universidad Autónoma Agraria Antonio Narro con 40 millones más .
Energía , tuvo un aumento de 60 millones de pesos ; que se aplicarán en su totalidad al Instituto Nacional de Electricidad y Energías Limpias .
En el capítulo de Provisiones Salariales y Económicas , los diputados aplicaron 224.2 millones adicionales .
El resto de las dependencias que forman parte de la estructura del gasto en CTI no experimentaron cambios con respecto a la propuesta original de la SHCP .
Pero hay extremos .
Cuando revisamos el Anexo 12 dedicado a CTI , encontramos que por ejemplo , para Servicios de Atención Psiquiátrica , se asignaron 607 mil 144 pesos para investigación científica o desarrollo tecnológico .
“ Esta cantidad es muy limitada , con esto cuando mucho se puede financiar un proyecto ” , si entendemos que las cifras de enfermedades mentales en nuestro país aumentan de manera acelerada , pareciera incongruente la asignación .
El doctor Morán concluyó que aunque la Comisión de Ciencia y Tecnología de la Cámara de Diputados fue receptiva a las observaciones de los investigadores , lamentablemente se trata de un grupo pequeño , pues son 500 legisladores los que toman la decisión .
“ Necesitamos hablar no sólo con los de la comisión y no sólo en la época presupuestal .
Lo que he sugerido es tener un programa permanente de acercamiento a los diputados para ofrecerles apoyo , pero estamos sujetos a que ellos lo acepten …
Lo que sí , es que seguiremos manifestándonos ante quien sea necesario para decir que el Conacyt necesita recursos para poder ejercer sus programas , que son lo que más impacto han tenido ” .
nelly.toche@eleconomista.mx
THE GOVERNMENT’S proposed Civil Partnership
Bill will create “ a second - class form of marriage for what the Government clearly feels is a second - class group of people ” , according to Amnesty International .
The executive director of the organisation ’s Irish section , Colm O’Gorman , said the failure of the Bill to legislate for the children of gay couples was “ cowardly ” .
Delivering the annual Amnesty International Pride Lecture in Belfast last night , he said the Government was “ enshrining discrimination in Irish law ” at a time when other countries were moving forward and ending inequalities .
“ This is not about the right to marry ; it is about the right not to be discriminated against because of who you love , ” he said .
“ Failure to provide full marriage equality means that same - sex couples will not have full protection under the law .
In effect , it is creating a second - class form of marriage for what the Government clearly feels is a second - class group of people . ”
Mr O’Gorman said the Bill ’s most serious weakness was its failure to provide for the children of gay couples , creating insecurity for families .
“ A same - sex couple will not be allowed jointly adopt their children .
Children raised by same - sex couples will be denied the same protection as other children because the Irish Government chooses not to acknowledge their existence and denies their rights .
“ These children will be discriminated against because the Government has decided to discriminate against their parents . ”
Mr O’Gorman said this undermined the rights of children “ on the basis of ill - informed arguments rooted in a bigotry that still exists in a small and increasingly marginalised section of Irish society ” .
Referring to scare stories in the media , Mr O’Gorman said : “ This is the kind of thinking that sees gay people as something ‘ other ’ , something to be afraid of and defended against , as a community that has no place in normal society . ”
He added that there were positive aspects to the legislation and said he recognised that some people characterised it as a step towards equality for gay couples .
“ But in a way it shows us just how far short of equality we actually are that human - rights activists can be expected to settled for this . ”
Mr O’Gorman ’s address followed a decision by the Northern Ireland Parades Commission not to place any restrictions on Saturday ’s Gay Pride parade through Belfast , the second year this decision has been made .
Opposition to the march is expected from some religious groups , a likelihood anticipated by Parades Commission chairwoman Rena Shepherd .
“ We respect the views of those who are organising the Pride parade and those who wish to express their opposition , ” she said .
“ Just as with any other parade where there is disagreement the commission believes it is paramount that all concerned treat each other with respect and show tolerance towards the view of wider society .
We welcome the assurances we have received in regards to the stewarding of the parade and the general conduct of the participants . ”
Kevin Rudd heads a new wave of politicians in this country who are invoking the language of the church , writes Mark Davis .
AUSTRALIAN politicians , unlike their American counterparts , have traditionally been reluctant to bring God into politics .
But a study shows federal MPs are invoking Christian beliefs with increasing frequency to justify policies and articulate their values and visions for the nation .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd was the politician who most cited his Christianity in public speeches , followed by the former Liberal treasurer Peter Costello and Treasurer Wayne Swan .
Melbourne University politics researcher Anna Crabb analysed 2422 speeches by 60 prominent federal politicians  the leaders and senior frontbenchers of the three main parties  between 2000 and 2006 .
She tallied the number of these speeches that included the words Christ , church , faith , pray , Jesus , Bible and God and found the use of religious language by politicians had increased .
Choosing the perfect font for your projects is an important step , as it could make or break your design .
The wrong choice of font can bring down your flyer , poster , business card , blog – just about anything .
We know that it takes a lot of time to look for modern fonts that would really fit your design , which is why it is also important to have as many modern fonts as you can at your disposal !
You may also like to take a look at our other font collections for more to choose from as well .
Now to make it even faster for you to create an astonishing design , we ’ve compiled a huge collection of FREE modern fonts !
More choices means more fun !
Use these modern fonts for creative typography designs , business logos , website designs – you pick !
There are plenty of free professional modern fonts to choose from !
Feel free to play with these free fonts and find the best match for your design !
Note : Before we start – be sure to check license information on these popular fonts , they may be free but some of them require reference or may not be used for commercial projects for free , although most of them are .
UNLIMITED DOWNLOADS : 400,000 + Fonts & Design Assets Starting at only $ 16.50 per month !
DOWNLOAD NOW
Beautiful , modern font and it ’s still unbelievable it is free !
Now Fertigo Pro version is released with extended language support and more .
10 Google Font Combinations for Inspiration ( curated by Qode Magazine )
Bank Nue Display Font ( with Envato Elements Subscription )
Revamped version of the 2004 one .
Now in OT with extended language support and OpenType features with alternates , ligatures , different styles of figures , etc .
For some reason this is one of my favorite modern fonts here .
Love the elegant shapes , simplicity , and how clean this font looks .
TM Stanley ( with Envato Elements Subscription )
Really beautiful font with many variations – thin , light , regular , medium , black , heavy – be sure to check this free premium font .
Kohm ( with Envato Elements Subscription )
Diavlo is a free font that contains 5 weights : Light , Book , SemiBold Medium , Bold and Black .
Read and look more into this one in this PDF document .
This OpenType font family comes in five weights and offers support for CE languages and even Esperanto .
Besides ligatures , contextual alternatives , stylistic alternates , fractions and proportional / tabular figures MUSEO also has a ‘ case ’ feature for case sensitive forms .
Baker Street Rough ( with Envato Elements Subscription )
This free , modern font has been my favorite for some time – it has beautiful details and every character has a unique shape too .
Inspired by humanist sans serif typefaces , such as Meta , Myriad , and Scala , Junction is where the best qualities of serif and sans serif typefaces come together .
It has the hand - drawn and human qualities of a serif , and still retains the clarity and efficiency of a sans serif font .
It combines the best of both worlds .
Lawless Font ( with Envato Elements Subscription )
This OpenType font family comes in regular , italic , bold , and small caps and has some nice OpenType features .
Besides ligatures , contextual alternatives , fractions , oldstyle / tabular numerals , Anivers also has a ‘ case ’ feature for case sensitive forms and tabular numerals … so Anivers can crunch numbers with ease .
This unique free font will be great for artistic poster or wallpaper designs .
Glowist ( with Envato Elements Subscription )
This free font will be amazing for textual logo designs .
If you are looking for a tech font , this will do nicely .
Parlour ( with Envato Elements Subscription )
Contra Modern Font
Knox ( with Envato Elements Subscription )
This free font will do well for tech logo designs .
Calluna supports a very wide range of languages and is a very complete OpenType typeface .
Each font counts 723 glyphs so it ’s a cool and thorough letter font .
You can find detailed info on the character set and the OpenType features in the Calluna PDF specimen .
Arkibal Serif ( with Envato Elements Subscription )
This is a free and elegant sans serif typeface .
Splandor ( with Envato Elements Subscription )
This unique font is available in various formats and will definitely look nice in your next design .
I enjoy this modern font because of it ’s thin and elegant font lines displaying text in a fashionable , yet simple way .
RNS Camelia ( with Envato Elements Subscription )
Looking for artistic fonts ?
Look no further !
Chunk is an ultra - bold slab serif typeface that is reminiscent of old American Western woodcuts , broadsides , and newspaper headlines .
Used mainly for display , the fat block lettering is unreserved yet refined for contemporary use .
It ’s a pretty cool Sans Serif font , great for modern typography designs .
Troupe Font ( with Envato Elements Subscription )
Self explaining image below , but I enjoy this font because of its unique glance and serifs .
Burford Rustic Book Bold ( with Envato Elements Subscription )
It ’s an interesting font and could be used for artistic designs and text displays .
The Douglas Collections ( with Envato Elements Subscription )
Here ’s a demo version of a font called Ambrosia .
It has all letters , numbers and a few symbols .
Very cool and sharp font , it got my interest right away !
Use this free font to add beautiful lettering to your designs .
I am sure if you use this simple type on brochures or business cards for emphasis , it would look amazing .
This strong , angular typeface is ideal for headings .
It features 96 of the most commonly used glyphs ( characters ) .
Excellent and very popular unique font with many , many different variations to play with .
This is a beta version of this font , but still seems very complete for me – included in the set are Regular , Italic , Bold , Bold Italic for optical sizes 72 , 12 and 6 .
Size 72 also includes italic swash characters and Black weights .
Note that you have to give credit if you use this font and you must contact the author before using it in commercial projects !
Only for non-commercial use .
Comfortaa is a simple , good looking , true type font with an amazingly large number of characters and symbols .
You can see them all in the preview .
It is absolutely free , both for personal and commercial use .
MOD is applicable for any type of graphic design – web , print , motion graphics etc and perfect for t- shirts and other items like logos , pictograms , with its 215 character set .
Whiteboard Modern is a hand - drawn face resembling the flowing motion and freedom of writing in an open space , such as a dry - erase board .
Love this modern font !
Now if you cannot create cool letter designs with this , I do n’t know how you will do it !
On JustMyType site you can find several more very unique and interesting letters .
Half serif , half sans serif .
Capital letters A - Z , available only in Illustrator AI format .
Unfortunately this cool font is no longer available for free .
This is a cool letter font sparking with elegance !
MERRIWEATHER SANS
Font
Editor ’s Note :
This article was previously published in January 2019 , and has been updated to include new information .
by
It occurs to me that we are living in a golden age of language books .
It took a while for me to realize this , because plenty of dumb and silly language books get published each year , just as they always have .
But now , more and more , there are good books aimed at the general public and written by real linguists , something that used to be almost nonexistent .
When I was growing up , the only such author was Robert A. Hall , Jr. , whose Linguistics and Your Language ( the 1960 Anchor Books second edition of the 1950 self - published Leave Your Language Alone ! ) was for many years alone in the field as a sterling example of how to present the findings of linguistics to the common reader ( “ Once we realize that all languages are equal in merit , we are in a position to stop treating language differences as something to worry about ” ) .
But lately , it seems that people professionally trained in linguistics are getting contracts to write books for the general public , and they ’re doing a good job of it .
What brought this so strongly to my mind was reading
In the Land of Invented Languages , by Arika Okrent ( whose given name is apparently pronounced just like Erica ) .
When the publisher sent it to me , I thought it looked interesting , but frankly I ’ve never had much interest in artificial languages , and I figured I ’d read a few pages here and there and see if it was worth reporting on .
Instead , I wound up devouring the entire thing this weekend , and I now have much more interest in the languages and respect for the people who create and study them .
Okrent writes well and tells a great story , but she also has a PhD in linguistics ( as her bio says , “ She flitted from language to language in school , wondering why she could n’t just settle down and commit to one , until she finally discovered a field that would support and encourage her scandalous behavior : Linguistics ” ) , which makes all the difference ; any good journalist could spin a lively tale out of some of this material ( people who spend their lives creating and trying to publicize languages tend to be pretty colorful ) , but it takes a linguist to see what ’s going on with the languages and be able to point out where they succeed and where they fail .
She not only studied John Wilkins ‘s Philosophical Language ( 1668 ) in detail , she translated a Borges passage into it ( “ I hereby present you with , as far as I know , the first sentences to be written in Wilkins ’s language in over three hundred years ” ) .
She not only describes how Charles Bliss got the inspiration for his Blissymbolics from Chinese characters ( which he studied as a Jewish refugee in Shanghai during WWII ) , she explains why he ( along with many others ) was mistaken about characters being an international medium of communication ( “ when a Japanese speaker sees a Mandarin newspaper , he may indeed be able to recognize a number of the characters , but that does n’t mean he will be able to form anything more than a fuzzy guess as to what it all means ” ) .
But do n’t get me wrong : her expertise is n’t why you should read the book — it ’s just the reason you can trust what you read .
You should read the book because it ’s a gripping account of some amazing people and some fascinating changes in the European cultural environment ( artificial languages being primarily a European thing , though she mentions Balaibalan , an Arabic - Persian - Turkish mix “ designed sometime between 1400 and 1700 ( the documents ca n’t be reliably dated ) ” ) .
She starts with the early attempts to create languages that would “ directly represent concepts , ” the poster boy being Wilkins , who lost the first ( 600 - page ) draft of his manuscript in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and had to rewrite it from scratch .
The second section is on the late - 19th - century craze for languages intended to bring peace to all mankind ( the idea , a very silly one , being that war is caused because people ca n’t understand each other ’s languages ) ; the first to catch on was Volapük ( in 1889 “ the third international Volapük conference was held in Paris , and the proceedings were entirely in Volapük ” ) , but after excessive squabbling among its partisans , resulting in schisms and a bewildering variety of “ improved ” versions ( Nal Bino , Bopal , Spelin… ) , L. L. Zamenhof picked up the disaffected customers with his invention , Esperanto , still the only true success story among artificial language — not only does it have far more users than any other , it actually has native speakers ( including Danish rocker Kim Henriksen ) .
The final section is on the efflorescence of invented languages in recent decades ( the most successful of which , of course , is Klingon , which Okrent learned in the course of working on the book ) , created in the main not for reasons of scientific or social benefit but for fun , for the joy of playing with the possibilities ; this paragraph beautifully summarizes the attitude :
For these language inventors , language was not an enemy to be tamed or reformed but a muse .
And they bowed down before her .
Jeff Burke , a tall man who seemed nervous and shy at the podium , explained how he had been inspired to build his own family of “ Central Mountain ” languages by the incredible beauty he found in Mohawk when he took a course on it in college .
He said the language “ did something to me , ” and he began to dig into the history of the language , becoming a self - taught expert in the development of the language from Proto - Algonquian .
His talk did n’t focus so much on his own creation as on the real languages that inspired it .
He wanted us to understand where his artistic vision had come from .
As he went over the complicated details of the Mohawk pronominal system , he spoke softly , but with such love and wonder in his voice that I thought he might burst into tears .
As you can see from that passage , she cares about the people involved , not just their ideas and inventions , and that ’s what makes the book not just a stimulating read but a powerfully moving experience .
In between the Esperanto and final sections , she discusses two language creators whose successes were inextricably intertwined with their disasters .
One is Charles Bliss and his symbols , mentioned above , and the other is James Cooke Brown , inventor of Loglan , a language originally developed in the late 1950s to test the Sapir–Whorf hypothesis .
Bliss , born Karl Kasiel Blitz in 1897 in the Austro - Hungarian city of Czernowitz ( now the Ukrainian city of Chernivtsi ) , having gotten his inspiration from those Chinese characters in Shanghai , devoted himself to devising a logical system of universal symbols that would make it impossible for Hitler - style propaganda to succeed — ” inconsistencies and falsehoods would be instantly exposed . ”
After the war he and his wife Claire emigrated to Australia and lived off their savings while he wrote his book ; he finished it in 1949 , and “ Claire sent six thousand letters to universities and government institutions all over the world announcing the publication of his fantastic new invention .
They waited for the orders to start rolling in . ”
Alas , there was no response , and it looked like his life ’s work was a failure .
Then in the late 1960s Shirley McNaughton , a teacher at the Ontario Crippled Children ’s Center who despaired of reaching the children who could n’t speak , ran across a copy of Bliss ’s book and gave it a try : “ Once McNaughton had taught the kids the meaning of a few symbols and showed them examples of how the symbols could be put together , she witnessed an explosion of self - expression .
Kids whose communicative worlds had been defined by the options of pointing to a picture of a toilet , or waiting for someone to ask the right question , started talking about a car trip with a father , a brother ’s new bicycle , a pet cat ’s habit of hiding under the bed .
Kids who were assumed to be severly retarded showed remarkable ingenuity in getting their messages across . ”
McNaughton wrote to Bliss , who “ immediately mortgaged his house in order to make the long trip to Toronto .
Everyone was excited .
When he arrived , there were meetings and talks and parties . ”
I wo n’t detail how it all fell apart , and he wound up alternately threatening to sue McNaughton and the Center and proposing marriage to her , but the whole thing is worthy of Dostoevsky , and it ’s worth getting the book just for that section .
The James Cooke Brown story is similar in that he won devotees and helpers and drove them away with his need for absolute control ( they went on to create the far better known Lojban ) , but I wo n’t go into it here .
Instead , I ’ll refer you to the book ’s website , which has a section listing all 500 languages in her appendix and linking to passages in many of them , and close with a touching passage from one of the creators she profiles , Elias Molee , a Norwegian - American who spent his long life ( he was born in 1845 and killed himself in 1928 ) creating one Germanic - based language after another : American Language ( 1888 ) , Pure Saxon English ( 1890 ) , Tutonish ( 1902 ) , Niu Teutonish ( 1906 ) …
His book Pure Saxon English is online thanks to Google Books ( as are a number of the others she mentions ) , and the “ Plea for Visionaries ” ( pp. 78-79 ) is an exemplary statement of the attitude Okrent , with her finely judged mix of empathy and objectivity , tries to convey throughout her wonderful book :
Let me , before closing the first part of this work , put in a plea for a milder consideration of visionaries , as distinguished from “ cranks . ”
A crank is a sickly , one - sided person who has gone crazy over an idea .
The word comes from the Anglo - Saxon , cranc ; German , krank ; Icelandic , kankr , and means sick .
Cranks are , as a rule , narrow - minded and uncultivated .
The visionaries , on the other hand , are characterized by ideas not necessarily in opposition to their neighbors , but ideas so selected , and so highly colored as to appear like mere visions in the sky , a fine midsummer - night ’s dream .
It is a great thing to be able to quietly bear the evils of life , and to rate its transient delights at their true value ; but he whose visions can create for him a flower - garden , who can inhabit his air - castles with the same pleasure as if they were solid stone , is a happier man than a philosopher .
He who can shape out of the air a paradise of his own , believe in it and live in it , is more to be envied than a man with mere hard common sense .
Life is not bread only .
It is possible to be too practical — too matter - of - fact .
Reason can tell us that the rainbow is mere sunshine and water , but the grand destiny of nations can not be solved without the aid of inspiration and poetic visions .
Imagination alone can understand inspirations — pictures of institutions to come .
We are all , more or less , visionaries .
What are we in the world for , except to improve it ?
Visions of future improvements and future enjoyments lure us onward .
This imaginative faculty is conspicuous in youth , and the longer any man or woman , the longer a people , is able to retain it , the more will they do and the more lasting will be their enjoyment while upon the stage of life .
O that we could always be like children , and find beauty and pleasure in scenes that imagination paints for us in the clouds ! …
Whenever a people ceases to be moved by anything except hard common sense , it is getting to be too old , and too timid for future progress .
Like most men of three - score and ten years , it is satisfied with what it has already accomplished .
Imagination and love of mankind can alone preserve the youthfulness of the soul .
“ We are all , more or less , visionaries ” : exactly so , and I find myself no longer able to look down on those whose visions , even if unrealizable , are full of such inspiration and creativity .
May their tribe increase !
I regret to write that the three answers I received so far are not of any avail .
The first seems either bitter or facetious , perhaps both .
The second blames " partisanship " .
I think partisanship is very important .
The problem with our partisanship is it really just noise , because neither of our two parties has any strong principles to which it adheres , except to serve those who pay for elections campaigns .
I would like to see REAL partisanship on clearly defined methods of dealing with our problems .
The third tells me to vote .
I have for many years regarded voting as a duty but no longer .
Probably , I shall not vote in November - 2008 .
The nominees I should have to choose between will be one who supports continuing our current wars indefinitely or one who has supported the war to date and has recently modified his or her resolve in some unclear way .
I no longer think it my obligation to vote , because voting in our country is a bit like voting in the old Soviet Union .
There is really one party : the party of big business , multinational unregulated trade and Wall Street .
I still would like to know from someone with fresh ideas how we can , as voters or as non-voters , make our dissatisfactions with the SYSTEM known .
Bring back the tumbrils , and
The sweet vengeance machine ,
La Guillotine !
BREAKING NEWS :
This morning , right - wing forces staged a coup d’état in Honduras
Reports are coming in from multiple press outlets that right - wing forces have staged a military coup d’état against the democratically - elected leftist president of Honduras , Jose Manuel Zelaya .
After Zelaya ’s election in 2005 , Honduras joined the Bolivarian Alternative for the Americas , a progressive international cooperation organization which is also known by its Spanish acronym “ ALBA ” .
ALBA ( which also means “ dawn ” in Spanish ) is an international cooperation agreement designed as an alternative to the U.S. - backed neo-liberal Free Trade Area of the Americas ( FTAA ) .
It was largely because of opposition to the FTAA from countries like Honduras , Venezuela , Bolivia , Ecuador , Dominica , Nicaragua and Cuba ( all of which are now ALBA members ) that the U.S. - backed FTAA failed .
The coup comes as Zelaya was expected to win a popular referrendum allowing him to stand for re-election in 2010 by removing term limits for the office of the President .
The Honduran Supreme Court and military have both declared the vote by the people of Honduras to be unconstitutional .
Currently , heads of government in most advanced democracies including Canada , France , the UK , Germany , Italy , Australia , New Zealand , Ireland , Israel , India and Japan all have no term limits .
Unlike the US - backed coup d’état attempt in Venezuela in 2002 , so far , there is no direct evidence of direct US involvement in this Honduran military coup despite the long - standing support and training that the United States has provided to the Honduran military .
It will be interesting to see whether the Obama administration — long fallaciously thought to be leftist and progressive — will stand on the side of democracy and the people of Honduras or whether he will side with the military junta .
This is not the first time the Honduran military has been used as a right - wing force to overthrow a surging democratic leftist popular movement .
In fall 1963 , the Honduaran military overthrew the leftist government of Dr. Ramón Villeda Morales and then ruled as a US - backed military junta until the early 1980s when power was finally transferred to a US - backed civilian administration .
Noam Chomsky notes that the US involvement in Honduaras has been a bloody affair both before , during and after the period of military rule in the 1960s and 70s .
Chomsky writes :
“ Congress compelled the [ Reagan ] administration to state repeatedly that the human rights condition was improving not only in Guatemala but in El Salvador and Honduras so that the US could continue to support the regimes . ”
- Noam Chomsky , Rogue States , p. 94
Sources :
http://www.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/americas/06/28/honduras.president.arrested/index.html
http://www.cbc.ca/world/story/2009/06/28/honduras-zelaya-arrested.html
http://uk.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE55R0US20090628
PARIS / RIO DE JANEIRO ( Reuters ) - An Air France jet disappeared after hitting stormy weather over the Atlantic Ocean on Monday and all 228 people on board were feared dead .
France and Brazil sent military planes and ships to scour a vast area of ocean where the Airbus A330 jet may have come down during the flight from Rio de Janeiro to Paris .
But officials said there was little chance that anyone could have survived .
“ It ’s a tragic accident .
The chances of finding survivors are tiny , ” French President Nicolas Sarkozy said at Paris ’s Charles de Gaulle airport after meeting passengers ’ relatives .
If no survivors are found , it would be the worst loss of life involving an Air France plane in the carrier ’s 75 - year history .
An Airbus A330 has never been lost during a commercial airline flight and it is extremely unusual for an airliner to be brought down by storms .
The plane was carrying 216 passengers of 32 nationalities , including seven children and one baby , Air France said .
Sixty - one were French citizens , 58 Brazilian and 26 German .
Twelve crew members were also on board .
Brazil ’s air force said it was investigating a report that a jetliner flown by Brazilian carrier TAM had spotted debris in the ocean in Senegal ’s air space on a flight from Europe to Brazil .
Brazil ’s Vice - President Jose Alencar also mentioned the report , saying the TAM pilot may have seen “ something on fire ” in the ocean .
TAM was not immediately available for comment .
The Air France jet flew into storms and heavy turbulence four hours after take - off from Rio and 15 minutes later sent an automatic message reporting electrical faults , the airline said .
There was no sign that the crew had sent a mayday message or any indication that signal - emitting emergency locaters had activated on impact as is normally the case in crashes .
The company said a lightning strike could be to blame and that several of the mechanisms on the Airbus 330 - 200 , which has a good safety record , had malfunctioned .
“ It ’s too early to tell what went on and what caused this tragedy , ” Isabelle Birem , Air France ’s general director in Brazil , said at a news conference in Sao Paulo .
“ We need to study the technical results from the black box , ” she added , referring to the cockpit recorder .
Sources with access to flight data sent to the World Meteorological Organization said two Lufthansa jets passed through the same area of turbulence on Monday without incident .
Aviation experts said lightning strikes on planes were common and could not alone explain a disaster .
Slideshow ( 22 images )
ELECTRICAL FAILURE
They said the plane could have suffered an electrical failure , effectively leaving the pilots “ blind ” and making the plane more vulnerable in an area notorious for harsh weather .
Senior French minister Jean - Louis Borloo ruled out a hijacking .
Tearful relatives were led away by airport staff in Paris to a private area where psychologists assisted them .
In Rio , relatives rushed to the international airport early in the morning seeking information about the flight .
Slideshow ( 22 images )
Vazti Ester Van Sluijs , 70 , said that at the last minute she had changed plans to see her 40 - year - old daughter Adriana at the airport , where the plane ’s number was displayed for hours as simply “ delayed . ”
“ Just before boarding , she called me asking where I was .
I only had time to tell her that she was the best daughter in the world , ” she said , adding she still had hope for her survival .
One of the Brazilians on board was Pedro Luis de Orleans e Braganca , a direct descendant of Dom Pedro II , the last emperor of Brazil , a spokesman for the royal family told Reuters .
Executives from French tire company Michelin , the Brazil unit of German steelmaker ThyssenKrupp , and Brazilian mining giant Vale were also among the passengers , said company officials and family members .
Brazil ’s air force , which last had contact with the plane at 0133 GMT when it was 565 km ( 350 miles ) from Brazil ’s coast , sent six jets and two helicopters to look for it and the Brazilian navy dispatched three ships to help in the search .
The navy said the ships would not arrive at the last known position of the aircraft , 800 km ( 500 miles ) northeast of the city of Natal , until Tuesday night , and aviation experts said it could take a long time to locate the black box .
France sent one of its air force planes from west Africa and several ships .
Sarkozy said Spain was helping in the mission and Paris had asked the United States to assist in locating the crash site using U.S. satellite data .
“ It seems the zone has been identified down to within 10 nautical miles , ” Borloo said on France 2 state television .
Air France said the plane , which was powered with General Electric engines , had 18,870 flight hours on the clock and went into service in April 2005 .
It last underwent maintenance in a hangar in April this year .
The pilots were also very experienced , the airline said .
The last incident with major loss of life involving an Air France plane was in July 2000 when one of its Concorde supersonic airliners crashed just after taking off from Paris , bound for New York .
At least 113 people died in the disaster .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A record crowd of about 36,500 revellers has welcomed the dawn of the Summer Solstice at Stonehenge .
The number of people attending the event caused roads in the area to become gridlocked in the hours leading up to sunrise at 0458 BST .
Druid ceremonies took place alongside music and Morris dancing , however overcast skies obscured the sun .
Police praised the crowd and said there had been only 37 arrests , for minor disorder and drugs offences .
Supt Nick Ashley said : " The celebration has been peaceful and enjoyable for the majority who were present to celebrate in a safe manner .
" It is disappointing that a small number of people chose to ignore the conditions of entry and brought with them illegal drugs but this was dealt with effectively . "
Police for the most part are wishing people a happy Solstice and so are the security guards
Druid King Arthur Pendragon
In pictures : Solstice celebrations
The event to mark the dawn of the longest day in the Northern Hemisphere has grown in popularity since a four - mile exclusion zone around the site was lifted nine years ago .
English Heritage , which manages the ancient monument , said the car park was full with 6,500 cars two hours before sunrise .
Meanwhile the main route into Stonehenge , the A303 , was closed due to volumes of traffic .
Peter Carson , head of Stonehenge , said : " We were expecting it to be busy this year , but we had ensured that it has been a peaceful and enjoyable solstice .
" There has been a great atmosphere and where else would you want to be on midsummer 's day ? "
Police drafted in extra officers and said there would be a zero - tolerance approach to drugs and drunkenness , with an alcohol limit of four cans of beer or a bottle of wine per person imposed by English Heritage .
' Jovial mood ' Druid King Arthur Pendragon told the BBC shortly before sunrise : " It 's a very nice atmosphere and everything 's fine at the moment .
" There have been more police present this year , more security , but everything 's passed off very jovially and everyone 's in a good mood .
" And the police for the most part are wishing people a happy solstice and so are the security guards . "
English Heritage had issued an advisory note to visitors which warned : " Summer Solstice is not a good time to experiment with drugs - the crowd , the noise and the sheer size of the place are likely to make any bad reaction much , much worse . "
Meanwhile , a limit of 200 tents was set at a field near the Avebury Ring after residents complained about the number of visitors to that site in 2008 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW DELHI , India ( CNN ) --
An Indian court on Thursday ruled that consensual sex between adults of the same gender is legal in the country , attorneys said .
An Indian gay activist participates in a gay pride march in Bangalore on Sunday .
Any homosexual act without the consent of either partner remains a criminal offense , however , Indira Jaisingh , counsel for the nonprofit Naz Foundation which had challenged the law , told CNN .
The ruling means the law -- Indian penal code section 377 , which had criminalized consensual homosexual acts between adults -- has been partly struck down but remains in place as far as forced homosexual acts are concerned .
The verdict will affect law enforcement all around India because it deals with a law enacted by the federal parliament .
Government prosecutors did not immediately oppose the judgment , Jaisingh said , but they have that option .
India 's Ministry of Home Affairs opposed changes to the law on grounds that decriminalizing homosexual conduct would " open the floodgates of delinquent behavior . "
But on Wednesday , Home Minister P. Chidambaram indicated that the government might have " new thinking " on the issue .
Watch a report on why discrimination is likely to continue »
Human Rights
Watch called the ruling " a victory for basic rights to privacy , non-discrimination and liberty . "
UNAIDS , the joint United Nations program on AIDS , also applauded the ruling , saying it restores dignity and human rights .
It was not immediately clear whether the ruling would eventually lead to legalization of gay marriages in the country .
" This , I think , will be the next level of demand from the gay community , " Jaisingh said .
Jaisingh said she has fought for legalization of homosexuality for seven years on behalf of the Naz Foundation .
The group says its " primary aim is to improve the sexual health and human rights of marginalized males who have sex with males , their partners and families in South Asia and elsewhere . "
The court decision was issued amid plans for federal discussion of Section 377 , which has sparked a religious outcry in conservative India .
Christian , Hindu , Muslim and Sikh leaders have warned that they will oppose moves to decriminalize homosexuality .
All About India
Pharmacists are obliged to dispense the Plan B pill , even if they are personally opposed to the “ morning after ” contraceptive on religious grounds , a federal appeals court ruled Wednesday .
In a case that could affect policy across the western U.S. , a supermarket pharmacy owner in Olympia , Wash . , failed in a bid to block 2007 regulations that required all Washington pharmacies to stock and dispense the pills .
Family - owned Ralph ’s Thriftway and two pharmacists employed elsewhere sued Washington state officials over the requirement .
The plaintiffs asserted that their Christian beliefs prevented them from dispensing the pills , which can prevent implantation of a recently fertilized egg .
They said that the new regulations would force them to choose between keeping their jobs and heeding their religious objections to a medication they regard as a form of abortion .
Ralph ’s owners , Stormans Inc. , and pharmacists Rhonda Mesler and Margo Thelen sought protection under the 1st Amendment right to free exercise of religion and won a temporary injunction from the U.S. District Court in Seattle pending trial on the constitutionality of the regulations .
That order prevented state officials from penalizing pharmacists who refused to dispense Plan B as long as they referred consumers to a nearby pharmacy where it was available .
Advertisement
On Wednesday , a three - judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals lifted the injunction , saying the district court was wrong in issuing it based on an erroneous finding that the rules violated the free exercise of religion clause of the U.S. Constitution .
Other constitutional challenges are pending with the district court , which had been waiting for the 9th Circuit ruling on the injunction , said Chad Allred , a Seattle lawyer whose firm represents Stormans and the pharmacists .
In anticipation of the injunction being vacated , Stormans and the two pharmacists secured an agreement with the state that it would not pursue sanctions against them until the other issues were decided at trial , Allred said .
“ We ’re still optimistic that we ’re doing the right thing and that we will prevail in the end , ” said Kevin Stormans , who with his father and two siblings owns the supermarket at the center of the legal challenge .
The 9th Circuit ruling , however , means that the requirement that pharmacies stock and dispense Plan B takes immediate effect , said Joyce Roper , an assistant attorney general for Washington state .
Advertisement
The Alliance Defense Fund , a Christian legal organization that filed the suit on behalf of Stormans , did n’t return a call for comment .
Although the courts have yet to pronounce judgment on other aspects of the lawsuit , the unanimous ruling on the free - exercise clause could portend further judgments , as the case moves forward , that a patient ’s right to timely medication supersedes a pharmacist ’s personal convictions .
The three 9th Circuit judges found common ground despite differing outlooks :
Two conservatives named to the court by President George W. Bush and a liberal named by President Clinton made up the panel .
The right to freely exercise one ’s religion “ does not relieve an individual of the obligation to comply with a valid and neutral law of general applicability , ” the 9th Circuit panel wrote .
Advertisement
“ Any refusal to dispense -- regardless of whether it is motivated by religion , morals , conscience , ethics , discriminatory prejudices , or personal distaste for a patient -- violates the rules , ” the panel said .
--
carol.williams@latimes.com
Look .... let 's introduce another 'x ' into that equation .
We already have pro ... and against ... but there really is another ....
INDIFFERENT !!
You do not object to introducing this one , do you ?!
I am in the third one .
We seem to hear and read everywhere about Israel and the middle east EVERYDAY .
It 's a bit boring .
Someone here just said that the media in the UK is biased agaisnt Israel ?!
Are you serious ?
They are as biased in favour of Israel as to make you sick .
We hear nothing else everyday in the radio , TV or printed media but Israel , ... Israel .... and Israel .
It 's BORING !!
If they were against Israel they would just ignore the issue more instead of giving it coverage on a daily basis !!!
It really is boring !
I am not Jewish .... nor Arab nor from the Middle East so why should I care ?!
Give me a reason why I should care !
Finally , for a Y / A Level 1 , you came yet again with the same old boring issue ...
Israel ! --
Did you create that account just to ask that question ?!
You know damn well that the media here are in your favour so do n't pretend that the case is otherwise .
Or have you ' asked ' this question just to keep the issue in people 's minds ?!
-----LOLOLOL !
World stocks climbed Friday as economic data and company earnings reinforced confidence that a recovery from the global recession is underway .
Nearly all markets in Asia gained and European bourses were stronger in early trading after a jump in U.S. home sales propelled the Dow Jones industrials to its first close above 9,000 since January .
South Korea 's benchmark index gained modestly after news that Asia 's fourth - largest economy grew at its fastest pace in nearly six years in the second quarter , adding to evidence the region is bouncing back .
Another slew of stronger - than - expected earnings from U.S. companies including Ford Motor Co. added to the case for an economic turnaround .
Tokyo shares were up nearly two per cent and oil prices added to the big gains made overnight amid signs the U.S. economy , the world 's largest , is improving .
But there are still nagging doubts about whether the massive gains in world markets since March can be sustained .
' Quite irrational '
" What is happening in the markets is quite irrational , " said Peter Lai , investment manager at DBS Vickers in Hong Kong .
" The global economic situation does n't justify the rise in stock prices .
The rally is driven by liquidity and hot money not by fundamentals . "
As trading got underway in Europe , benchmarks in Britain , France and Germany were all up nearly one per cent .
Earlier in Asia , Japan 's Nikkei 225 stock average rose 151.61 points , or 1.6 per cent , to 9,944.55 and Hong Kong 's Hang Seng advanced 165.09 , or 0.8 per cent , at 19,982.79 .
South Korea 's Kospi was 0.4 per cent higher after figures showed the economy grew 2.3 per cent in the second quarter as increased government spending and record low interest rates helped to insulate it from the global recession .
Singapore and China have also released stronger growth figures in recent weeks .
In Seoul , shares of Samsung Electronics rose 0.7 per cent after the world 's biggest maker of memory chips and flat screen TVs reporting a 5.2 per cent rise in second - quarter profit .
Elsewhere , Australia 's market gained 0.6 per cent , Singapore was 1.7 per cent higher while Taiwan 's benchmark edged lower by 0.1 per cent .
China 's Shanghai market gained 1.3 per cent .
In the U.S. on Thursday , Wall Street was buoyed by news that existing home sales rose in June for the third straight month and by a higher - than - expected amount .
The Dow Jones Industrials , the stock market 's best - known indicator , shot up almost 190 points to 9,069.29 , its highest level since November , and all the other big indexes gained more than two per cent .
Meanwhile , in Toronto on Thursday the S&P / TSX composite index jumped 2.3 per cent or 243.33 points to 10,675.68 .
Posted on May 22 , 2009 in Videos
Some key quotes : “ This country will impeach a President for cheating on his wife , but we wo n’t impeach a President for lying to us and taking us to war where thousands are killed ”
“ The fear is coming from 9/11 , the fear is coming from that attack and our government making us paranoid to make us think that some Muslim radical hiding behind every tree waiting to blow us up . ”
“ Why was no one fired [ for 9/11 ] …
Should n’t many be important people in this country be going to jail ? ”
Update —
The Full Videos of the Jesse Ventura Interview with Al - Jazeera are available below :
LIZ JACKSON : It was Australia Day , 2008 .
A hot Saturday night when the Laverton police in the Western Australian Goldfields pulled over a car on the back roads .
There was they said nothing unusual about the way it was being driven , but they breathalysed the driver .
He was arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol .
The following morning he was put here , in this van , to be carted to Kalgoorlie gaol by a private security firm .
Four hundred kilometres though the blazing heat of the day .
Outside the temperature reached 42 degrees , inside the surface of this metal cell steadily increased to over fifty - six .
By midafternoon , the Aboriginal man in custody was dead .
Mr Ward had died a slow and shocking death .
DENNIS EGGINGTON , WA ABORIGINAL LEGAL SERVICE :
My goodness sake , one can only feel such horror at slowly being cooked .
JAN TURNER , ANTHROPOLOGIST AND FRIEND :
It 's the unspeakable .
It 's the unimaginable to me .
NEIL GORDON , SENIOR SERGEANT WARBURTON POLICE AND MR WARD'S FRIEND :
It 's a death that did n't need to happen and it's a death that should n't have happened .
DAISY WARD , MR WARD'S COUSIN :
Why did they do that to my cousin ?
LIZ JACKSON : Tonight on Four Corners " Who killed Mr Ward ? "
( On Screen Text : Who Killed Mr Ward ?
Reporter : Liz Jackson )
LIZ JACKSON : The township of Kalgoorlie , three weeks ago .
It 's the last days of the Coronial Inquest into Mr Ward 's death , held at the Kalgoorlie Court House .
His family members have travelled in from the remote north eastern communities of Warburton , Tjuntjuntjara , Patjarr and Warakurna .
Between 500 and a thousand kilometres away .
His widow Nancy , and their children , his cousins and friends , his sisters and brothers , and his mother , they 're desert people from the Ngaanyatjarra lands .
As part of custom they 've requested that Mr Ward 's first name not be used .
( Excerpt of footage of Mr Ward 's family , 1965 )
Mr Ward was himself born in the Western desert .
His family , seen here , was amongst the very last to leave their traditional way of life .
This film was made in 1965 .
His father was Tjakamarra .
FILM NARRATOR : Tjakamarra of the Marundinjiyara linguistic group of the Western Desert is camped at Baddya with three of his four wives and seven children .
LIZ JACKSON : One of the youngest of the seven children , Mr Ward is seen being carried by his sister Dunera , he 's aged around three .
FILM NARRATOR : One of the elder girls , Dunera , with her young brother on her back , picks up a firestick and off they set .
LIZ JACKSON : This is his mother , Katapi .
FILM NARRATOR : Katapi starts gathering the seed .
The whole seed head is pulled off .
Mannuba and her daughter watch the others working .
Katapi has a circle of emu feathers to help her balance her ' biddy '
LIZ JACKSON : Mr Ward , called Nampukutji , is on his mother 's lap .
FILM NARRATOR : Nampukutji , sucks Katapi 's breast as she works .
( End of Excerpt )
LIZ JACKSON : The same year this footage was shot , the family moved from the desert , to the more westernised life in the remote community of Warburton .
Four decades later , the suckling toddler was Warburton 's Community Chairman , and employed in the management of the nine million hectares of the Ngaanyatjarra Lands .
( Excerpt of footage of Mr Ward )
MR WARD : And we are the decision makers who are working with the Government .
( End of Excerpt )
LIZ JACKSON : He was educated , well respected and a friend of the local sergeant .
NEIL GORDON , SENIOR SERGEANT WARBURTON POLICE AND MR WARD'S FRIEND :
He had a very good grasp of the English language and could communicate with people from , anyone from you know the Ministers , Federal Ministers , through to mining companies , people who just wanted to ask questions about the different history of the Aboriginal people out in the Ngaanyatjarra Lands .
LIZ JACKSON : And someone you regarded as a friend ?
NEIL GORDON , SENIOR SERGEANT WARBURTON POLICE AND MR WARD'S FRIEND : Definitely , yeah definitely a friend .
JAN TURNER , ANTHROPOLOGIST AND FRIEND :
So really in the space of his lifetime , he had gone from a completely traditional sort of way of living , to being able to go to China and represent his people in China on land management or to talk in Parliament House to politicians and he was very proud of it , so he called himself the last of the stone age men .
LIZ JACKSON : The community of Warburton and the surrounding lands are dry .
The nearest legal drink is a 600 kilometre drive down here to Laverton , and having gone that far , many people have more than one .
( Excerpt of footage of people at night in Laverton )
Saturday nights are busy nights for the Laverton police , especially in the summer months , the holiday period .
( End of Excerpt )
JAN TURNER , ANTHROPOLOGIST AND FRIEND :
This period late December - January is a time when people do go to Laverton and they do get very drunk , if you 're a drinker and often its binge drinking .
LIZ JACKSON : On the Australia day week - end , Mr Ward was in Laverton , drinking and driving .
According to the evidence given at the Inquest he was mostly driving on unsealed bush tracks , near the community on the outskirts of town .
But when he was breathalysed , he was four times over the limit and it was not his first offence .
NEIL GORDON , SENIOR SERGEANT WARBURTON POLICE AND MR WARD'S FRIEND :
It 's not a thing that makes this person a big bad person .
He 's a person that went down and drank too much and drove too much .
He did n't drive too much , he drove .
And that 's typical of many people in Sydney , Melbourne , Brisbane , Perth , everywhere .
LIZ JACKSON : What 's not so typical in Sydney , Melbourne , Brisbane and Perth are the events that followed .
( On Screen Text : Reconstruction )
Mr Ward spent that night , locked up in a police cell .
While he was asleep the Laverton police called the GSL private security firm .
They booked a prisoner transport van to collect Mr Ward the following morning to cart him off to Kalgoorlie jail .
This was before they even called the Justice of the Peace , who legally needed to consider first whether Mr Ward should instead be given bail .
The JP Barrye Thompson told us he knew nothing about this .
BARRYE THOMPSON , JUSTICE OF THE PEACE : I certainly was n't aware of that , that there 'd been a pre-booking , ( laughs ) I certainly was n't .
And the first I knew .
LIZ JACKSON : But you .
BARRYE THOMPSON , JUSTICE OF THE PEACE :
The first I knew was a phone call at nine o'clock in the morning .
LIZ JACKSON : What would you have thought about the fact that there 'd been a pre-booking ?
BARRYE THOMPSON , JUSTICE OF THE PEACE : Um , I would 've been a little disappointed .
LIZ JACKSON : Because what does that indicate to you ?
BARRYE THOMPSON , JUSTICE OF THE PEACE :
Well that you know sort of that they 've made prearrangement , you know , sort of ah .
And to me what was going to happen depended on my decision on the assessment of the cases .
LIZ JACKSON : The JP did convene a bail hearing the following morning .
He conducted it standing at the door of Mr Ward 's police cell .
Ward was asleep when the JP arrived but the police woke him up and the charges were read to him .
He was n't asked if he wanted a lawyer , and bail was refused , it took about ten minutes .
LIZ JACKSON ( to Barry Thompson ) :
Is that a properly constituted bail hearing ?
BARRYE THOMPSON , JUSTICE OF THE PEACE : Um .
LIZ JACKSON : Is that fair ?
BARRYE THOMPSON , JUSTICE OF THE PEACE :
Well put it this way I , I presumed it was .
I , I and other JPs had done that , particularly when the people had been severely intoxicated or may have been violent and it was easier for the police to control them whilst they had them in the cell .
But this .
LIZ JACKSON : But he was n't a violent person .
BARRYE THOMPSON , JUSTICE OF THE PEACE : No , well he thi - this person was n't violent , no I must admit .
LIZ JACKSON : And he was , he was asleep when you arrived .
BARRYE THOMPSON , JUSTICE OF THE PEACE : Yes .
LIZ JACKSON : And he was woken up and it was a
BARRYE THOMPSON , JUSTICE OF THE PEACE : Yes .
LIZ JACKSON : Ten minute hearing .
BARRYE THOMPSON , JUSTICE OF THE PEACE : Yes , yes .
LIZ JACKSON : Is that the way you 'd like your bail to be considered , to be woken up and have a 10 minute hearing ?
BARRYE THOMPSON , JUSTICE OF THE PEACE : Um it 's not unusual .
I mean if , if .
LIZ JACKSON : But is it fair ?
BARRYE THOMPSON , JUSTICE OF THE PEACE : Fair to whom ?
LIZ JACKSON : To the prisoner ?
BARRYE THOMPSON , JUSTICE OF THE PEACE : The prisoner's .
What , so you should think that the um , he should be wait , wait until about 12 noon until the person decides to wake up ?
Well I thought 10 o'clock in the morning 's a reasonable time to be woken .
LIZ JACKSON : When Mr Thompson later gave evidence , at the Inquest he revealed he had n't actually done the JP 's training course , but was instead relying instead on a booklet , which he'd not fully read .
He could n't remember what it said about considering bail .
There were good arguments for and against .
Mr Ward had breached bail on previous occasions , but then again he had strong community connections .
Mr Thompson did not consider them .
LIZ JACKSON ( to Barrye Thompson ) :
So did you consider his local connections ?
Did you know that he was a well respected .
BARRYE THOMPSON , JUSTICE OF THE PEACE : No , no .
LIZ JACKSON : You were n't made aware of the fact that he 's a cultural elder in .
BARRYE THOMPSON , JUSTICE OF THE PEACE : No .
INTERVIEWER : Warburton .
Well respected , well connected .
BARRYE THOMPSON , JUSTICE OF THE PEACE : No .
No .
He was an Aboriginal in a very drunken state or very groggy state .
That 's all I knew him as .
LIZ JACKSON : The following morning the weather forecast predicted a scorcher .
The GSL Mazda van arrived at about 11.20 , to take Mr Ward on the long drive to Kalgoorlie jail .
The transport guards in the van were Nina Stokoe , and Graham Powell .
Nina Stokoe was new in the job , in the statement she read at the Inquest she described Mr Ward like this .
EXCERPT FROM STATEMENT :
He was a man in his 40's , 50's , Aboriginal with a dark skin .
He was dirty .
LIZ JACKSON : Graham Powell on the other hand was GSL 's most experienced guard , but six months before he'd been suspended from his supervisors job .
Company documents submitted to the Coroner gave as a reason , his admission that he knew of :
EXCERPT FROM DOCUMENT : Racial slurs directed at prisoners , he knows it goes on and allows it .
In fact he states that he participates in it .
LIZ JACKSON : The GSL guards were told by the Laverton police that Mr Ward would be no trouble , that he was compliant .
The police gave Ward a frozen pie and 600 mls of water for the trip .
NEIL GORDON , SENIOR SERGEANT WARBURTON POLICE AND MR WARD'S FRIEND :
The police officers who were dealing with Mr Ward were officers who knew him .
LIZ JACKSON : So they knew him as basically what you 're saying , a good bloke ?
NEIL GORDON , SENIOR SERGEANT WARBURTON POLICE AND MR WARD'S FRIEND : Yeah .
Yeah .
LIZ JACKSON : At around 11.30 , Mr Ward stepped into the rear pod of the van , and into the care of GSL .
Evidence was given , he remarked as he entered how warm it was in there .
( Excerpt of footage of back of van )
There 's no natural air flow that reaches back here , the only window is this one , and it 's closed and covered with mesh .
If the prisoner wants to communicate that he's in distress , there is a small unmarked duress button by the back door .
But the guards could not remember telling Mr Ward about it .
( End of Excerpt )
EXCERPT FROM GRAHAM POWELL'S STATEMENT : I just can't remember whether we did or we did n't discuss it .
LIZ JACKSON : The guards headed out on what they knew would be a long journey through the heat of the day .
Its 400 kilometres to Kalgoorlie jail .
The Mazda van was old and slow , as Nina Stokoe put it .
EXCERPT FROM NINA STOKOE'S STATEMENT : Every - one agreed the vehicles were crap .
LIZ JACKSON : Nina Stokoe had filled in GSL 's vehicle check list earlier that morning , but there was no box to tick to say the air conditioning had been checked .
At the inquest Mr Powell was asked :
EXCERPT FROM INQUEST : Did n't you think it would be highly dangerous not to check the air - conditioning ?
EXCERPT FROM INQUEST , GRAHAM POWELL : Yes , I will agree with you .
LIZ JACKSON : Both guards knew there had been ongoing problems with this Mazda 's air conditioning unit .
That just recently it had broken down but as the day wore on and the temperature rose , neither suggested stopping to check Mr Ward in the back .
The air con unit in the front where they were sitting , was on a different system , and it was working fine .
But the fan motor that should have cooled the rear pod had failed .
( Excerpt of photographs of the vans failed fan motor )
These photographs were evidence at the Inquest , they show a plastic bag had become wrapped around the motor shaft and it was rusty , dusty and clogged with string .
( End of Excerpt )
The Coroner 's expert was Gavin Lyons .
GAVIN LYONS , CORONER'S EXPERT :
There would 've been signs that the motor was going to fail several weeks before it failed .
The fan would 've slowed down , it would 've gotten noisy before it finally failed .
LIZ JACKSON : It was common for guards to stop on a long haul trip like this , for petrol , food and water , and to see if the prisoner needed the toilet , but there was nothing in GSL 's written procedures that said that this must be done .
This time they just drove on and on .
A re-enacted journey for the Inquest showed the temperature in the rear pod rising steadily hour by hour , for the last three hours it was over 47 degrees and the surface of the metal cell reached a scorching fifty - six .
There was a CCTV camera for the guards to monitor the prisoner in the back , but Nina Stokoe had noted in the check list that it was not good .
She said at times she could see Mr Ward on the floor , and thought he was asleep .
The range of vision Powell agreed was limited and blurred .
EXCERPT FROM INQUEST :
It 's impossible to tell , looking through the CCTV , in your experience in that Mazda , whether a person lying down in the rear of the pod is resting , asleep or sick ?
EXCERPT FROM INQUEST , GRAHAM POWELL : Correct .
LIZ JACKSON : The guards gave evidence that as they approached Kalgoorlie they heard a thud from the rear of the van .
Nina Stokoe said she saw Mr Ward slump from the seat to the floor .
They pulled over .
When the drivers gave evidence Nina Stokoe said she could see Mr Wards head down by the grate , she banged on the door but he did n't wake up , she said she noticed it was really hot , and he was sweaty .
Graham Powell said he did n't remove Mr Ward because it was against GSL policy to remove anybody from a prisoner compartment unless they were in a secure area .
Powell said he tried flicking water on Mr Ward , while keeping the inner door on a chain , there was no response .
DENNIS EGGINGTON , WA ABORIGINAL LEGAL SERVICE : We do n't ' treat animals like that .
We do n't treat our pets like that .
We do n't treat other animals like that .
People get put in jail for treating another , another creature the same as Mr Ward was treated .
LIZ JACKSON : The guards drove they said as fast they could to Kalgoorlie Hospital calling GSL on the way .
Hospital emergency staff rushed out and around to the back of the van .
FRANCIS WAKEHAM , NURSE , KALGOORLIE HOSPITAL : Inside the van was extremely hot .
You could feel the the heat coming out of the van as it struck us .
It was already a very hot day in Kalgoorlie on that day , but the van was certainly hotter than what the day was .
LIZ JACKSON : How would you describe it , from your experience ?
FRANCIS WAKEHAM , NURSE , KALGOORLIE HOSPITAL : Almost like walking into a furnace .
( On Screen Text : Reconstruction )
LIZ JACKSON : Mr Ward was placed in a wheel chair , and rushed into emergency .
His body was limp and he had no pulse , there was a new deep burn on his belly , which had taken off all the skin , and he was hot .
FRANCIS WAKEHAM , NURSE , KALGOORLIE HOSPITAL :
We actually packed ice around him .
Um we had to take his clothes off and that 's when we noticed that there was this nasty burn on the right hand side of his abdomen .
The doctor sort of said " does anyone know how this happened ? "
Um I was free at this stage so I managed to go out and ask the driver " any idea how the burn might have happened , what was going on ? "
And they denied any knowledge of it .
LIZ JACKSON : At 4.30 in the afternoon Kalgoorlie hospital declared that Mr Ward was dead .
FRANCIS WAKEHAM , NURSE , KALGOORLIE HOSPITAL :
We worked on this patient for nearly an hour and we just could n't get any life .
( Excerpt of footage of Mr Ward 's family protesting )
LIZ JACKSON : Sixteen months later , emotions are still raw .
Mr Ward 's family hold this small protest outside the Inquest , so the rest of Australia will know they 're still waiting for justice .
MR WARD'S FAMILY :
We want justice , we want justice .
LIZ JACKSON : Everything they 've heard to date makes their anger stronger .
MALE PROTESTOR : The GSL guards should be charged with manslaughter , what do you reckon ?
PROTEST GROUP : Yes .
FEMALE PROTESTOR :
She has no husband now , the children , four little kids got no father .
I lost my mother when I was 13 - years - old , I was brought with my uncle now and he 's gone and I got no - one now .
FEMALE PROTESTOR
2 : This is the mother , the mother , she 's suffering daily .
Justice must be served , changes must happen .
DAISY WARD , MR WARD'S COUSIN :
And the person who is responsible from Laverton to Kalgoorlie has to be punished and charged because it 's just all , we all crying because our man elder is gone , he left four kids behind and who 's going to work for these kids .
So we want changes now .
My cousin had to go all the way to China to represent the Ngaanyatjarra people , he did a lot of good things in Warburton and throughout the Ngaanyatjarra lands .
He was the next of the elders .
Why did they have to do this , did n't do their duty of care .
( Members of the crowd crying )
LIZ JACKSON : What deepens the pain is that every family member grieving here believes absolutely that the answer to that question , why there was no care , is that Mr Ward was black .
( End of Excerpt )
DAISY WARD , MR WARD'S COUSIN :
They think they can do anything to black people and like that 's what they are thinking to my cousin .
We treat black people in another way .
Differently , no respect , take them .
Oh do n't bother worrying for them , just keep driving , keep driving .
RICHARD HARDING , WA INSPECTOR OF CUSTODIAL SERVICES 2000 - 08 : Actually white fellas would n't put up with it .
If the long transports in these conditions predominantly involved non-Aboriginal prisoners , it would long ago I believe have been changed .
LIZ JACKSON : Professor Richard Harding was the long time Inspector of Custodial Services in Western Australia .
He was a witness at the Inquest .
He 's been on a mission for nearly a decade to pressure the State Government to improve prisoner transport .
In 2001 , he 'd been up in Broome , outside the jail , when he noticed a group of 10 Aboriginal men being unloaded after a journey of over a 1000 kilometres .
They were disoriented , dehydrated and distressed .
He was shocked .
RICHARD HARDING , WA INSPECTOR OF CUSTODIAL SERVICES 2000 - 08 :
No opportunity to urinate during the journey , very little access to water , poor climate control , its beyond belief that those conditions were still in existence , and it did strike me even then , that as the overwhelming majority of the passengers were Aboriginal , there was a structural racist element in this , and that 's a view that has been certainly reinforced over the years .
LIZ JACKSON : Later that year , Professor Harding produced a report that warned with ominous clarity of the dangers and the inhumanity of the system he 'd inspected .
He noted the Department of Justice " has acknowledged problems with providing adequate air conditioning " .
He included 2 photos showing the rear pod of a Mazda van , identical to the one into Mr Ward would later be locked .
( On Screen Graphic : Excerpts from Professor Harding 's report )
He noted there was " no natural airflow and very little natural light " and when full it was " claustrophobic and cramped " .
He stated it was evident that " duty of care issues were taking second place to security " and quoted this pointed comment from a prisoner administrator .
EXCERPT FROM REPORT :
The vehicles are not fit for humans to be transported in .
We are just waiting for a death to happen .
( End of Excerpt )
LIZ JACKSON : He was disappointed with the Government 's response .
RICHARD HARDING , WA INSPECTOR OF CUSTODIAL SERVICES 2000 - 08 :
Well I twice notified the Minister in general terms of my great concern about the health , safety and welfare of the , of passengers in the circumstances of these long transports in which I believe were unsuitable vehicles .
Ah but this did n't sufficiently resonate and nothing much was done at the time .
LIZ JACKSON : It was the AIMS company which ran the prisoner transport service then , and owned the same vehicles that are still being used by GSL today .
AIMS was worried by Harding 's report , especially in relation to the air conditioning problems .
Unknown to Harding , the AIMS Corporation commissioned its own report , from an air conditioning expert .
Four Corners has a copy .
It 's is clear and unambiguous about the type of Mazda used to transport Mr Ward .
( On Screen Graphic : Excerpt from report )
EXCERPT FROM REPORT :
These vehicles , were never designed to be operating in the locations that some of them now are .
The proximity of the vehicle to the ground is to low so that it draws an excessive amount of road heat .
The prisoner pod and middle cell are not insulated .
The passenger compartment also absorbs heat .
LIZ JACKSON : The report specifically recommends the Mazda's :
EXCERPT FROM REPORT : Are only operated in and around the metropolitan area .
( End of Excerpt )
LIZ JACKSON : This is not on long haul trips in the heat .
AIMS sent the report to the Department of Justice , later to become Corrective Services .
The letter was received in October 2001 , but the department did nothing in response .
It was filed away and only resurfaced after Mr Ward had died .
LIZ JACKSON ( to Richard Harding ) :
What do you think about the fact that Corrective Services was on notice way back in 2001 , that the vehicle was unsuitable for use unless it was in and around the metropolitan area because it drew up heat from the road ?
RICHARD HARDING , WA INSPECTOR OF CUSTODIAL SERVICES 2000 - 08 :
Well I mean , it actually makes them criminally negligent , if you could prosecute a bureaucracy , this is what you 'd be doing .
If there were something called bureaucratic manslaughter , the Department of Corrective Services would certainly be prima facie guilty of that .
LIZ JACKSON : Four years later , AIMS was still running the same fleet of vans , now older and more prone to breakdown .
The big difference was , that the Government now owned them , having bought them cheap from AIMS in 2005 .
In October 2006 , one of the bigger transport vans broke down three hours drive south of Broome , near the Sandfire Roadhouse , the air con went down with the motor .
Fourteen Aboriginal prisoners were left locked up in the back in small confinement cells for a further eight hours .
The temperature outside went over 40 degrees , inside it was hotter .
It was dark when they left the Sandfire roadhouse , and 20 hours before they finally reached Roebourne jail .
CLIFF HOLDOM , OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR OF CUSTODIAL SERVICES :
About half of them were minimum security prisoners who really a phone call to the prison superintendant would 've allowed them out of the vehicle without restraints .
LIZ JACKSON : Cliff Holdom worked with Professor Harding .
He spoke directly with prisoners who'd been locked up in the van .
The heat was their main concern , but also a sense of shame .
Two of them were women .
CLIFF HOLDOM , OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR OF CUSTODIAL SERVICES :
It 's a camping type potty that is in these cells .
That 's the only toilet that they had available .
So nobody wants , there 's too much shame to go to these toilets because .
LIZ JACKSON : Because you go in front of each other .
CLIFF HOLDOM , OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR OF CUSTODIAL SERVICES :
Exactly , exactly .
Um and after time of course you know after some hours of confinement you have to go to the toilet .
So of course things are getting smellier and nastier and um and sweatier as the day progresses .
DENNIS EGGINGTON , WA ABORIGINAL LEGAL SERVICE : it is a part and parcel of the sorts of complaints that we have received .
But this time we thought that we'd at least get one of our local Green members , Giz Watson , to raise it in Parliament as a real concern .
( Excerpt of footage from Parliament sitting )
MR SPEAKER : Further member statements , the Honourable Giz Watson .
GIZ WATSON , GREENS MEMBER : Thank you Mr President , Mr President I wanted to bring to the attention of the House some information that came to my attention at a meeting I attended with the Executive Committee of the Aboriginal legal Services .
LIZ JACKSON : Giz Watson was the first to make the Sandfire incident public .
GIZ WATSON , GREENS MEMBER :
They were not allowed to leave the vehicle at all .
And it seems to me , that this is an extraordinary circumstance , which I am sure members wo n't have heard about via any source other than a statement such as this in the House .
It seems to me it 's totally unacceptable .
( End of Excerpt )
LIZ JACKSON : It was n't news to the then Labor Government .
The Minister for Corrective Services , had known for weeks .
LIZ JACKSON ( to Margaret Quirk ) :
When Giz Watson brought it up it was in fact no surprise to you ?
MARGARET QUIRK , WA CORRECTIVE SERVICES MINISTER 2006 - 08 :
No I was aware of the incident , I became aware of the incident some days after it happened .
LIZ JACKSON : But it was n't something you chose to make a press release about or let the general public of Western Australia know about it ?
MARGARET QUIRK , WA CORRECTIVE SERVICES MINISTER 2006 - 08 :
Well frankly no - one much was interested .
LIZ JACKSON : But the following day there was this .
SPEAKER : The Minister for Corrective Services .
MARGARET QUIRK , WA CORRECTIVE SERVICES MINISTER 2006 -08 : I wish to inform the house about an incident involving the inter-prison transportation of prisons by the AIMS Corporation .
LIZ JACKSON : The Minister went on to give this commitment , an incident like Sandfire would never happen again .
MARGARET QUIRK , WA CORRECTIVE SERVICES MINISTER 2006 -08 :
It is intolerable that in this day and age people should be treated to such inhumane conditions , and I have requested the Department that we scrutinise existing procedures to ensure that similar incidents do not occur in the future .
LIZ JACKSON ( to Dennis Eggington ) :
What did you make of that statement ?
DENNIS EGGINGTON , WA ABORIGINAL LEGAL SERVICE : Well I took it on face value .
I mean we have to , I mean we have to put faith in the , in the umpire in the game , we have to put faith in the politicians who do these things .
But um , you know the complaints continued and of course leading to a tragedy .
Looking back on it , um I think they were just words in the wind .
LIZ JACKSON : The most chilling response to the Sandfire incident only emerged at Mr Ward 's Inquest .
It was a letter written by John Hughes then the general manager of AIMS , now a general manager at GSL .
He was called to give evidence in the last week of hearings .
LIZ JACKSON : Mr Hughes , any chance of an interview with Four Corners ?
JOHN HUGHES , GENERAL MANAGER GSL : No comment .
( On Screen Graphic : Excerpts from John Hughes ' letter to the Department of Corrective Services )
LIZ JACKSON : John Hughes ' letter was addressed to the Department of Corrective Services , it was dated a week after the Minister 's assurance that Sandfire would never happen again .
It enclosed what AIMS called its " Strategic Risk Register " , which included this particular item of risk " Death in custody - Transport " , with the likelihood assessed at " 3 " , on a scale of 1 to 5 .
Three means a death is " quite possible " , with the associated risk level to the company assessed as " high " .
AIMS told the Department bluntly .
EXCERPT FROM LETTER :
The identified risks are real and current and present themselves every time a vehicle is in use .
( End of Excerpt )
LIZ JACKSON ( to Richard Harding ) :
Do you think alarm bells should have gone off in the Department that there is a risk every day a vehicle is taken out .
RICHARD HARDING , WA INSPECTOR OF CUSTODIAL SERVICES 2000 - 08 : Absolutely , absolutely .
And it 's incomprehensible to me why it was n't treated with greater attention and urgency .
LIZ JACKSON : The Department 's bland response to the AIMS assessment that a death was a real and current risk , was this .
( On Screen Graphic : Excerpts from letter from the Department of Corrective Services )
EXCERPT FROM LETTER : Dear John .
I acknowledge your concerns in respect to the aging fleet , in particular the inter - prison trucks used for long haul trips .
As previously advised , a replacement fleet is currently being built .
( End of Excerpt )
LIZ JACKSON : This was spin , the Labor Government had acquired the aging fleet in 2005 .
By the date of Mr Ward 's death in this van three years later not one cent had been allocated in the State Government 's budget to replacing the fleet , despite all the warnings .
Margaret Quirk was the Minister for Corrective Services at the time .
MARGARET QUIRK , WA CORRECTIVE SERVICES MINISTER 2006 - 08 : it did n't happen as fast as I would like it to have happened , but yes .
LIZ JACKSON : Why , why I mean you , you 've told me that you 're aware that a prison administrator said he was waiting for a death to happen , you 've told me you were aware that there was an urgent need to replace the fleet , and yet when it comes before cabinet in a boom time the request for money gets knocked back .
MARGARET QUIRK , WA CORRECTIVE SERVICES MINISTER 2006 - 08 :
Well I 've thought about this in hindsight , ah um the , ah the fact that so much of this is recurring in remote regions of Western Australia means that maybe people were n't aware of the um , issue as acutely as I was .
LIZ JACKSON : But it 's your job to make your cabinet colleagues aware of that .
MARGARET QUIRK , WA CORRECTIVE SERVICES MINISTER 2006 - 08 :
Well yes but I 'm one of 15 and no one personally ever said to me that there was likely to be a death in the van .
LIZ JACKSON : Well by 2007 , you were aware of that because Professor Harding had produced his report and he said that it was the situation with the air conditioning breaking down was a potentially life threatening situation , so you were .
MARGARET QUIRK , WA CORRECTIVE SERVICES MINISTER 2006 - 08 :
Well the report had a range of recommendations in it and ah .
LIZ JACKSON : But just to get back to the question , you were .
MARGARET QUIRK , WA CORRECTIVE SERVICES MINISTER 2006 - 08 :
The potential of the air conditioning as we know in hindsight and um no - one regrets what happened to Mr Ward more than I do , and without meaning to sound trite , it was a tragic incident .
DENNIS EGGINGTON , WA ABORIGINAL LEGAL SERVICE :
They were warned and it 's happened .
And that 's the tragedy .
It should n't have happened .
LIZ JACKSON : Six months before Mr Ward died , the AIMS Corporation bailed out of providing the prisoner transport .
Mr Ward was being driven by guards who now worked for GSL Australia , which had recently been acquired by the private security giant , G4S .
The WA government gave GSL the contract despite the fact that just a year before , this damning report was released .
It concerned the " Inappropriate Treatment of Five Detainees " during an interstate transfer conducted by GSL , in 2004 , for the Department of Immigration .
The Investigating officer was Keith Hamburger .
KEITH HAMBURGER , INVESTIGATING OFFICER : I felt quite appalled actually , I um sat in the van , I talked to the Staff as you know that did the escort , I reviewed the evidence .
I saw CCTV footage , and I some of the I 've commented in the report that it was ah , yeah I was very shocked by the whole thing .
( Excerpt of CCTV footage )
LIZ JACKSON : This CCTV footage shows just one of the five detainees locked in the back of the GSL van .
It 's early in the trip from Melbourne to Baxter detention centre in South Australia .
The detainee is Sayeed Kamal , an Afghan asylum seeker , now settled in Australia .
He 's taken off his shirt because it's hot in the cell , and after a while he needs to use a toilet .
But the GSL guards drive nonstop for seven hours , and things get worse .
( End of Excerpt )
SAYEED KAMAL : People was in the backside shouting , crying and ah and I was banging as well because I need to go in the toilet and I bang , bang and no one listening .
I heard the officer there driving , they 're happy and drive , they 're happy to talk with each other , and I can hear him .
I can hear him .
But I can't see anything outside .
All I can hear him and I heard the other people banging and shouting and um and I was there and I was we be thirsty drinking a little bit of water because I was lucky I was with this guy and I have a water .
And um they did n't stop for any breaks , no lunch , no breaks , nothings and , and I have to like , I have to ' cause I want to go toilet , so I bang and I said " can you stop it because I need to go toilet or smoke cigarette or something ? "
And they did n't stop for anything .
And um and I have to do it in the car .
LIZ JACKSON : Over the seven hour journey , none of the five detainees was given any food .
Only Sayed Kamal and his cell mates had any water to drink .
( On Screen Graphics ; Excerpt from report )
GSL was found to be responsible for " placing the health and safety of detainees at risk , humiliation of detainees , disregard of appeals for assistance from detainees in obvious distress " .
The report also found the van was " unsafe " , there were " faults in the air conditioning system , so it failed to adequately cool the secure compartments " .
( End of Excerpt )
LIZ JACKSON ( to Keith Hamburger ) : Did GSL accept that they had breached their Duty of Care in relation to those detainees ?
KEITH HAMBURGER , INVESTIGATING OFFICER :
Ah that 's something you 'd have to put to to GSL , but my report outlines the concerns that I found and GSL would have to comment on that .
LIZ JACKSON : They accepted your recommendations .
KEITH HAMBURGER , INVESTIGATING OFFICER :
Yes they did yes .
LIZ JACKSON : And paid compensation to the people concerned ?
KEITH HAMBURGER , INVESTIGATING OFFICER :
They accepted the recommendations and the findings .
LIZ JACKSON : GSL declined to be interviewed by Four Corners , but their public relations officer Mr Tim Hall , apologised back in 2005 , and made this commitment , on ABC radio .
( Excerpt of audio from ABC Radio )
TIM HALL , GSL PUBLIC RELATIONS OFFICER :
We 'll be taking whatever steps we can to ensure even more than we 've done already , which is a great deal , to ensure that this can never happen again .
LIZ JACKSON : But it did , and worse .
Four years later , this is the same Tim Hall seen here walking into Mr Ward 's Inquest .
( Excerpt of footage of protestors and Tim Hall and John Hughes entering the Inquest )
PROTESTOR : You should be ashamed .
LIZ JACKSON : John Hughes is now the general manager for GSL in Western Australia .
FEMALE PROTESTOR :
You 're the one who was in there , you 're part of it , we expect an apology from you folk .
( End of Excerpt )
LIZ JACKSON : Over a year after Mr Ward 's death GSL has still taken no disciplinary action against Nina Stokoe and Graham Powell , the guards who drove him on the day .
At the Inquest Mr Hughes was asked why .
His answer was extraordinary .
EXCERPT FROM INQUEST , JOHN HUGHES : I believe the view was formed that they had n't formally breached any company policies or procedures .
LIZ JACKSON ( to Richard Harding ) :
How can it be that you can put someone in the back of a van for a four hour drive on a blazing hot day and not check on their welfare the whole way , and that person die and you not to have breached any of the company 's policies and procedures ?
RICHARD HARDING , WA INSPECTOR OF CUSTODIAL SERVICES 2000 - 08 :
It 's certainly surprising .
LIZ JACKSON : What does it say about those procedures ?
RICHARD HARDING , WA INSPECTOR OF CUSTODIAL SERVICES 2000 - 08 :
What does it say ?
It , it tells one that the interaction between the Department which should be ensuring that GSL procedures are appropriate , and GSL itself is not effective and is not actually directed at human rights concerns so much as commercial and technical issues .
LIZ JACKSON : The Commissioner for the Department of Corrective Services declined a sit down interview , but the day after the Inquest finished , he came to Kalgoorlie to meet with the family .
Ian Johnson has been the Commissioner for the past three years .
( Excerpt of footage of Ian Johnson meeting with Mr Ward 's family )
IAN JOHNSON , COMMISSIONER FOR DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIVE SERVICES : I'm Ian Johnson , sorry for your loss .
Hi , my name 's Ian Johnson , how are you ?
GUIDE : This is Dorothy .
Hi Dorothy .
DOROTHY : I 'm his sister .
IAN JOHNSON , COMMISSIONER FOR DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIVE SERVICES :
You 're the nieces , hi how are you .
GUIDE : Daisy .
IAN JOHNSON , COMMISSIONER FOR DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIVE SERVICES :
Daisy , how are you ?
I 'm sorry for your loss Daisy .
There 's somebody else still coming ?
GUIDE : Yes the wife .
IAN JOHNSON , COMMISSIONER FOR DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIVE SERVICES :
Would you like me to wait .
GUIDE : Yes .
LIZ JACKSON : They 're waiting for Mr Ward 's widow , Nancy .
IAN JOHNSON , COMMISSIONER FOR DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIVE SERVICES :
My name 's Ian Johnson , I just want to say sorry for your loss .
LIZ JACKSON ; Ian Johnson had a message for the broad family group .
IAN JOHNSON , COMMISSIONER FOR DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIVE SERVICES :
First of all I just wanted to come along to say I am sorry for what has happened , I feel a bit inadequate no matter what I say , it 's not going to change what has happened , so in some ways I do n't know what to say .
LIZ JACKSON : He went on to deliver a familiar line , the Department is now committed to ensuring it never happens again .
IAN JOHNSON , COMMISSIONER FOR DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIVE SERVICES :
To making sure we make the changes to try and ensure this does n't happen again .
LIZ JACKSON : The family listened politely while he outlined all the recent changes in procedures .
No - one was rude enough to ask why none of this had happened years ago , when Mr Ward was still alive .
IAN JOHNSON , COMMISSIONER FOR DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIVE SERVICES :
Welfare checks , about obviously safety procedures inside the vehicles , about alarms that actually sound to tell you that something has actually gone wrong , but importantly communicating with people who are being transported to make sure they are alright .
LIZ JACKSON : Finally it was good to hear the Commissioner say that as far as the Department 's actions go , he is responsible .
IAN JOHNSON , COMMISSIONER FOR DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIVE SERVICES : Forget all the committees , at the end of the day I am the person that is responsible for the Department and the actions of the Department , and I take that responsibility .
Alright , thank you .
LIZ JACKSON ( to Ian Johnson ) :
Look you are saying you accept responsibility for what happened , are you saying that you accept responsibility for the fact that the Department was on notice that it was an inhumane and dangerous system that was in place in relation to prisoner transport are you accepting responsibility for that ?
IAN JOHNSON , COMMISSIONER FOR DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIVE SERVICES :
What I said there to the people here today is that I 'm saying sorry , and secondly he asked who was responsible for the Department , that 's me .
LIZ JACKSON : So , do you accept that .
IAN JOHNSON , COMMISSIONER FOR DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIVE SERVICES :
No , please let me answer , what I said to him was that I 'm sorry , and secondly when he said who 's responsible for the Department , I said that 's me , that 's what I said .
LIZ JACKSON : Does that mean you are responsible for the fact .
IAN JOHNSON , COMMISSIONER FOR DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIVE SERVICES :
No , I 'm here to actually speak to the family members .
LIZ JACKSON : That the Department has been on notice for a number of years that it's an unsafe and inhumane system , do you accept that an inadequate response was made to those reports and recommendations ?
IAN JOHNSON , COMMISSIONER FOR DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIVE SERVICES :
What I came here today for was to say sorry to the family , not to have a media event , to say sorry to the family , and when asked a question about who 's responsible for the Department , that 's me .
That 's all I have to say , that 's all I have to say .
( End of Excerpt )
LIZ JACKSON ( to Margaret Quirk ) :
Do you feel you can say to the Ward family that the state did exercise a duty of care in relation to Mr Ward ?
MARGARET QUIRK , WA CORRECTIVE SERVICES MINISTER 2006 - 08 :
No I think we were negligent and I myself regard myself as personally responsible even if I 'm not legally responsible .
LIZ JACKSON : Have you met with the family ?
MARGARET QUIRK , WA CORRECTIVE SERVICES MINISTER 2006 -08 :
No I ah , I ah was waiting til after the Coroner 's inquest and ah I certainly had messages passed onto them on my behalf but no I have n't .
LIZ JACKSON : Are those messages saying sorry ?
MARGARET QUIRK , WA CORRECTIVE SERVICES MINISTER 2006 - 08 :
Of course they 're saying sorry .
( Wipes a tear from her cheek )
DENNIS EGGINGTON , WA ABORIGINAL LEGAL SERVICE : I 'm sure that she was upset .
But in the end where does the buck stop ?
It 's got to stop somewhere .
LIZ JACKSON : Three days ago the West Australian Coroner handed down his findings in relation to the death of this man , Mr Ward .
The findings were damning .
The Coroner found that Nina Stokoe and Graham Powell , the Department of Corrective Services and the company GSL had all breached their duty of care , and each had contributed to Mr Ward 's death .
The Coroner indicated he believed a criminal offence may been committed , and would refer this to the DPP ( Department of Public Prosecutions ) .
Finally , he put this question , how could a society which would like to think of itself as civilised allow a human being to be transported in the way that this man was .
[ End of transcript ]
Here 's a few things I 've been working on lately which may be of broader interest : Bordeaux - FFT is a small library for computing the FFT / IFFT on complex data , originally written by Robert Strandh ( and / or Sylvain Marchand and Martin Raspaud ) , with contributions by Paul Khuong and myself .
Last summer I did some audio processing experiments , originally using the FFT code from Sapaclisp .
Robert helpfully volunteered his FFT implementation , which I cleaned up slightly and have been cheerfully employing in various audio hacks ever since .
Several versions have changed hands through email , lisppaste , and my web server , so I 've finally come around to collecting the changes , writing a brief manual , and tarring up a release .
It 's surprisingly fast , particularly with Paul Khuong 's recent work on SBCL , although I do n't know how it stacks up against some of the highly tuned assembly language implementations out there .
I use it along with my fledgling task queuing code to grind out batches of FFTs across four CPU cores .
Shuffletron is a simple music player in CL , with a few interesting features .
I 've been running this program full time for several weeks now as my preferred music player .
It snuck on to the lisp subreddit before I really announced it , and I 'm sure folks on IRC are already sick of hearing about it , so I wo n't say much .
I began with plans for a much more ambitious player , with a fancy graphical interface , and wrote the first version of this one Saturday realizing I needed something simple to put the audio code through its paces while I wrote the full player , intending to include this one as an example program with Mixalot .
It worked better than expected , so I ended up fleshing out the feature set instead and decided that it was really all I needed .
The code is lean and mean .
I 've had a number of problems trying to produce redistributable binaries of this which I believe I 've finally solved ( although new binaries are forthcoming ) .
I hope to write about these later .
Mixalot is the audio back - end of Shuffletron , factored into its own system (s ) because it might be useful for other purposes .
It includes a mixer which pulls audio from any number of streamer objects and outputs them to ALSA .
It also includes FFI definitions for libmpg123 with some helpers for decoding MP3 files and reading ID3 tags , and a streamer class for decoding and playing MP3 files in real time .
The libmpg123 portions are usable independently of the audio mixing / output code .
Why Health Reform Is Likely to Have a Public Plan
Huffington Post 's Ryan Grim has been doing great work covering Sen. Ben Nelson 's ( D - Neb. ) endless flips and flops on the public health insurance plan .
A few weeks ago , you might remember that Nelson was talking about forming a " coalition of like - minded centrists opposed to the creation of a public plan , as a counterweight to Democrats pushing for it . "
Back then , the public plan was a " deal breaker . "
Now ?
He 's open to a public plan .
Neat how that works .
But Nelson is n't alone .
Support for the public plan seems to have elevated in a few corners .
Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) , previously cool to the idea , is now said to be fighting " tooth and nail " for its inclusion .
Sen. Arlen Specter ( D - Pa. ) , once a monosyllabic opponent ( " no " ) , is now proclaiming himself open to the idea .
Meanwhile , the public plan 's supporter -- Sens. Chuck Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) , Ted Kennedy ( D - Mass. ) , and others -- have organized and begun insisting , rather than merely mentioning , the idea .
Liberal senators came together and signed a letter in support of the policy .
The White House , which seemed relatively unsinterested in the issue a few months ago , has begun pushing hard for it .
And that , in my reporting , is what seems to be underneath the change .
A few months ago , most observers thought the public plan was a bargaining chip .
It had a lot of public supporters but few real friends .
In recent weeks , that 's begun to change .
The White House seems genuinely intent on including a public plan -- or at least some form of public competition -- in the final bill .
And that 's changed the incentives for senators down the line .
The public plan was safe to oppose so long as the powerful players were n't really interested in its survival .
Indeed , when the policy was going to be bargained away anyway , the incentives were to try to convince the health industry that you 'd been their key ally in that victory .
But now that the White House has put some muscle behind the policy , opposition has potential consequences .
And that 's making the policy 's opponents rethink their stridency .
A few months ago , I would have bet against the presence of a public plan in the final bill .
Now I 'd put my money in favor of it .
( Photo credit : AP Photo / Charles Dharapak )
RDFa ( “ Resource Description Framework in attributes ” ) is having its five minutes of fame : Google is beginning to process RDFa and Microformats as it indexes websites , using the parsed data to enhance the display of search results with “ rich snippets . ”
Yahoo ! , meanwhile , has been processing RDFa for about a year .
With these two giants of search on the same trajectory , a new kind of web is closer than ever before .
Article Continues Below
The web is designed to be consumed by humans , and much of the rich , useful information our websites contain , is inaccessible to machines .
People can cope with all sorts of variations in layout , spelling , capitalization , color , position , and so on , and still absorb the intended meaning from the page .
Machines , on the other hand , need some help .
A new kind of web — a semantic web — would be made up of information marked up in such a way that software can also easily understand it .
Before considering how we might achieve such a web , let ’s look at what we might be able to do with it .
Improved search #section2
Adding machine - friendly data to a web page improves our ability to search .
Imagine a news story that says “ today the prime minister flew to Australia , ” in reference to Britain ’s prime minister , Gordon Brown .
The article might not call the prime minister by name , but it ’s still pretty easy to ensure that this news story shows up when someone searches for “ Gordon Brown . ”
If the news story in question dates from 1940 , however , we would n’t want this document to appear when users search for “ Gordon Brown ” — but we would want it to appear when they search for “ Winston Churchill . ”
To accomplish this using the same technique as the Gordon Brown example — i.e. , by mapping one set of words to another — our search engine must know the start and end dates of the premierships of all British prime ministers , and then cross-reference those with the publication date of the newspaper article .
This would n’t be completely impossible , but what if the article is a piece of fiction , or if it ’s actually about the Australian prime minister ?
In these cases , a simple list of dates wo n’t help us .
The indexing algorithms that try to deduce necessary context from the text are sure to improve in the coming years , but extra markup that makes information unambiguous can only make search more accurate .
Improved user interfaces #section3
Yahoo ! and Google have both begun to use RDFa to improve user experience by enhancing the appearance of individual search results .
Here ’s Google ’s approach :
A rich snippet on Google .
… and here ’s Yahoo ! ’s :
An enhanced results example on Yahoo !
There ’s a commercial advantage to having a better “ understanding ” of the pages being indexed : more relevant , focused advertisements can be placed alongside search results .
Now that we know why we might want to put more machine - friendly data in our pages , we can ask how we might go about it .
HTML ’s metadata features #section4
You ’ll no doubt already be familiar with the basic metadata features that HTML supports .
The most commonly used are the meta and link elements , and some people will also be aware that the @rel attribute used on link can also be used with a .
( Note : I ’ll be using the term “ HTML ” to mean “ the HTML family of languages , ” since what I ’m saying applies equally to both HTML and XHTML . )
We ’ll look at these existing features first , because they provide the conceptual foundation upon which RDFa has been built .
The HTML use of meta and link #section5
The meta and link elements live in the head of a document , and allow us to provide information that relates to that document .
For example , I might want to say that I created my document on May 9th , 2009 , that I am the author , and that I give other people the right to use the article however they want :
( Line wraps marked » — Ed. )
< html > < head > < title >
RDFa : Now everyone can have an API < / title > < meta name = " author " content = " Mark Birbeck " /> < meta name= " created " content = " 2009-05-09 " /> < link rel=" license " href= " http://creativecommons.org/licenses/ »
by - sa/3.0 / " /> </ head > . . . </html >
This example shows how HTML neatly packs the document ’s metadata into a space distinct from the document ’s text .
HTML uses the head element for metadata and the body element for whatever content the web page contains .
HTML also allows us to blur these two areas : we can place the @rel attribute on a clickable link , yet retain the meaning that it contains in link .
Imagine I want to allow my site visitors to view my Creative Commons license .
As things stand , the information about which license I ’m referring to is hidden from readers because it ’s in the head .
But that ’s easily addressed by adding an anchor in the body :
< a href = " http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ " >
CC Attribution - ShareAlike</a>
This is fine , and it allows us to achieve our goals : first , we have machine - ready metadata in the head that describes the relationship between the document and the license :
< link rel=" license " href= " http://creativecommons.org/licenses/ »
by - sa/3.0 / " />
… and second , we have a link in the body , that allows a human to click through and read the license :
< a href = " http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ " >
CC Attribution - ShareAlike</a>
But HTML also allows us to use the @rel attribute of link on an anchor .
In other words , it allows metadata that would normally go into the head of the document to appear in the body .
With this incredibly powerful technique , we can express both the metadata for machines , and the clickable link for humans , in one convenient package :
< a rel=" license " href= " http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ " >
CC Attribution - ShareAlike</a>
This simple method of augmenting inline markup with metadata is not often used in web pages , but it ’s right at the heart of RDFa .
This leads to the first principle of RDFa :
The link and a elements imply that there is a relationship between the current document and some other document ; the @rel attribute allows us to provide a value that will better describe that relationship .
Do n’t forget though : using @rel with a is merely taking advantage of an already existing HTML feature , which RDFa then draws attention to .
Applying distinct licenses to images #section8
The previous example provides licensing information about the web page that contains it .
But what if the page contains multiple items , each of which has a different license ?
It does n’t take more than a moment to think up scenarios where this would apply , such as a page of search results on Flickr , YouTube , or SlideShare .
RDFa takes the simple idea behind @rel — that it expresses a relationship between two things — and builds on it , by allowing the attribute to be applied to the @src attribute on the img element .
So , for example , imagine a page of search results on Flickr :
< img src=" image1.png " /> < img src=" image2.png " />
Let ’s say that the first image is licensed with the Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike license , but that the second uses CC’s
Attribution - Noncommercial - No Derivative works license .
How should we mark it up ?
If you guessed that we simply place the @rel attribute on the img tag , then you are exactly right .
To express two
different licenses , one for each image , we simply do this :
< img src=" image1.png " rel=" license " href= " http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ " /> < img src=" image2.png " rel=" license " href = " http://creativecommons.org/licenses/ »
by - nc-nd/3.0 / " />
Here , you can see the core principle in action — incrementally building on the metadata features that HTML already provides .
Building
on HTML concepts in this way makes it easier for people to orient themselves when using RDFa .
The @rel and @href attributes are no longer confined to the a and link elements , but can also be used on img to indicate a relationship between the image and some other item .
Adding properties to the body # section10
In our HTML illustration , we saw that we can also add textual properties about the document :
< meta name = " author " content = " Mark Birbeck " /> < meta name= " created " content = " 2009-05-01 " />
This tells us who created the document , and when , but it can only be used in the head of the document .
RDFa takes this technique and embellishes it so that it can be used in body ; @content is therefore no longer confined to the meta tag , but can appear on any element .
In ordinary HTML , properties are set in the head of the document , using @content with meta .
In HTML documents with RDFa , @content can be used to set properties on any element .
There is a minor change from the way @content is used in head though , which is that since the @name attribute is already used for a different purpose in other parts of HTML , it would get a little confusing to also use it to represent the property name in the body .
RDFa therefore provides a new attribute , called @property , to play this role .
Although HTML uses the @name property to set the name of a property on meta , it ca n’t be used on other elements , so RDFa provides a new attribute called @property .
Suppose our document ’s publication date and author name are in the head of the document , and that the same information is in human - readable form in the body of the document :
< html > < head > < title >
RDFa : Now everyone can have an API < / title > < meta name = " author " content = " Mark Birbeck " /> < meta name= " created " content = " 2009-05-09 " /> </ head > < body >
< h1 > RDFa : Now everyone can have an API </ h1 > Author : < em > Mark Birbeck </em > Created : < em > May 9th , 2009 </ em > </ body > </html >
With RDFa we can coalesce these two sets of information , so that the metadata is located at the same point as the readable text :
< html > < head > < title >
RDFa : Now everyone can have an API < / title > </ head > < body >
< h1 > RDFa : Now everyone can have an API </ h1 >
Author : < em property =" author " content = " Mark Birbeck " >
Mark Birbeck </em >
Published : < em property =" created " content = " 2009-05-09 " >
May 14th , 2009 </ em > </ body > </html >
We ’ll see in a moment how we can improve on this example .
For now we just need to recognize that whether the metadata appears in the body of the document or the head , it means the same thing — and that this is merely the text property equivalent of the @rel technique that HTML already has for expressing relationships in body .
Using vocabularies #section13
We have to take a small diversion here .
We can get away with using @name = " author " in the document head because even though the property “ author ” is not defined in any specification , over the years people have come to expect it .
But RDFa allows — and requires — much greater precision .
When we use a term such as “ author ” or “ created , ” we need to indicate where that term comes from .
If we do n’t , we have no way to know if what you mean by “ author ” is the same thing I mean .
This may seem unnecessary .
After all , how could anyone confuse an obvious term such as “ author ” ?
But imagine that the term is “ country ” on a holiday website ; does that term define the country the holiday is in , or does it indicate that the holiday takes place in the country , rather than in the city ?
Many other words also have different meanings in different contexts , and if you then add to that the possibility of different languages , you ’ll soon realize that if we want to make any headway with our data , we need to be precise .
And that means indicating where our terms come from .
In RDFa , we do this by indicating that we want to use a certain collection of terms , or vocabulary .
This is easily done — just specify the address of the vocabulary , in conjunction with a short - form map , like this :
xmlns:dc= " http://purl.org/dc/terms/ "
( If you understand XML , you ’ll recognize this as the syntax for an XML namespace declaration . )
This example provides us access to the list of terms from the Dublin Core vocabulary , by way of the prefix “ dc. ” Dublin Core has many terms available to us , and the two we ’ll use in our example are “ creator ” and “ created . ”
To put them to work , we need to place the prefix in front of them , like so :
dc:creator dc:created
Now it ’s completely clear : “ dc:creator ” is not the same as “ xyz:creator . ”
Note that the prefix mapping needs to be placed in the document somewhere “ above ” the location where it will be used .
In our example , it could be placed on the body element or the html element .
The full example might look like this :
< html xmlns:dc= " http://purl.org/dc/terms/ " > < head > < title >
RDFa : Now everyone can have an API < / title > </ head > < body >
< h1 > RDFa : Now everyone can have an API </ h1 > Author : < em property = " dc:creator " content = " Mark Birbeck " >
Mark Birbeck </em >
Published : < em property = " dc:created " content = " 2009-05-09 " >
May 9th , 2009 </ em > </ body > </html >
There are plenty of other vocabularies to choose from , and I ’ll list a few more in the next article in this series .
Of course , there is nothing to stop you from inventing your own for use within your company , organization , or interest group .
But note one thing that often surprises people : there is no central organization to police your work .
There are best practices to follow .
However , with power comes responsibility , so try to find out as much as you can about the process before you start work on a new vocabulary .
Before we return to our example , I should add one last point about vocabularies ; you will no doubt be wondering why
@rel=" license " did n’t get the same treatment as @property =" author " , and require a prefix .
The answer is that HTML already has some built - in values used with @rel ( such as “ next ” and “ prev ” ) , and RDFa adds a few more .
One of those added by RDFa is “ license . ”
But once you want to go outside of this list of values — for example , to use a term from the Dublin Core vocabulary such as “ replaces ” or a term from FOAF such as “ knows ” — then you must use the prefix mapping technique in exactly the same way as we have for @property .
For example , say our article not only has a CC license as we saw before , but it also replaces some other document — a relationship we can express using Dublin Core ’s “ replaces ” term .
We express these two relationships like this :
< html xmlns:dc= " http://purl.org/dc/terms/ " > < head > < title >
RDFa : Now everyone can have an API < / title > </ head > < body >
< h1 > RDFa : Now everyone can have an API </ h1 > Author : < em property = " dc:creator " content = " Mark Birbeck " >
Mark Birbeck </em >
Created : < em property = " dc:created " content = " 2009-05-09 " >
May 9th , 2009 </ em > License : < a rel=" license " href= " http://creativecommons.org/licenses/ »
by - sa/3.0 / " >
CC Attribution - ShareAlike</a>
Previous version : < a rel= " dc:replaces " href=" rdfa.0.8.html " > version 0.8</a> </ body > </html >
Now that we understand vocabularies , let ’s get back to our main example .
Using inline text to set the value of a property # section14
In the previous example , the duplication of the text “ Mark Birbeck ” in both the @content attribute and the inline text may have jarred you .
If it did , you ’re certainly getting into the swing of RDFa .
We can indeed remove the @content value if the inline text holds the value that we want to use for metadata :
Author : < em property = " dc:creator " >
Mark Birbeck </em >
If no @content attribute is present , then the value of a property will be set using the element ’s inline text .
Although the @content technique is derived from HTML ’s meta element , think of the preceding example as the “ default ” way to set a property .
Providing a @content value can be a way to override the inline value , if it does n’t quite say what you want .
It also allows authors more leeway with the text that the user reads , since they can be more precise within the embedded data .
The publication date illustrates this ; all of the data in the following examples have the same meaning , yet give very different presentations to the reader :
< span property = " dc:created " content = " 2009-05 - 14 " >
May 14th , 2009 </ span > < span property = " dc:created " content = " 2009-05 - 14 " >
May 14th</ span > < span property = " dc:created " content = " 2009-05 - 14 " > 14th May </ span > < span property = " dc:created " content = " 2009-05-14" >14/05/09</span > < span property = " dc:created " content = " 2009-05-14" >tomorrow </ span > < span property = " dc:created " content = " 2009-05-14 " > yesterday </ span > < span property =" dc:created " content = " 2009-05 - 14 " > 14 Mai , 2009 </ span > < span property = " dc:created " content = " 2009-05 - 14 " > 14 maggio , 2009 </ span >
If the @content attribute is present , it overrides the value in the element ’s inline text to set the value of the property .
In the next issue of ALA , we ’ll learn how to add properties to an image — and how to add metadata to any item .
In a speech at the Council on Foreign Relations ( CFR ) on Wednesday , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton outlined the Obama administration ’s foreign policy , which has been widely touted as a sharp break from that of his predecessor’s .
Judging from commentary in the media , Obama has ushered in a new age of diplomacy and international engagement .
Clinton herself suggested as much .
But setting aside the platitudes that comprised most of Clinton ’s speech and looking closely at her remarks that actually spoke meaningfully towards U.S. policy under the Obama , a different picture emerges , one not of a change of course from Bush but rather of near perfect continuity between the two administrations .
Obama ’s foreign policy parallels Bush ’s .
The train may have switched tracks , but it ’s still headed in the same direction .
Take , for starters , the framework Clinton established early on in her speech .
“ Liberty , democracy , justice and opportunity underlie our priorities ” , she said .
“ Some accuse us of using these ideals to justify actions that contradict their very meaning .
Others say we are too often condescending and imperialistic , seeking only to expand our power at the expense of others .
And yes , these perceptions have fed anti-Americanism , but they do not reflect who we are . ”
See , U.S. foreign policy does n’t really contradict enlightened rhetoric and declarations of benevolent intent from policy makers .
The U.S. is n’t really condescending or imperialistic .
It does n’t really seek only to expand its power at the expense of others .
No , these are merely “ perceptions ” , and false ones .
The obvious corollary is that we mus n’t change our policies , only work to correct these warped perceptions that cause people to unjustly oppose U.S. actions .
It hardly needs to be said that there ’s nothing new about that formula .
The multilateralism touted by Obama is different from Bush ’s unilateralism , but only slightly .
The difference is that Bush openly declared that if you are n’t with us , you ’re against us .
Obama ’s team is being more nuanced and diplomatic in talking about building the “ architecture of global cooperation . ”
But in the end , it ’s still about furthering U.S. interests as percieved by Washington and the corporate oligarchy .
Cooperation and multilateralism , as it was under Bush , is fine , so long as it serves our “ interests ” as defined by that minority segment of the population .
Obama ’s strategy is quite different in terms of rhetoric about diplomacy , but the actual policy goal goals are indistinguishable from previous administrations .
One means by which policy goals are accomplished is through NATO , a matter that Clinton addressed .
She observed that NATO was designed for the Cold War .
But rather than becoming obsolete with the end of the Cold War , even now , two decades later , NATO must instead be restructured “ to update its strategic concept so that it is as effective in this century as it was in the last . ”
This is precisely the same policy as previous administrations .
Or take Clinton ’s remarks about the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
She says the Obama administration “ wasted no time in starting an intensive effort on day one to realize the rights of Palestinians and Israelis to live in peace and security in two states . ”
President Bush said exactly the same thing in not dissimilar language , only to implement an actual policy that fully supported Israel ’s crimes against the Palestinians , including it ’s 23 - day full - scale military assault on Gaza beginning December 27 .
U.S. policy under Obama has n’t altered that framework one iota .
The House of Representatives , for example , just approved Obama ’s foreign aid budget that rewards Israel for it ’s massacre of Palestinians in Gaza and other violations of international law with an additional $ 2.2 billion , on top of $ 555 million already allocated earlier this year .
Still , we are supposed to believe that the Obama administration is doing something “ to ease the living conditions of Palestinians , and create circumstances that can lead to the establishment of a viable Palestinian state . ”
Clinton offers no evidence that the U.S. has done anything more than spout rhetoric about this , rendered meaningless by the U.S. ’s actual actions .
Bush and Obama alike have paid lip service to the rights and aspirations of the Palestinians , but the actual facts about U.S. foreign policy point to an opposite conclusion from the one Clinton would have the public believe .
Clinton ’s remarks on Iran similarly reflect perfect continuity from the Bush administration framework , asserting “ the Iranian march toward a nuclear weapon ” as fact , despite the complete lack of evidence to support the claim , and even the conclusion of the U.S. ’s own intelligence community to the contrary .
The Obama administration has made it ’s position clear .
It is willing to engage in “ diplomacy ” with Iran .
The proposed “ dialogue ” and offer “ to engage Iran ” would entail “ giving its leaders a clear choice : whether to join the international community as a responsible member ” by acquiescing to U.S. demands to halt uranium enrichment , “ or to continue down a path to further isolation ” by refusing to accept the U.S. ultimatum .
This policy does n’t differ from Bush ’s one jot or one tittle , except inasmuch as it is an escalation of the Bush policy .
“ We remain ready to engage with Iran , ” Clinton reminds us , “ but the time for action is now .
The opportunity will not remain open indefinitely . ”
As Clinton has explained earlier , sanctions even more stringent than those imposed under Bush , “ crippling sanctions ” in her words , will follow .
Iran must be punished for refusing to bow to the will of Washington , and if there ’s a change , it ’s that Obama is even more eager than Bush to inflict it .
The policy formula for Afghanistan and Pakistan is familiar enough : “ In Afghanistan and Pakistan , our goal is to disrupt , dismantle , and ultimately defeat al - Qaida and its extremist allies , and to prevent their return to either country . ”
This warrants little comment , other than the observation that Obama has n’t only continued Bush ’s policy here , but escalated it by “ sending an additional 17,000 troops and 4,000 military trainers to Afghanistan . ”
Or take Iraq , where the Obama administration is “ developing a long - term economic and political relationship … as outlined by the US - Iraq Strategic Framework Agreement ” that was implemented under the Bush administration .
No comment is required here .
And what about U.S. policy towards “ enemy combatants ” ?
Clinton asserted , “ We renewed our own values by prohibiting torture ” — but torture has always been prohibited under U.S. law .
Obama ’s Executive Order did n’t do anything new , it merely reiterated already existing prohibitions .
Clinton said the administration is “ beginning to close the Guantanamo Bay detention facility . ”
What she meant is that they ’ve begun the process of beginning the process to close “ Gitmo . ”
It ’s a long ways from actually closing , and there ’s plenty of opposition and other obstacles to overcome before this can happen , assuming the administration is sincere in its stated desire to shut Gitmo down .
There ’s little reason to doubt their sincerity ; shutting down Gitmo would be a useful way to do away with what has become a symbol for the unjustness of U.S. detention policy while doing little or nothing to actually alter that policy .
Obama , for instance , has not challenged , but accepted and reinforced the assumption of Executive power employed under the Bush administration under which detainees were captured and imprisoned in Gitmo in the first place .
On policy issue after policy issue , the continual torrrent of media commentary to the contrary aside , the Obama administration represents a continuation of the existing power establishment and goals and means of furthering U.S. strategic interests as defined by that very narrow and entirely self - interested segment of American society .
The CFR itself is among the prominent means by which these narrow interests perpetuate themselves .
Clinton , herself a member , made some telling offhand remarks before beginning her scripted speech .
Remarking on the CFR ’s new headquarters in Washington , D.C. , she said , “ I am delighted to be here in these new headquarters .
I have been often to I guess the mother ship in New York City , but it ’s good to have an outpost of the Council right here down the street from the State Department .
We get a lot of advice from the Council , so this will mean I wo n’t have as far to go to be told what we should be doing and how we should think about the future . ”
And so it goes , business as usual .
Mr Clegg said MPs resigning over expenses should not get a large pay off MPs who stand down after expenses revelations should not be entitled to large tax free pay - offs , Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has said .
Since stories about expenses claims began , 13 MPs have said they will stand down at the election , although three say they are going for health reasons .
They will be entitled to a pay - off worth up to a year 's salary of £ 64,000 depending on their age and experience .
Mr Clegg said there was " no reason " some should get the tax free reward .
Under current rules , Conservative MP Julie Kirkbride could receive a pay off of about £ 32,000 while Labour 's Margaret Moran could get £ 54,000 - by way of the " resettlement grant " which is only paid to MPs who leave at a general election .
Dry rot On Thursday both women announced their intention to step down at the next general election - Ms Kirkbride had faced a series of allegations .
She and her husband - the Tory MP Andrew MacKay - had both claimed for a second home .
He had already announced his intention to quit .
ESTIMATED PAY - OFFS Ben Chapman : £ 36,269 Derek Conway : £ 64,766 Christopher Fraser : £ 32,383 Douglas Hogg : £ 59,585 Julie Kirkbride : £ 32,383 Andrew MacKay : £ 64,766 Ian McCartney : £ 64,766 Margaret Moran : £ 54 , 403 Anthony Steen : £ 32,383 Peter Viggers : £ 32,383 Ann Winterton : £ 38 , 860 Nicholas Winterton : £ 32,383 Source : BBC estimates for resettlement grants , based on length of service and age
The great Commons clearout MP Cash ' not intending to quit ' MPs Kirkbride and Moran to quit MPs ' golden goodbyes Ms Moran was under fire for claiming £ 22,000 to deal with dry rot at a home that was neither in London , nor her constituency .
The resettlement grant varies between MPs as it is based on years of service and age .
According to the Ministry of Justice the current cost of the alternative - a by election should an MP stand down - is £ 70,000 - £ 80,000 , depending on the size of the constituency .
Mr Clegg , who has also called for voters to be able to sack their MP , said : " I can see no reason why an MP who is sacked or decides to stand down should be rewarded with a big , tax - free , lump sum payment .
" This money is intended to help people who are suddenly voted out of office , " he said .
" Anyone else who decides to quit their job of their own accord can make arrangements for themselves .
MPs should get a leaving card , not a cheque for tens of thousands of pounds . "
Ms Moran said she had done nothing " wrong or dishonest " in her claims - she has repaid the money and has always said she stuck to the rules and had it cleared with the Commons fees office .
Ms Kirkbride said until the row blew up it had not occurred to her she had done anything wrong but said she wanted the Conservatives to have a " great result " at the next election and had to take into account " the effects on my family " of all the media coverage .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Times has overturned a court order which sought to protect the anonymity of a police blogger known as NightJack .
The blog , which has now been deleted , detailed the life and views of a serving police detective .
Earlier this year it won an Orwell prize for political writing .
The blogger is Richard Horton a 45 - year old detective constable with Lancashire Constabulary .
When contacted by Murdoch 's organ he sought an injunction to protect his privacy .
But Justice Eady ruled he had no right to anonymity .
Horton has received a written warning from Lancs police .
The judge said Horton could not expect to remain anonymous because “ blogging is essentially a public rather than a private activity ” .
According to The Times .
Eady said : " I do not accept that it is part of the court ’s function to protect police officers who are , or think they may be , acting in breach of police discipline regulations from coming to the attention of their superiors . ”
The blog was critical of many aspects of police work , some serving policemen and politicians .
It also discussed certain cases , although information was anonymised .
The paper claimed that some individuals could be identified by a process of elimination .
Lancs Police said Horton 's behaviour was unacceptable and he had been given a written warning . ®
Who Gets Swine Flu Vaccine Before You Do College kids to line up before elderly ; Pregnant women among first in line .
July 29 , 2009  -- Elderly Americans who are used to being among the first in line for seasonal flu vaccines have been left off of the list of those who will have priority for swine flu shots this fall .
Instead , pregnant women and young people will be among those who go to the head of the line .
Health officials met at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta today to decide whether the government should go ahead with mass vaccinations and who would get first dibs on a vaccine that could become available this fall .
Watch " World News With Charles Gibson " tonight at 6:30 ET for the full report .
After wrestling with which groups should get priority , the committee ultimately decided by a vote of 13 to 1 to give immunization priority to a group including pregnant women , those who care for infants under six months of age , health care and EMS workers , children and teenagers between ages 6 months and 18 years old , and anyone under the age of 64 underlying medical conditions .
Senior citizens will also have to wait behind 19 to 24 year olds , who often get sick in large numbers at college , but do n't tend to get deathly ill .
The groups getting prioritized make up about half of the U.S. population .
According to the latest CDC numbers , more than 43,700 cases of swine flu have already been confirmed in the U.S. Fifty percent of those cases have been among people between the ages of 5 and 24 .
Just 1 percent of all the swine flu victims in recent months were 65 and older .
The figures illustrate how different swine flu has been from regular flu , which is normally more dangerous for the elderly .
Of all cases in the U.S. , more than 5,000 people have been hospitalized and 302 have died .
New Study Highlights Swine Flu Risks For Pregnant Women
The decision about vaccine priorities comes as a new study released this morning reveals that six pregnant women with swine flu died between April 15 and June 16 -- accounting for 13 percent of the total 45 U.S. deaths reported to the CDC .
All of them were healthy until they came down with the virus and developed pneumonia , according to the study based on CDC data .
Not one of them received an antiviral to help them get better .
The study , published in the Aug. 8 issue of the British medical journal Lancet , indicates that pregnant women have been hospitalized more often , and have faced a higher risk of death , than other populations while battling the swine flu .
" If a pregnant woman suspects she has influenza , has influenza - like symptoms , the first thing she needs to do is call her health care provider and find out what she needs to do , " Dr. Denise Jamieson , the study 's author and medical officer in the CDC 's division of reproductive health , said today .
" And then the health care provider should have a system in place for triaging and evaluating pregnant women with influenza - symptoms promptly , and they should not hesitate to initiate antiviral therapy . "
" I do think pregnant women should be a priority , right up there with health care workers , " Tulane University 's John Barry , author of " The Great Influenza , " said Tuesday .
Yesterday others also considered who else should be on the list .
" Children and young adults with certain pre-existing medical conditions , and children , particularly younger children , should be included , " said Dr. Andrew Pavia , chief of pediatric infectious disease at the University of Utah .
Others argued police , firefighters , the military , even utility workers , should also have priority .
" We do n't want any of these people out in time of a national crisis , " said Dr. Howard Markel at the University of Michigan .
Visit the ABC News OnCall + Swine Flu Center to get all your questions answered .
Learn about swine flu's symptoms and find out if you need to see a doctor .
Pregnant Women Vulnerable To Swine Flu
Any flu virus can be dangerous for a pregnant woman , but swine flu appears to be especially threatening .
The flu can be particularly dangerous in the second and third trimester of pregnancy , both for mother and baby .
That was the case for Kelly Tunstall , who was eight months pregnant when she developed flu symptoms .
Tunstall was put in a medically induced coma in the hopes it would save her and her baby .
Both she and her newborn survived .
" I found out that I had the swine flu after I had woken up from the coma , " Tunstall told " Good Morning America . "
" The first thing I did when I woke up was I put my hands on my stomach and asked where my baby was , and was told that she was delivered by C- section .
I was terrified that I had lost her and I did n't have my baby . "
" I want every pregnant woman to know that if they have any kind of flu symptoms , push the doctor for a test , " she said .
" And if the doctor wo n't test them , insist that they treat them like they have the swine flu . "
Dr. Jacques Moritz , director of gynecology at New York 's St. Luke 's Roosevelt Hospital , said Tuesday that a pregnant woman 's weakened immune system makes her especially susceptible to the virus .
" What the body does , and what the baby does , really , is it sends out a message , ' Do n't get rid of me , ' " Moritz said .
" So it brings down the immune system , so you do n't reject the fetus . "
He added , " Anybody that is going to be pregnant , in the second or third trimester during this upcoming flu season , should get vaccinated before , obviously , the flu season . "
But pregnant women may be reluctant to receive vaccines , especially brand - new ones , while they 're expecting .
Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health , said on Tuesday it's " understandable " that pregnant women are hesitant to get vaccinated .
" That 's a natural reflex , but you have to understand the balance of the risk of a vaccination , " Fauci added .
" Unfortunately , the flu vaccine has been recommended since 2004 for any woman that 's going to be pregnant during flu season , and yet we know that less than 15 percent of actually get vaccinated , " Jamieson said .
" So we do need to do a better job of ensuring pregnant women are vaccinated against influenza , both seasonal influenza as well as pandemic influenza . "
Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of Vanderbilt University Medical Center 's department of preventive medicine , advised pregnant women today that " The first thing you do is get vaccinated against the regular influenza and then stay alert when H1N1 vaccine becomes available , and get vaccinated then if that 's the recommendation at the time . "
He added on " Good Morning America " that between the regular seasonal flu and H1N1 , " we may have a double barrel influenza season this year . "
Mom - to - be Sivan Berman - Marciano said Tuesday she 'll indeed opt for a swine flu vaccination if her doctor recommends it .
" If it 's going to help not to have the swine flu and keep my baby safe , I will take it , " Berman - Marciano said .
" I 'm much more worried now than I was before getting pregnant because now , it 's not only me , it 's the baby also , " she added .
The first American to die of swine flu was a 33 - year - old pregnant woman in Texas .
Her baby girl , delivered by caesarian , survived .
Near Seattle , 27 - year - old Katie Flyte is fighting for her life after complications from swine flu .
Flyte was six months pregnant and caring for her sick 2 - year - old when she developed flulike symptoms that were misdiagnosed .
She developed pneumonia , then respiratory failure , as doctors rushed to save her premature daughter .
" Go see your doctor , " Katie 's husband , Kenny Flyte , told KOMO News last week .
" Do n't even play around . "
Meantime , in Australia , doctors are urging pregnant women to stay home during this swine flu season to avoid contact with anyone suffering from the illness .
In Great Britain this fall there may be advice to pregnant women to avoid large social gatherings during the anticipatedpandemic .
GAO Report : Gaps Remain in Pandemic Flu Preparation
Today the GAO issued the latest in a series of warnings saying " gaps remain at all levels of government " when it comes to planning for a possible pandemic flu .
The House Homeland Security committee meets today to discuss the state of those preparations .
" Further actions are needed to address the capacity to respond to and recover from an influenza pandemic , which will require additional capacity in patient treatment space , and the acquisition and distribution of medical and other critical supplies , such as antiviral and vaccines , " the GAO report said .
The latest numbers show that more than 43,700 cases of swine flu have already been confirmed in the U.S. Fifty percent of those cases have been among people between the ages of 5 and 24 .
Of all cases in the U.S. , more than 5,000 people have been hospitalized and 302 have died .
The CDC 's worst case scenario is that if nothing is done , 40 percent of Americans could be infected over two years , and hundreds of thousands could die .
To prevent that , health officials are working hard to prepare a swine flu vaccine .
" The lights are on in the laboratories at night , " Schaffner said today .
" This is a race with the virus .
We intend for that vaccine to get there first . "
Clinical trials for a vaccination are expected to start in August , to be followed by a voluntary vaccine program .
Pediatrician Dr. Jim Rice and his wife have decided their four children will take part in the August tests .
" I 'd like my kids to be protected , " Rice told " GMA . "
" Being able to do this as part of a trial may help contribute to the greater good , to some extent , as well , " he said .
After the tests , vaccinations were initially anticipated to begin mid-October , but at today 's meeting there was some concern about whether that timeline will hold .
Data from the trials may not be ready for scientists to review until the end of September , and it could take another four to six weeks to begin a vaccination program .
That could mean the start of the vaccine program gets pushed back into November .
" What I heard was concern that we may not be ready by October , " Kristin Ehresmann , chief of the Minnesota Department of Health 's immunization , tuberculosis , and international health section , said today .
" If we are not going to make October , tell us now . "
Schaffner called mid-October " a little bit optimistic , " adding , " Everyone is working very hard to get this vaccine out as quickly as possible , but it 's going to be tight . "
ABC News ' Olivia Hallihan , Tom Shine and ABC News ' Medical Unit contributed to this report .
Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Where next ?
Chimpanzees remember the exact location of all their favourite fruit trees .
Their spatial memory is so precise that they can find a single tree among more than 12,000 others within a patch of forest , primatologists have found .
More than that , the chimps also recall how productive each tree is , and decide to travel farther to eat from those they know will yield the most fruit .
Acquiring such an ability might have helped drive the evolution of sophisticated primate brains .
Emmanuelle Normand and Christophe Boesch of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany teamed up with Simone Ban of the University of Cocody in Abidjan , Ivory Coast , to investigate the spatial memory of chimpanzees in the wild .
" We were amazed by the apparent easiness by which chimpanzees discover highly productive fruit trees .
Or how after being separated from other group members for hours or days , they could join each other silently at a large fruit tree , like if they would have had an appointment at this place , " says Normand .
We think it 's fair to assume that chimpanzees can remember the exact location of probably thousands of trees
Primatologist Emmanuelle Normand
To find out how they do it , Normand 's team first mapped the location of 12,499 individual trees growing within the home range of a group of chimpanzees living in the Tai National Park in Ivory Coast .
They identified each tree and used GPS to map its precise position .
The team also identified 17 species of fruit tree that the chimps regularly fed from , and worked out how often each individual tree belonging to these 17 species would be in fruit each month .
From that , the researchers could determine how likely it would be that a chimp randomly walking around the forest might bump into a fruit tree that it could feed from .
The team found that the chimps did n't visit the most abundant fruit species most frequently , as would be expected if they were navigating without using spatial memory .
They also excluded the possibility that the chimpanzees navigated toward the trees by smell .
It 's off to eat we go Instead , they targeted certain trees and walked directly to them .
For example , the apes visited one fruit tree , Pouteria aningueri , more than any other , despite it being one of the rarest trees in their home range , the team report in Animal Cognition .
The chimps also travelled much shorter distances to each fruit tree than would be expected by chance , confirming that they travel directly to the trees .
" We think it is fair to assume that chimpanzees can remember the exact location of probably thousands of trees , " says Normand .
Of two females closely tracked , one ate from 391 separate trees , averaging 14 trees per day , while the other ate from 506 trees , averaging 18 trees per day .
On average , each chimp revisited each tree once every five - and - a - half days .
Remarkably , as well as remembering the location of their favourite trees , the chimps also recalled when each tree would be in season , producing the most fruit .
They would then often walk further to reach these more bountiful trees rather than make a shorter journey to a less productive one .
" Across all seasons , it seems that they have preferred tree species , " says Normand .
A male chimp has to make do with eating leaves not fruit " Like when it is the coula nuts season , chimpanzees crack nuts using tools for hours during a day .
Or when it is the Sacoglottis fruits season , then the chimpanzees stay hours digging their fruit wadge in the water to press a maximum of juice from those fruits . "
Intriguingly , female chimpanzees travelled shorter distances to eat than males .
The researchers do n't know why , but speculate that it is either because females better remember the locations of trees , or because males simply compete with one another by ranging more widely through their territory .
In one respect , it is not surprising that chimpanzees have developed an outstanding ability to navigate their home range , says Normand .
One idea , known as the " ecological hypothesis " proposes that the need to remember and find food resources , such as fruit trees , could have driven the evolution of primate brains .
In particular , it says that a preference for fruit eating , or frugivory , would select for intelligence compared to leaf - eating , or foliovory .
" That 's because the distribution of fruits is more scattered , less predictable and fruits can be more difficult to manipulate than leaves , the nut cracking by Ta chimpanzees being an extreme example , " says Normand .
Compared to monkeys , chimpanzees live in larger territories and are highly frugivorous , suggesting that developing an outstanding ability to navigate to fruit trees could have a key driver in the evolution of ape intelligence .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Google Street View sees the Almighty , fights crime , and even does self - portraits .
It 's a busy , relentless lifestyle .
I guess what I 'm getting at is ... dude gets hungry once in a while , and you 're coming along for the ride .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Wait .
What happened to West Pacheco ?
Why does it say I 'm still on it ?!
And how did Google Street View know I loved the Colonel 's delicious fried chicken ?!
And now the Street View driver is helping me park , all while continuing to screw with my directions by saying I 'm still cruising peacefully down West Pacheco .
Advertisement
Well , we 're parked and ready for some finger lickin ' goodness ( and still " on " Pachero ) .
Let 's just hope no one actually uses Street View for , you know , legitimate directions — it's no wonder that people are " directed " of a cliff every now and again .
[ Google Street View - Thanks , Eric ]
Scientists at the Gladstone Institutes of Cardiovascular Disease ( GICD ) have found that a key enzyme involved in absorbing fat may also be a key to reducing it .
The enzyme , acyl CoA : monoacylglycerol acyltransferase 2 or Mgat2 is found in the intestines and plays an important part in the uptake of dietary fat by catalyzing a critical step in making triglyceride , a kind of fat .
Triglyceride accounts for nearly one - third of the fat eaten by people in developed countries .
Researchers in the laboratory of Robert V. Farese , Jr. MD , found that mice that were genetically modified to lack Mgat2 remain normal on a low - fat diet .
However , when fed a high - fat diet that is similar to that eaten by many Americans , the mice do not get fat and do not develop other symptoms of obesity , such as glucose intolerance , hypercholesterolemia , and fatty livers .
The mice eat the same number of calories as other mice , and the calories are fully absorbed .
" Because mice that lack this enzyme do not gain weight on a high - fat diet , it is an intriguing target for future interventions to prevent weight gain and the problems associated with that extra weight , " said Dr. Farese .
The mechanism of action , the researchers identified was that the lack of Mgat2 may reduce the uptake of fat in the small intestine and delay its entry into the blood .
This process may dissociate fat from carbohydrate absorption and insulin secretion and ultimately lower the amount of fat stored and used .
How this happens is not clear .
One possibility is that the absorbed fat is partitioned more to tissues where it is burned up .
" Differences in Mgat2 expression may contribute to the propensity of some people to gain weight from diets rich in fat , " said Eric Yen , PhD , lead author of the study .
" Our findings suggest that inhibiting this enzyme in the small intestine might be an effective way to treating metabolic diseases that result from excessive fat intake . "
Results of their study were published in the current issue of the journal Nature Medicine .
Six in 10 companies in a survey plan to skip the purchase of Microsoft Corp 's Windows 7 computer operating system , many of them to pinch pennies and others over concern about compatibility with their existing applications .
Windows 7 will be released October 22 , but has already garnered good reviews , in contrast to its disappointing current version , Windows Vista .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Many of the more than 1,000 companies that responded to a survey by ScriptLogic Corp say they have economized by cutting back on software updates and lack the resources to deploy Microsoft 's latest offering .
ScriptLogic Corp , which provides help to companies in managing their Microsoft Windows - based networks , sent out 20,000 surveys to information technology administrators to learn the state of the market .
Many companies have rejected Windows Vista as unstable .
For example , the chip maker Intel Corp , Microsoft 's long - time partner in producing personal computers , has stayed with the older XP system .
The survey found about 60 percent of those surveyed have no plans to deploy Windows 7 , 34 percent will deploy it by the end of 2010 and only 5.4 percent will deploy by year 's end .
Forty - two percent said their biggest reason for avoiding Windows 7 was a " lack of time and resources . "
That dovetailed with another part of the survey , which found that 35 percent had already skipped upgrades or delayed purchases to save money .
But there were reasons other than money for staying away from Windows 7 .
Another 39 percent of those surveyed said they had concern about the compatibility of Windows 7 with existing applications .
The survey quoted Sean Angus , a senior personal computer technician at Middlesex Hospital , as saying he would wait until the first " service pack " was released for Windows 7 .
" The IT department must complete thorough testing to ensure that the applications we rely on each day , specifically radiology information systems and financial applications , will be compatible , before deploying any new platforms or software to our 1,500 desktops , " he added .
Coordinated bomb attacks have hit two luxury hotels in the Indonesian capital Jakarta , killing at least nine people , including foreigners , and injuring dozens more .
The first explosion is reported to have happened at the JW Marriott hotel in central Jakarta just a few blocks away from the Australian embassy at about 8.00 am this morning ( local time ) .
A terrorist attack at the same Marriott Hotel in 2003 killed 12 people and left 150 injured .
Later there was another explosion on the first floor of the Ritz Carlton hotel , directly opposite , with windows being blown out of the hotel 's restaurant .
" There were explosions heard from two separate places , one the JW Marriott , the other in the Ritz Carlton .
We are still trying to check because right now we are still helping the victims , " South Jakarta Police Chief Firman Santyabudi told Indonesian Metro TV .
Police and health ministry officials confirmed the death toll and also confirmed that the explosions were caused by " high explosive bombs " .
The health ministry said 48 people had been seriously injured .
National police spokesman Nanan Soekarna said 14 foreigners were injured but a list of the wounded at a nearby hospital included the names of 18 foreigners .
Reuters is reporting New Zealand man Tim Mackay is one of the foreigners that has been killed in the attacks .
A DFAT spokewoman says the embassy in Jakarta is urgently trying to confirm reports that at least two Australians have been injured and is seeking to establish whether any others have been hurt .
Just over 1,000 Australians are registered with DFAT as being in Jakarta .
The spokeswoman says the Government unreservedly condemns the attacks which appear to be premeditated and coordinated .
A caller to Fairfax Radio in Melbourne said his son , an Australian , was among the injured .
" He was in the building and all of a sudden there was a massive explosion and he was bleeding from the left leg , " the caller said .
" From what I can gather the injury 's not serious .
He 's lost his hearing in one ear but he thinks he will recover from that and he's on his way to hospital , " he said .
ABC Indonesia correspondent Geoff Thompson says Australian embassy staff live at both hotels .
" There are Australian embassy officials staying in those buildings but preliminary checks suggest that no embassy staff have been hurt or otherwise , " he said .
" I heard two sounds like ' boom , boom ' coming from the Marriott and the Ritz - Carlton .
Then I saw people running out , " security guard Eko Susanto told AFP .
Police have sealed off the area near the Ritz - Carlton and the JW Marriott , an AFP correspondent said .
Witness Intan told TV
One one of the explosions wrecked the lobby of the Plaza Mutiara building .
" I was having breakfast on level 16 , I heard an explosion and went down to the first floor and it was a mess .
I saw foreigners all bloody , about three to five of them , badly wounded , " she said .
" I saw some people being carried into a Mercedes .
There was a lot of them in there , they were having trouble closing the doors , " a witness , who gave her name as Mery , told ElShinta .
Former Melbourne resident Sarah Writer lives near the Ritz Hotel in Jakarta .
" Jakarta 's really just waking up to this news , it 's very , very new , " she told the ABC .
" We 're still trying to understand exactly what 's happened .
" The local news is reporting the area is shut down , and for obvious reasons , the nearby buildings full of major corporate people are all evacuating and relocating .
" There are reports of fatalities , but this early on you do n't know what 's true and what 's not , what 's exaggerated and what 's not , but it would surprise me if there are n't fatalities going on the local news coverage . "
DFAT says officials in Jakarta are urgently trying to identify if any Australians have been injured in the explosions .
It says anyone with concern for family and friends in the area should first try to contact them directly before calling the Department 's consular emergency centre .
The number is 1300 555 135 .
The explosions come two weeks after presidential elections in Indonesia .
Australia - Indonesia Business Council vice - president Ross Taylor says the hotels are popular with Western business people but there could be a number of reasons behind the attacks .
" Just recently some members of Jemaah Islamiah were released from jail , " he said .
" There may not be any connection with that at all .
And of course today was the confirmation that President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono was formally re-elected as president .
Now whether there are some links there we just do n't know . "
- ABC / Reuters / AFP
As humanity ’s understanding of the universe evolves , our religious beliefs change along with it , and the result is that every new religion bears the stamp of the time and place in which it first arose .
Mormonism is an example – Joseph Smith used “ seer stones ” to translate the Book of Mormon , and claimed that the Native Americans were descendants of ancient Hebrew tribes , at a time in American history when both those ideas were in vogue .
Today ’s post concerns a more recent , yet equally strange sect that even more obviously exemplifies this characteristic .
Claude Vorilhon was a French race - car driver and former pop star .
But in December 1973 , according to his publication The Book That Tells the Truth , he witnessed a flying saucer landing in the Auvergne region of France .
An extraterrestrial being emerged from the craft and spoke to Vorilhon .
This being gave its name as Yahweh , and identified itself as a member of a race called the Elohim .
If you ’re interested , here ’s what it looked like :
The extra -terrestrial human being was a little over four feet tall , had long dark hair , almond shaped eyes , olive skin , and exuded harmony and humor .
“ Yahweh ” claimed that the Elohim had created all life on Earth through genetic engineering , and that this event was misremembered by cultures throughout the world whose sacred texts speak of creator - gods that came from the sky .
The Elohim , it explained , had been watching humanity and guiding our progress through specially - chosen prophets whom they educated , including Buddha , Moses , Mohammed , and Jesus ( who was a human - Elohim hybrid , and whose miracles were accomplished through alien technology ) .
Now that humanity has reached a high enough level of scientific development to understand this , the Elohim intend to reveal their existence , and they ’ve chosen Vorilhon ( who later renamed himself Rael ) as their messenger .
Raelism was an early hit , most likely due to people who were already UFO devotees .
Rael ’s first public conference , by his own account , attracted about 2,000 people .
Today the religion claims 70,000 members in 97 countries , including notable followings in South Korea and Japan .
The Raelian religion is most noted for its enthusiasm for genetic engineering and human cloning , the better to follow in the footsteps of our alien creators .
A Raelian front group , Clonaid , made a sensation with their claim in 2002 to have successfully cloned a human being .
No evidence for this was ever presented , and the claim is widely considered to be a publicity hoax .
According to Rael ’s book Intelligent Design : Message from the Designers , the Elohim have also proven scientifically that our universe is just one atom of an infinitely larger cosmos , and that each atom in our universe contains a smaller universe in turn , and so on ad infinitum .
Interestingly , Raelism officially describes itself as an atheist religion , in the sense that it does not demand belief in supernatural beings .
That said , in every other respect , it exactly resembles traditional religion , right down to miracles ( done with advanced alien technology – for instance , Raelians believe that a “ repulsion beam ” parted the sea so that the Israelites could cross it ) , prayer ( which is explained to put one in telepathic communication with the Elohim ) , and life after death ( Rael claims the Elohim can recreate an entire person , including personality and memory , from a single cell of their body , and that they have already done so for several thousand people who were taken to their home planet – they also plan to recreate the wicked , so that they can be punished as they deserve ) .
And just like all other religions , Raelism ’s gods are systematically immune to disproof : they refuse to reveal themselves to humanity until we obey Rael ’s wishes to build an “ embassy ” for them .
The Raelians are also enthusiastic about intelligent design , for obvious reasons , and denounce evolution as “ a myth ” .
Rael himself repeats many standard creationist cants , like this one :
The evolutionists are also false prophets , false informers , people who lead the majority of the population away from the truth about our creators , the Elohim .
This population , which easily swallows and dumbly believes in everything said by these narrow - minded high priests in white coats … is purposely kept ignorant and so inevitably believes that which officialdom says is true .
Can you begin to imagine what the Elohim feel when they see that humans attribute their masterpiece to random chance ?
As I ’ve noted before , alien - abduction enthusiasts often sound just like medieval believers in succubi and incubi , the only difference being that they ’ve dressed up their claims in pseudoscientific terminology .
But Raelism , like its ideological cousin Scientology , goes one step further by turning belief in aliens into a bona fide religion .
When more religions are founded in the future , as they inevitably will be , I expect more than one will follow Rael ’s lead and package their delusions in language reminiscient of the fashionable science of the day .
Other posts in this series :
The UK Qualifications and Curriculum Authority is considering introducing a new A ’level course ( in Britain , A ’level is the exam that is taken at the end of high school ) called “ Use of Mathematics ” .
As one might expect , this idea has not met with universal approval , and there is now a campaign to stop the idea in its tracks .
( I should warn you that the preceding link is to a Word file rather than to a web page . )
The General Secretary of the National Association of Headteachers has this to say to the campaigners :
They should get down from their ivory towers .
They should be out in the world where young people live and exist and they should be appreciative that young people have great skills in the use of technology and we have to latch on to that .
We cannot continue teaching an out dated 19th century curriculum .
This is simply turning many children off education because it is completely not relevant to them at all .
Some sample papers for the new course have been made available , so let ’s have a look at the up - to - date 21st - century curriculum that will enthuse a new generation of British schoolchildren .
I ’ll concentrate on one or two questions but if you want to see more , then the sample papers can be found at the bottom of this page .
( Update : unfortunately , these sample papers have been taken down .
I ca n’t help wondering why .
Further update : at least some sample papers are now available at the bottom of this page . )
Before I discuss any of the actual questions , let ’s imagine that we are sitting in a committee trying to devise a use - of - maths syllabus .
What could be on it ?
Perhaps the most obvious place where mathematics is used is science , but that kind of use of mathematics is covered in mechanics questions and also in physics .
Another place is statistics , but that too is on the existing mathematics syllabus .
To help us , let us remember that we are looking for something that is relevant to schoolchildren .
One might think that statistics was pretty relevant , but we had better suppress that thought and look for something else .
Here is an idea .
Many children will one day find themselves taking out a mortgage .
Perhaps we could devise a question that will help them think about how mortgages work .
I ’m not saying in advance that this will turn out to be a good idea , but let us at least try .
For later reference , I want to discuss an obvious problem about repayment mortgages and to do so in some detail .
Suppose for simplicity that the interest rate for an interest - only mortgage would be 5 % and that this rate never changes .
If I take out a repayment mortgage of £ 50,000 and pay £ 500 a month , then roughly how long will it take me to pay off the mortgage ?
Let me answer that in a way that comes naturally to me , and , I ’m guessing , to most mathematicians .
To start with , I would replace a discrete problem ( payments once a month ) by a continuous one ( money leaking out of my bank account at a constant rate ) .
Next , I would forget the numerical values , which obscure what is going on ( for instance , they make it harder to keep track of units ) and rephrase the problem like this : at time I take out a loan of , and thereafter the amount I owe , changes in two ways .
On the one hand there is a constant - rate decrease of ( because of my repayments ) but superimposed on this is an increase ( the interest I have to pay ) that is proportional to the current amount I owe , which we can denote by .
In other words , satisfies the differential equation .
We can solve this by turning it upside down and getting , which we can solve easily since all we have to do is integrate with respect to .
From this we get .
Rearranging , we find that , so that .
When this is supposed to give us .
From that it follows that , so .
Therefore , the amount of time it will take until is the value of such that , or , or .
From this expression we can see that I will never pay off the mortgage unless , though in fact it is more sensible to deduce that from the differential equation : if then will not decrease .
( This is telling us the rate at which repayments must be made in order to keep up with interest payments . )
Also , if we know a little about the shape of the exponential function , we can see that if is negative , then will decrease rather slowly at first and much more quickly later on .
This is a well - known phenomenon with repayment mortgages : initially most of the repayments are interest repayments ( because the amount owing is large so the interest is large ) but later on they are mostly capital repayments ( because now the amount owing is small so the interest is small ) .
Of course , there is one final stage , which is to plug in some numbers .
I wo n’t do it completely here , but I will point out that at least some thought is required if we want to work out what value of corresponds to an interest rate of 5 % and what value of corresponds to a monthly repayment of £ 500 .
If we measure in years , then we need to choose such that and we should take to be 6000 .
We are given that , and a reasonable approximation for is 0.05 ( since for small ) , so the time taken will be around , where .
So which is slightly under 2 , so we get a bit less than , and could get a better estimate with the help of a calculator ( which is not just allowed but actually required in the use - of - maths exam ) .
Now what skills did I need in order to do that calculation ?
( Apologies if I ’ve made a mistake in it — I have not checked it carefully . )
There were basically two .
The first was to transform the original real - world problem into a purely mathematical one .
The second was to solve the mathematics problem , which involved solving a fairly simple differential equation and then doing some routine algebraic manipulations .
I would guess that an average A ’level student would find the first task quite hard , because it involves a bit of thought : it seems that most of the A ’level syllabus nowadays consists of learning to do certain algorithmic tasks such as differentiating compositions of basic functions , and not much is devoted to solving problems or to solving the kind of modelling problem that constituted the first stage of the above calculation .
But perhaps this is where the use - of - maths A ’level would come into its own .
One could do a bit less of the pure stuff , but by way of compensation one would learn how to take a real - world problem , transform it into mathematics , and solve the mathematics .
I ’m not sure I like that idea , but it could perhaps be justified , so let us now have a look at some questions in the sample papers .
Candidates are to be given something called a “ data sheet ” , which you might think consisted of tables of data that you then had to use your modelling skills to analyse and comment on mathematically .
But actually the name “ data sheet ” is rather misleading : it ’s more like a couple of pages with a few mathematical concepts explained .
I think the idea is that the data sheet explains the mathematical principles and then your job as candidate is to use the principles .
For the question I want to talk about , which is number 2 on this paper , the data sheet is called “ Waves as models ” .
I ’ll let you read that if you want , but here ’s the question .
2 . The article states that , for the case of the simple pendulum , the angle , , that the string makes with the vertical , seconds after release , can be modelled by a function such as .
( a ) What does this model suggest for the angle that the string makes with the vertical when it is first released ?
( b )
For this model , show that .
Ah , so my guess was wrong .
You are n’t asked to model anything .
Instead , you are given the model !
( The equivalent for my mortgage question would be to be told what the formula was for the amount owing at time and to be asked to draw various conclusions from the formula . )
So what exactly are the skills you need to solve the above question ?
Again , there are two .
The first is the ability to solve what in the US are called word problems : this means that instead of being asked to solve something like you are given an equivalent wordy problem such as “ I have some apples in a bag , put two more in , count them , and find that I have five ; how many did I have originally ? ”
When you get used to these , they are rather easy : you just cut out all those stupid words and leave the maths .
( However , interestingly , they were found very difficult when I taught them in the US .
I was a PhD student at the time and the course was College Algebra 1021 at Lousiana State University , taken by people who would typically not go on to major in mathematics . )
What do we have to do for part ( a ) above ?
Well , the underlying maths problem is very simple indeed : what is when ?
To get to that problem , we had to interpret “ when it is first released ” as “ at ” and we had to interpret “ the angle that the string makes with the vertical ” as .
The second of these tasks is trivial , since the question has just said that that is what is , and the first is , well , not very challenging .
On to the second part .
It ’s telling us to differentiate twice , but it just about qualifies as a word problem because it starts “ For this model ” .
Luckily , we can turn this “ word problem ” into maths by simply ignoring the words “ For this model ” .
The setter of this question seems to have a touching belief that if the word “ model ” is splashed around a bit , then candidates are learning how to use mathematics .
But they are doing nothing of the kind .
They are learning how to solve word problems , and very easy ones at that .
( For extreme examples of questions where the word model is used a lot , but plays absolutely no role in the questions , see the Calculus sample paper . )
And the irony of it is that you learn how to do word problems in a conventional A ’level syllabus , and you learn more mathematics in the process .
Even worse , the problems in the use - of - maths sample papers are n’t real word problems : in a word problem you normally have to say something like , “ Let ’s represent this quantity by $ x $ . ”
Even that step seems to be regarded as too challenging on these papers .
There are in fact some questions about interest rates and the like on another paper , but the “ data sheet ” gives you formulae for everything , so that all you are required to do is take the values given to you in the question and plug them into the formula .
( The data sheet , by the way , is made available before the exam . )
Let ’s just think for a moment about whether this is likely to be a valuable life skill .
Suppose , for instance , that you have a choice of two long - term savings accounts .
One of them has a higher interest rate , but the other one has a bonus if you keep your money in for five years .
Luckily you took use - of - maths A ’level a few years ago , so you should be in a good position to decide which one to go for .
Ah , but you ’ve lost your data sheet , and in any case the data sheet did n’t tell you a formula for the amount you end up with when there is a bonus involved .
What can you do ?
There is n’t an obvious internet search : the problem is that you have to think a bit , and unfortunately what you ’ve been trained to do is plug numbers into formulae that are just given to you .
There are so many ironies to this .
Those who propose the use - of - maths A ’level will no doubt say that it is not a dumbing down of mathematics A ’level ( with its out - of - date nineteenth - century syllabus ) but rather an equally rigorous exam that tests different skills .
They will also say that the syllabus is more interesting and relevant .
But it is blindingly obvious from the sample papers that it is not testing different skills ( except perhaps the skill of understanding what the data sheets , which unfortunately do n’t seem to be available in real life , are on about ) , and is deeply boring , and not even all that relevant to the people who are actually taking the exam , who should be enjoying their last few years of not having to think about mortgages , income tax returns and the like .
( Does anyone seriously think that teenagers will be filled with enthusiasm by personal finance , when for adults , who are directly affected by it , it is an awful chore ? )
A conventional A ’level student will do plenty of word problems and more mathematics , and will also solve modelling problems when they do statistics and mechanics .
Who will end up better at solving mathematical problems that arise in the real world ?
You do the math .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Supplies of vital medicines , including those used in the fight against cancer , are running short because UK pharmacies and drug wholesalers are selling them abroad to maximise profits .
The situation is becoming so critical that last night major pharmaceutical companies and leading charities called for the government to introduce new regulations to ensure supplies will be guaranteed in the future .
The shortage has been caused by the falling value of sterling which has meant that UK pharmacies and drug wholesalers can earn greater returns by selling medicines to the continent .
An agreement between the pharmaceutical companies and the government earlier this year to cut the price of drugs sold to the NHS by 3.9 per cent has also made medicines intended for distribution in the UK more attractive to foreign buyers .
As a result , exports of expensive branded prescription drugs from the UK are soaring , resulting in shortages in the supply chain .
Last night leading cancer charities expressed alarm at the situation .
" Cancer Research UK urges the Department of Health to ensure that no patient experiences any delay in getting prescription drugs , " said Hilary Jackson , the organisation 's policy manager .
" We are concerned to hear of cases where patients have been delayed access to prescribed medication or have to find an alternative supplier .
This causes extra distress at an already difficult time . "
As a growing number of patients report problems sourcing their prescription drugs , the pharmaceutical industry has confirmed it is holding urgent talks with the government to guarantee supplies of vital medicines .
The trade in drugs across the EU is permitted under the laws of the common market , although there are rules governing how much each pharmacy can sell .
But as the UK supply chain connects some 12,500 pharmacies , 400 hospitals and 4,000 dispensing doctors ' surgeries - in addition to some 1,800 wholesalers who hold export licences - regulating and monitoring the sale of drugs abroad is problematic .
The result is that patients may face a postcode lottery when it comes to sourcing their drugs .
" There are pockets of shortages in the UK , " confirmed David Fisher , commercial director at the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry .
" The situation has been created largely because medicines in the UK are cheap compared with other parts of Europe . "
A spokeswoman for the Swiss pharmaceutical giant Novartis said it was aware there were problems with a shortage of Femera , used specifically for post - menopausal women with breast cancer , in some parts of the country .
" Novartis is committed to ensuring a reliable supply of its medicines for the UK , " she said .
" To ensure that patients will always be able to receive essential medicines , such as Femara , we have in place an emergency supply procedure .
Pharmacists can contact Novartis customer care who will work to supply medicines in situations such as this . "
A Department of Health spokeswoman said : " The department is aware of concerns about the supply of medicines .
We are monitoring the situation closely and are in regular contact with pharmacists , pharmaceutical companies and wholesalers . "
Last month the Pharmaceutical Services Negotiating Committee , which represents pharmacies in England and Wales , called for regulatory action to guarantee supplies .
The committee claims pharmacies are now spending around an hour every day sourcing medicines for their patients .
July 8 , 2009  --
In a surprise move , a Texas judge has ruled to suppress shocking cell phone video showing former Texas State School employees forcing mentally disabled residents at the Corpus Christi State school to fight one another while the employees used their cell phones to videotape the " fight clubs . "
Judge Sandra
Watts told prosecutors that she would not allow the videos to be used against one of the defendants in the case – Timothy Dixons , 30 - on the grounds that the phone containing the video was stolen property .
She said the State had not proven Dixon intentionally abandoned the phone .
However , she has not ruled out using the videos in cases against the other defendants .
" This is not a popular decision and I understand that , " said Watts .
" I do n't have any choice in this case . "
The State argued that the phone had been found in a public place , which constituted abandonment , rather it being in a private place where it would have been left .
Watts rejected their argument .
" This was a big setback in our case against Mr. Dixon , " admitted Catherine Chopin , Assistant District Attorney .
" We feel he was the most culpable of the defendants . "
However , she went on to say , " We are still going to prosecute Mr. Dixon and do all we can with what we have . "
Prosecutors have appealed the judge 's decision to suppress the video in Dixon 's case .
It is now up to the Texas Court of Appeals to make a determination on Watts ' ruling .
The decision could take months , thus delaying Dixon 's trial .
" We feel confident that in the long run , the Court of Appeals will find for us , " said Chopin .
While relatives of the victims were excited about the start of the trials , others expressed disappointment at the judge 's decision .
" It 's crazy , " said an outraged Michelle Crayton , whose brother George Brazil was a Corpus Christi state school resident who was made to fight .
" I 'm dumbfounded , upset and do n't think it 's right because he [ Dixon ] was shown to be the main person involved . "
Crayton insists the videos should be permitted .
Fighting Sessions Among Mentally Disabled Residents
Dixon and five others have been charged with multiple counts of causing injury to a disabled person for their participation in the fighting sessions that took place amongst mentally disabled residents for the fun and pleasure of workers .
One of the defendants – D'Angelo Riley , 23 – pled guilty to the third degree felony and will be sentenced by the Judge on Thursday .
Three additional former employees - Jesse Salazar , 25 , Guadalupe DeLarosa , 22 , and Vincent Johnson , 22 , are scheduled to go on trial later this summer .
Proceedings for another defendant - Stephanie Garza , 21 - took place in a separate courtroom with Judge Richard Longoria presiding .
Garza is being charged with the lesser crime of failing to intervene .
She and her lawyer requested immunity and that the case be dismissed .
Judge Longoria denied Garza 's requests , calling the case " one of the most egregious crimes ever exposed in South Texas . "
The State along with Garza 's attorney have appealed Longoria 's ruling to the Court of Appeals and expects a response within the next week .
Prosecutors are hoping to use Garza as a witness against all other existing and potential defendants .
" I do n't know how this is going to go , " said Ken Botary , attorney for Garza .
Despite the decision of Longoria 's court , Judge Watt 's did grant Garza immunity in the cases involving Dixon and Riley .
Garza is expected to testify against her former co-workers in upcoming trials .
Early on in their investigation , prosecutors identified Dixon as the ring leader who orchestrated the brawls between the residents and recorded the fights on his cell phone .
Police said he can be heard on the video directing and calling the fights as if he were a ring announcer .
The videos are key pieces of evidence in the State 's case .
The nearly 20 videos were made using cell phones over a one year period beginning in 2007 , by former employees of the Corpus Christi State School .
As previously reported by ABC News , the videos were discovered in March of this year when one of the school employees lost his cell phone and it was turned over to police .
The disturbing videos were found when police tried to identify the owner of the phone .
Number of Abuse and Neglect Cases
" It 's great to see that they 're actually going to prosecute the individuals on the ground who were involved in this incident , " said Beth Mitchell , Senior Managing Attorney of Advocacy Inc. , an organization that works to protect the rights of Texans with disabilities .
" Hopefully this will send a strong message to other staff that if they abuse or mistreat residents , that they will be held accountable . "
The Texas Department of Aging and Disability Services ( DADS ) is responsible for overseeing the Corpus Christi State School along with 13 other state run schools .
The agency has come under attack in recent years over the number of abuse and neglect cases that have been reported among the nearly 5,000 residents that call the schools home .
The Corpus Christi State school case raised ever greater concerns about hiring and training practices of the agency .
" It 's in the hands of the judicial system , " said Laura Albrecht , a spokesperson for the Texas Department of Aging and Disability Services ( DADS ) about this week 's trial .
" We have taken the appropriate action to send a message to Corpus Christi and the other facilities that abuse and neglect of residents will not be tolerated . "
Albrecht said the agency and executive have been making unannounced visits at the Corpus Christi school and that cameras will be installed .
Last month , DADS released a report that revealed nearly 270 employees across the states ' residential facilities were fired or suspended last year for abusing or mistreating residents .
Days prior , Governor Rick Perry signed emergency legislation that would invest $ 48 million over two years to improving oversight and safety at state schools and facilities servicing Texans with mental disabilities .
The move by the Governor came after the state reached an agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice in late May to spend $ 112 million over the next five years to improve state schools .
The financial commitment by the state came after a 2008 DOJ report noted widespread mistreatment of mentally disabled residents in the Texas State school system .
While this week 's trial seeks to hold those former employees involved in the Corpus Christi state school accountable for their actions , many believe others should also be held accountable .
" The trial does n't necessarily target anybody in management to ensure they overseas and supervises staff to make sure abuse and mistreatment does n't occur " said Mitchell .
" Management needs to be held responsible as well . "
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Kevin Moloney for The New York Times
A coalition of environmental groups is suing federal agencies in an effort to change the location of corridors to transmit energy across Western lands .
The environmental groups — including the Sierra Club , the Natural Resources Defense Council and the Wilderness Society , as well as several Western environmental groups — say that the corridors , which were designated in January by the Bush administration , are convenient for moving electricity generated by coal plants and other fossil fuels , but do little to facilitate the production of renewable energy on public lands .
“ These are a product of a fossil fuel past , ” said Carl Zichella , the director of Western renewables projects for the Sierra Club , in an interview .
The complaint was filed on Tuesday in a federal district court in San Francisco .
It names as defendants several federal agencies , including the Department of the Interior , as well as its subsidiary , the Bureau of Land Management ; the Department of Energy ; and the Department of Agriculture and its subsidiary , the Forest Service .
Those agencies , the suit charged ,
created a sprawling , hop - scotch network of 6,000 miles of rights - of - way known as the ‘ West - Wide Energy Corridors , ’ without considering the environmental impacts of that designation , without analyzing any alternatives to their preferred pathways , without considering numerous federal policies that support renewable energy development , without ensuring the corridors ’ consistency with federal and local land use plans , and without consulting other federal agencies or western states and local governments .
Mr. Zichella acknowledged that the Obama administration has been far friendlier toward the environmental groups ’ priorities than the Bush administration .
Ken Salazar , the secretary of the interior , is pushing aggressively to develop solar power on public lands .
The lawsuit , Mr. Zichella said , was to “ help prioritize one thing to help them meet that goal . ”
The environmental groups say that the corridors designated by the Bush administration go through a number of Western treasures , like the Grand Staircase - Escalante National Monument in Utah , the Whiskeytown - Shasta - Trinity National Recreation Area in California and the Sevilleta National Wildlife Refuge in New Mexico .
Mr. Zichella said that the Sierra Club was not against transmission as a general rule , but wanted to ensure that the lines served renewable energy , more than fossil fuels .
Also , “ We want to build them in the right places to do the least environmental harm , ” he said .
Why do the media fawn over the likes of Karl Rove ?
He 's the heir to Lee Atwater , and his scumbag tactics are legendary .
Remember the Willie Horton ad ?
Atwater 's single most notorious bit of work came during the 1988 campaign , in the form of the Willie Horton ad used against Dukakis .
The ad attacked a prison furlough program that Dukakis had supported while governor of Massachusetts .
Horton , a convicted killer who is black , escaped while in the program and raped a woman .
The ad said Dukakis was soft on crime , and made prominent use of Horton 's glowering mug shot .
Atwater said he was going to make Horton Dukakis 's " running mate . "
The ad pretty much became the touchstone for demonizing black men in political campaigning .
In archival footage , we see Atwater denying that he or the Bush campaign had anything to do with the ad , insisting he'd never even seen it .
Then Forbes cuts to one of Atwater 's friends describing how , before the ad was ever aired , Atwater called him into his office , showed him the ad , said he was going to set it up as the work of an independent committee ( and thus , with no fingerprints ) and asked what he thought .
The friend says that he told Atwater it was appalling , racist and that it was going to " follow you to your grave . " --
What is clear , from watching this talented man and his view of politics and America , is that his corrosive vision has seeped into the nation 's political groundwater .
That 's the man Rove learned from , and he is his prize pupil .
With Rove 's help , Atwater turned politics into a smear contest .
Eventually , they all helped lead this country down the drain with their boy Bush .
Still , Karl Rove is treated with reverence , and it 's sickening .
On Bill O'Reilly 's show earlier this week , he was saying that Cheney and the CIA should never inform Congress of what thy are doing because it wo n't remain a secret so , hey , screw them and the law .
Think Progress has more :
Rove then appeared to make the argument that executive branch should not inform Congress of what it is doing : ROVE : Look , it ’s interesting .
The CIA briefed Congress to this , I guess , in June .
And the Congress immediately leaks it .
That , itself is , a violation , I think , of several statutes and indicative of why it is so dangerous to give Congress information .
To clarify , Congress did not “ leak ” details of the secret program .
The Wall Street Journal cited “ former intelligence officials familiar with the matter ” in its report .
But Rove ’s comment seems to confirm the Bush administration ’s motives for routinely attempting to hide information from Congress .
Rove lies about what happened when the facts are clear as a bell .
And he conveniently forgets that the Bush administration leaked the name of a CIA operative named Valerie Plame just to smear her husband Joe Wilson because he told the truth about their lies .
Here 's a newsflash to this pompous ass :
The CIA is required by law to inform Congress on what they are doing .
Period .
There are no exceptions .
Glenn Greenwald finds a typical MSM story regarding Dick Cheney 's lawbreaking .
Are any of you surprised ?
Oregon Spotted Frog
Kneeling on the edge of a tank the size of a child ’s wading pool , Harry Greer thrust his arm into the cool water and scooped up three frogs .
Greer smiled like a proud parent as the tiny green and black spotted frogs squirmed in his hand .
He bragged about how he had raised the endangered amphibians from eggs to tadpoles to juvenile frogs only steps from his prison cell .
Since spring , Greer and fellow inmate Albert Delp have spent the bulk of their days inside a small fenced - off area at the Cedar Creek Corrections Center fussing over — and fattening — several dozen frogs .
The two men are part of a project to bolster the dwindling population of the Oregon spotted frog , an animal once widespread in the Puget Sound area .
The effort focuses on raising the frogs until they get big enough to no longer be a snack for natural predators .
“ They would like to re-establish them back at Fort Lewis and I ’m part of the project , ” said Greer , who is serving time for robbery .
With guidance from a senior researcher from the state Department of Fish and Wildlife and staff from nearby Evergreen State College , the two men started with 80 Oregon spotted frog eggs in early April .
As the eggs grew into tadpoles then into frogs , the two men have been responsible for the frequent feedings and tank - water changes .
The whole time they have taken detailed notes for state researchers .
Greer , 45 , and Delp , 47 , admit that they had never heard of the Oregon spotted frog — or even recall taking biology in school — but the results of their 85 - cent - per - hour job has stunned researchers .
Since the project started , only eight of their frogs have died — a figure significantly lower than at Woodland Park Zoo , the Oregon Zoo and Northwest Trek , which are also part of the project to rear the Oregon spotted frog in captivity .
Marc P. Hayes , the Department of Fish and Wildlife senior research scientist leading the effort , said that he had doubted the success of the project behind bars .
But his concerns vanished after he saw how much time Greer and Delp could devote to the project .
“ They have the time to address care on a level that is not possible with those other institutions , ” Hayes said .
“ They baby those things literally night and day .
They can look at them every two hours and feed them at a higher rate .
They have the time to give them a much closer level of care . ”
For Greer and Delp , who is serving time for felony drunken driving , their success has led them to view the other research sites competitively .
They do n’t hesitate giving their frogs an extra cricket or two , with the hope of beefing up the tiny frogs .
Hayes said the frogs in the prison ’s 300 - gallon tank appear larger and stronger than those being raised at the other sites .
“ We have a species that has been eliminated for its historical range in the Puget Sound region , ” said Rich Sartor , zoological curator at Northwest Trek .
“ Our whole point is to take them into captivity for a while and head start them , get them up to a size that we think will let them make it once they are turned loose .
You want to have a lot of big , happy , healthy frogs at the end of the day .
So far Cedar Creek — they ’re champs . ”
Delp and Greer have photocopies of a typical Oregon spotted frog growth chart tacked to the wall of their work shack , located in an area of the prison dubbed “ Frogga Walla , ” a nod to the prison at Walla Walla .
Jeff Muse , who manages Evergreen State College ’s expanding sustainable prisons project , said that a master ’s degree student regularly travels to the prison to work with the inmates and act as a liaison between them and Hayes .
Hisami Yoshida , superintendent at the Thurston County prison , said that when she heard about the frog project she was in full support of inmate participation .
Prison staff picked Greer and Delp from a small group of inmates who applied for the research jobs .
In the spring , before the eggs arrived , Hayes held a small lecture at the prison about the Oregon spotted frogs , which have commonly faced high death rates in the wild because they are a popular food source for birds , fish , snakes and bullfrogs .
Spotted frogs have been listed as an endangered species by the state for more than a decade .
Greer and Delp will keep tending to the frogs until early fall , when the creatures are large enough to be released into the wild at a wetland area near Fort Lewis .
Hayes is expecting that more than 1,000 frogs will be released this fall , a figure significantly lower than expected because the 500 eggs growing at Northwest Trek , near Eatonville , died off at the tadpole stage after troubles with the temperature of the tank water .
All of the frogs will be tagged , and about a dozen will also be equipped with radio transmitters so researchers can track their whereabouts , Hayes said .
When they are released , the frogs will be under a year old and weigh around 0.7 ounces .
“ We want to understand the movements they ’re making , where they ’re going .
To understand their behavior post release , ” Hayes said .
Yoshida said a decision has not been made on whether the inmate researchers will be able to leave the prison to help with the massive frog release .
For several years Cedar Creek , a 500 - inmate minimum - security prison nestled in the Capitol Forest , has been known as a home for environmentally focused programs .
Inmates have been able to work alongside Department of Natural Resources crews in fighting fires , they have maintained a large organic garden and raised honeybees .
Many of the programs started after a successful partnership with a scientist from Evergreen State College , Nalini Nadkarni , who convinced Hayes that he should open up the Oregon spotted frog research to inmates , Hayes said .
Greer said that raising frogs is one of the best paying jobs at the prison — at $ 5 per hour , asbestos removal is the best .
Delp said he left a job handing out basketballs at the prison gym for the frog project .
“ This is not that labor - intensive and it ’s interesting , ” Delp said .
“ Guys ( other inmates ) are always pouring questions on me .
A lot of people have toyed with frogs . ”
Greer and Delp ’s success has persuaded frog researchers to expand the program at Cedar Creek next year , more than doubling the number of frogs raised there .
Hayes said he would also like to see the effort launched at other prisons .
Via Physorg.com
Video : Rubber hand illusion Video : Rubber hand illusion
How does your brain work ?
Brain imaging , transcranial magnetic stimulation , and similar advanced techniques have given neuroscientists huge insights into this question .
Yet studying the brain does n’t have to be such a high - tech enterprise .
Simple experiments can still probe the inner workings of the brain , and many of these are easy to set up at home or are available on the internet .
Try them on yourself and you will experience first - hand some of its strangest , most amazing workings – facets of brain function that scientists are only just starting to understand .
You ’ll see aspects of perception , memory , attention , body image , the unconscious mind – and the curious consequences of your brain being split in two .
1 Seeing is n’t believing
TAKE a moment to observe the world around you .
Scan the horizon with your eyes .
Tilt your head back and listen .
You ’re probably getting the impression that your senses are doing a fine job of capturing everything that is going on .
Yet that is all it is : an impression .
Despite the fact that your visual system seems to provide you with a continuous widescreen movie , most of the time it is only gathering information from a tiny patch of the visual field .
The rest of the time it is n’t even doing that .
Somehow from this sporadic input it conjures up a seamless visual experience .
What is going on ?
Bang in the middle of your retina is a small patch of densely crowded photoreceptors called the fovea .
This is the retina ’s sweet spot , the only part of the eye capable of seeing with the rich detail and full colour we …
We have 5,321,519 holiday offers available in 2,275 hotels .
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter facebook twitter
We want you to get the most out of your holiday ; it 's your time to relax , after all .
We are impartial and compare prices from all the well - known UK travel agents , so you can find a great deal and make a confident choice with our ABTA protected and ATOL bonded partners .
Obama 's Era of Openness Is Closed An “ era ” used to last , but not so much anymore .
We ’ve already heard GOP Chairman Michael Steele proclaim that “ the era of apologizing for Republican mistakes ” was over ( when many of us did n’t know it had begun ) , and now it appears that Barack Obama ’s era of openness has closed , too .
Email
Printer friendly
That era began on the new President ’s first working day in office when he rescinded some of George W. Bush ’s imperial edicts granting himself and his family – along with other former presidents and vice presidents – broad control over historical records .
On Jan. 21 , President Obama spoke eloquently about “ a new era of open government , ” declaring that “ a democracy requires accountability , and accountability requires transparency . ”
Regarding whether to release documents under the Freedom of Information Act , he added , “ In the face of doubt , openness prevails .
The government should not keep information confidential merely because public officials might be embarrassed by disclosure , because errors and failures might be revealed , or because of speculative or abstract fears . ”
However , the Obama administration is now moving aggressively to prevent federal courts from ordering the release of photographic and other evidence of crimes and misconduct committed by the CIA and U.S. military forces during George W. Bush ’s “ war on terror . ”
On Monday , Obama ’s lawyers submitted an affidavit signed by CIA Director Leon Panetta claiming that a federal judge must not release documents relating to the destruction of 92 CIA videotapes regarding interrogations of terrorism suspects .
To do so , Panetta said , could “ result in exceptionally grave danger to the national security by informing our enemies of what we know about them , and when , and in some instances , how we obtained the intelligence we possessed . ”
Panetta insisted that the continued secrecy regarding the documents about the destroyed videotapes was “ in no way driven by a desire to prevent embarrassment for the U.S. government or the CIA , or to suppress evidence of any unlawful conduct . ”
Rather , he cited concerns about revealing “ sources and methods ” and other potential harm to U.S. national security .
The ACLU has sought the documents in an attempt to ascertain who in the Bush administration was responsible for torturing detainees and for destroying the videotapes , which detailed the treatment of two terrorism suspects .
The Obama administration ’s objection to the document release follows Obama ’s personal decision in May to withhold photographs showing abuse of detainees at U.S. military prisons .
Obama said releasing the photos could enflame tensions in the Middle East and endanger American soldiers .
He also has reaffirmed the government ’s right to kill court cases by asserting a “ state secrets privilege . ”
What Obama apparently has realized is that a commitment to openness requires courage and a readiness to take some political hits .
Republicans – and parts of the U.S. news media – attacked Obama in April for releasing the Bush administration ’s four legal memos justifying torture of detainees .
Stung by that criticism – and accusations from former Vice President Dick Cheney that the disclosures had endangered national security – Obama began his retreat on openness .
Disclosed Scandals
Yet , virtually every major disclosure of serious U.S. government wrongdoing has entailed some risk of damaging the national image or increasing risks faced by U.S. soldiers deployed around the globe .
For instance , the disclosure of the My Lai massacre during the Vietnam War – including photos of women and children slaughtered in a drainage ditch – surely reflected negatively on the U.S. military .
So , too , did the leaking of photos showing abuse of Iraqi detainees at Abu Ghraib .
Indeed , in scandals as diverse as Richard Nixon ’s Watergate cover - up and Ronald Reagan ’s Iran-Contra Affair , the government ’s reflex has been to insist that any aggressive effort to get at the truth would harm national security .
In both Watergate and Iran - Contra , a refrain heard from Republicans and even some Democrats was that full accountability for the abuses would “ not be good for the country . ”
On a superficial level at least , it always seems easier to sweep the scandals under the rug and move on .
But cover -ups carry risks as well – not only to the health of a democracy but to the emotional issue of troop safety .
If the My Lai massacre had been successfully concealed from the public , the Vietnam War might have dragged on longer causing more American and Vietnamese casualties .
If the Abu Ghraib abuses had been hidden , the U.S. electorate – blissfully unaware of why the ungrateful Iraqis were rebelling against American beneficence – might have elected a new President like John McCain who was eager to extend Bush ’s war .
Thus , more U.S. soldiers might get killed .
Arguably , one of the reasons that Bush ’s desire to invade Iraq drew initial American support was the decision of major U.S. news organizations in 1991 to shield the American people from the worst carnage of the first Persian Gulf War .
News outlets spiked photos of smoldering corpses and downplayed the civilian deaths from heavy U.S. bombing raids in and around Baghdad .
The thinking of many U.S. editors was that such grisly photos and unpleasant stories would dampen the national joy over a successful military campaign – and might lead to complaints that the news outlets were not behaving in a sufficiently patriotic manner .
Even then , President George H.W. Bush saw the feel - good triumph over Iraq as an important palliative for the lingering downer of Vietnam .
As the 100 - hour U.S. ground offensive ended , he exulted : “ We ’ve kicked the Vietnam Syndrome once and for all . ”
With war made fun again – and with most of the complaints coming from neoconservatives who wanted U.S. forces to march on to Baghdad – the American people were primed for another adventure 12 years later when President George W. Bush decided to finish the job that his dad had n't .
The expectation was for another fun -filled “ shock and awe ” romp .
Reagan and Powell As for Official Washington ’s unwillingness in the late 1980s to get to the bottom of the Iran - Contra scandal , the consequences included leaving the reputations of prominent icons , like Ronald Reagan and Colin Powell , in place and thus a threat to the health of the American Republic .
In the Iran - Contra Affair , the idolized President Reagan essentially got away with restoring the imperial presidency and its concept that the nation ’s chief executive could ignore the law , setting the stage for George W. Bush ’s abuse of those same theories .
Powell ’s important behind - the - scenes role in Iran - Contra escaped any sustained scrutiny , protecting his status as a trusted national figure who could be believed when he made the case for invading Iraq in February 2003 .
[ For details on Powell , see Neck Deep . ]
In these cases and many more , the challenge to get at and to tell the truth was daunting .
It was always easier and far more comfortable to acquiesce to the lies and the myths .
After all , Americans do n’t want to think about U.S. troops murdering children and other civilians in My Lai or sexually humiliating Iraqi detainees at Abu Ghraib .
It ’s so much nicer to see the Vietnam War as a noble undertaking or to feel good about the United States bringing " democracy " to Iraq -- or to slide into the bathos that surrounds Ronald Reagan ’s legacy or to admire Colin Powell as an exceptional role model .
Like many Democrats who preceded him , President Obama is finding it ’s politically more popular to adopt a “ patriotic ” posture , keeping unpleasant photographs secret to safeguard “ the troops ” and hiding documents about torture to “ protect sources and methods . ”
By doing so , however , Obama is keeping from the American people a full understanding of the depravity that George W. Bush unleashed in their name .
That might make them feel better ; some might even thank Obama for sparing the United States more humiliation .
But Obama ’s cover-up of the Bush administration ’s crimes also enables the Republicans to gloss over the abuses of the past eight years and makes a GOP comeback more likely in the not - too - distant future .
It ’s also a sure bet that the Republicans will do Obama no reciprocal favors , anymore than they did for Bill Clinton , who similarly concealed Reagan - Bush - I abuses .
[ See Secrecy & Privilege . ]
Obama also risks offending many of his supporters and other Americans who simply want to know the truth .
They will view him as just another politician who talked big but then took a dive on the difficult work of accountability , a guy who ended his promised “ era of open government ” barely before it began .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Advertisements
Part of the launch for Palin 2012 is letting Sarah take stands and become a national Republican voice on current issues .
Today in her Washington Post op - ed she came out against President Obama ’s cap and trade program , but it was just last October at the vice presidential debate when Sarah Palin claimed to be for cap and trade .
In the Washington Post , Palin wrote , “ I am deeply concerned about President Obama ’s cap - and - trade energy plan , and I believe it is an enormous threat to our economy .
It would undermine our recovery over the short term and would inflict permanent damage . ”
Here is video of Palin supporting cap and trade at the debate from Think Progress
Advertisements
Here is the transcript from the debate :
Ifill :
We do need to keep within our two minutes .
But I just wanted to ask you , do you support capping carbon emissions ?
Palin : I do .
I do .
Some of her critics have made the argument that Palin does n’t know what cap and trade it , but I disagree with this surface assessment .
It is more likely that Palin took the first step today in an attempt to stake out a new position in order to make people forget about her previous support of cap and trade .
By the way , today was n’t the debut of her new cap and trade position .
In May she was on the Michael Dukes Show out of Fairbanks , Alaska .
On the topic of cap and trade , she said , ” Yeah , and I ’m not a defeatist .
I ’m not saying that Alaska ’s little voice will not be heard in the debate , but I am saying we have to be pragmatic .
We have to be realistic about it , and if this is what is coming from this new administration especially , we have got to be ready for that and we have to do our part to remedy the problems that I believe Cap and Trade are going to cause . ”
Gasp , could this mean that Sarah Palin had been laying the groundwork for getting out of Alaska for months ?
Could it be possible that Palin ’s reason for resigning was n’t true ?
The Washington Post op - ed is presidential candidate 101 .
Palin has taken a lot of flak from the right and the left of her Post piece today , but the bigger problem that she will face on numerous issues is her flip - flops .
Cap and trade will like be the first of the , for it before she was against it Palin moments .
IZEA , the company formerly known as Pay Per Post that pays bloggers to write about products , is moving into the realm of Twitter .
According to AdWeek , Izea is planning to launch a program called Sponsored Tweets next month that will work much like its product for bloggers .
Sponsored Tweets will “ offer Twitter users the option of sending their followers messages about brands and products .
Twitterers will get paid based either on the number of clicks they receive or on a flat fee per Tweet . "
Much like Magpie , which launched last year and offers users a very similar pay - per - tweet program , expect a lot of controversy to erupt when Sponsored Tweets debuts .
But amplify it by a few orders of magnitude , because Izea has a history , funding , and lots of existing critics .
The more important issue , however , is what the implications of a program like this will be for Twitter users .
Similar to its blogging program , Sponsored Tweets will carry disclosure in the form of a # spon hashtag .
In other words , if someone is being paid to tweet about a product , it will be disclosed , assuming that users follow the rules .
Personally , I think any review – on a blog or on Twitter – is immediately de-valued if the author is being paid to write it , because the objectivity is lost .
However , much like blogs , you can simply ignore those who engage in pay - per - tweet schemes .
In theory , this will be even easier on Twitter , because you can simply unfollow anyone you see using a # spon hashtag if you find this form of advertising particularly offensive .
Ultimately , I think the issue will be less about your Twitter stream getting polluted with ads – because you can control that – and rather , seeing which users are willing to risk their reputation in pursuit of a few dollars .
There is clearly demand on both sides – Twitter users with big audiences who want to make money , and advertisers who want to reach Twitter users .
Sponsored
Tweets probably ( and we hope ) wo n’t be the solution that wins out , but expect it to make a lot of noise , very soon .
And of course , let us know your thoughts about the concept in the comments .
How to compute planetary positions
0. Foreword
1. Introduction
2 . A few words about accuracy
3 . The time scale
d = 367*y - 7 * ( y + ( m+9 ) /12 ) / 4 + 275*m/9 + D - 730530
d = 367*y - 7 * ( y + ( m+9 ) /12 ) / 4 - 3 * ( ( y + ( m - 9)/7 ) / 100 + 1 ) / 4 + 275*m/9 + D - 730515
d = d + UT / 24.0 ( this is a floating - point division )
4 . The orbital elements
N = longitude of the ascending node i = inclination to the ecliptic ( plane of the Earth 's orbit ) w = argument of perihelion a = semi-major axis , or mean distance from Sun e = eccentricity ( 0=circle , 0 - 1=ellipse , 1=parabola ) M = mean anomaly ( 0 at perihelion ; increases uniformly with time )
w1 = N + w = longitude of perihelion L = M + w1 = mean longitude q = a * ( 1 - e ) = perihelion distance Q = a *( 1+e ) = aphelion distance P = a ^ 1.5 = orbital period ( years if a is in AU , astronomical units ) T = Epoch_of_M - ( M( deg ) /360_deg ) / P = time of perihelion v = true anomaly ( angle between position and perihelion ) E = eccentric anomaly
ecl = 23.4393 - 3.563E -7 * d
N = 0.0 i = 0.0 w = 282.9404 + 4.70935E -5 * d a = 1.000000 ( AU ) e = 0.016709 - 1.151E -9 * d M = 356.0470 + 0.9856002585 * d
N = 125.1228 - 0.0529538083 * d i = 5.1454 w = 318.0634 + 0.1643573223 * d a = 60.2666 ( Earth radii ) e = 0.054900 M = 115.3654 + 13.0649929509 * d
N = 48.3313 + 3.24587E -5 * d i = 7.0047 + 5.00E - 8 * d w = 29.1241 + 1.01444E -5 * d a = 0.387098 ( AU ) e = 0.205635 + 5.59E - 10 * d M = 168.6562 + 4.0923344368 * d
N = 76.6799 + 2.46590E -5 * d i = 3.3946 + 2.75E - 8 * d w = 54.8910 + 1.38374E -5 * d a = 0.723330 ( AU ) e = 0.006773 - 1.302E -9 * d M = 48.0052 + 1.6021302244 * d
N = 49.5574 + 2.11081E -5 * d i = 1.8497 - 1.78E -8 * d w = 286.5016 + 2.92961E -5 * d a = 1.523688 ( AU ) e = 0.093405 + 2.516E -9 * d M = 18.6021 + 0.5240207766 * d
N = 100.4542 + 2.76854E -5 * d i = 1.3030 - 1.557E -7 * d w = 273.8777 + 1.64505E -5 * d a = 5.20256 ( AU ) e = 0.048498 + 4.469E -9 * d M = 19.8950 + 0.0830853001 * d
N = 113.6634 + 2.38980E -5 * d i = 2.4886 - 1.081E -7 * d w = 339.3939 + 2.97661E -5 * d a = 9.55475 ( AU ) e = 0.055546 - 9.499E -9 * d M = 316.9670 + 0.0334442282 * d
N = 74.0005 + 1.3978E - 5 * d i = 0.7733 + 1.9E - 8 * d w = 96.6612 + 3.0565E -5 * d a = 19.18171 - 1.55E -8 * d ( AU ) e = 0.047318 + 7.45E -9 * d M = 142.5905 + 0.011725806 * d
N = 131.7806 + 3.0173E - 5 * d i = 1.7700 - 2.55E - 7 * d w = 272.8461 - 6.027E -6 * d a = 30.05826 + 3.313E -8 * d ( AU ) e = 0.008606 + 2.15E - 9 * d M = 260.2471 + 0.005995147 * d
5 . The position of the Sun
E = M + e*( 180 / pi ) * sin( M ) * ( 1.0 + e * cos( M ) )
E = M + e * sin( M ) * ( 1.0 + e * cos( M ) )
xv = r * cos( v ) = cos(E ) - e yv = r * sin( v ) = sqrt( 1.0 - e*e ) * sin( E ) v = atan2 ( yv , xv ) r = sqrt ( xv*xv + yv*yv )
atan2 ( y , x ) = atan ( y / x ) if x positive atan2 ( y , x ) = atan( y / x ) +- 180 degrees if x negative atan2 ( y , x ) = sign (y ) * 90 degrees if x zero
lonsun = v + w
xs = r * cos( lonsun ) ys = r * sin( lonsun )
xe = xs ye = ys * cos( ecl ) ze = ys * sin( ecl )
RA = atan2 ( ye , xe ) Dec = atan2 ( ze , sqrt ( xe* xe+ye*ye ) )
5b . The Sidereal Time
GMST = GMST0 + UT
Ls = M + w
GMST0 = Ls + 180 _degrees GMST = GMST0 + UT LST = GMST + local_longitude
GMST0 = ( Ls + 180_degrees ) /15 = Ls/15 + 12_hours GMST = GMST0 + UT LST = GMST + local_longitude/15
6 . The position of the Moon and of the planets
M = e * sin(E ) - E
E = M + e * sin( M ) * ( 1.0 + e * cos( M ) )
E = M + e*( 180 / pi ) * sin( M ) * ( 1.0 + e * cos( M ) )
E1 = E0 - ( E0 - e*( 180 / pi ) * sin( E0 ) - M ) / ( 1 - e * cos( E0 ) )
E1 = E0 - ( E0 - e * sin( E0 ) - M ) / ( 1 - e * cos( E0 ) )
xv = r * cos( v ) = a * ( cos(E ) - e ) yv = r * sin( v ) = a * ( sqrt ( 1.0 - e*e ) * sin( E ) ) v = atan2 ( yv , xv ) r = sqrt ( xv*xv + yv*yv )
7 . The position in space
xh = r * ( cos( N ) * cos( v+w ) - sin( N ) * sin( v+w ) * cos( i ) ) yh = r * ( sin( N ) * cos( v+w ) + cos( N ) * sin( v+w ) * cos( i ) ) zh = r * ( sin( v+w ) * sin( i ) )
lonecl = atan2 ( yh , xh ) latecl = atan2 ( zh , sqrt ( xh * xh + yh*yh ) )
8. Precession
lon_corr = 3.82394E -5 * ( 365.2422 * ( Epoch - 2000.0 ) - d )
9. Perturbations of the Moon
Ms , Mm Mean Anomaly of the Sun and the Moon Nm Longitude of the Moon 's node ws , wm Argument of perihelion for the Sun and the Moon Ls = Ms + ws Mean Longitude of the Sun ( Ns=0 ) Lm = Mm + wm +
Nm Mean longitude of the Moon D = Lm - Ls Mean elongation of the Moon F = Lm - Nm Argument of latitude for the Moon
- 1.274 * sin( Mm - 2*D ) ( the Evection ) +0.658 * sin( 2*D ) ( the Variation ) - 0.186 * sin( Ms ) ( the Yearly Equation ) - 0.059 * sin( 2* Mm - 2*D ) - 0.057 * sin( Mm - 2*D + Ms ) +0.053 * sin( Mm + 2*D ) +0.046 * sin( 2*D - Ms ) +0.041 * sin( Mm - Ms ) - 0.035 * sin( D ) ( the Parallactic Equation ) - 0.031 * sin( Mm + Ms ) - 0.015 * sin(2*F - 2*D ) +0.011 * sin( Mm - 4*D )
- 0.173 * sin( F - 2*D ) - 0.055 * sin( Mm - F - 2*D ) - 0.046 * sin( Mm + F - 2*D ) +0.033 * sin( F + 2*D ) +0.017 * sin( 2* Mm + F )
- 0.58 * cos( Mm - 2*D ) - 0.46 * cos( 2*D )
10 . Perturbations of Jupiter , Saturn and Uranus
Mj Mean anomaly of Jupiter Ms Mean anomaly of Saturn Mu Mean anomaly of Uranus ( needed for Uranus only )
- 0.332 * sin( 2* Mj - 5 * Ms - 67.6 degrees ) - 0.056 * sin( 2* Mj - 2*Ms + 21 degrees ) +0.042 * sin( 3* Mj - 5 * Ms + 21 degrees ) - 0.036 * sin( Mj - 2 * Ms ) +0.022 * cos( Mj - Ms ) +0.023 * sin( 2* Mj - 3 * Ms + 52 degrees ) - 0.016 * sin( Mj - 5 * Ms - 69 degrees )
+ 0.812 * sin( 2*Mj - 5 * Ms - 67.6 degrees ) - 0.229 * cos( 2* Mj - 4* Ms - 2 degrees ) +0.119 * sin( Mj - 2 * Ms - 3 degrees ) +0.046 * sin( 2* Mj - 6 * Ms - 69 degrees ) +0.014 * sin( Mj - 3 * Ms + 32 degrees )
- 0.020 * cos( 2* Mj - 4* Ms - 2 degrees ) +0.018 * sin( 2* Mj - 6 * Ms - 49 degrees )
+ 0.040 * sin( Ms - 2 * Mu + 6 degrees ) +0.035 * sin( Ms - 3 * Mu + 33 degrees ) - 0.015 * sin( Mj - Mu + 20 degrees )
11 . Geocentric ( Earth - centered ) coordinates
xh = r * cos( lonecl ) * cos( latecl ) yh = r * sin( lonecl ) * cos( latecl ) zh = r * sin( latecl )
xs = rs * cos( lonsun ) ys = rs * sin( lonsun )
xg = xh + xs yg = yh + ys zg = zh
12 . Equatorial coordinates
xe = xg ye = yg * cos( ecl ) - zg * sin( ecl ) ze = yg * sin( ecl ) + zg * cos(ecl )
RA = atan2 ( ye , xe ) Dec = atan2 ( ze , sqrt ( xe* xe+ye*ye ) )
rg = sqrt(xg*xg+yg*yg+zg*zg ) = sqrt( xe*xe+ye*ye+ze*ze )
12b . Azimuthal coordinates
HA = LST - RA
x = cos( HA ) * cos( Decl ) y = sin( HA ) * cos( Decl ) z = sin( Decl ) xhor = x * sin( lat ) - z * cos( lat ) yhor = y zhor = x * cos( lat ) + z * sin( lat ) az = atan2 ( yhor , xhor ) + 180 _ degrees alt = asin ( zhor ) = atan2 ( zhor , sqrt( xhor*xhor+yhor * yhor ) )
13 . The Moon 's topocentric position
mpar = asin( 1/r )
alt_topoc = alt_geoc - mpar * cos( alt_geoc )
gclat = lat , rho = 1.0
gclat = lat - 0.1924_deg * sin( 2*lat ) rho = 0.99833 + 0.00167 * cos ( 2*lat )
HA = LST - RA
g = atan ( tan( gclat ) / cos( HA ) )
topRA = RA - mpar * rho * cos( gclat ) * sin( HA ) / cos( Decl ) topDecl = Decl - mpar * rho * sin( gclat ) * sin(g - Decl ) / sin(g )
topDecl = Decl - mpar * rho * sin(- Decl ) * cos( HA )
ppar = ( 8.794/3600 ) _deg / r
14 . The position of Pluto
S = 50.03 + 0.033459652 * d P = 238.95 + 0.003968789 * d
lonecl = 238.9508 + 0.00400703 * d - 19.799 * sin( P ) + 19.848 * cos( P ) + 0.897 * sin( 2*P ) - 4.956 * cos( 2*P ) + 0.610 * sin( 3*P ) + 1.211 * cos( 3*P ) - 0.341 * sin( 4*P ) - 0.190 * cos( 4*P ) + 0.128 * sin( 5*P ) - 0.034 * cos( 5*P ) - 0.038 * sin( 6*P ) + 0.031 * cos( 6*P ) + 0.020 * sin( S - P ) - 0.010 * cos( S - P ) latecl = - 3.9082 - 5.453 * sin( P ) - 14.975 * cos( P ) + 3.527 * sin( 2*P ) + 1.673 * cos( 2*P ) - 1.051 * sin( 3*P ) + 0.328 * cos( 3*P ) + 0.179 * sin( 4*P ) - 0.292 * cos( 4*P ) + 0.019 * sin( 5*P ) + 0.100 * cos( 5*P ) - 0.031 * sin( 6*P ) - 0.026 * cos( 6*P ) + 0.011 * cos( S- P ) r = 40.72 + 6.68 * sin( P ) + 6.90 * cos( P ) - 1.18 * sin( 2*P ) - 0.03 * cos( 2*P ) + 0.15 * sin( 3*P ) - 0.14 * cos( 3*P )
15 .
The elongation and physical ephemerides of the planets
d = d0 / R
Mercury 6.74 " Venus 16.92 " Earth 17.59 " equ 17.53 " pol Mars 9.36 " equ 9.28 " pol Jupiter 196.94 " equ 185.08 " pol Saturn 165.6 " equ 150.8 " pol Uranus 65.8 " equ 62.1 " pol Neptune 62.2 " equ 60.9 " pol
d = 1873.7 " * 60 / r
elong = acos( ( s*s + R*R - r*r ) / ( 2*s*R ) ) FV = acos( ( r*r + R*R - s*s ) / ( 2*r*R ) )
phase = ( 1 + cos( FV ) ) / 2 = hav( 180_deg - FV )
hav(x ) = ( 1 - cos(x ) ) / 2 = sin^2 ( x /2 )
elong = acos ( cos(slon - mlon ) * cos( mlat ) ) FV = 180_deg - elong
Mercury : - 0.36 + 5* log10 ( r* R ) + 0.027 * FV + 2.2E -13 * FV ** 6 Venus : - 4.34 + 5* log10 ( r* R ) + 0.013 * FV + 4.2E -7 * FV ** 3 Mars : - 1.51 + 5* log10 ( r* R ) + 0.016 * FV Jupiter : - 9.25 + 5* log10 ( r* R ) + 0.014 * FV Saturn : - 9.0 + 5* log10 ( r* R ) + 0.044 * FV + ring_magn Uranus : - 7.15 + 5* log10 ( r* R ) + 0.001 * FV Neptune : - 6.90 + 5* log10 ( r* R ) + 0.001 * FV Moon : +0.23 + 5* log10 ( r* R ) + 0.026 * FV + 4.0E - 9 * FV **4
Moon : - 21.62 + 5* log10 ( r* R ) + 0.026 * FV + 4.0E - 9 * FV **4
ring_magn = - 2.6 * sin( abs ( B ) ) + 1.2 * ( sin( B ) ) **
2
los = atan2 ( yg , xg ) las = atan2 ( zg , sqrt ( xg*xg + yg*yg ) )
ir = 28.06_deg Nr = 169.51_deg + 3.82E - 5_deg * d
B = asin ( sin( las ) * cos( ir ) - cos( las ) * sin( ir ) * sin( los - Nr ) )
16 . Positions of asteroids
N = N_Epoch + 0.013967 * ( 2000.0 - Epoch ) + 3.82394E -5 * d
P = 365.2568984 * a** 1.5 ( days ) = 1.00004024 * a ** 1.5 ( years )
17 . Position of comets .
M = 360.0 * ( d - dT ) / P ( degrees )
a = q / ( 1.0 - e )
18 . Parabolic orbits
H = ( d - dT ) * ( k/ sqrt ( 2 ) ) / q**1.5
h = 1.5 * H g = sqrt ( 1.0 + h*h ) s = cbrt ( g + h ) - cbrt ( g - h )
v = 2.0 * atan(s ) r = q * ( 1.0 + s*s )
19 . Near - parabolic orbits .
a = 0.75 * ( d - dT ) * k * sqrt( ( 1 + e ) / ( q*q*q ) ) b = sqrt ( 1 + a *a ) W = cbrt( b + a ) - cbrt( b - a ) f = ( 1 - e ) / ( 1 + e ) a 1 = ( 2/3 ) + ( 2/5 ) * W*W a2 = ( 7/5 ) + ( 33/35 ) * W*W + ( 37/175 ) * W** 4 a3 = W*W * ( ( 432/175 ) + ( 956/1125 ) * W*W + ( 84/1575 ) * W** 4 ) C = W*W / ( 1 + W*W ) g = f * C*C w = W * ( 1 + f * C * ( a 1 + a 2*g + a 3*g*g ) ) v = 2 * atan(w ) r = q * ( 1 + w*w ) / ( 1 + w*w * f )
20 . Hyperbolic orbits
a = q / ( 1 - e )
M = ( t - T ) / ( - a )** 1.5
sinh(x ) = ( exp ( x ) - exp ( - x ) ) / 2 cosh (x ) = ( exp ( x ) + exp (- x ) ) / 2
M = e * sinh ( F ) - F
F = M
F1 = ( M + e * ( F0 * cosh ( F0 ) - sinh ( F0 ) ) ) / ( e * cosh ( F0 ) - 1 )
v = 2 * arctan ( sqrt ((e+ 1 ) / ( e - 1 ) ) ) * tanh ( F /2 ) r = a * ( 1 - e*e ) / ( 1 + e * cos(v ) )
21 . Rise and set times .
22 . Validity of orbital elements .
23 . Links to other sites .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Furious competition between social networking sites is compromising the protection of users ' data , a Cambridge University study has concluded .
The survey covered 45 global social networks , ranging from popular sites such as MySpace and Facebook through to lesser - known foreign networks .
Its authors report " serious concerns " about the extent to which these sites fail to keep users ' personal information private .
It is the first detailed analysis to examine the security provisions of a large number of social networks .
The report , by researchers in the University 's Computer Laboratory , is being made freely available online .
While the problems it identifies - such as misleading privacy policies and inaccessible privacy guidelines - have long been suspected , the report provides new numerical data to confirm their scope .
Some 90 % of sites , for example , needlessly required a full name or date of birth for permission to join .
80 % failed to use standard encryption protocols to protect sensitive user data from hackers .
And 71 % reserved the right to share user data with third parties in their privacy policies .
The study also argues that privacy is being compromised by rigorous competition for users .
Researchers argue that open discussion of privacy on social networking sites puts off the average user , which discourages the owners from producing explicit or accessible privacy guidelines .
" Sites want users to be relaxed and having fun , but when privacy is mentioned users feel less comfortable sharing data , " Co-researcher Joseph Bonneau said .
" Even sites with good privacy feel that they can't promote it , so users have no idea of what they 're getting . "
The researchers only covered sites which are available in English , signing up to each using a Yahoo !
Email account and the pseudonym " Upton Sinclair " .
In each case , Bonneau and his fellow researcher , Sören Preibusch , recorded the amount of personal information that they had to hand over in order to sign up to the site and how much they were told about its privacy policy and settings in the process .
They also analysed how much they could see about the site 's existing members before they joined .
Once they were signed up , the researchers tested each site 's privacy controls against 260 criteria , examining features such as log - in arrangements and the site 's privacy policy and configuration controls .
They found what the report calls " pervasive problems " , including poor web security practices , confusing user - interfaces and misleading privacy policies .
All but three of the general purpose sites they examined left new profiles completely visible to at least all the other members of the site by default .
As previous studies have suggested that between 80 % and 99 % of users never alter their privacy settings , this means that in most cases their profiles will remain visible .
The researchers also produced privacy scores for each of the networks assessed .
Bebo and LinkedIn were ranked the highest for their privacy settings , while the British site Badoo earned the wooden spoon .
Facebook and MySpace , frequently the targets of privacy critics , finished slightly above average .
In general , the researchers found that the larger , more popular and older sites maintained better privacy practices and adopted higher privacy standards .
" The popular sites are just the tip of the iceberg , " Preibusch said .
" Niche sites implement significantly less favourable privacy practices and offer fewer controls to their users to configure the sharing of personal information . "
Overall , the report also found that sites which promoted their privacy controls as a selling point tended to be those with fewer users joining the site .
It suggests that this may be because the vast majority of people , while they may claim to be concerned about privacy , tend to forget about or ignore the possibility that this may be jeopardised when offered an attractive social networking service .
Since the sites depend on acquiring as many users as possible , the researchers argue that most social networks opt to set up long and complicated privacy measures which , in most cases , it is difficult to access or even find .
At the same time , they show off how many users they have and how easy it is to make friends , or share photos , videos and music - all features which it would be harder to sell with stricter privacy controls .
The privacy policies remain in place , the researchers suggest , to placate a vocal minority of " privacy fundamentalists " , who might otherwise expose the lack of policy to the wider majority , prompting a discussion which , through its very existence alone , might dissuade prospective new members from joining .
The report calls for an " opt- out " approach to privacy , in which users ' details are kept private until otherwise stated .
It also calls for stronger across - the - board regulation , and suggests that sites could offer " premium " membership schemes which allow users to handle their privacy settings in greater detail if they so wish , a scheme known as " privacy negotiations " .
The full report along with the original dataset can be downloaded at : preibusch.de/publ/privacy_jungle
Provided by University of Cambridge ( news : web )
Explore further Facebook plans to simplify privacy settings
Part 1 : Adam Hanieh .
Toronto , June 28 , 2009 - Left Streamed --
The political period that has opened up since the financial turbulence of 2007 began to grip the world market has led to both a crisis of neoliberalism and an attempt to reconstruct it .
The overaccumulation of capital in key sectors in the US and Europe , particularly in real estate markets , auto production and financial services , has led to an economic contraction that has spread across global capitalism .
The ``global South '' has experienced some of the worst impacts of neoliberalism and of the world slump .
This discusson , which first appeared on the Socialist Project of Canada 's Left Streamed site , explores the impact of the financial crisis in the global south , particularly with respect to cases in Africa and the Middle East , and emerging class struggles .
It features talks by Patrick Bond ( director of the Centre for Civil Society , University of KwaZulu - Natal , Durban ) and Palestinian rights campaigner Adam Hanieh ( Department of Political Science , York University , Canada , currently teaching and living in Dubai ) .
Moderated by Greg Albo .
Part 2 : Patrick Bond .
Physicist Janna Levin last year published a paper where she offers a way to understand what happens to objects trapped in the intense gravitational field around rotating black holes .
As this chart shows , there are many paths to the singularity .
Levin , who has also written a beautiful , fascinating book about physics called How the Universe Got Its Spots , gives a technical explanation of her periodic table of black hole orbits :
Understanding the dynamics around rotating black holes is imperative to the success of the future gravitational wave observatories .
Although integrable in principle , test particle orbits in the Kerr spacetime can also be elaborate , and while they have been studied extensively , classifying their general properties has been a challenge .
This is the first in a series of papers that adopts a dynamical systems approach to the study of Kerr orbits , beginning with equatorial orbits .
We define a taxonomy of orbits that hinges on a correspondence between periodic orbits and rational numbers .
The taxonomy defines the entire dynamics , including aperiodic motion , since every orbit is in or near the periodic set .
A remarkable implication of this periodic orbit taxonomy is that the simple precessing ellipse familiar from planetary orbits is not allowed in the strong - field regime .
Instead , eccentric orbits trace out precessions of multi-leaf clovers in the final stages of inspiral .
Furthermore , for any black hole , there is some point in the strong - field regime past which zoom - whirl behavior becomes unavoidable .
Finally , we sketch the potential application of the taxonomy to problems of astrophysical interest , in particular its utility for computationally intensive gravitational wave calculations .
Advertisement
Kerr black holes are black holes that rotate , and that affects the gravity waves they generate .
I love these charts of the many possible ways that objects might approach , orbit , and eventually get swallowed by a black hole .
If you want to delve into the math Levin used to create these images , check out the whole paper .
It 's free online .
" A Periodic Table for Black Hole Orbits " via arXiv
Advertisement
Should you ever fly over San Francisco Bay , be sure to peer out of the window in order to catch a glimpse of one of the world 's most incredibly coloured landscapes .
It 's hard to believe that the cause of such a vibrant display is plain old salt .
Image Credit : Flickr User Jerry Ting
These beautifully coloured patches are in fact salt evaporation ponds ; wetlands now dedicated to salt production .
The Kite Aerial Photography website explains the colouring brilliantly ; ' The palette of colors that makes the salt ponds such a vibrant sight reflects a complex ecosystem .
Colors in salt ponds range from pale green to deep coral pink , and indicate the salinity of the ponds .
Microorganisms create these spectacular colors , changing their own hues in response to increasing salinity .
In low - to mid-salinity ponds , green algae proliferate , lending the water a green cast .
As the salinity increases , an algae called Dunaliella out - competes the other microorganisms in the pond , and the color shifts to an even lighter shade of green .
In mid -to high - salinity ponds , high salt concentrations actually cause the Dunaliella to produce a red pigment .
Millions of tiny brine shrimp in mid-salinity ponds contribute an orange cast to the water .
Halophilic ( salt - loving ) bacteria such as Stichococcus also contribute red tints to high - salinity brine .
Weather can affect the colors of the ponds .
When wind creates choppy conditions , the colors appear murkier .
Heavy rain can dilute the brine , causing the colors to shift toward the hues found in lower - salinity ponds or even turn the water clear . '
Image Credit : Flickr User Michael Layefsky
If like most people you can't manage to jump in a plane to take a look , the next best thing is to use Google Maps where they can be seen in all their glory .
Have a look below .
DUBAI - A few residents in the UAE , who suffer from terminal illness , have contacted an overseas ‘ right - to - die ’ organisation in the hope of ending &their lives .
Dr Philip Nitschke , founder of EXIT International , said that his organisation had provided information to residents he would not name about how they could do so with least pain .
‘ Assisted suicide ’ , as the practice is called and which EXIT International enables , is the subject of unresolved debate the world over , with opinion sharply divided over whether a person has the right to end one ’s life .
The arguments — both for and against — rest on moral , religious and legal grounds .
“ Many of them are either terminally ill or worried about what will happen to them when they grow old , ” Dr Nitschke told the Khaleej Times in a phone interview from the group ’s head office &in Melbourne .
“ We provide them with information about what drugs are available and what methods they can use to peacefully end their lives .
If there is sufficient interest from the UAE then we would consider holding a&workshop there . ”
Nitschke has earned the moniker ‘ Dr Death ’ in his native Australia , after he became the first to administer lethal injections to four people in 1996 , when assisted suicide became temporarily legal in the country .
In order to prevent abuse , membership of EXIT International is restricted to those who are either over 50 or have a terminal illness .
Suicide clinics are illegal in the UAE because taking one ’s life is regarded as being equivalent to murder in Islam .
Sheikh Arafah , Iman of the Khansahib Mosque in Sharjah , said that suicide was wrong regardless of the reason .
“ Allah forbids the killing of a human soul , whether you kill yourself or somebody else , ” he said .
“ In Shariah law , a person who kills someone should be sentenced to death .
Suicide is a great sin .
His punishment is the greatest by God . ”
The Telecommunications Regulatory Authority guidelines to internet service providers , state that websites should be blocked if they contravene the public morals of the country .
However , internet users in the UAE are still able to access the websites of EXIT International and Switzerland - based assisted suicide clinic Dignitas .
Etisalat and Du have an automatic filter for pornographic content , but other questionable sites have to be blocked manually .
Neither Etisalat nor
Du was unavailable for comment .
Individuals can sign up for membership of EXIT International in exchange for a donation of between Dh160 & and Dh430 .
As well as information about how to end one ’s life , the organisation also offers home visits by volunteers from around the world , who can give advice .
Nitschke said that he has been considering presenting a workshop in the UAE which would outline some of the methods available .
However , he said that there were concerns over whether he would be allowed to enter the country , after police refused to sanction a workshop in Singapore last month .
“ We had a very unsatisfactory experience in Singapore , ” he said .
“ We have to be very careful with issues such as freedom of speech in non-Western countries . ”
Nitschke was detained at Heathrow Airport in London on May 2 , but was later released to conduct a series of workshops in the UK .
Across the world , 4,000 people attended his workshops in 2008 .
Dubai Naturalisation and Residency Department ( DNRD ) declined to comment on the record whether he would be allowed access to the country .
Licensing for a public meeting involves several government agencies and it is understood that his entry visa to the country would rest on prior approval for the workshop .
“ Many people are worried that they could find themselves in a difficult situation where they have no control over their lives , ” he said .
“ They seek out information about how they can die peacefully &and quietly . ”
He added that a large number of those who seek advice in ending their lives eventually go through with the act .
news@khaleejtimes.com
Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of the Airport Parking Connection
Airport Parking Connection is not responsible for the content on external web sites .
© 2007 - 2013 Airport Parking Connection all rights reserved .
Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of the Airport Parking Connection Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Airport Parking Connection is not responsible for the content on external web sites .
Today , we will be building a simple forum using Ruby on Rails , and we will be working up from the basics covering things like authentication and more advanced database techniques .
Ruby on Rails
If you 're unfamiliar with Ruby on Rails , it is a web application framework built using the Ruby programming language .
There have been some good tutorials published here on net.tuts + on getting starting with Rails , and for a quick review you can see my previous article .
Step 1 - Create the Rails Application
To create our application , we use the rails command , followed by the name of our project , and that happens to be forum in this case .
The terminal command below is what I used .
Also , make sure you have changed into the proper directory in your terminal .
After running the command you will see a long line of text with all the files that have just been created .
Now you will want to change into the directory we just created .
Step 2 - Installing Gems
You are probably wondering what a Gem is .
A Gem is a self - contained package for distributing Ruby programs and libraries .
They come in handy very often , they make your life easier .
We will be using a few gems for this project , listed below .
Also , make sure that you have the latest version of RubyGems and your Gems by running :
( with sudo if needed )
( with sudo if needed )
nifty - generators : Ryan Bates 's amazing nifty - generators will be used for the nifty - authentication and nifty - scaffold generators
Ryan Bates 's amazing nifty - generators will be used for the nifty - authentication and nifty - scaffold generators database :
Make sure you have any gem you need to interface with the database you will use , I am going to use SQLite
Step 3 - Setting up the Authentication
Now that we have all the gems we need installed , run the following in your terminal : ( make sure you are in the directory rails created )
You should see text fly by like above .
Now go ahead and open up the folder in your favorite IDE .
We are first going to edit the config / database .yml file .
The file should be set up to use whatever database system you want , and in this case I will be using SQLite .
Making sure everything is setup properly , and then run the following command to migrate changes to our database :
Step 4 - The Application Structure
No , this part is not going to actually deal with the application layout in terms of overall design , we will work on that shortly .
This section will actually deal with how the application will be built .
One of the major upsides with Ruby on Rails is the plethora of generators available .
The only problem that some people miss is that you need to plan you application to make these generators really go the extra-mile .
Below is how the models in the database will be organized and related is a rough manner :
Forum : A forum is the top - most level .
Basically a group of topics that relate to one another .
A forum is the top - most level .
Basically a group of topics that relate to one another .
Topic : a topic , also called a thread concerns a certain topic .
a topic , also called a thread concerns a certain topic .
Post : a post belongs to a topic , and is a message by a certain user .
So we are going to use nifty - scaffold to generate three models , one for each of the parts listed above .
So getting started , we are going to use the scaffold to create our forum .
To do this , run the following command :
Next we will scaffold for the topic :
Now we will scaffold the post :
Then migrate the database :
Step 5 - Creating the Layout
Now , we are actually going to work on the the first part of the overall look of the site .
Due to the fact we are using nifty_scaffold , we are also going to use nifty_layout to generate some of the basic layout , that we will change .
To use nifty_layout , run :
Now this was a real quick step just to get this working for now .
We will come back to this later .
Step 6 - Setting up the Associations
So we are going to create associations in our models .
Associations are ways to link models .
Let 's first open up our app / models / forum.rb and you should see :
Now we are going to add some code and it should look like the following , and I will explain it in a minute .
The code has_many means exactly what it sounds like ; it ' has many ' and then we refer to our model Topic .
You may wonder why it works when you add an 's ' , and that is the ActiveRecord convention .
The : dependent => : destroy means that when the forum is deleted , all of it 's topics will be too .
Now we are going to open up our app / models / topic.rb and edit it to the following :
Again , this is plain text .
It says a Topic belongs to a Forum , and has many posts .
We are also using : dependent => : destroy here to delete all of it's children posts .
Now open up app / models / post.rb and edit it to the following :
Now we are going to create three migrations that will add our foreign keys to our database .
If you had wanted to do this when you scaffolded , you could have , though the way we are going about it also teaches you another Rails technique , so I felt that this way would be better .
So the create our first migration , run :
This command generates a migration named add_foreign_to_topics , automatically recognizes that we want to change the Topic model , and then we pass what we want to add .
In this case we are adding a column named forum_id that is an integer type .
To create the migration to add our foreign key of forum_id to our Topic model .
Then next command will create the migration
Now we can migrate the database again with :
Step 7 - Getting Started on the Home Page
So now we can start on building the functionality of the site .
So lets first open up config / routes.rb and add the following line near the commented out lines below :
Lets save the file and delete or rename the file public / index.html .
Now we want to open up the view for the index file in app / views / forums/index.html.erb and edit it to the following :
I changed the table header text into the text that we will be putting in each cell , as well as the width of the cells
There are still changes that we are going to make later .
Now , open up the application.css file in the public / stylesheets directory .
I added the 960.gs CSS Reset and Typography files to the top of the stylesheet .
Then I added the following styles to the end of the file :
Now if you want to fire up the server with script / server , you should see the following : ( P.S. I added a record into the database just to give an example . )
Now that we have our index action taken care of , lets work on our show action for the forum .
This file lies in app / views / forums / show.html.erb .
We are going to copy most of the code from our index action into this one , and the final code is below :
I know I have not explained the code in the two views above , so I 'll explain it now .
So the first line we set the title for the page .
We then create a table and set up the table headers .
After , we start a loop for each item in the topics of our forum , and uses the local variable of topic .
We then create a link for each topic , then the number of posts , minus 1 to account for the original post .
Then we have an extra td that we will use later , and then the admin links , which we will also take care of later .
Step 8 - Working on the Forms
So now that we have the basic layout for our front end .
We need to work on the form to create a topic .
You should have something that looks like the following :
Well this currently does not work for what we want to do .
We currently do not create a post when we create a topic , and we currently give users access to options they should not see .
So open up app / views / topics/_form.html.erb .
Your current file should look like :
So we are going to delete the parts with the last_poster_id and last_post_at .
We are also going to add in a text area for the post and some hidden fields .
You will see that I do not use the Rails helpers , and that is just my personal preference .
Your final form should look like :
And it should look like this in your browser :
We will be saving these in our controller .
So , save the view and open up the app / controllers / topic_controller.rb and find the create action .
Edit it so it looks like :
We have added in code to handle creating the post that goes with the topic .
Now to make this easier we are going to delete the index action in our controller .
We are also going to update the update and destroy actions to redirect properly , so change the redirect_to on these two actions to :
Now go ahead and open up app / controllers / posts_controller.rb and delete the index and show actions .
Step 9 - Setting up More Associations
If you noticed that I skipped two associations above , I applaud you on noticing .
The associations we skipped were between users and their posts and topics .
To do this lets first create two migrations and migrate the changes to the database :
Now , to tell ActiveRecord about these associations , open up app / models / user.rb and add the following lines under before_save .
Now open up both app / models / post.rb and app / models / topic.rb and add the following lines :
Now we have the extra associations to continue .
Step 10 - Polishing up the Forums List
So now that have have the basics now , we are going to continue on and polish up the forums listing , after we will continue on and polish the topics list .
Let 's first open up app / models / forum.rb .
We are going to add a new method to help us find the most recent post in a forum .
The method that we are going to add is below :
This method finds the first Topic that has a forum ID of whatever the ID of the forum we called this method upon , and then sorts it by date and returns the value .
So open up the app / views / forums/index.html.erb and find the table cell inside of the loop that has a class of right .
We are going to change it to the following :
This code may look confusing , so I will go through it .
First we reference to the method we added to our model , and see if it returned a record , because we may have a forum without any topics .
Next , if we have a record , we use the date helpers Rails provides to parse the time into readable text .
If we do n't have a record returned , we then output ' no posts . '
Your page should look like :
Now that we have added the date , we are going to add in the link to the user who posted .
Back in the view , change that table cell to look like the following :
Your page should now look like :
Step 11 - Polish the Topic List
So now we are going to head back to our app / views / forums / show.html.erb file .
The title of this step may be a bit confusing due to the fact that we are editing the forum 's show action , but actually working on the Topics list .
Now that you have the file open , find the table cell inside the look with the class of ' right ' again .
We are going to be using the same date helper , and our code will look like :
Now if you open up your browser , you should see :
Step 12 - Working on the Topic View
So now that we have everything in the Forum and Topic lists sorted out , we are going to work on the third major view .
Go ahead and open up app / views / topics / show.html.erb and edit it so it looks more like :
Let 's also add in some styling :
And now viewing a topic will look like this :
Step 13 - User Show Action
When a username is clicked on , we want to show their profile , correct ?
So to do this open up the app / controllers / users_controller.rb and and the show action below :
That is all we will need for this action in our controller .
Now create a file named show .html.erb in app / views / users , and place the following inside :
That simple amount of code will display the user 's topics .
No , there is not a limit here so we would technically show all of the topics by that user .
The most ideal solution would be to create methods to handle this in our User model , but I will not do that here .
Step 14 - Working With Posts
So now that we are almost done , we need to work on the functions to edit a post .
Let 's first open up app / controllers /topics_controller.rb and our view for the show action .
First , on the controller , we are going to delete the edit and update functionality .
You may wonder why , and the reason is that we are not going to allow a user to edit the topic , but rather posts .
Yes , this does not allow a user to change the title of a topic but that is better than writing the extra logic required to edit a topic .
So go ahead and delete those actions , and you can also delete the corresponding views .
Now open up the app / views / topics / show.html.erb file .
First , in the paragraph tag at the bottom , delete the Edit link , the first one in the list .
Then go up to the loop , and before the link to delete the post , we are going to add in a link to edit the post .
The view when we are done should look like :
We also added a reply link for functionality we will add in a minute .
Now , when you click on the link to edit , it should work .
Then if you try and change the post , Rails gives you an error .
Well , we do n't want to have it redirecting where it is currently , so open up app / controllers / posts_controller.rb , scroll down to the create action , and find the line " redirect_to @post . "
We are going to change the line so the final action looks like :
So that code will redirect us now to the show action for the forum id of the post .
We only have one problem though , the create action is not passed the topic_id in the view , so open up app / views / posts /_form.html.erb and add the following line under the error messages .
So now that we also need to update the Topic that we have a new post .
So to do this , we are going to again change the create action to look like :
What we did was after the post was saved , we used the topic_id to find our topic , and then update two columns in our database .
Go ahead and copy those two lines that we added into the same place on our update action , so it looks like :
We also changed the redirect on this one so that it does the same as the create action .
Now go down to the destroy action , and change the redirect to :
Step 15 - Putting the Final Touches on the Forum
Now , we need to do some quick cleaning up in our views for links that are unnecessary or no longer work .
First up , the show action for the forums , so open up app / views / forums / show.html.erb and delete the show and edit links so that the view looks like :
We also need to update the Topic creation method so that it adds in the user_id of our current user , so open up app / controllers / topics_controller.rb and change the Topic.new line to :
We also need to clean up the app / views / forums / index.html.erb file , so go ahead and open it up and delete the show link so the file looks like :
Step 16 - Administrative Functions
Currently , any user can edit , delete , and create anything they want .
So we are going to open up our Application helper in app / helpers/application_helper.rb .
We are going the add in a few extra methods to help us deal with authentication and user levels .
Before the ' end ' tag , add these methods :
These methods allow us is find out if a user is an admin , and owner by passing in the user_id of what we are looking for , and one that handles both .
The method checking for an admin also allows the first user to be an admin automatically .
So we are first going to open up the Forum index.html.erb file .
We are going to add in some extra code now to hide the create , edit , and destroy forum links from anyone but admins .
We are going to wrap each of these links with < % if admin ? %> and <% end %>.
The final code will look like :
Now if you try and reload the page , you will receive and error saying " undefined method `permission_level ' . "
The error is telling you that there is no column named permission_level .
We need to create a migration , so run the following commands to create and migrate the changes :
Now , everything should work properly .
Now , we are going to move onto the show action , so open up app / views / forums / show.html.erb , and edit it to look like the following :
What we did was make the destroy action admin only , and the create topic action logged in only .
Now , we are going to work on the Topic show action , the file being app / views / topics / show.html.erb .
Open it up and edit it so it looks like :
We again just implemented some methods so that unregistered users and users that do not have enough permissions are unalbe to see some links .
Now that we have the links locked down , we are going to lock down the controllers , so first open up app / controllers / forum_controller.rb and at the op right under the class declaration , add :
So , now if you try your application , you will notice that Rails will give us an error , and that is because he have not defined admin_required .
To add this , we are going to define it in our application controller , so open it up and add the following method right before the last end tag :
This says that unless we are an admin , redirect to the home page .
We now are going to continue to our topics controller , just like with the forums contoller , we are going to add some before filters , and this time , add :
So what we are saying is that you must be logged in for every action except index and show , and you must be an admin to access the destroy action .
Next , we are going to work on our posts controller .
This one is going to be a tad more work .
First , add the before filter :
Next , we are going to add in an extra method to our application_controller.rb file to handle this .
Here is the method we are going to add :
This method checks to see if the user_id passed to it equals our current user 's id , or if our current user is an admin .
Back to our posts controller , and edit the actions of edit , update , and destroy so they look like :
Now that we have the authentication done , we have one last step .
Step 17 - Finishing the Application Layout
So now we are going to add a header to our application layout file .
Go ahead an open up app / views / layouts / application .html.erb and add the following right after the body tag :
Now open up our CSS file and add the following line :
Opening up your web browser , you should see something like the following :
Conclusion
I hope you enjoyed this tutorial , and if you made your way through this monstrosity , I commend you !
If you are looking for a forum , this would n't be a bad start , but Beast ( altered_beast in this case ) is a great forum with a really nice and smooth design .
Below is a screen with stats about our program , and it took 276 lines of code ( excluding views ) to build this forum !
Follow us on Twitter , or subscribe to the NETTUTS RSS Feed for more daily web development tuts and articles .
EXTINCTION comes in various ways .
The dodo was done in by sailors who not only killed the birds themselves but also brought to Mauritius animals such as dogs and pigs that plundered their nests .
Przewalski's horse , which once roamed the steppes of Mongolia , is thought to have become too dispersed in the wild to breed .
It was saved from extinction only because there happened to be some specimens in European zoos that were reintroduced to Mongolia in the 1980s .
As efforts to prevent the bluefin tuna suffering a similar fate are increased , some conservationists wonder whether there will still be a breeding population left to save .
Bluefin tuna are a pelagic species : they live in the open waters , far beyond the reach ( and governance ) of individual nations .
They are also one of those predators at the top of the ocean 's food chain , preyed upon mostly by man .
They grow up to four metres ( 12 feet ) in length , weigh as much as 250 kg ( 550 lb ) and , when chasing prey — mostly sardines — can swim at a speed of 70 kph ( 45 mph ) .
They also range widely , traversing the Atlantic Ocean to reach breeding grounds in the Mediterranean Sea .
But what was once known as the common tunny has , over the past few decades , come to be at serious risk of extinction , thanks to overfishing driven by demand from Japan , where bluefin tuna are considered a delicacy and are used in sushi and sashimi .
AFP
Efforts to protect the species have floundered .
Now conservationists are trying a new approach , using the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora , better known by its acronym , CITES .
The convention strictly controls , for example , trade in ivory , in order to protect elephants from poaching .
It has the power to ban any international trade in a species deemed endangered .
But because the convention is an intergovernmental treaty , a member state must propose a species for this status .
On June 5th Monaco did this for bluefin tuna .
On July 16th Nicolas Sarkozy , the French president , announced that France would support the placing of Atlantic and Mediterranean bluefin tuna on the CITES list .
He was joined by Huw Irranca - Davies , Britain 's fisheries minister , who said he would seek American support for the proposal .
As America already thinks the Atlantic bluefin tuna is overfished by Europeans , Mr Irranca - Davies will probably be pushing on an open door .
The proposal therefore looks likely to succeed , though that will not be known for certain until the countries that have signed CITES meet to discuss the proposal in March 2010 .
Yet even if the trade in bluefin tuna were to be halted completely , there would be no guarantee that the species would recover .
Experience with other fisheries , such as the collapse of the cod population of the Grand Banks off Newfoundland in 1992 , has shown that the dynamics of an ecosystem can change when a top predator is removed completely .
Fifteen years later , the northern cod stock has not recovered .
In a study published last year in Conservation Letters , a group of scientists led by Brian MacKenzie , of the Technical University of Denmark , describe how they ran a computer model of the bluefin tuna 's population dynamics .
Their conclusion is that , on current trends , the population in the north - east Atlantic and Mediterranean will collapse because young fish are being caught before they have the chance to breed .
Indeed , the World Wildlife Fund , a nature conservation organisation , reckons that bluefin spawners will be virtually eliminated by 2012 .
As Prince Albert , Monaco 's ruler , wrote in the Wall Street Journal last month , “ The forces of selfishness and stupidity that wiped out the great whales and the northern cod in the last century are steaming ahead at full speed ...
The bluefin tuna is as endangered as the giant panda and the white rhino . ”
Unless a ban is enforced almost immediately , the only examples of the species could be found in large aquariums .
Relax Responsibly
Filmed by our good friend Tommy Tucker , Baltimore 's answer to Robert Palmer , and the soon - to - be newest star of Ace of Cakes .
We use cookies and similar technologies to recognize your visits and preferences , as well as to measure the effectiveness of campaigns and analyze traffic .
To learn more about cookies , including how to disable them , view our Cookie Policy
Carpe diem !
Woof !
I always wanted to be an economist , but I am only a dog .
The phone number of the U.S. Congress is 202-224-3121 .
Call your representatives and bark at them !
Congress.org is also a great way to sound off !
Arf !
Nothing on this site should be construed as investment advice .
You invest at your own risk .
Why not donate a million ?
The straight talking Jesse Ventura hits the nail directly on the head with the problem Sarah Palin 's going to have if she aspires to run for higher office .
KING : All right .
Let 's move to Governor Palin , the former governor , soon to be former Governor Palin .
What do you make of her resigning ?
VENTURA : She 's a quitter .
Let me put it to you this way , Larry ; by not being sexist , She could never make it as a Frog Man or Navy SEAL .
Because if you utter the words in BUDS training , Basic Underwater Demolition SEAL Training , I quit , you 're gone .
I do n't remember one person in my class that quit .
I remember every person I graduated with .
It offends me over the fact that she told the people of Alaska she wanted to be their governor .
And she wanted -- and that 's a four - year commitment .
And now , right in the middle , she quits ?
Well , if she 's got plans of running for higher office , I would never vote for her , because if it gets too hot in the kitchen , she is liable to quit .
KING : Do you think there 's an underlying reason maybe we do n't know ?
VENTURA : Well , I do n't think she was put under anymore scrutiny with the media than I was as an independent .
My children were attacked in Minnesota .
Everything I did was put under the microscope .
But the point is , Larry , you do n't quit .
When you make an obligation and you take an oath , does n't it mean anything anymore ?
World ’s Largest CNC Machine Fabricates Large - Scale Building Prototypes
Using the world ’s largest 3D printer , Shiro Studio architects and D - Shape have joined forces to create this 3x3x3 meter tall prototype of the Radiolaria pavilion .
D - Shape ’s 3 - D stereolithic printer creates models entirely out of artificial sandstone using CAD - CAE modelling technologies and CAD - CAM software to control the plotter .
The printing proceeds in 5 - 10 mm layer segments and , in the end , produces a structure that has strength characteristics reminiscent of standard Portland Cement — without the need for internal reinforcement .
This gives designers greater flexibility with structural shapes .
The final 10 - meter structure is scheduled to be erected in Pontedera , Italy next year , but D - Shape ’s 3 - D printer might be the beginning of a major shift in architectural design .
How long will it be before we move on from machining small scale models ( and cupcakes ) to full - scale buildings ?
[ Dezeen via Fast Company ]
A “ small ” group of protesters gathered outside of the Ed Sullivan Theatre in New York on Monday , calling for the firing of David Letterman over a joke he made about Sarah Palin ’s daughter last week .
Watch .
Wow … Palin just brings out the crazy … ahm …
I mean best , in people , does n’t she ?
Be sure to visit the blog A Conservative Lesbian .
They ’re on a personal crusade to get Letterman fired …
Post by ILO on 06/17/09 at 5:09 pm
Sharing is caring !
9 shares Share
Tweet
Pin
Yummly
Email
If you did n’t know apparently the southern part of the Midwest is in the clutches of a heatwave … and it ’s not burning in my heart .
Did you get that ?
It ’s a little joke .
You know like the song ….. ok maybe it was n’t so great , sorry moving on .
Needless to say it is hot , like really hot , like if you wear shorts and sit on a leather seat or worse pleather seat , you and the seat are sure to become one and in this case it does not end in happly ever after .
Not to mention you may have 1st degree burns .
Well this heat does n’t give me much of a desire to cook .
Especially since my kitchen is so well ventilated ….. NOT !
Unfortunatly in order to say alive we must consume some form of sustanance , which therefore requires me to cook .
In an effort to keep myself and Hubby alive and well norished , while at the same time trying not to pass out from a heat stroke , I came up with this light yet filling dish .
Oh and there is a bounus , it is actally healthy .
I stayed away from anything heavy , starchy , cheesy or fried . 😀
First you want to start with a really good and flavorful tomato .
If you can get your hands on an heirloom tomato and afford it I would go that way .
I LOVE heirloom tomatoes they are soooo delisioso !
Cut the top off of your tomato .
Using a melon baller hallow out the tomato .
I made sure to get all the seeds out to keep it from being watery .
Set tomatoes aside .
Take 1 huge chicken breast or 2 small ones .
I had a HUMONGUS chicken breast .
I think the chicken may have been on roids .
Which is probably not far from the truth .
Dice the chicken breast into 1 inch cubes .
Take one sprig of fresh oregano , remove the leaves and chop .
Add oregano to the chicken .
I finally got a clue to use glass bowls which allow the light to actually hit the chicken .
Durrr !
It kind of looks like it is floating . 🙂
Add 2
Tbs of olive oil , 1 Tbs balsamic vinegar , 1 / 2 tsp of course salt and 3 cloves of garlic .
Give everyone a little poke and a stir and make sure they get to know each other really well .
In other words mix together until chicken is evenly coated .
Toss it all into a skillet , set at a medium heat and cover .
Let it cook about 10 minutes or until done , stirring occasionally .
While the “ pollo ” that means chicken 😀 is in the oven , place your tomatoes , cut side down , on a baking sheet brushed with olive oil .
Drizzle tomatoes with olive oil and balsamic vinegar , sprinkle with salt .
Bake in the oven at 350 degrees for approximately 5 minutes .
You just want the tomatoes to warm and soften just a bit .
When chicken is done , place in a bowl and using your fingers tear the chicken .
Taste the chicken and season with salt and pepper if needed .
Add 3 1/2 Tbs of low fat sour cream .
Add 6 basil leaves torn by hand .
Add 1/4 cup of julienne cut cucumber .
Mix them all up so they get to know each other on a personal level .
Weird ?
By the way I finally got that julienne cutter .
It is pretty sweet .
I took a picture of myself using it but it was REALLY blurry , so maybe next time .
Fill the tomatoes with the “ pollo ” salad and garnish with a basil leaf and tomato top .
Consume .
They are cute right .
Hubby really enjoyed them , which I was really surprised .
I though I was definitely going to get some sort of protest because there was no rice or potatoes with it .
But it was such a hot stinking day I think he appreciated the light meal .
I drizzled mine with just a bit more olive oil and balsamic vinegar because I love the stuff .
Ok let me break it down for you .
Print Recipe
Basil and Balsamic Chicken Salad Stuffed Tomatoes ( serves 2 )
2 large tomatoes
1 large boneless skinless chicken breast
2 table spoons of olive oil
1 Tbs balsamic vinegar
1 spring fresh oregano
3 garlic cloves
1/2 kosher salt
3 1/2 Tbs low fat sour cream
8 basil leaves , ( 2 for garnish )
1/4 cup cucumber , julienne cut
Cut the top off of your tomato .
Using a melon baller hallow out the tomato .
I made sure to get all the seeds out to keep it from being watery .
Set aside your tomatoes .
Take 1 huge chicken breast or 2 small ones .
Dice the chicken breast into 1 inch cubes .
Take one sprig of fresh oregano , remove the leaves and chop .
Add oregano , olive oil , balsamic vinegar , salt and garlic to the chicken .
Mix together until chicken is evenly coated .
Toss it all into a skillet set at a medium heat and cover .
Let it cook about 10 minutes or until done , stirring occasionally .
While the chicken is in the oven , place your tomatoes , cut side down , on a baking sheet brushed with olive oil .
Drizzle tomatoes with olive oil and balsamic vinegar , sprinkle with salt .
Bake in the oven at 350 degrees for approximately 5 minutes .
You just want the tomatoes to warm and soften just a bit .
When chicken is done , place in a bowl and using your fingers tear the chicken .
Taste the chicken and season with salt and pepper if needed .
Add low fat sour cream , 6 basil leaves torn by hand and cucumber .
Combine until evenly coated .
Fill the tomatoes with the chicken salad and garnish with a basil leaf and tomato top .
will appear in ‘s “ . ”
It ’s only a cameo , so that will be probably just the one scene .
This was just the rumor but the first picture of his appearance is now online .
We ’ve got the very first look at Eminem ’s tableside chat with ’s character , a comedian named George Simmons . –
Eminem has only a small role in the film , but rounds out an extremely impressive cast that includesamong the others .
When seasoned comedian George Simmons ( Sandler ) learns of his terminal , inoperable health condition , his desire to form a genuine friendship causes him to take a relatively green performer ( Rogen ) under his wing as his opening act .
The movie both written and directed by Judd Apatow is inspired by his own real life experiences and will be released this summer on July 31st , 2009 .
Posted on by Dennis
In many respects , Catholics and Mormons have similar views on abortion .
In general , both churches are pro-life , although individual Mormons are probably more likely than Catholics , at least in the U.S. , to be pro-life .
Plus a larger number of U.S. Catholics are more likely to emphasize ( Democratic ) legislation and interventions to reduce abortion , rather than ( merely ) emphasize ( with Republicans ) repealing Roe v. Wade .
So , on average , it is probably safe to say that individual Mormons are more conservative than Catholics on the abortion question .
However , in terms of their institutional positions , it is the other way around –the LDS church is more liberal .
These differences are relevant in light of the Catholic church ’s recent automatic excommunications of the family and doctor of a nine - year - old Brazilian girl who received an abortion .
The pregnancy ( twins ) was a result of rape from the girl ’s father ( the girl is not subject to automatic excommunicated because of her age ) .
Two weeks after the decision ( March 2009 ) , the archbishop Jose Cardoso Sobrinho ( who made the ruling ) stepped down , prompting some to wonder whether the Vatican disagreed .
Time Magazine ( above link ) reports , however , that a recent Vatican publication “ unequivocally confirmed automatic excommunication for anyone involved in an abortion — even in such a situation as dire as the Brazilian case . ”
In contrast , the official position of the LDS church is that “ exceptional circumstances may justify an abortion , such as when pregnancy is the result of incest or rape , when the life or health of the mother is judged by competent medical authority to be in serious jeopardy , or when the fetus is known by competent medical authority to have severe defects that will not allow the baby to survive beyond birth . ”
These circumstances do not automatically justify abortion , as “ those who face such circumstances should consider abortion only after consulting with their local Church leaders and receiving a confirmation through earnest prayer . ”
Certainly , the 9 - year old scenario ( quite possibly fitting all four “ exceptional circumstances ” ) would almost certainly receive an exception if it was wanted by the girl and / or her family .
I imagine that in almost any case like this , local leaders would advocate for an immediate abortion as the most humane response .
Moreover , no one would be “ automatically excommunicated . ”
In fact , no one in the LDS church is “ automatically ” excommunicated for any reason , but only as a result of a church trial in which the persons in question , along with witnesses , are able to defend themselves .
Now , I do n’t mean to “ dog ” the Catholic church .
I deeply respect the church in terms of so many things that it does , including its general pro-life position on abortion .
However , I do wish to affirm my belief that Latter - day Saints are ( rightfully ) more flexible and humane in these matters .
The LDS church does not believe that human life must be saved in every single circumstance , no matter how dire .
There simply are other issues that cannot be ignored , such as the respect for a woman ’s right to choose whether to have intercourse , coupled with the crippling trauma of being forced to carry your rapist ’s child .
Email a friend
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Comparative Religion | Tagged : abortion , Archbishop Jose Cardoso Sobrinho , automatic excommunication , Catholic , Catholic abortion position , Catholics , Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints , excommunication , incest , LDS , LDS Church , Mormon abortion position , Mormon Church , Mormons , Pope Benedict XVI , pregnant 9 - year old , pro-choice , pro-life , rape , Vatican |
The Summer Pool Area Upkeep Guide To Help With Maintenance , Pollen , And Plants Posted on : 22 July 2020
As you begin to enjoy your pool this summer , there are some unique problems that you may have to deal with for pool care .
Do you have plants and shrubs around your pool area for privacy ?
These can be great features for your outdoor space but a problem when it comes to maintenance .
The following summer pool area upkeep information will help you deal with maintenance , pollen , and plants that cause problems .
[ Read More ]
Getting The Best Value From Your Pool With Resurfacing Services Posted on : 12 December 2019
If you 're trying to get the best value out of your pool , one of the best things you can do is get it resurfaced .
By looking after the structure of the pool , you will keep it at its best and make sure that it stays durable .
It 'll take you doing some research into pool maintenance and repair , finding the help of some contractors that can do this work , and doing everything that you can to take the best care of your pool .
[ Read More ]
Some Screen Options When You Have Your Pool Enclosure Rescreened Posted on : 7 August 2019
A screen enclosure around your pool allows you to use your pool more often since you 'll be protected from bugs and your UV exposure will be reduced .
However , when the screen is ripped , it does n't do its job .
If your pool enclosure has a damaged screen or is just old and needs to be updated , it 's time to call a pool rescreening company for help .
It might be possible to replace damaged panels , or you may opt to have the entire enclosure rescreened .
[ Read More ]
The Washington Post , which pays money to opinion writers such as Bill Kristol ( smarmy ) and Richard Cohen ( smarmier ) , has fired blogger Dan Froomkin , one of the only WaPo opinion writers who pointed out that the Bush White House was crooked .
Froomkin wrote the " White House Watch " blog and he was extremely " Liberal " because he generally pointed out the Bush administration lied all the time .
( While the rest of the paper 's opinion page supported the Iraq War , etc , they really do suck ) .
Here 's the paper 's shitty explanation :
I think the easiest way to put it is that our editors and research teams are constantly reviewing our columns , blogs and other content to make sure we 're giving readers the most value when they are on our site while balancing the need to make the most of our resources .
Unfortunately , this means that sometimes features must be eliminated , and this time it was the blog that Dan Froomkin freelanced for washingtonpost.com
Translation : the Washington Post has to be even more conservative now with Obama as president or else they wo n't be taken " Seriously , " by assholes .
[ Politico , Wonkette ]
Last year , I wrote about the increasing propensity for governments , including the U.S. and Great Britain , to search the contents of people 's laptops at customs .
What we know is still based on anecdote , as no country has clarified the rules about what their customs officers are and are not allowed to do , and what rights people have .
Companies and individuals have dealt with this problem in several ways , from keeping sensitive data off laptops traveling internationally , to storing the data – encrypted , of course – on websites and then downloading it at the destination .
I have never liked either solution .
I do a lot of work on the road , and need to carry all sorts of data with me all the time .
It 's a lot of data , and downloading it can take a long time .
Also , I like to work on long international flights .
There 's another solution , one that works with whole - disk encryption products like PGP Disk ( I'm on PGP 's advisory board ) , TrueCrypt , and BitLocker : Encrypt the data to a key you do n't know .
It sounds crazy , but stay with me .
Caveat :
Do n't try this at home if you 're not very familiar with whatever encryption product you 're using .
Failure results in a bricked computer .
Do n't blame me .
Step One : Before you board your plane , add another key to your whole - disk encryption ( it'll probably mean adding another " user " ) – and make random .
By " random , " I mean really random :
Pound the keyboard for a while , like a monkey trying to write Shakespeare .
Do n't make it memorable .
Do n't even try to memorize it .
Technically , this key does n't directly encrypt your hard drive .
Instead , it encrypts the key that is used to encrypt your hard drive – that 's how the software allows multiple keys .
So now there are two different users named with two different keys : the one you normally use , and some random one you just invented .
Step Two :
Send that new random key to someone you trust .
Make sure the trusted recipient has it , and make sure it works .
You wo n't be able to recover your hard drive without it .
Step Three : Burn , shred , delete or otherwise destroy all copies of that new random key .
Forget it .
If it was sufficiently random and non-memorable , this should be easy .
Step Four : Board your plane normally and use your computer for the whole flight .
Step Five : Before you land , delete the key you normally use .
At this point , you will not be able to boot your computer .
The only key remaining is the one you forgot in Step Three .
There 's no need to lie to the customs official ; you can even show him a copy of this article if he does n't believe you .
Step Six :
When you 're safely through customs , get that random key back from your confidant , boot your computer and re-add the key you normally use to access your hard drive .
And that 's it .
This is by no means a magic get - through - customs - easily card .
Your computer might be impounded , and you might be taken to court and compelled to reveal who has the random key .
But the purpose of this protocol is n't to prevent all that ; it 's just to deny any possible access to your computer to customs .
You might be delayed .
You might have your computer seized .
( This will cost you any work you did on the flight , but – honestly – at that point that 's the least of your troubles . )
You might be turned back or sent home .
But when you 're back home , you have access to your corporate management , your personal attorneys , your wits after a good night 's sleep , and all the rights you normally have in whatever country you 're now in .
This procedure not only protects you against the warrantless search of your data at the border , it also allows you to deny a customs official your data without having to lie or pretend – which itself is often a crime .
Now the big question :
Who should you send that random key to ?
Certainly it should be someone you trust , but – more importantly – it should be someone with whom you have a privileged relationship .
Depending on the laws in your country , this could be your spouse , your attorney , your business partner or your priest .
In a larger company , the IT department could institutionalize this as a policy , with the help desk acting as the key holder .
You could also send it to yourself , but be careful .
You do n't want to e-mail it to your webmail account , because then you'd be lying when you tell the customs official that there is no possible way you can decrypt the drive .
You could put the key on a USB drive and send it to your destination , but there are potential failure modes .
It could fail to get there in time to be waiting for your arrival , or it might not get there at all .
You could airmail the drive with the key on it to yourself a couple of times , in a couple of different ways , and also fax the key to yourself ... but that 's more work than I want to do when I 'm traveling .
If you only care about the return trip , you can set it up before you return .
Or you can set up an elaborate one - time pad system , with identical lists of keys with you and at home : Destroy each key on the list you have with you as you use it .
Remember that you 'll need to have full - disk encryption , using a product such as PGP Disk , TrueCrypt or BitLocker , already installed and enabled to make this work .
I do n't think we 'll ever get to the point where our computer data is safe when crossing an international border .
Even if countries like the U.S. and Britain clarify their rules and institute privacy protections , there will always be other countries that will exercise greater latitude with their authority .
And sometimes protecting your data means protecting your data from yourself .
\—
Bruce Schneier is chief security technology officer of BT .
His new book is Schneier on Security .
Calpers , the country ’s largest public pension fund with $ 170 billion in assets , announced Thursday it will support a resolution calling on Chevron to examine whether it complies with environmental regulations in Ecuador .
The move comes as the oil giant faces a potential $ 27 billion dollar liability for environmental damage caused by Texaco , a company Chevron ( NYSE : CVX ) acquired in 2001 .
In court filings Texaco has admitted to dumping and spilling billions of gallons of toxic waste and oil in eastern Ecuador ’s Amazon rainforest between 1964 and 1990 .
Calpers ( the California Public Employees ’ Retirement System ) joins two New York funds — the state ’s Common Retirement Fund and the Employees Retirement System of New York City — and public pension funds of Connecticut , Pennsylvania , and Maryland in supporting the resolution .
Together the funds control more than $ 1 billion of Chevron stock .
Calpers owns about $ 600 million worth of shares in the oil major .
“ The CalPERS vote is a significant announcement that puts enormous pressure on Chevron ’s management in the investor community , ” said Dan Orlow , a private American investor who is advising the Amazonian communities .
“ It demonstrates that important pension funds are now lining up against Chevron on Ecuador . ”
Chevron ’s management says it expects an adverse judgment in the case but would appeal .
The potential liability is about one - fifth the current market value of Chevron ( $ 129 billion ) and 87 percent of the price Chevron paid for Texaco .
Chevron ’s annual meeting is scheduled for May 27 at the company ’s headquarters in San Ramon , CA .
The Amazon Defense Coalition , a group that represents the plantiffs , including rainforest communities and indigenous groups , says that indigenous leaders from the affected region are expected to attend and confront Chevron ’s management about Ecuador .
Chevron has carried on costly public relations and lobbying campaign in an effort to block the legal judgment .
Last year it was revealed that Chevron hired former Senate majority leader Trent Lott , former Clinton White House Chief of Staff Mac McLarty , former Democratic senator John Breaux and John McCain fund - raiser Wayne Berman to lobby United States Trade Representative Susan Schwab , key Members of Congress , and Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte to threaten suspending U.S. trade preferences with Ecuador over the law suit .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
07/23/2009
The more things change ...
by Jeremy Hooper
It 's a living .
** Our complete Maggie Gallagher archive
*** The referenced WSJ column [ 6/3/96 ]
Your thoughts
I hope you 've posted links to this article on Facebook 's NOM page .
Nice work !
Posted by : Taylor | Jul 23 , 2009 10:07:01 PM
Well her attitude when caught in a lie or in wrongdoing has n't changed .
Remember when she was caught after being paid by the Bush Administration to promote his " healthy marriage " initiative while as a newspaper columnist .
She was paid tens of thousands of dollars but said she did n't disclose the payments because " she forgot . "
Posted by : a. mcewen | Jul 23 , 2009 11:35:40 PM
The liar has been at it for a while , has n't she .
So , her early hatchet jobs included besmirching the reputation of a class of high school girls with her fabricated " facts " .
Was she working for the WSJ when the news came out about the
Cheney /
Rove administration was paying her " consulting fees " to write favorable articles for them ?
Posted by : Dick Mills | Jul 24 , 2009 12:47:46 AM
Sometimes I wish people like Maggie would get a visible , irritating rash every time they lied .
Something that would flare up with intensity when they 're being willfully dishonest , and only subsides when they start being completely truthful .
It 's mean of me but hey - it 's just a fantasy .
Posted by : Bill S | Jul 25 , 2009 6:07:36 PM
Bill S. In Magaglagher 's case , she does have a tell that should tip everyone off to the fact that she is lying .
It is merely the fact that she is talking .
Every word out of her mouth is a fabricated lie , an exaggeration , or other hyperbole of one sort or another .
But then , that is true of most of the anti-gays .
Posted by : Dick Mills | Jul 26 , 2009 2:18:32 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
For only the second time in recent history , scientists have observed the results of an object plunging into the solar system ’s largest planet .
The object , thought to be an asteroid or comet , left a large dark bruise that can still be seen spreading over Jupiter ’s southern hemisphere , according to Leigh Fletcher , a planetary scientist at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in La Canada - Flintridge .
“ This is an incredible event , ” Fletcher said in an interview .
The last time something like this happened was 15 years ago , when fragments of the Shoemaker - Levy comet plunged into the huge gaseous envelope that makes up most of the planet .
Scientists were able to follow all 20 or so fragments as they entered the outer atmosphere , made up mostly of hydrogen and helium .
Advertisement
This time , the object that hit the planet was not observed .
The first announcement of a new scar on the planet ’s exterior came Sunday from amateur Australian astronomer Anthony Wesley .
As word spread , professional astronomers around the world turned their attention to the planet , which is so large it could hold 1,400 Earths .
At its closest , Jupiter is about 390 million miles from Earth , four times as far as the Earth is from the sun .
Some of the sharpest observations came from the Keck II telescope in Hawaii .
UC Berkeley astronomer Paul Kalas had previously requested viewing time on the telescope and used the opportunity Monday to confirm the amateur observation .
“ We do n’t see other bright features along the same latitude , so this was most likely the result of a single asteroid , not a chain of fragments ” as with Shoemaker - Levy , UC Berkeley astronomer Franck Marchis said in a statement .
Advertisement
The event could help scientists better understand the meteorology on Jupiter , Fletcher said .
The scar was probably a result of the object disturbing high altitude aerosols , or dust particles , in the atmosphere .
When first analyzed , it was about the size of the Pacific Ocean .
Fletcher said Tuesday that the bruise was growing and would probably continue to do so until fading away in a few days or weeks .
Even at its largest , the feature will probably remain a mere blot compared with the planet ’s Great Red Spot , a long - lasting storm that is twice the diameter of Earth .
--
Advertisement
john.johnson@latimes.com
Ultrafast , light - sensitive video cameras are needed for observing high - speed events such as shockwaves , communication between living cells , neural activity , laser surgery and elements of blood analysis .
To catch such elusive moments , a camera must be able to capture millions or billions of images continuously with a very high frame rate .
Conventional cameras are simply not up to the task .
Now , researchers at the UCLA Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science have developed a novel , continuously running camera that captures images roughly a thousand times faster than any existing conventional camera .
In a paper in the April 30 issue of Nature , UCLA Engineering researchers Keisuke Goda , Kevin Tsia and team leader Bahram Jalali describe an entirely new approach to imaging that does not require a traditional CCD ( charge - coupled device ) or CMOS ( complementary metal - oxide semiconductor ) video camera .
Building on more than a decade of research on photonic time stretch , a technique for capturing elusive events , the team has demonstrated a camera that captures images at some 6 million frames per second .
" The most demanding application for high - speed imaging involves fast events that are very rare , rogue events or the proverbial needle in the haystack — in other words , unusual events that carry important information , " said Jalali , a professor of electrical engineering and principal investigator of the project .
One of the applications he envisions for the camera is flow cytometry , a technique used for blood analysis .
Traditional blood analyzers can count cells and extract information about their size , but they cannot take pictures of every cell because no camera is fast and sensitive enough for the job .
At the same time , images of cells are needed to distinguish diseased cells from healthy ones .
Today , pictures are taken manually under a microscope from a very small sample of blood .
But what if you needed to detect the presence of very rare cells that , although few in number , signify the early stages of a disease ?
Circulating tumor cells are a perfect example .
Typically , there are only a handful of them among a billion healthy cells ; yet these cells are precursors to metastasis , the spread of cancer that causes about 90 percent of cancer mortalities .
advertisement
" The chance that one of these cells will happen to be on the small sample of blood viewed under a microscope is negligible , " Jalali said .
" To find these rogue cells — needles in the haystack — you need to analyze billions of cells , the entire haystack .
Ultra - high - speed imaging of cells in flow is a potential solution for detection of rare abnormal cells . "
The new imager operates by capturing each picture with an ultrashort laser pulse — a flash of light only a billionth of a second long .
It then converts each pulse to a serial data stream that resembles the data in a fiber optic network rather than the signal coming out of a camera .
Using a technique known as amplified dispersive Fourier transform , these laser pulses , each containing an entire picture , are amplified and simultaneously stretched in time to the point that they are slow enough to be captured with an electronic digitizer .
The fundamental problem in performing high - speed imaging , Jalali says , is that the camera becomes less and less sensitive at higher and higher speeds .
It is simple to see why :
At high frame rates , there is less time to collect photons in each frame before the signal becomes weaker and more prone to noise .
The new imager overcomes this because it is the first to feature optical image amplification .
" Our serial time - encoded amplified microscopy ( STEAM ) technology enables continuous real - time imaging at a frame rate of more than 6 MHz , a shutter speed of less than 450 ps and an optical image gain of more than 300 — the world 's fastest continuously running camera , useful for studying rapid phenomena in physics , chemistry and biology , " said research co-author Goda , a postdoctoral researcher in the group .
One such phenomenon the group has studied with the new camera is laser ablation , an important technology that is the basis of laser medicine .
The camera can capture laser ablation happening in real time , providing important clues for understanding the process and optimizing its effectiveness .
" Unlike other high - speed imaging methods , our approach does not require cooling of the camera or high - intensity illumination — problems that plague conventional CCD and CMOS cameras , " said Kevin Tsia , a graduate student in the group and a co-author of the research .
The study was funded by the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency ( DARPA ) , the U.S. Department of Defense 's central research and development organization .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Violence in South Africa 's townships has spread as residents protest about what they say is a lack of basic services , such as water and housing .
Police have fired rubber bullets at demonstrators in Johannesburg , the Western Cape and the north - eastern region of Mpumalanga .
In Mpumalanga , there were reports of foreign - owned businesses being looted as foreigners sought police protection .
More than 100 people have been arrested during the past week .
The rising tensions in the townships have revived memories of xenophobic attacks on foreigners last year in which more than 60 people died .
ANALYSIS Jonah Fisher
BBC News , Johannesburg
What we are seeing is a combination of a series of different factors .
South Africa is in the grip of its first recession for 20 years .
People in the townships , the poorest people in South Africa , complain that after 15 years of ANC rule they still do n't have basic housing , electricity or water .
Jacob Zuma put service delivery at the heart of his election campaign and that 's in part why he won a big mandate .
But a lot of people look at the local level ANC and say they need to start delivering , and they will be looking to Mr Zuma to root out the corruption and nepotism which have prevented service delivery being expanded throughout South Africa .
The latest protests over service delivery come less than 100 days after Jacob Zuma took office as president , following a resounding election victory for the governing African National Congress ( ANC ) .
They are a reminder of the impatience felt in the most deprived areas of the country , says BBC world affairs correspondent Peter Biles .
On Tuesday , police cars were stoned in Thokoza near Johannesburg during a demonstration about living conditions that turned violent .
Nearby township Diepsloot saw cars and houses being burnt last week in protest at plans to tear down makeshift shacks to make way for a sewage pipe .
Poverty pledge President Jacob Zuma promised to improve service delivery when he came to power in May , and said fighting poverty was his priority , highlighting the huge economic and social challenges facing South Africa .
However , South Africa announced in June that it was facing its worst recession in 17 years .
Fifteen years after the ANC won its first election , more than one million South Africans still live in shacks , many without access to electricity or running water .
Township reports Foreigners live in fear Zuma 's challenges as president
The gap between rich and poor is also wider than it was 15 years ago , our correspondent says .
The slow provision of replacement housing has long been controversial - nearly three million have been built , but the allocation has been prone to nepotism and corruption .
In addition , the global economic climate has banished any hope of South Africa maintaining record levels of economic growth , and reducing unemployment .
In the midst of this latest unrest , Mr Zuma is embarking upon a tour of the country to thank voters for returning the ANC to power in the elections last April .
Our correspondent says he will now be under even greater pressure to explain how the ANC is going to meet its plethora of election promises .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Molecular modeling of CO2 capture by an ionic liquid membrane .
Separating carbon dioxide from its polluting source , such as the flue gas from a coal - fired power plant , may soon become cleaner and more efficient .
A Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory researcher has developed a screening method that would use ionic liquids – a special type of molten salt that becomes liquid under the boiling point of water ( 100 degrees Celsius ) – to separate carbon dioxide from its source , making it a cleaner , more viable and stable method than what is currently available .
There are major efforts to reduce CO 2 emissions from burning fossil fuel , but before it can be sequestered , it must first be separated from its source , a step known as “ capture . ”
This new technique could significantly enhance the efficiency of the CO 2 capture process .
Currently , the few coal plants with commercial CO2 capture capability all use processes based on chemical absorption with monoethanolamine ( MEA ) , a general - purpose solvent developed by chemists some 75 years ago .
Unfortunately , it is non-selective , corrosive , requires the use of large equipment , and effective only under low to moderate partial pressures of CO 2 .
But the new system overcomes many of these shortcomings .
Chemists recently became interested in ionic liquids because they are solvents with almost no vapor pressure , and do not evaporate , even under high temperature conditions .
Using ionic liquids as a separation solvent has unique advantages over traditional solvents , according to LLNL scientist Amitesh Maiti , whose research appears as the cover article in a recent issue of ChemSusChem , a new journal focused on chemistry and sustainability .
Advantages include high chemical stability ; low corrosion ; almost zero vapor pressure ; supportable on membranes ; and a huge library of ion choices , which can be potentially optimized for CO 2 solubility .
Maiti’s work involved devising a computational strategy that can reliably screen any solvent , including an ionic liquid , for high CO 2 capture efficiency .
“ It ’s a great advantage to have a method that can quickly and accurately compute CO 2 solubility in any solvent , especially under the range of pressures and temperatures as would be found in a coal - fired power plant , ” Maiti said .
“ With ionic liquids serving as the solvent , the process could be a lot cleaner and more accessible than what is used today . ”
Over the last few years several ionic liquids have been experimentally tested to be efficient solvents for CO 2 , providing data that could be useful in optimizing the choice of ionic liquids for CO 2 capture .
“ But each new experiment costs time and money and is often hindered because a specific ionic liquid may not be readily available , ” Maiti said .
“ By creating a computational tool that can decipher ahead of time which ionic liquids work best to separate CO2 , it can be a much more efficient process when field tests are conducted . ”
Maiti developed a quantum - chemistry - based thermodynamic approach to compute the chemical potential of a solute ( CO 2 in this case ) in any solvent at an arbitrary dilution .
He found that this result coupled with an experimentally fitted equation - of - state data for CO 2 can yield accurate solubility values in a large number of solvents , including ionic liquids .
He confirmed this by directly comparing the computed solubility with experimental values that have been gradually accumulating over the last few years .
Next , he used this method to predict new solvent classes that would possess CO 2 solubility nearly two times as high as the most efficient solvents experimentally demonstrated .
“ With the vast choices of ions , we have barely scratched the surface of possibilities , ” Maiti added .
His hope is that the accuracy of the computational method will allow scientists to see useful trends , which could potentially lead to the discovery of practical solvents with significantly higher CO 2 capture efficiency .
Via Physorg.com
Density is good for many different reasons .
But people do n’t make choices about where they live based on people per square acre any more than they base them on area median income .
The choice of where to live , although influenced by test scores , cost of housing , proximity to work and amenities , is often influenced by qualitative not quantitative data .
Through the years I have seen my friends and co-workers following a typical pattern : graduate college , get a job , get married , look for a house , and then start having children .
Find this article interesting ?
Please consider making a gift to support our work .
Sometimes these things do n’t happen in this order but for most educated middle class people in North America these things are frequently on the “ to do ” list one way or another .
But changing the way we think about neighborhoods and plan for growth will open doors to new kinds of housing that is friendly to families and density .
Choosing where to live is usually something that does n’t necessarily coincide very well with these life patterns .
What suites us fine during one period of our life might not fit so well in another .
My colleague Clark Williams - Derry wrote about this problem in one of the Daily Score ’s more popular posts .
What is a person concerned with sustainability to do when the school issue arises ?
And this is especially true for people who have a deep sense of ambivalence about private education versus public education .
Clark agonized over this the way many people do .
I want to live in a dense , lively city but what about the kids ?
Do I really want them playing kick ball in the streets of the Pearl District , Bell Town , or the West End ?
How do we create familiy - oriented housing options that do n’t require huge lots with big houses strung together by miles and miles of highways ?
Portland ’s cottage housing program built these issues right into updates to their land use code to support both density and families .
It makes sense to meet family needs .
The basic idea of courtyard housing is simple .
Build more , smaller units per acre and orient them around common space — space that ’s away from traffic and focused on community .
( Check out this post by Alyse Nelson on courtyards in Copenhagen ) .
The important question is how to make these kinds of developments more appealing and affordable than a typical detached single - family house .
The city held a competition in order to get the most creative minds thinking this through .
The City of Portland also spent time compiling a very useful compendium on the Principles of Child Friendly Housing .
The basics are that housing in compact communities should provide safe and accessible community space and streetscape that allows children the freedom for independent exploration with other kids in the neighborhood .
This should be easy for parents to supervise without being overbearing .
That ’s what I remember being important growing up .
Another proposal cited in the review of Principles of Child Friendly housing is the woonerf .
No it ’s not a new fuzzy mascot for the program .
It is yet another European solution to the challenge of safe streets .
And Seattle is getting it ’s first one ( although people suggested that there are already a few woonerfs in Seattle ) .
A development in the South Lake Union neighborhood will have a woonerf aimed at creating a streetscape scaled to people not cars .
The Portland program cites this idea as yet another way of supporting family friendly housing choices .
The questions Portland ’s design competition posed to entrants were the right ones to achieve family friendly designs :
How can courtyard housing be designed to serve as an attractive option for families with children ?
How can courtyards serve as useable outdoor space while also providing environmental sustainability benefits , act as a setting for community interaction while also respecting privacy needs , or serve as a pedestrian - oriented space while also accommodating cars ?
How can courtyard housing avoid a purely inward focus and contribute to Portland ’s tradition of street - oriented urbanism ?
What made Portland ’s competition so important is that the focus is on the end user not the designer or the code .
As I wrote in a previous post [ link ] the code previously restricted what developers could profitably and legally do in single family neighborhoods .
Here is the winning design :
And here is one of the runners up :
Portland ’s competition got the best thinking about families and neighborhood design to inspire their codes changes for courtyard housing .
This marks a departure from a car - centric and sprawl - friendly mindset that has shaped the last 5 or 6 decades of housing development .
Turning a new leaf is good for families , neighborhoods , communities , our health , our pocketbooks — and kickball too .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A " superpod " of hundreds of dolphins has been captured on film off the coast of Pembrokeshire by conservationists .
Eight volunteer members of the Sea Trust came across the " mile - long wall of dolphins " near the Smalls Lighthouse in the Irish Sea .
The charity 's founder Cliff Benson described the spectacle as " awesome " .
Footage courtesy of the Sea Trust
So , this post is a sort of a follow up to my recent discussion with Robert Congelliere .
It is sort of general advice for creationists ( with maybe a couple of specifics ) .
The first point I want to address is the “ This is a huge obvious hole in the theory of evolution …
I ca n’t believe everyone does n’t see it ” issue .
There are several examples of this in my discussion with Robert , things , that if true , would make evolution a preposterous theory .
Well , the trick is that millions of people have studied this for a living .
Maybe some of them were blinded by adherence to the theory , maybe some of them were not that bright , but most of them are intelligent dedicated people with open minds .
If your flaw is glaringly obvious , odds are really strong that you have misunderstood something , otherwise at least a few of those millions of people would have seen it , and disproving evolution would not make a given scientist a pariah , it would do the opposite .
It would result in instant international fame , pretty much guarantee them the Nobel for biology ( and the attendant million dollar prize ) and give them first crack at any research chair post in the world .
It is an instant massive career builder .
A concrete example of this is the issue ( that Robert thought would be a show stopper ) of transitional forms .
He believed that there were no transitional forms in the fossil record because there were no creatures with half an arm , a stub of a wing , etc .
His standard for a transitional form ended up being a useless bit that was the beginning of forming a useful bit .
In fact , any fossil exhibiting these traits would be a major blow to evolution , as it completely contradicts what evolution predicts , and Robert has misunderstood ( lets not even get into the veins thing… ) .
According to the theory of evolution , every part of a creature has to serve some use as it develops .
Later , after it has been developed , it may cease to be useful ( the appendix ) and become vestigial .
To me , the most interesting thing about that part of the conversation was that I had never even considered that someone might think that was what a transitional form meant , so I did learn something useful ( and in future when people claim there are no transitional forms , at least I will have some clue how they could believe that – no matter how wrong they might be ) .
Next is the ex-atheist argument .
If you say you used to be an atheist but converted to because you were presented with compelling evidence that you can show me , I will hear you out .
If you say that you converted because you “ had a religious experience ” I will ignore you .
Having a feeling is not having evidence of anything , no matter how strong the feeling is .
A third one , and this is huge , is the “ Evolutionist ” argument .
This takes the form of saying that the theory of evolution is wrong because it ca n’t explain how the universe began or how life started .
This just makes rational , educated people angry .
The theory of evolution is and explanation of the variety of life on earth , and how they arose from a very limited variety far back in time .
That is all it explains , and that is all it is supposed to explain .
It is not the story of creation , or the tale of the beginning of the universe .
Science works best when you address a specific question and then figure out the mechanism .
In this case , the predominant theory of the beginning of the universe is the big bang theory .
The primary theory of the beginning of life is abiogenesis ( which has received a great deal more supporting evidence recently ) and the theory of the diversity of life post - abiogenesis ( or whichever theory comes out on top but probably abiogenesis ) is the theory of evolution .
As a result of this , there is no such thing as an “ Evolutionist ” or a “ Darwinist ” , merely people who find the evidence for evolution compelling ( and if you understood the science you would too … I can pretty much guarantee it ) .
Next is the argument that “ Evolution is only a theory ” .
I really do n’t want to get into this one because so many people have in the past , but I will short form it .
Basically , a scientific theory is n’t the same thing as the layman ’s term theory .
A scientific theory is a rigorously tested set of principles that have stood up to everything that has come against it .
In the case of evolution , it is one of the best established theories in existence .
A common statement is that gravity is also a theory , and evolution is as well established , but that is wrong .
We do n’t know the mechanism behind gravity , meaning that gravity is a less exact theory than evolution .
Drop this argument completely , as it fails .
Finally , the bible .
Atheists do n’t believe in the bible .
Any argument that has the bible as it ’s source is going to fail to convince an atheist .
It ’s just that simple .
If you can provide a source that establishes the veracity of the bible that stands up to the peer review process , then we can talk , but if your source for the truth of the bible is the bible itself , then you fail .
I also want to add a brief note about morality .
I do n’t believe that it is impossible to be genuinely moral as a religious person , merely that is much harder to tell who is moral and who is simply acting in what they believe is a moral manner in exchange for a reward and the avoidance of punishment .
Basically , the argument that morals break down without religion is very , very hollow since religion stresses a reward / punishment system for moral behaviour meaning that it is impossible to tell what is motivated by the internal beliefs of the individual .
I guess that ’s it for now .
More to come soon .
" There are three stages required for the performance of a ritually correct circumcision in Jewish law : the removal of the foreskin ; the tearing of the underlying membraene so as to expose the glans completely ; and the sucking away of the blood , m'tsitsah . "
Roger V. Pavey .
The Kindest Cut of All . Bognor Regis , W. Sussex : New Horizon .
1981 . pp. 87-88 .
" The method to be adopted is laid down thus : ' One excises the foreskin , [ that is ] the entire skin covering the glans , so that the corona is laid bare .
Afterwards , one tears with the finger - nail the soft membrane underneath the skin , turning it to the sides until the flesh of the glans appears .
Thereafter , one sucks the membrane until the blood is extracted from the [ more ] remote places , so that no danger [ to the infant ] may ensue ; and any circumciser who does not carry out the sucking procedure is to be removed [ from his office ] . ' . . .
The operation itself , then , consists of three distinct acts : the excision of the prepuce ; the laceration of the mucous membrane covering the glans ; and the sucking of the blood from the interior of the wound . "
Immanuel Jakobovits .
Jewish Medical Ethics : A Comparative and Historical Study of the Jewish Religious Attitude to Medicine and Its Practice .
New York : Bloch Publishing Company .
1959 . pp. 193-194 .
" The baby cried , blood flowed on to his penis and - as the rabbi had predicted - Graham [ the godfather ] did not faint .
The rabbi then bent over the baby and sucked the wound .
I know this sounds awful , but it is part of the Jewish tradition .
It 's supposed to help the healing . "
Jack Shamash .
" My Son on the Cutting Edge . " Independent ( London ) , no .
3,797 ( Thursday , December 17 , 1998 ) : p. R8 .
" And what of the practice of sucking the bleeding penis ?
While condemning the procedure , some physicians contend that it was used to stop bleeding .
47 Not only is there little evidence for this theory , but it was also a largely ineffective method .
Furthermore , even in antiquity , surgeons had better methods to stop bleeding , such as pressure , instruments , and medication .
48 According to Dr. H. Speert ( 1953 ) , Maimonides ' staunchly supported this procedure [ sucking the bleeding penis ] as a prophylactic measure against inflammation . ' "
49 Edward Wallerstein .
Circumcision : An American Health Fallacy .
New York : Springer Publishing Company .
1980 . p. 160 .
" mezizah -- Hebrew term for the third step in the Jewish circumcision ritual , in which the mohel applies his mouth to the freshly circumcised infant 's penis and sucks up the first drops of blood .
In more recent times this procedure has been carried out via a tube , as infections , venereal disease , and tuberculosis , sometimes resulting in the death of the infant , have occurred due to contamination of the wound .
Most Jewish circumcisors today have eliminated this step from the circumcision ritual .
Critics have attributed sadistic and homosexual implications to this practice , while defenders claim that this was simply all that was known during ancient times to stop the bleeding . "
Rosemary Romberg .
Circumcision : The Painful Dilemma .
South Hadley , Massachusetts : Bergin & Garvey , Publishers , Inc. 1985 . p. 395 .
" The traditional practice of metzitzah b'peh , which has its roots in the earliest history of the Jewish people and has survived unchanged to the present time , should be viewed with great respect .
It is spoken of very positively in the Jewish literature on circumcision both as an essential part of the ritual and as a health measure which prevents infection and promotes healing . "
Henry C. Romberg , M.D. Bris Milah : A book about the Jewish ritual of circumcision .
Jerusalem / New York : Feldheim Publishers .
1982 . pp. 57 -58 .
The New York Rangers have found a team for Scott Gomez , trading the center to the Montreal Canadiens .
The Rangers sent Gomez , forward Tom Pyatt and defenseman Mike Busto to the Canadiens in exchange for forward Chris Higgins and defensemen Doug Janik , Ryan McDonagh and Pavel Valentenko .
Scott Gomez , who has the 6th - highest cap hit in the NHL in 2009 - 10 , joined a Montreal squad that is in the midst of a transition to a defensive style .
Dave Sandford / NHLI / Getty Images
" Well we think Higgins is a goal scorer and we 're very happy to have him , " Rangers general manager Glen Sather said .
" McDonagh is certainly a player that 's going to play in the NHL as well as Valentenko .
We got two good prospects in this deal .
It gives us some options tomorrow when free agency comes along .
I think there 's going to be quite a few options available . "
The Rangers have been trying to deal Gomez since their season ended .
The 29 - year - old Alaskan , whose career - high point total was 84 in 2005 - 06 with the Devils , dipped to 58 points last season ( 16 goals , 42 assists ) in 77 games while earning $ 8 million .
It was his lowest offensive output since 2002 - 03 in New Jersey .
" I think Scott 's a very good player , " Sather said .
" He 's a really good guy .
He worked hard .
He was exceptional with the team and in the dressing room .
I have no complaints about him .
He 's a terrific guy and he 'll do well in Montreal . "
Gomez has five years and $ 33.5 million left on his deal -- $ 8 million next season , $ 8 million in 2010 - 11 , $ 7.5 million in 2011 - 12 , $ 5.5 million in 2012 - 13 and $ 4.5 million in 2013 - 14 .
Gomez 's cap hit of $ 7.37 for 2009 - 10 is the sixth - highest in the league .
After winning two Stanley Cup titles with the Devils , Gomez was part of the Rangers ' rebuilding program when he signed his big deal the same day fellow center Chris Drury left the Buffalo Sabres for a lucrative contract with New York .
" He is an outstanding playmaker and an excellent skater , " Canadiens general manager Bob Gainey said in a statement .
" He brings to our team a lot of playoff experience .
Scott is an elite player who will certainly contribute to the success of our team for years to come . "
By removing Gomez 's deal from the team , Sather has freed up cap space that could be used to acquire a primary scorer .
" It gives us a lot more options or availability to do other things , " Sather said .
" We 're not up against the cap now .
We 've got lots of cap room .
It just makes the options more inviting to us .
Now , I 'm not sure what 's going to happen .
We also have some depth with some of the kids we have in the minors and we wanted to make some room for those guys . "
Ottawa Senators forward Dany Heatley , a natural goal scorer , has asked to be traded and could possibly land in New York .
Forwards Marian Hossa and Marian Gaborik are also attractive options that could be available on the free - agent market Wednesday .
" Since this deal has happened , I 've had three calls , " Sather said of potential trades .
" It does n't take very long for people to recognize that you 're going to make some changes . "
Higgins , 26 , is a restricted free agent .
He also disappointed last season , putting up only 23 points in 57 games .
While he is unsigned , Higgins will still come at a cheaper cost than Gomez .
He earned $ 1.7 million in his final season with Montreal .
In 282 NHL games , all with the Canadiens , Higgins has 84 goals and 67 assists .
" I did n't expect to be traded , " he said .
" I heard my name thrown around ever since I 've played in Montreal .
You never think it 's actually going to happen .
You always think it 's just somebody in the Montreal media making something up .
" When it happened , I was absolutely thrilled .
If there was one place I would play besides Montreal , it would be with the Rangers in front of my family and friends . "
Higgins scored a career - high 27 goals in the 2007 - 08 season when he played in all 82 games .
" I suppose it wo n't be any more pressure than I had playing in Montreal , " Higgins said .
" Everybody is well aware of the pressure that comes with playing up there .
I 've grown up here .
I know what the Rangers fans are all about .
I know they are very hard on their players , and I expect no different than the last four years I had in Montreal . "
Information from ESPN.com 's Pierre LeBrun and The Associated Press was used in this report .
JANNAT ABAD , Iran ( Reuters ) - A Tupolev aircraft crashed in Iran on Wednesday on its way to Armenia after catching fire in mid-air and plowing into farmland , killing all 168 people on board just 16 minutes after take - off .
In the worst crash in Iran for six years , the Russian - built Caspian Airlines plane left only scattered bits of incinerated metal and fragments of the bodies of 153 passengers and 15 crew across a wide area around a deep smoking crater in the ground .
The Tu-154 plane , flying to Armenia ’s capital Yerevan from Tehran , crashed near the northwestern city of Qazvin shortly before noon ( 0730 GMT ) .
Officials said they would not know why it crashed until the black box flight recorders have been found .
Eight members of Iran ’s national junior judo team and two coaches were among the dead as well as a former Iranian MP representing Iran ’s Armenian minority and , reportedly , the wife of the head of Georgia ’s diplomatic mission in Iran .
“ I saw a finger of a passenger on the ground .
There is no sign of the airplane , just small pieces of metal , ” said a Reuters witness .
“ I do not see even a complete leg or arm . ”
Weeping relatives and friends gathered at Yerevan airport where a notice on a wall listed people who were on board .
Doctors treated relatives for shock and heart problems .
Six Armenian and two Georgian citizens were on board , the deputy head of the Armenian civilian aviation authority Arsen Poghosyan told a media briefing at Yerevan Airport .
Two crew and 29 passengers were Iranian citizens with ethnic Armenian backgrounds , he said .
Iran is home to some 100,000 ethnic Armenianns , many of whom frequently fly between Tehran and Yerevan to visit relatives .
Fina Karapetian , an Armenian in her 30s , said her sister and two nephews , 11 and 6 , were on board the crashed plane .
“ I heard everyone in the aircraft has died .
What will I do without Armen and Vahe ? ” she said , before fainting .
TOTALLY DESTROYED
Security forces held back distraught relatives who tried to break through the cordon at the site to find loved ones ’ bodies .
“ The Tupolev plane has been totally destroyed and the corpses , unfortunately , have been totally burned and destroyed , ” Qazvin police commander Massoud Jafarinasab told semi-official Fars news agency .
A local official said the aircraft had technical problems and tried to make an emergency landing .
“ Unfortunately the plane caught fire in the air and it crashed , ” he told Fars .
Slideshow ( 29 images )
One witness said he had seen the plane on fire in the air , trying to land .
“ It made circles in the air .
Then I heard an explosion , ” Mostafa Babashahverdi , a farmer , told Reuters .
“ We found severed heads , fingers and passports of the passengers , ” he said .
State radio said the pilot had made no mention of any technical problem in a taped conversation with a control tower .
Slideshow ( 29 images )
Search teams picked through a wide area of 200 sq meters at the crash site about 150 kilometers ( 93 miles ) north of Tehran .
“ What rescuers found was bodies all ripped apart , ” a team member said .
“ We are just collecting smashed flesh in bags . ”
Gocha Gvaramadze , an official from the Georgian embassy in Armenia , told Rustavi - 2 television channel , “ As far as we know , there were two Georgian citizens onboard .
One was our embassy ’s financial manager and another -- a wife of the head of Georgia ’s diplomatic mission in Iran . ”
Yerevan airport officials said an aircraft would take relatives to visit the site .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has ordered a special task force to investigate the crash .
Armenia ’s President Serzh Sarksyan declared by decree that July 16 will be a national day of mourning for the crash victims .
U.S. sanctions bar the sale of Boeing aircraft to Iran and hinder the Islamic republic buying other aircraft or spares from the West , many of which rely on U.S. - built engines and parts .
Air safety experts have said Iran has a poor record , with a string of crashes in the past few decades -- many involving Russian - made aircraft .
It was the third deadly crash of a Tupolev Tu-154 in Iran since 2002 .
It was the deadliest crash since 2003 when an Ilyushin Il - 76 , also Russian built , crashed into an Iranian mountain .
Tehran - based Caspian Airlines was set up in 1993 and flies an all - Tupolev fleet linking Iranian cities and also routes to the United Arab Emirates , Ukraine and Armenia .
Visit South Walton
In 2012 , Visit South Walton partnered with Zehnder to help market South Walton , Florida and its 16 beach neighborhoods .
If you know the neighborhoods that comprise South Walton , then you know that their offerings and attractions are expansive — including eclectic restaurants and boutiques , biking and running trails , upscale spas and sugar - white sand beaches .
Zehnder ’s job is to help market all of these attractions that make up the unmatched experience that is South Walton .
Suncoast is experienced in Site Development in Hillsborough , Pinellas and Manatee Counties and will bring together all of the elements of an qualified development team , including Architects , Engineers and Environmental Consultants .
Site Development is a involved process that requires a good deal of work at the very early stages , particularly if the site has not yet been purchased and there is limited time to complete your Due Diligence .
In the initial stages , it is important to determine if the zoning is correct or if it can be changed ; if there are any environmental issues , such as wetlands that may limit the buildable area of the site and , it is important to understand that wetlands are not always wet ; a site may require other studies , such as archeological surveys , traffic studies and historical investigation and there are basic design considerations that need to be verified .
Once through the due diligence , then the real design work can begin , bringing together architects , engineers and landscape architects and moving through the local municipality ’s processes , until permits can be issued and the site can be built .
When Hugo Chávez makes a personal appeal to Washington for help , as he did 11 days ago , it raises serious questions about the signals that President Barack Obama is sending to the hemisphere 's most dangerous dictator .
At issue is Mr. Chávez 's determination to restore deposed Honduran president Manuel Zelaya to power through multilateral pressure .
His phone call to a State Department official showed that his campaign was not going well and that he thought he could get U.S. help .
This ...
Billionen Euro und Dollar setzen die Politiker gegen die Wirtschaftskrise ein .
Wissen sie , was sie da tun ?
Nein , sagt Eric Hobsbawm , einer der wichtigsten Historiker der Gegenwart .
Schlimmer noch als die Große Depression , die er vor 80 Jahren in Berlin miterlebte , sei der Zusammenbruch heute .
Er hat Angst , dass der Kapitalismus sich über eine fürchterliche Katastrophe rettet .
Herr Hobsbawm , Sie haben das Verschwinden von vielen Systemen erlebt : den Untergang der Weimarer Republik , die Zerschlagung des Faschismus , das Absterben der DDR , den Kollaps des Kommunismus und nun …
Wenn
Sie das so aufzählen , merke ich , dass ich fast so etwas wie ein Museumsobjekt bin .
Als ich ein Kind war , war der König von England auch noch der Kaiser von Indien , die Welt bestand zum großen Teil aus Monarchien , Kaiser - und Kolonialreichen .
Und fast alle sind flöten gegangen .
Und nun erleben
Sie vielleicht auch noch das : das Ende des Kapitalismus .
Nein , ich glaube nicht , dass ich dieses Ende , über das ich mich freuen würde , noch erlebe .
Als Historiker weiß ich aber , dass es keine Dauerlösungen gibt .
Auch der Kapitalismus , egal , wie zäh er ist und wie sehr er auch in den Köpfen der Menschen als etwas Unabänderliches erscheint , er wird verschwinden , früher oder später .
Klar , dass
Sie das so sehen müssen .
Wieso denn ?
Sie als alter Marxist , der hier in London in Rufweite vom Grab von Karl Marx lebt .
Spotten Sie nicht .
Dass ich Marxist geworden bin , liegt an meinen persönlichen Erfahrungen in den 30er Jahren , in der Großen Depression .
Sie lebten damals in Berlin , Sie wissen also , was das heißt : Krise .
Ich habe als junger Mensch zwischen Schule und Straßenkämpfen mitbekommen , was es bedeutet , wenn Arbeitslosigkeit sich durch die Gesellschaft frisst .
Das ist wie eine alles zersetzende Krankheit .
Die Angst kroch in das Bürgertum .
Mir war damals klar , dass wir auf der " Titanic " sind und dass wir bald den Eisberg rammen würden .
Das einzig Ungewisse war , was passieren würde , wenn es so weit ist .
Wer würde ein neues Schiff bereitstellen ?
Sie wussten , dass ein System zu Ende gehen würde ?
Ja .
Ich lebte in einer Welt , an deren Fortbestand keiner mehr glaubte .
Eigentlich war ich literarisch interessiert , ein Schöngeist eben .
Aber das war unmöglich 1931 / 32 in Berlin , man wurde politisiert , ich wurde Mitglied des Sozialistischen Schülerbunds .
Die Krise war wie ein Vulkan , der politische Eruptionen hervorrief .
Vor der letzten Reichstagswahl habe ich noch Flugblätter verteilt , es war gefährlich , aber für mich als Jugendlichen war da auch so ein Element von Indianerspielen , wie bei Karl May , dabei .
Am 25 .
Januar 1933 organisierte die KPD ihre letzte legale Demonstration , einen Massenmarsch durch die dämmrigen Straßen Berlins zum Karl - Liebknecht - Haus .
Wir sangen Lieder wie " Der kleine Trompeter " , auch ein Lied über die Bauernkriege , " Wir sind des Geyers schwarzer Haufen " , die " Internationale " , es war da ein kollektives Hochgefühl , Massenekstase trotz Zukunftsangst .
Als Hitler an die Macht kam , da …
Als er am 30 .
Januar 1933 zum Reichskanzler ernannt wurde , es war ein kalter Tag , auf dem Heimweg von der Schule mit meiner Schwester las ich die Schlagzeilen , ich kann sie immer noch , wie im Traum , vor mir sehen .
Ja , ich habe es gespürt : Das ist ein historischer Wendepunkt .
Und jetzt ?
Stehen wir wieder an einem Wendepunkt ?
Ich denke , ja. Der 15 .
September 2008 , der Tag , an dem die Lehman - Bank zusammenbrach , wird den Lauf der Geschichte mehr verändern als der 11 .
September 2001 , als die Türme des World Trade Centers zusammenbrachen .
Riskieren
Sie doch mal einen Blick in die Zukunft .
Wir Historiker sind keine Propheten .
Ich kann nur sagen :
Wir kommen wohl noch nicht an den Jüngsten Tag.
Aber Teile der
Welt können untergehen .
Warum bloß ?
Zunächst mal : Mir , der ich die Große Depression miterlebt habe , fällt es immer noch unfassbar schwer zu verstehen , wieso die Ideologen der entfesselten Marktwirtschaft , deren Vorgänger schon einmal so eine fürchterliche Katastrophe , also Armut , Elend , Arbeitslosigkeit , letztendlich auch den Weltkrieg mitverursacht haben , in den späten Siebzigern , den 80er , 90er Jahren des vergangenen Jahrhunderts wieder das Sagen haben konnten .
Warum ?
Wie erklären Sie sich das ?
Der Mensch hat ein unglaublich kurzes Gedächtnis .
Wir Historiker schreiben die Verbrechen und den Wahnsinn der Menschheit auf , wir erinnern an das , was viele Menschen vergessen wollen .
Aber fast nichts wird aus der Geschichte gelernt .
Das rächt sich nun .
In den letzten 30 , 40 Jahren wurde eine rationale Analyse des Kapitalismus systematisch verweigert .
Wir haben jede Menge Wirtschaftswissenschaftler , Experten , die den ganzen Tag nichts anderes tun .
Wir haben vor allem Theologen des Marktes mit einem kindlichkindischen Glauben , dass der Markt alles von allein regeln wird .
Sie verschließen die Augen vor der Wirklichkeit , das macht sie so gefährlich für die Menschheit .
In den vergangenen Jahren weigerten sie sich einfach , die Krisen , die sich immer mehr aufbauten , überhaupt wahrzunehmen .
Verblendete .
Ignoranten .
Zur Person Eric Hobsbawm , 1917 in Alexandria , Ägypten , geboren , ist einer der letzten Universalgelehrten der Welt .
Der Sohn eines Engländers und einer Österreicherin erlebte in den frühen 1930er Jahren als Schüler in Berlin die um sich greifende Arbeitslosigkeit , die ihn zum " lebenslänglichen Marxisten " machte .
Kurz nach Hitlers Ernennung zum Reichskanzler emigrierte er nach England ; später lehrte er in Cambridge , Paris , Stanford , am MIT in Boston und an der University of London .
Zu seinen Werken , die weltweit verlegt werden , gehört " Das Zeitalter der Extreme " oder seine Biografie " Gefährliche Zeiten " .
Hobsbawm , den die britische Königin zum " Companion of Honour " ernannte , lebt mit seiner Frau in London .
Manche in den USA sprachen - ganz euphorisiert - vom Ende der Geschichte .
Gab es denn gar keinen Grund für diesen Optimismus ?
Nein. 40 Prozent der Weltbevölkerung leben von einem Dollar am Tag .
Das ist doch keine Basis für eine stabile Gesellschaftsordnung .
Von wegen Ende der Geschichte .
Die Krisen wurden am Rand immer größer und immer dramatischer .
Bei uns im Zentrum kamen sie gelegentlich als Börsenkräche an , die bald wieder repariert waren , das Spiel konnte weitergehen .
Das Spiel ist aus .
Ja , das kann man wohl so sagen .
Diese Krise hat eine völlig neue Qualität .
Das Einzige , an dem sich die Politiker ein wenig orientieren können , ist die Zeit zwischen 1929 und 1933 .
Nun haben wir , sagt die " New York Times " , sogar eine Krise , die womöglich dramatischer ist als die der Großen Depression .
Und diese Depression damals sei erst durch den Weltkrieg bereinigt worden .
Roosevelts heute so gefeierter New Deal hat die Krise tatsächlich nicht beendet , er verhinderte allenfalls politische und soziale Aufstände in den USA .
Niemand bekam in den 1930er Jahren die Krise wirklich in den Griff .
Und heute - obwohl sich Geschichte nicht wiederholt - ist es ähnlich dramatisch wie damals , nein schlimmer : Keine Regierung weiß , was sie tun soll .
Wie bitte ?
US - Präsident Barack Obama pumpt Billionen Dollar in die Wirtschaft , Angela Merkel und die Bundesregierung legen milliardenschwere Konjunkturprogramme auf , auf dem G - 20 - Gipfel haben sie erklärt :
Wir halten zusammen !
Wir wissen , was wir tun !
Haben Sie das Gefühl , die wissen wirklich , was sie tun ?
Stecken da Konzepte , Analysen dahinter ?
Nein , aufgeschreckt wie Krankenschwestern eilen die Politiker ans Bett des Kapitalismus und tun so , als ob sie etwas täten .
Sie wissen nicht , wohin sie gehen ?
Ja , und das macht die Sache so schrecklich ungemütlich :
Sie wissen einfach nicht , was sie tun sollen !
Was wir im Augenblick erleben , ist ja etwas , was es nach der radikalen Moraltheologie des Marktes gar nicht geben kann und darf , es ist also etwas , was das Denkvermögen der Akteure sprengt .
Wie ein blinder Mann , der durch ein Labyrinth zu gehen versucht , klopfen sie mit verschiedenen Stöcken die Wände ab , ganz verzweifelt , und sie hoffen , dass sie so irgendwann den Ausgang finden .
Aber ihre Werkzeuge funktionieren nicht .
Der frühere französische Premierminister Laurent Fabius fürchtet " soziale Revolten " , und die , meint die SPD - Präsidentschaftskandidatin Gesine Schwan , könnten zu einer Gefahr für die Demokratie werden .
Alles ist möglich .
Inflation , Deflation , Hyperinflation .
Wie reagieren die Menschen , wenn alle Sicherheiten verschwinden , sie aus ihrem Leben hinausgeworfen , ihre Lebensentwürfe brutal zerstört werden ?
Meine geschichtliche
Erfahrung sagt mir , dass wir uns - ich kann das nicht ausschließen - auf eine Tragödie zubewegen .
Es wird Blut fließen , mehr als das , viel Blut , das Leid der Menschen wird zunehmen , auch die Zahl der Flüchtlinge .
Und noch etwas möchte ich nicht ausschließen : einen Krieg , der dann zum Weltkrieg werden würde - zwischen den USA und China .
Das ist doch Unsinn .
Nein .
Okay , das ist doch einfach absurd , dieser Gedanke !
Nein .
Im Augenblick , das gebe ich gern zu , erscheint dieses Szenario sehr unwahrscheinlich .
Im Augenblick scheinen sich China und die USA zu ergänzen , ja sich sogar zu stützen , sie erscheinen geradezu komplementär .
Doch im pazifischen wie im asiatischen Raum wird ihr Konkurrenzkampf immer härter .
Es gibt keine Basis für eine dauerhafte Freundschaft zwischen diesen beiden Großmächten .
Hören
Sie doch bitte auf mit Ihrem Pessimismus !
Ob es Ihnen passt oder nicht :
Es gibt wenig Grund , hoffnungsvoll in die Zukunft zu blicken !
Im 19 .
Jahrhundert glaubten die Menschen , es gehe stets aufwärts , vorwärts , man werde zivilisierter , man werde gebildeter .
Die Leute lernten lesen , schreiben , sie glaubten , es gehe nicht nur materiell , sondern gleichzeitig auch moralisch voran .
Man konnte optimistisch sein .
Aber dann kam 1914 .
Und da hört das alles auf .
Ein schreckliches , ein extremes Zeitalter beginnt : Mehr Menschen als jemals zuvor wurden im 20 .
Jahrhundert in Kriegen oder auf Weisung und mit staatlicher Erlaubnis ermordet .
Die Folter , die im Westen offiziell abgeschafft worden war - ein dramatischer Fortschritt in der Menschheitsgeschichte - , sie kam zurück !
Und wurde am Anfang des neuen Jahrtausends durch die USA wieder zu einem staatlichen Mittel der Befragung !
Die Barbarei schreitet voran .
Anerkannte Werte der Zivilisation werden plötzlich wieder aberkannt .
So wie Sie reden , kann man nur sagen : Der Mensch ist blöd .
Sehen Sie , materiell hat sich die Welt für sehr viele Menschen verbessert .
Man ist größer , lebt länger , man ist gesünder .
Aber geistig , politisch , moralisch - da kommt der Mensch nicht hinterher , vielleicht entwickelt er sich sogar im Augenblick noch weiter zurück .
Was sind die Werte des Lebens ?
Warum leben wir ?
Wozu ?
Was ist Ihre Antwort ?
Tja , ich könnte nun fragen , warum hält der Mensch an einem System fest , das regelmäßig die fürchterlichsten Katastrophen produziert ?
Das die Umwelt ausbeutet und zerstört , den
Ast also absägt , auf dem er sitzt ?
Und jetzt brechen und knacken überall die Äste .
Vielleicht wird die Menschheit noch bedauern , dass sie nicht auf Rosa Luxemburg gehört hat : Sozialismus oder Barbarei .
Ich bitte Sie : Es waren
Ihre politischen Freunde , die Erben Lenins , die den Gegenentwurf zum Kapitalismus zertrümmert , den Gedanken an die Utopie zerstört haben .
Ja , das stimmt .
Und das rächt sich nun .
Denn nun , wo wir es wirklich brauchten , gibt es kein Gegenprojekt für die Menschheit !
Das ist fatal .
" Unverantwortliche Banker " , sagt die Kanzlerin , " hemmungslose Gier " , erklärt der Bundespräsident , hätten die Grundlagen des Gemeinwesens verzockt .
Mich erinnert das an mittelalterliche Deutungsversuche .
Gab es früher eine Dürre , hieß es : Wir haben gesündigt , Gott straft uns dafür .
Und nun soll wieder eine Todsünde , Gier , schuldig am Schlamassel sein - der strafende Gott ist nun der strafende Markt !
Die Politiker müssen so reden , sie können ja wohl schlecht zugeben , dass nicht der einzelne Mensch , sondern das System an sich falsch ist .
Der Markt ist nicht moralisch .
Die reine Marktwirtschaft ist auf Habgier aufgebaut - und auf sonst gar nichts , das ist das System .
Vielleicht ist es einfach so : Der Mensch ist habgierig - fertig , aus , Nikolaus .
Nein. Nein .
Auch Karl Marx hat ja nie gegen gierige Kapitalisten argumentiert , er war gegen ein System , das notwendigerweise Habgier schafft .
Der Mensch , mein fester Glaube , kann anders sein .
Aber im Kapitalismus sucht jeder seinen Vorteil , jeder ist dazu verdammt , sonst geht er unter .
Die Banker , sagen Sie , haben also nichts übertrieben ?
Sie haben sich absolut systemimmanent verhalten .
Profit .
Gewinn .
Maximales Wirtschaftswachstum .
Die marktradikalen Theorien sind ja wunderbar - wenn man von der Wirklichkeit absieht .
Man konstruiert sich ein System , nennt es Freiheit , und in der Theorie funktioniert es : Jedermann , jeder Mensch , jede Firma sucht für sich den Vorteil , den rational kalkulierbaren Vorteil , und der Markt , jenseits des menschlichen Urteils , regelt alles zum Guten .
Eine primitive Ideologie .
Das Wissen von Leuten jedoch , die den Kapitalismus analysiert und verstanden hatten , wurde dagegen verspottet und vergessen : Leute wie Marx und Schumpeter wussten , dass der Kapitalismus etwas Instabiles ist , dass er sich entwickelt und revolutionär voranschreitet , aber auch zwangsläufig zusammenbricht , dass er stets anfällig ist für Krisen von unterschiedlicher Dauer und bisweilen großer Heftigkeit .
Und nun rufen selbst die ungestümsten Freunde der Marktwirtschaft nach dem Staat .
Ja , das ist doch eine nette Ironie der Geschichte .
Und Sie freuen sich , recht zu haben .
Ich empfinde eine gewisse Schadenfreude , ja .
Ähnlich empfand Karl Marx 1857 in einer Krise , er amüsierte sich : " Dass die Kapitalisten nun überall von den Regierungen öffentliche Unterstützung verlangen , ist schön . "
Ja , und sie glauben auch nun , dass nach einer kurzen Zeit des staatlichen Eingriffes alles wieder zum Alten zurückkehren werde .
Aber das wird nicht passieren .
Warum denn nicht ?
Es ist ganz einfach : Entweder hören wir mit der Ideologie des grenzenlosen Wachstums auf , oder es passiert eine schreckliche Katastrophe .
Entweder wandelt sich die Gesellschaft , scheitert aber dieser Versuch , dann kommt die Finsternis .
Heute geht es um das Überleben der Menschheit .
Sie mögen es dramatisch .
Nein .
Die Menschheit kann nicht zum Laisser - faire - Kapitalismus der letzten Jahrzehnte zurückkehren .
Die Zukunft kann keine Fortsetzung der Vergangenheit oder auch der Gegenwart sein .
Die Lösung liegt in der richtigen Kombination aus Markt und Staat .
Das könnte auch der Marktradikale Guido Westerwelle sagen , genau so !
Nein .
Es kann so nicht weitergehen .
Wir werden Gesellschaften bekommen müssen , in denen der Staat wieder eine größere Rolle , eine viel größere Rolle spielt .
Und das ist alles ?
Anders geht es im Moment nicht , oder soll ich auf die große Revolution hoffen ?
Nein , die Zeit drängt .
Die Welt riskiert im Augenblick eine Explosion wie eine Implosion .
Sie muss sich also ändern .
Aber danach sieht es nicht aus : Mit der Abwrackprämie etwa hier in Deutschland wird die Wegwerfgesellschaft sogar noch staatlich subventioniert .
Die Politiker sind Gefangene des alten Denkens , das ist beängstigend .
Womöglich kann sich der Kapitalismus tatsächlich nur durch eine Riesenkatastrophe retten , wie es Schumpeter nennen würde , durch eine " kreative Zerstörung " .
Ich möchte das nicht , aber sehen Sie , die Schäden und Zerstörungen nach dem Zweiten Weltkrieg waren ein ungeheurer Ansporn zum Aufbau .
Sie sind ein Apokalyptiker .
Ich stelle nur fest : Keiner kann wissen , wie wir aus der Krise kommen , denn so etwas wie heute hat es noch nie gegeben .
Und noch etwas kommt hinzu : Die Weltwirtschaft verschiebt sich vom Westen , ihrem historischen Zentrum , in ein neues Zentrum , nach Asien - ein Vorgang , der schon in normalen Zeiten für unruhige Zustände sorgen würde .
Was mich beunruhigt :
Es herrscht - angesichts der Herausforderungen - eine Dürre des Denkens , eine Art intellektuelle Wortlosigkeit .
Ja , Sie haben recht .
Es fehlen heute Leute und Denker wie Keynes , der in den Dreißigern so weitsichtig war , dass es ihm gelang , den Kapitalismus zu bändigen .
Er wollte den Kapitalismus nicht überwinden , er wollte ihn stabilisieren , er wollte ihn retten .
Er sagte ganz offen : " Meine Klasse ist das gebildete Bürgertum , und ich möchte eine Welt , in der es Leuten wie mir gut geht .
Aber das heißt , es muss den anderen auch gut gehen . "
Also :
Was ist zu tun ?
Ich sehe nur einen
Weg aus dem Dilemma , der aber setzt eine fundamentale Bewusstseinsveränderung voraus , er ist ein internationales , ein Riesenprojekt : die Welt gegen die Umweltgefahr sicherer machen .
Das würde helfen , die Wirtschaft anzukurbeln , aber es wäre auch ein Projekt , das man gegen die Marktkräfte durchsetzen müsste .
Mein Gott , für einen alten Marxisten hören
Sie sich sehr bescheiden an !
Ja .
Ich bin nun 92 Jahre alt , lebe von einem
Tag auf den anderen , aber meine Utopie ist schon noch die vom alten Marx , dass der Mensch das höchste Wesen für den Menschen sei , " also mit dem kategorischen Imperativ , alle Verhältnisse umzuwerfen , in denen der Mensch ein erniedrigtes , ein geknechtetes , ein verlassenes , ein verächtliches Wesen ist " .
Irgendwo in meinem Innern schlummert noch immer der Traum der Oktoberrevolution .
" Alle Revolutionen " , sagte aber Ihr Marx , " haben bisher nur eins bewiesen , nämlich dass sich vieles ändern lässt , bloß nicht die Menschen . "
Das stimmt .
Aber eine große
Sache ist es dennoch , dieses Prinzip Hoffnung .
Auch wenn die ideale Gesellschaft , wie Max Weber glaubte , jenseits unserer Möglichkeiten liegt , ist nichts Ernsthaftes in der Politik zu erreichen , wenn man nicht an sie glaubt .
Der Mensch hat die Anlagen zum Guten wie zum Schlechten - und wie er sich benimmt , das kann man wohl ändern !
Dass unsere
Welt , immer noch oder endlich mal Heimat für alle werden kann - das ist doch ein schönes Ziel !
" We are writing from the Amazon Associates Program to notify you that your Associates account has been closed as of June 26 , 2009 .
This is a direct result of the unconstitutional tax collection scheme expected to be passed any day now by the North Carolina state legislature ( the General Assembly ) and signed by the governor . "
What is the Amazon Associates Program ?
Amazon Associates is a Amazon 's referral program .
Bloggers and webmasters who place links to Amazon on their website will get some percentage of each sale that is generated by traffic from those links .
It 's Amazon 's equivalent of Google 's AdSense .
Many bloggers and webmasters use associates as a way to support their blogs and websites .
Who does this affect ?
To understand the significance of a program like associates shutting down it is worth first answering : how do blogs make money ?
The upper -crust , say the top 3 - 5 % of blogs , sell their own ads or are involved in small advertising rings .
These sites demand a premium for their ads and have full - time staffs writing for their sites and selling advertisements .
The long - long - tail blogs , the lower 40 - 60 % of blogs , do n't make any money or run at a loss because of hosting costs .
These are mostly personal blogs , or the just - getting - started blogs .
So who is most affected ?
The mid -level bloggers .
Amazon Associates and Google AdSense are the two leading ways of monetizing mid-level blogs .
Monetization is actually too noble of a word : covering hosting costs is more like it .
These blogs typically do n't generate enough revenue to be full - time jobs for their authors , the money is simply a reward for producing really solid content and obtaining respectable audiences .
The best written , most interesting content of the blog - o - sphere comes not from the most popular commercial blogs but from the mid-level bloggers whose writing is a labor of love .
If programs like Associates and AdSense start shutting down due to state legislation the most interesting and insightful bloggers and blogs will suffer because of it .
The Full 6/26/2009 Amazon Email
" We are writing from the Amazon Associates Program to notify you that your Associates account has been closed as of June 26 , 2009 .
This is a direct result of the unconstitutional tax collection scheme expected to be passed any day now by the North Carolina state legislature ( the General Assembly ) and signed by the governor .
As a result , we will no longer pay any referral fees for customers referred to Amazon.com or Endless.com after June 26 .
We were forced to take this unfortunate action in anticipation of actual enactment because of uncertainties surrounding the legislation ’s effective date .
Please be assured that all qualifying referral fees earned prior to June 26 , 2009 will be processed and paid in full in accordance with our regular referral fee schedule .
Based on your account closure date of June 26 , 2009 , any final payments will be paid by September 1 , 2009 .
In the event that North Carolina repeals this tax collection scheme , we would certainly be happy to re-open our Associates program to North Carolina residents .
The North Carolina General Assembly ’s website is http://www.ncleg.net/, and additional information may be obtained from the Performance Marketing Alliance at http://www.performancemarketingalliance.com/.
We have enjoyed working with you and other North Carolina - based participants in the Amazon Associates Program , and wish you all the best in your future .
Best Regards ,
The Amazon Associates Team "
Cincinnati - The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) and other civil liberties groups filed an amicus brief in Warshak v. United States urging the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals Wednesday to hold that the government 's seizure of email without a warrant violated the Fourth Amendment and federal privacy statutes , as well as the Justice Department 's own surveillance manual .
During its criminal investigation , the Department of Justice illegally ordered defendant Stephen Warshak 's email provider to prospectively " preserve " copies of his future emails , which the government later obtained using a subpoena and a non-probable cause court order .
The government accomplished this " back door wiretap " by misusing the Stored Communications Act ( SCA ) , which is only supposed to be used for obtaining emails already in storage with a provider .
In Wednesday 's filing , EFF argues that the government 's seizure violated federal privacy laws and Warshak 's Fourth Amendment expectation of privacy in his email .
As a result , the illegally seized emails should have been suppressed by the district court where Warshak was tried .
All told , the government acquired over 27,000 emails spanning over six months from Warshak 's email provider , all without probable cause .
" The Justice Department not only violated the Fourth Amendment and federal privacy statutes but its own surveillance manual when it conducted this ' back door wiretap ' to intercept six months worth of emails without a warrant , " said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Kevin Bankston .
" Thankfully , this abuse has given the appeals court yet another opportunity to clarify that the Fourth Amendment protects the privacy of email against secret government snooping , even when it's in the hands of an email provider . "
EFF filed a similar amicus brief with the 6th Circuit in 2006 in a civil suit brought by Warshak against the government for its warrantless seizure of his emails .
There , the 6th Circuit agreed with EFF that email users have a Fourth Amendment - protected expectation of privacy in the email they store with their email providers , though that decision was later vacated on procedural grounds .
" The government 's illegal email surveillance in this case raises troubling questions about how often the Justice Department has bent the law or broken it outright in other criminal investigations , " said Bankston .
" This ' back door wiretap ' is yet another demonstration of why Congress must update the federal surveillance statutes to require comprehensive reporting on how the government is using its spying authorities . "
The amicus brief was also signed by the ACLU of Ohio and the Center for Democracy and Technology .
For the full amicus brief :
http://www.eff.org/files/filenode/Warshak_EFF_Amicus_Brief.pdf
Contact :
Kevin Bankston
Senior Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
bankston@eff.org
The new Ford Fusion Hybrid is n't shaped like an almond .
It does n't have badges shouting " hybrid " from every surface .
And it wo n't make you sacrifice fun for fuel efficiency .
That 's what makes it so great .
Of course , fuel economy is the first thing you think when you think hybrids , and the Fusion is a first - rate miser .
The EPA says it 's good for 39 mpg ( combined city and highway ) , and we averaged 36.6 during a week of daily driving .
The gas gauge barely budged despite hellish commutes , occasional lead - footed sprints and wanton use of the A/C .
You 've got to really try hard to get lousy mileage in this car .
Ford scored a direct hit on the Camry Hybrid , topping the Toyota by 5 mpg , and almost took down the 41 - mpg Honda Insight .
But as Ford was shooting for fuel efficiency , it did n't forget a car should be fun to drive and a joy to use .
On that score , the Fusion excels .
It combines excellent fit and finish with smooth driving dynamics in a handsome mid-size sedan that also happens to get excellent mileage .
That fuel economy is as impressive as the drivetrain Ford designed for the Fusion .
The 2.5 - liter four - cylinder engine carefully tweaks intake valve timing and raises the compression ratio to increase efficiency .
Low - end oomph suffers as a result , but the electric motor makes up for it and the gas - electric combo provides 191 horsepower .
That is n't much in a car that weighs 3,720 pounds , and the Fusion does n't sprint off the line so much as it sashays .
While you wo n't win any pink slips in a car that needs 9.2 seconds to reach 60 mph , merging into that small hole in traffic is no problem .
The electric motor provides abundant torque .
The beauty of Ford 's hybrid system is it has none of the shudder or lag often experienced in hybrids when the electric motor hands off propulsion to the gasoline engine .
It 's seamless , as is the electronic continuously variable transmission .
Ford muttered something about " proprietary " when we asked how it pulled that off , then mentioned the terms " variable cam timing " and " variable voltage converter " before saying it had nothing more to say .
The Fusion is a full hybrid , so if you use a light touch on the accelerator you can tool around on electric power – although the engine will come on if you need a little boost getting away from a stoplight or up a hill .
If you 're gentle with your right foot , you can go as fast as 47 mph on electric power alone .
We got a thrill every time we pulled it off , but you can only get a mile or so out of the battery before the engine kicks on to top off the charge .
When the engine did come on , we used remarkably little gas .
Our personal best was 51.5 mpg ( according to the extremely accurate dashboard computer ) during a 2.3 - mile errand , and we burned just two - tenths of a gallon during one 12 - mile commute home .
That works out to 47.6 mpg .
Ford says the Fusion has a range of 700 miles from its 17 - gallon fuel tank .
Sounds about right , based on our experience .
The Fusion is as fun to drive as it is easy on gas .
The suspension is pillow - soft , and a front - wheel - drive car approaching 2 tons can't be called nimble , but the chassis felt tight and Fusion was sure - footed .
We took a freeway cloverleaf at 60 and the 17 - inch tires did n't even squeal .
Steering was responsive and the brakes lacked the squishiness you often feel in hybrids .
Regenerative braking returns to the battery 94 percent of the energy otherwise lost to heat and friction .
Ford 's still using a 1.4 kilowatt - hour nickel - metal hydride pack , but it 's smaller and lighter than the one in the Escape Hybrid .
It sits behind the back seat and takes a big bite out of the trunk .
There 's just 11.8 cubic feet of storage space compared to the gas - burner 's 16.5 , and you can't fold the rear seats down .
One of the coolest things about the Fusion Hybrid is the SmartGauge dashboard display .
It turns hypermiling into a videogame that makes you want to save fuel .
The traditional speedometer is flanked by two LCDs showing everything from how much gas you 've got to how much energy you 're generating while braking .
A glowing vine off to the right grows increasingly lush as your efficiency climbs .
We almost cheered whenever another leaf appeared .
It 's brilliant , and it does a remarkable job showing how driving style effects fuel economy .
An intuitive menu lets you choose one of four displays , each presenting more information .
You can shut it off , but it 's so much fun you wo n't want to .
Fuel efficiency does n't count for much if you do n't like driving the car .
But the Fusion is more than comfortable ; it 's inviting .
The seats – ours were heated leather – are firm and supportive .
The steering wheel and console - mounted shifter feel great .
Switches and knobs are readily at hand .
The optional Sony 12 - speaker system provides impressive sound and Sync remains the best media integration system on four wheels .
The fit and finish are excellent , nothing feels cheap and everything is thoughtfully laid out .
Even the bare - bones Fusion Hybrid is decked out with features like stability and traction control , six airbags and power everything , including a six - way adjustable driver 's seat .
It 's a car you could live with , without ticking off options .
Ford sent us one loaded with optional electronic nannies .
The blind - spot detection system flashes a small yellow light when someone 's over your shoulder .
It 's reassuring , especially in heavy traffic .
The rear - view camera makes backing up a breeze .
Visibility out of the car is good enough that youdo n't need the camera , but we loved having it .
The Fusion Hybrid is more than a great car .
It is an example for others to follow .
Hybrids will become increasingly common as automakers strive to meet the government 's tough new fuel efficiency standards .
If those cars are to truly catch on , they can't be any different than cars consumers already know and love .
Ford has proven they do n't have to be .
This is one of the two most perfect spheres ever .
Exactly one kilogram — Imperial units be damned forever — smooth to the nearest 0.0000000003 meter ( 1.18110236 × 10-8 inches ) , and round to within 0.00000005 meters ( 1.96850394 × 10-6 inches ) .
Advertisement
They were made using silicon by metrologists from the by Australia 's Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization .
[ Makezine ]
The Air France plane that vanished in the middle of the Atlantic with 228 people on board did not disintegrate in mid-air but plunged into the water intact and belly first , investigators said today .
Alain Bouillard , leading the preliminary inquiry on behalf of France 's BEA accident agency , said examination of wreckage indicated the A330 Airbus was still in one piece when it crashed , at high speed , into the ocean .
" The plane was not destroyed while it was in flight , " he told a press conference near Paris .
" It seems to have hit the surface of the water in the direction of flight and with a strong vertical acceleration . "
Appearing to rule out any question ofterrorism , Bouillard added that " neither traces of fire nor traces of explosives " had been found .
Just over a month since Flight AF447 went down during a flightbetween Rio de Janeiro and Paris , , killing all passengers and crew , investigators said they were facing one of the most challenging and baffling cases in the history of air travel .
The pilots apparently sent no distress calls before the plane went missing , and a rescue team has been unable to find the flight recorders , or black boxes , in one of the remotest parts of the Atlantic , 930 miles off Brazil 's mainland .
Investigators have warned that , without such crucial information , a full explanation into why the Airbus ran into difficulties will be hard to come by .
" Today we are very far from establishing the causes of the accident , " admitted Bouillard , adding that the blame for the crash could not be pinned entirely on a problem with the plane 's speed sensors , or pitot tubes .
" [ It ] is one of the factors but not the only one , " he said .
" It is an element but it is not the cause . "
The BEA said it was trying to piece together what went wrong from the automated messages , or Acars , sent in the final minutes before the plane hit the water , and from the debris in the Atlantic in the past month .
Around 640 items of furniture , machinery and other material has been examined for clues .
Analysis of food trays and shelving in the galley indicated that they had crashed in a way that would suggest a strong vertical acceleration , he said .
Part of the plane 's floor had been found misshapen to suggest a similar fate .
No inflated life jackets had been discovered , which " obviously shows the passengers were not prepared for a crash landing , " said Bouillard .
But experts expressed doubt as to where the investigation , still in its early days , could lead without the recovery of the black boxes .
Bouillard announced the search for the recorders had been extended for another 10 days in the hope that the equipment would continue to emit signals .
Airbus said it was exploring ways to " reinforce " flight data recovery , either by increasing the data sent from planes , or by developing technology such as black boxes that float or whose signals last longer .
" Without finding the black boxes it 's going to be phenomenally difficult , maybe impossible , to determine what happened , " Kieran Daly , editor of Air Transport Intelligence , told the Associated Press , adding there was a " horrendous lack of evidence " .
Initial rumours surrounding the plane 's airspeed sensors was partially corroborated by investigators yesterday , who confirmed that one of the messages transmitted minutes before the crash showed the pilots were trying to fly through a storm zone with faulty speed information .
Speculation that the monitoring instruments , located outside the plane , could have iced over led Air France to replace the monitors on all its Airbus 330s and A340s this month .
But , though a symptom of something wrong , investigators stressed they were at a loss to explain the root cause of the crash .
" Between the surface of the water and 35,000 feet , we do n't know what happened , " Bouillard said .
" In the absence of the flight recorders , it is extremely difficult to draw conclusions . "
Aside from problems with the speed sensors , investigators are also focusing on why air traffic controllers in Brazil failed to pass over control of the flight to their colleagues in Senegal .
In the garden , full sun is a golden opportunity .
The growing possibilities are endless : fat sunflowers , ripe , juicy tomatoes , mushrooming perennials , and the nonstop colors from a thousand varieties of annuals .
Take away that direct sunlight and a very different garden thrives .
The shade gardener 's palette differs from the sun gardener 's , but do n't think of it as limited .
While sun-loving plants stretch toward the sky and offer only weaker versions of themselves in restricted light , plenty of annuals , perennials , and small shrubs will shine in the shade .
1. Astilbe , 2 . Coleus , 3 . Hosta , and 4 .
Golden Creeping Jenny all work together in Ellen Lahti's shady Needham garden .
In an attempt to escape the every - day hum of bad economic Recession news , I joined a new club ( soda ) .
I am now otherwise known as a Foodie .
Lest you think I made that word up ( I promise , I did n't ) you can find it in the dictionary .
Foodie describes a person obsessed ( my term ) with all things food .
As I examined my memory ( potato ) chip for clues as to when I first became aware of my extreme food passion ( fruit ) , I recognized a number of Signs that qualified me as a die - hard Foodie .
Read below to confirm ( or deny ) that you are a Foodie , too .
The more Signs you recognize in yourself , the more a dedicated Foodie you likely are .
The more confirmed you are , the more selective you become when it comes to choosing and preparing food .
Or critiquing it .
Since obsession with food can sometimes be a bad thing , I have kept this " keen interest " to myself , until now .
I realize that there are many more Foodies out there , who have no idea about the " club " ( cracker ) .
In no particular order , here are 10 signs that define a Foodie :
#1 : You 'd rather shop at Whole Foods ( insert your favorite grocer , here ) than Nordstroms ( insert your favorite store here ) .
It hit me squarely in the keester , after months of belt - tightening and penny pinching , that I did not need another new pair of shoes .
What I needed and wanted , instead , was a package of cream cheese , stalks of fresh celery , a few ugly tangerines , and some Trader Joe 's rice pudding ( substitute any favorite food items here ) .
# 2 : When visiting Costco ( or any of the warehouse big box stores ) , you sometimes enjoy a lunch consisting solely of samples .
It may be difficult to refrain from buying tubs of ice cream , multi-packs of cereal , and / or burlap bags of rice and beans , but this is one place that encourages you to taste test as you shop .
There is something so satisfying ( and economical ) about cruising the aisles of one of these stores with a mini slice of pizza or a chocolate - covered cashew in your hand .
If you shop at Costco for groceries ( and not tires or appliances ) , you are showing your inner-Foodie .
Costco samples are delicious , and I make it a practice to always compliment the sample and the server .
A member of my family had this job once , and it 's harder than it looks .
Also , the more samples given out and products purchased , the better the chance the sample server will keep / his or her job ( full employment is the goal here ) .
Costco is a good place to buy coffee in bulk , fresh seafood and party trays .
And also to lunch .
# 3 : Your favorite section of the newspaper ( if you still have one ) are the weekly grocery ads .
A member of my household actually reads these ads , and I know many people who clip the coupons from here and other sources .
I have been known to glance over them , but I find viewing and comparing the store items in person much more reliable ( sometimes the coupon items in the ads are more expensive than the comparables .
Sometimes you have to buy a quantity to get the deal ) .
Is it just me or is the fine print on the coupons getting finer ?
# 4 : You no longer watch network TV .
Instead , your favorite cable TV shows are on Bravo ( Top Chef , Top Chef Masters ) and The Food Network ( Chopped , Next Food Network TV star , various competition challenges ) .
Whoo hee -- who would n't rather watch a real baker turning out a giant Wooly Mammoth cake , than yet another fictional forensic pathologist solving yet another creepy murder .
It seems to me there 's just as much drama and excitement ( who will win the $ 10,000 ?
or a spot hosting a food show ? ) in cooking competitions as hackneyed murder mysteries .
The camera actually shows drops of perspiration as the faces of the chefs , who comes in all colors , shapes and sizes .
There 's a lot of action as they race around broiling , basting , baking .
Let 's here it for real reality !
And often incredible food .
# 5 : You have a cookbook library that rivals what can be found in a bookstore .
Count me in here , big - time .
I 've been collecting cookbooks for eons .
I have the original Toll House cookbook ( from the old Mass. restaurant ) , the vintage Elsie the Cow cookbook ( lots of dairy dishes ) and cookbooks stretching back as far as the Turn of the Century .
I love artist cookbooks , and have some with recipes from Georgia O'Keefe , Picasso ( Bon Vivant ) and the Museum of Modern Art.
Great artists knew great cooking when they saw it .
# 6 : You are closely monitoring the progress of the movie about Julia Child , starring Meryl Streep .
You 've already seen some previews of this film , Julie and Julia - due out in August , and you can't wait to see it .
You know more about Julia Child than you ever knew about Barbara Bush or Nancy Reagan .
You 've got a few Julia Child cookbooks ; you watched her TV shows ; you know details about her life ( like the fact she was a spy for the government ) .
# 7 : When you travel , you like to visit the local outdoor food markets .
On a trip to Los Angeles , you visit the famous Farmer 's Market .
In Seattle , the Pike Market .
In Santa Fe New Mexico , the weekly market offers fresh ristras and when you 've worked your way through the tortillas and tamales , sterling silver jewelry is located down the aisle .
Of course , when you 're a Foodie , you photograph these local markets and their food the way some people photograph Hollywood 's Walk of Fame and Seattle 's Space Needle .
# 8 : Yelp is one of your favorite sites on the internet because it rates restaurants .
Yelp offers loads of reviews pointing out the best restaurants in your area and / or any you intend to visit .
Yelp helped me find a nearby eco-friendly , green restaurant for Mother 's Day , and a new restaurant on the ocean for a family member 's upcoming birthday .
Yelp also prevented me from booking a reservation at a well - known restaurant where the food reportedly declined in quality this year .
I surf Yelp as often as some people surf TMZ .
# 9 : You 've started cooking again .
Research shows that since the " Recession " started , dining out has taken a dive ( some restaurants have closed , particularly smaller cafes or under - performing chain stores like Chili's near me ) .
Restaurants were some of the first victims of the public 's belt - tightening , which led to increased cooking at home .
Many people simply microwave , but some of us are actually consulting our cookbooks and hand - crafting dinners like quiche Lorraine with wild mushrooms and wilted lettuce salad ( I wonder who came up with that delicious meal ? )
# 10 : You write about food ( including Depression - era desserts , bananas , Zodiac comfort foods , and Foodies ) .
If you do n't write about food , you read all the food articles ( including the many excellent articles from writers here on Factoidz like those on Koolaid pie , chocolate cranberry tarts and coffee 's benefits ) .
You 've developed a list of favorite food blogs and web sites , and that includes , of course , Factoidz .
There is no doubt I became a Foodie as a direct result of The " Recession " and eating at home .
I 've always loved food - just not to this extent .
Over the past 18 months , I found shopping for and cooking food , with all of its colors , aromas , textures and tastes , a great way to escape the bad economic news blues .
So as long as I watch how much I eat , I can't find any downside to my food passion ( fruit ) except a strong trendency to be corny ( creamed ) .
Note : You Are What You Eat , a book by nutritionist Victor Lindlahr , 1942 .
07.04.09 .
Nokia is understood to be developing a mobile phone that runs on Google 's Android software platform in a strategic U - turn for the world 's largest mobile phone manufacturer .
The new touchscreen device will be unveiled at the Nokia World conference in September , say industry insiders , as the Finnish handset giant tries to revive its fortunes in the smartphone market .
Nokia , which makes roughly four out of every 10 mobile phones sold , has been losing out in the market for phones that can access the internet , send emails and download third - party applications , to products such as the Apple iPhone and BlackBerry Storm .
The Android software platform , meanwhile , has been gaining ground with over half a dozen handsets expected to be available by the end of the year .
Analysts at HSBC reckon Nokia had 47 % of the global smartphone market in 2007 ; that was down to 35 % last summer and 31 % at the end of the year .
The smartphone segment is critical as it is the only part of the mobile phone market which is growing .
Cash - strapped consumers are either holding on to their existing phones and opting for cheaper SIM - only deals or " trading up " to more advanced gadgets such as the iPhone .
Opting to use Android , an " open source " platform that any software developer can access , is a reversal of the company 's previous strategy in mobile phone software .
A year ago , Nokia bought out the partners in its Symbian mobile software joint venture and announced plans to make its products free of charge to other manufacturers in an attempt to see off the threat posed by Android and the iPhone .
But the response to the opening of Symbian has been relatively muted .
By contrast , users of the iPhone have already downloaded over a billion applications in just nine months and Android has attracted a host of developers offering their " widgets " , or applications , to consumers through the Android Marketplace .
Gadget fans have already hacked one of Nokia 's existing devices , the N810 internet tablet , so it can run the Android system but the new device is expected to fully integrate the Android platform .
There has also been speculation that Nokia is looking to extend its smartphone range as a result of its recent deal to collaborate with chip giant Intel .
Nokia was unavailable for comment , however .
Venus Express has charted the first map of Venus 's southern hemisphere at infrared wavelengths .
The new map hints that our neighbouring world may once have been more Earth - like , with both a plate tectonics system and an ocean of water .
The map comprises over a thousand individual images , recorded between May 2006 and December 2007 .
Because Venus is covered in clouds , normal cameras cannot see the surface , but Venus Express used a particular infrared wavelength that can see through them .
Although radar systems have been used in the past to provide high - resolution maps of Venus 's surface , Venus Express is the first orbiting spacecraft to produce a map that hints at the chemical composition of the rocks .
The new data is consistent with suspicions that the highland plateaus of Venus are ancient continents , once surrounded by ocean and produced by past volcanic activity .
" This is not proof , but it is consistent .
All we can really say at the moment is that the plateau rocks look different from elsewhere , " says Nils Müller at the Joint Planetary Interior Physics Research Group of the University Münster and DLR Berlin , who headed the mapping efforts .
The rocks look different because of the amount of infrared light they radiate into space , similar to the way a brick wall heats up during the day and gives off its heat at night .
Besides , different surfaces radiate different amounts of heat at infrared wavelengths due to a material characteristic known as emissivity , which varies in different materials .
The Visible and Infrared Thermal Imaging Spectrometer ( VIRTIS ) instrument captured this infrared radiation during Venus 's night - time orbits around the planet 's southern hemisphere .
The eight Russian landers of the 1970s and 1980s touched down away from the highlands and found only basalt - like rock beneath their landing pads .
The new map shows that the rocks on the Phoebe and Alpha Regio plateaus are lighter in colour and look old compared to the majority of the planet .
On Earth , such light - coloured rocks are usually granite and form continents .
Granite is formed when ancient rocks , made of basalt , are driven down into the planet by shifting continents , a process known as plate tectonics .
The water combines with the basalt to form granite and the mixture is reborn through volcanic eruptions .
" If there is granite on Venus , there must have been an ocean and plate tectonics in the past , " says Müller .
Müller points out that the only way to know for sure whether the highland plateaus are continents is to send a lander there .
Over time , Venus 's water has been lost to space , but there might still be volcanic activity .
The infrared observations are very sensitive to temperature .
But in all images they saw only variations of between 3 - 20 °C , instead of the kind of temperature difference they would expect from active lava flows .
Although Venus Express did not see any evidence of ongoing volcanic activity this time around , Müller does not rule it out .
" Venus is a big planet , being heated by radioactive elements in its interior .
It should have as much volcanic activity as Earth , " he says .
Indeed , some areas do appear to be composed of darker rock , which hints at relatively recent volcanic flows .
The new map gives astronomers another tool in their quest to understand why Venus is so similar in size to Earth and yet has evolved so differently .
The doctrine of " pure and perfect competition " is a central element both in contemporary economic theory and in the practice of the Anti-Trust Division of the Department of Justice .
" Pure and perfect competition " is the standard by which contemporary economic theorists and Justice Department lawyers decide whether an industry is " competitive " or " monopolistic , " and what to do about it if they find that it is not " competitive . "
" Pure and perfect competition " is totally unlike anything one normally means by the term " competition . "
Normally , one thinks of competition as denoting a rivalry among producers , in which each producer strives to match or exceed the performance of other producers .
This is not what " pure and perfect competition " means .
Indeed , the existence of rivalry , of competition as it is normally understood , is incompatible with " pure and perfect competition . "
If that is difficult to believe , consider the following passage in a widely used economics textbook by Professor Richard Leftwich :
" By way of contrast , intense rivalry may exist between two automobile agencies or between two filling stations in the same city .
One seller 's actions influence the market of the other ; consequently , pure competition does not exist in this case . "
( Richard H. Leftwich and Ross D. Eckert , The Price System and Resource Allocation , 9th ed. , The Dryden Press , Chicago , 1985 , p. 41 . )
While competition as normally , and properly , understood rests on a base of individualism , the base of " pure and perfect competition " is collectivism .
Competition , properly so - called , rests on the activity of separate , independent individuals owning and exchanging private property in the pursuit of their self - interest .
It arises when two or more such individuals become rivals for the same trade .
The concept of " pure and perfect competition , " however , proceeds from an ideology that obliterates the existence of individuals , of private property , and of exchange .
It is the product of an approach to economics based on what Ayn Rand has characterized as the " tribal premise . "
( Ayn Rand , Capitalism : The Unknown Ideal , The New American Library , New York , 1966 , p. 7 . )
The tribal premise dominates contemporary economic theory , and is , as Miss Rand writes , " shared by the enemies and the champions of capitalism alike … "
The link between the concept of " pure and perfect competition " and the tribal concept of man , is a tribal concept of property , of price and of cost .
According to contemporary economics , no property is to be regarded as really private .
At most , property is supposedly held in trusteeship for its alleged true owner , " society " or the " consumers . "
" Society , " it is alleged , has a right to the property of every producer and suffers him to continue as owner only so long as " society " receives what it or its professorial spokesmen consider to be the maximum possible benefit .
As Professor C. E. Ferguson , a supporter of the " pure and perfect competition " doctrine , declares in his textbook : " At any point in time a society possesses a pool of resources either individually or collectively owned , depending upon the political organization of the society in question .
From a social point of view the objective of economic activity is to get as much as possible from this existing pool of resources . "
( C. E. Ferguson , Micro-economic
Theory , 5th ed. , Richard D. Irwin , Inc. , Homewood , Illinois , 1980 , pp. 173f . )
According to the tribal concept of property , " society " has a right to one hundred percent of every seller 's inventory and to the benefit of one hundred percent use of his plant and equipment .
The exercise of this alleged right is to be limited only by the consideration of " society 's " alleged alternative needs .
Thus , a producer should retain some portion of his inventory only if it will serve a greater need of " society " in the future than in the present .
He should produce at less than one hundred percent of capacity only to the extent that " society 's " labor , materials and fuel , which he would require , are held to be more urgently needed in another line of production .
The ideal of contemporary economics — advanced half as an imaginary construct and half as a description of reality , with no way of distinguishing between the two — is the contradictory notion of a private - enterprise , capitalist economy in which producers would act just as a socialist dictator would wish them to act , but without having to be forced to do so .
( For an account of the origins of this alleged ideal , see Ludwig von Mises , Human Action , 3rd ed. rev. , Henry Regnery , Chicago , 1966 , pp. 689-693 . )
In accordance with this " ideal , " contemporary economics tears the concepts of price and cost from the context of individuals engaged in the free exchange of private property , and twists them to fit the perspective of a socialist dictator .
It views the system of prices and costs as the means by which producers in a capitalist economy can be led to provide " society " with the optimum use and " allocation " of its " resources . "
A price is viewed not as the payment received by a seller in the free exchange of his private property , but as a means of rationing his products among those members of " society " or the " sovereign consumers " who happen to desire them .
Prices are justified on the grounds that they are a means of rationing , superior to the issuance of coupons and priorities by the government .
Indeed , rationing itself is described by Professor George Stigler , in his popular textbook , as " non-price rationing , " prices allegedly being the form of rationing that exists under capitalism .
( George J. Stigler , The Theory of Price , rev. ed. , The Macmillan Company , New York , 1952 , p. 83 . )
Similarly , a cost , according to contemporary economics , is not an outlay of money made by a buyer to obtain goods or services through free exchange , but the value of the most important alternative goods or services " society " must forego by virtue of obtaining any particular good or service .
On this point , Professor Ferguson writes :
" The social cost of using a bundle of resources to produce a unit of commodity X is the number of units of commodity Y that must be sacrificed in the process .
Resources are used to produce both X and Y ( and all other commodities ) .
Those resources used in X production cannot be used to produce Y or any other commodity .
To use a popular wartime example , devoting more resources to the production of guns means using fewer resources to produce butter .
The social cost of guns is the amount of butter foregone . "
( Ferguson , op . cit. , p. 173 . )
On the basis of this concept of cost , contemporary economics holds that the only relevant cost of production is " marginal cost . "
As a rule , and roughly speaking , for the concept can only be approximated , " marginal cost " is held to be the cost of the labor , materials and fuel required to produce an additional unit of a product .
Their value is supposed to represent the value of the most important alternative goods or services that " society " foregoes in obtaining this additional unit .
The concept of " marginal cost " excludes the cost of existing factories and machines .
The reason for this exclusion is that these assets are " here , " they were paid for in the past and , therefore , their cost is not regarded as a concern of " society " in the present .
All prices , according to this view , should be scarcity prices , i.e. , prices determined by the necessity of balancing a limited supply against a comparatively unlimited demand .
Supply , in the context of this doctrine , means the goods that are here — in the possession of sellers — and the potential goods that the sellers would produce with their existing plant and equipment , if they considered no limitation to their production but " marginal cost . "
Demand means the set of quantities of the goods that buyers will take at varying prices .
Every price is supposed to be determined at whatever point is required to give the buyers the full supply in this sense and to limit their demand to the size of the supply .
The essence of this theory of prices is the idea that every seller 's goods and the use of his plant and equipment belong to " society " and should be free of charge to " society 's " members unless and until a price is required to " ration " them .
Prior to that point , they are held to be free goods , like air and sunlight ; and any value they do have is held to be the result of an " artificial , monopolistic restriction of supply " — of a deliberate , vicious withholding of goods from " society " by their private custodians .
After that point , however , the value they may attain is limited only by the importance which buyers attach to them .
On this view , every price is supposed to be an index of the intensity of " society 's " need or desire for a good — an index of the good 's " marginal social utility . "
Thus the tribal view of property , of price , and of cost leads to the view of competition held by contemporary economics .
Competition is viewed as the means by which prices are driven down either to equality with " marginal cost " or to the point where they exceed " marginal cost " only by whatever premium is necessary to " ration " the benefit of plant and equipment operating at full capacity .
This is not competition as it exists in reality .
The competition which takes place under capitalism acts to regulate prices simply in accordance with the full costs of production and with the requirements of earning a rate of profit .
It does not act to drive prices to the level of " marginal costs " or to the point where they reflect a " scarcity " of capacity .
The kind of " competition " required to do that , is of a very special type .
Literally , it is out of this world .
It is " pure " and " perfect . "
No one has ever defined " pure and perfect competition " — the procedure is merely to present a list of conditions which it requires .
A fairly full list of these conditions is presented by Professor Clair Wilcox ( who is not an advocate of capitalism ) as if it were a definition of " pure and perfect competition . "
He writes :
" The requirements of perfect competition are five : First , the commodity dealt in must be supplied in quantity and each unit must be so like every other unit that buyers can shift quickly from one seller to another in order to obtain the advantage of a lower price .
Second , the market in which the commodity is bought and sold must be well organized , trading must be continuous , and traders must be so well - informed that every unit sold at the same time will sell at the same price .
Third , sellers must be numerous , each seller must be small , and the quantity supplied by any one of them must be so insignificant a part of the total supply that no increase or decrease in his output can appreciably affect the market price … .
Fourth , there must be no restraint upon the independence of any seller or buyer , either by custom , contract , collusion , the fear of reprisals by competitors or the imposition of public control .
Each one must be free to act in his own interest without regard for the interests of any of the others .
Fifth , the market price , uniform at any instant of time , must be flexible over a period of time , constantly rising and falling in response to the changing conditions of supply and demand .
There must be no friction to impede the movement of capital from industry to industry , from product to product or from firm to firm ; investment must be speedily withdrawn from unsuccessful undertakings and transferred to those that promise a profit .
There must be no barrier to entrance into the market ; access must be granted to all sellers and all buyers at home and abroad .
Finally , there must be no obstacle to elimination from the market ; bankruptcy must be permitted to destroy those who lack the strength to survive . "
( Clair Wilcox , " The Nature of Competition , " reprinted in Joel Dean , Managerial Economics , Prentice - Hall , Inc. , Englewood Cliffs , New Jersey , 1951 , p. 49 .
An essentially identical list of requirements appears in the much more recent textbook The Price System by Leftwich and Eckert , op . cit. , pp. 39 - 41 . )
To summarize these conditions : uniform products offered by all the sellers in the same industry , perfect knowledge , quantitative insignificance of each seller , no fear of retaliation by competitors in response to one 's actions , constant changes in price , and perfect ease of investment and disinvestment .
To understand the alleged need for all these conditions and what they would mean in reality , it is necessary to project them on a concrete example .
This is usually not done at all , and is never done fully — if it were , neither the theory of " pure and perfect competition " nor the rationing theory of prices could be propounded .
So I shall use an example of my own , which will not be of a kind used by their supporters , but which will express accurately the meaning of these theories .
Imagine a movie theater with 500 seats .
The picture is about to go on ; the projectionist , the ushers and the cashier are all in their places .
" Society " has the alleged right to the occupancy of 500 seats .
If they are not all occupied for this performance , no future satisfaction can be obtained by any storing up of the use of the seats for a future time .
The seats , the theater , the film , the necessary workers are " here . "
" Society , " supposedly , " has them " and now it demands the full benefit from its alleged property .
If the film is not run , the only thing that " society " can save is the electric current which might be made available elsewhere , or the coal which must be consumed to generate the current .
The costs of the theater , the film , the workers are all " sunk costs " — " water over the dam , " as the textbooks say — and , since " bygones are bygones , " the only thing which counts for " society " now is the cost of the electric current .
The theater , according to the tribal - rationing theory , should charge an admission price which will guarantee the sale of 500 tickets for the performance .
If droves of people are standing in line for admission , it should raise the price to whatever point is required so that only 500 people will be able to afford it .
If all the people in line have identical incomes , the same medical disabilities , and natures of equal sensitivity , such a price , supposedly , will mean that the 500 people who want to see the film most , will see it .
If they are unequal in these respects , that is already supposed to be an " imperfection , " as Professor Wilcox would say , in the justice of the " market mechanism . "
If , however , there are few people standing in line , the theater should begin reducing its admission price .
It must keep on reducing its admission price until it has attracted 500 customers .
If an admission price of only two cents is required to get this many customers , then , supposedly , that is what should be charged , provided only that the revenue brought in at the box office covers the cost of the electric current .
If the theater persists in charging its standard price of , say , one dollar , at which it sells less than 500 tickets , then , according to the tribal - rationing doctrine , it is guilty of " administering " its price and of " monopolistic restriction of supply . "
It is engaged in a process of " price control " — in violation of the " laws of supply and demand " — and in creating an " artificial scarcity " of seats by " monopolistically " withholding a portion of its supply from the market to maintain a high price on those seats for which it does sell tickets .
If the theater cannot sell 500 tickets even at one cent per ticket , then , according to this theory , it must either open its doors for free or cancel the performance .
In this case , a theater seat is , allegedly , a free good — it is no longer " scarce " in relation to the demand for it , and so there is no longer any need for a price because there is no longer any need to ration theater seats .
If there are 100 people who want to see the movie and who are prepared to make it worth the theater owner 's while , he should perhaps run the film — contemporary economics would hold — provided he sells the remaining 400 tickets at whatever price is required to unload them , including zero .
This , however , would be another " imperfection " in the " market mechanism " — price discrimination .
The " ideal solution " in such a case , it is alleged , would be to have the government nationalize the theater , charge nothing and subsidize the loss .
In the process of adjusting its price to attract customers , the theater must not , of course , send anyone out in the street to tell people about the movie it is playing or the price it is charging .
That would be another " imperfection " — advertising .
Advertising , according to this theory , is a wasteful and vicious means of " demand creation " — it makes the " consumers " act differently than they really want to act .
So , as the theater is reducing its price , it must be careful not to be too obvious about it .
Simply changing the price in the cashier 's window should be enough .
However , while advertising by the theater is an " imperfection , " " perfection " requires that all potential customers of the theater possess perfect and instantaneous knowledge of its price changes and of the picture it is showing .
It is another " imperfection " in the operation of the " market mechanism " if people about to enter other theaters , or riding in their automobiles , or making love , do not receive instantaneous communication of the price changes , so that they may speedily alter their plans .
And , presumably , it is an " imperfection " if they have not already seen all the movies many , many times — to be perfectly informed about them .
Because the theater owner wants to " maximize his profits , " he will not act in accordance with the theory 's tribalistic precepts .
However , he would , it is argued , if knowledge were perfect and automatic , if people did race back and forth between theaters in response to penny price differences , and if a number of further conditions were also fulfilled .
If , for example , there were 401 identical theaters in the same neighborhood , all showing the same movie , and all in the same position with regard to empty seats , then , it is argued , the cunningly clever , " profit - maximizing " businessman would reason as follows : " At my standard price of one dollar , I can sell only 100 tickets today .
But if I charge 99.999…9 ¢ ( it is a standard assumption of the theory that all economic phenomena are mathematically continuous and thus capable of treatment by calculus ) I can sell all 500 tickets .
For in response to this insignificant price change , which is infinitely close to my present price , I could attract away one customer from each of the 400 other theaters .
This would be very good for me , and none of the other theater owners would really notice the loss of just one customer , and thus no one would match my lower price .
So that is what I will do . "
The same thought , however , will be racing simultaneously , it is assumed , through the heads of the other 400 theater owners , and so everyone 's price will be trimmed just so much , and no one will end up with any additional customers drawn from other theaters .
Each theater may attract one percent of an additional customer who otherwise would not have gone to the movies , but that is all .
The same process is repeated at the infinitesimally lower price , as each theater owner seeks to " maximize his profit , " led by the idea that his insignificant price change will draw an unnoticed amount of business from each of many competitors , who will not reduce their prices in response to his action .
This process of infinitely small price reductions is supposedly performed with infinite rapidity — presumably through the " automatic market mechanism " — and so , instantaneously , the price is brought down either to marginal cost or to the point where one 's theater is jammed to capacity , which circumstance alone , in the eyes of the theory 's supporters , would justify the price being above marginal cost .
According to the theory of " pure and perfect competition , " the large number of sellers is the main condition required to drive prices to " marginal cost , " or else to the point where they reflect a " scarcity " of the capacity that is " here . "
If the individual seller were a significant part of the market and were in a position to handle a major part of the business done by his competitors , then , supposedly , he would never cut his price because he would know that as a result of his action others will lose so much business that they will have to match his cut and that he will thus be left basically only with the lower price .
When there is a large number of small sellers , every price cut is also matched , but , the argument is , not because of one 's own price reduction , but because the other sellers are led to cut their prices independently , guided by exactly the same thought .
The significance of all sellers having an identical product is supposed to lie in the greater responsiveness of customers to price changes .
If each theater is playing a different movie , customers are not likely to shift their business among the various theaters in response to infinitesimal price differences , and so a theater owner will have less incentive to trim his price .
The significance attached to perfect knowledge is similar .
This portrait of the economic world of perfection is not yet complete , however .
There remain two other major requirements if " society " is to derive the maximum benefit from its " scarce resources . "
It must be possible , as Professor Wilcox puts it , for investment to " be speedily withdrawn from unsuccessful undertakings and transferred to those that promise a profit .
There must be no barrier to entrance into the market … "
This condition would be achieved if movies were shown in tents , with projectors using candlelight instead of electricity .
Then , whenever demand changed , theater owners would merely have to unfold or fold up their theaters , and light or blow out their candles .
This would be " perfection , " but not quite in its full " purity . "
For in addition , " the market price , " as Professor Wilcox says , " uniform at any instant of time , must be flexible over a period of time , constantly rising and falling in response to the changing conditions of supply and demand . "
This would be achieved if , after leaving the theater and going to a restaurant for dinner , one were not given a menu , but were seated in front of a ticker tape — and were offered a futures contract on dessert ; and if afterward , on leaving the restaurant and walking back to one 's apartment , one would not know whether one could afford to live there that night , or whether the rentals of penthouses had collapsed .
Only then would the world be " purely perfect . "
The doctrine of " pure and perfect competition " marks the almost total severance of economic thought from reality .
It is the dead end of the attempt to defend capitalism on a collectivist base .
Ironically , that attempt took hold in economics in the late nineteenth century ( and has been gaining influence ever since ) through the efforts of Victorian economists to refute the theories of Karl Marx on the subject of value and price .
The rationing theory of prices was advanced as the alternative to the Marxian labor theory of value .
The irony is that the " pure and perfect competition " doctrine is to the left of Marxism .
Marxism denounced capitalism merely for the existence of profits .
The " pure and perfect competition " doctrine denounces capitalism because businessmen refuse to suffer losses .
The argument of the supporters of " pure and perfect competition " is not that businessmen make excessive profits through any kind of " monopoly , " but that they are " monopolistic " in refusing to sell their products at a loss — which businessmen would have to do if they treated their plant and equipment as costless natural resources that acquired value only when they happened to be " scarce . "
The " pure and perfect competition " doctrine distorts the facts of reality to a greater extent than did the traditional critiques of capitalism .
Those critiques recognized that competition is a fundamental element of capitalism , but they denounced it .
Capitalism , they claimed , is ruled by the " law of the jungle , " by the principles of " dog eat dog " and " the survival of the fittest . "
The " pure and perfect competition " doctrine proceeds from the same base as these earlier critiques , and is in full agreement with them in their objections to such characteristics of the process of competition as the continuous improvement in products , the variety of products , advertising , and the existence of idle capacity .
Both schools regard all these characteristics of competition as a " waste " of " society 's scarce resources . "
But the " pure and perfect competition " doctrine regards these characteristics as " imperfections " and attacks capitalism on the grounds that capitalism lacks competition .
Every industry , it asserts , is " imperfectly competitive " ( with the barely possible exception of wheat farming ) .
Every industry is guilty of " monopolistic competition " or " oligopoly . "
In the words of Professor Bach :
" There is a spectrum from pure competition to pure monopoly .
Where there are a good many sellers of only slightly differentiated products , but not enough to make the market perfectly competitive , we call the situation ' monopolistic competition . ' "
And : " Where there are only a few competing producers so each producer must take into account what each other producer does , we call the situation ' oligopoly , ' which means few sellers . "
( George Leland Bach , Economics : An Introduction to Analysis and Policy , 6th ed. , Prentice - Hall , Inc. , Englewood Cliffs , New Jersey , 1968 , p. 337 .
Bach expresses the same view in the eleventh edition of his book , published in 1987 , pp. 376-377 , but not as succinctly . )
The concepts of " monopolistic competition " and " oligopoly " are indistinguishable , both in theory and in practice .
As examples of " monopolistic competition , " Professor Bach cites Kellogg and Post in the field of breakfast cereals , and RCA and Philco in the field of television sets — even though these industries are fully as " oligopolistic " as the automobile or steel industry .
( Even small retail establishments , a more popular example of " monopolistic competition , " can also be classified under " oligopoly , " since there are only a few of a given kind in a given neighborhood . )
In any case , these two concepts embrace virtually all industries , except the few that are called " pure monopoly . "
The competition that capitalism is accused of lacking — as a result of " monopolistic competition " and " oligopoly " — is called price competition .
The nature of price competition , as contemporary economists see it , is indicated in another passage in Professor Bach 's textbook :
" Analytically , the crucial thing about an oligopoly is the small number of sellers , which makes it imperative for each to weigh carefully the reactions of the others to his own price , production , and sales policies .
The result is a strong pressure to collude to avoid price competition or to avoid it without formal collusion . "
( Ibid. , p. 361 . )
Capitalism is accused of lacking price competition on the following grounds : if there are few sellers in a market , any seller who cuts his price must take into account the fact that the other sellers will match his cut — so he may be better off if he refrains from price cutting ; thus prices will not be driven down to the level of " marginal cost " or to the point where they " ration " the benefit of " scarce " capacity .
Consider the evasion entailed in the accusation that capitalism lacks price competition .
Every decade , since the beginning of the Industrial Revolution , commodities have become not only better , but also cheaper — if not always in terms of paper money ( the value of which has been constantly reduced by the policies of governments ) , then in terms of the labor and effort that must be expended to earn them .
What is it that has made producers lower their prices for the last two hundred years ?
Blankout .
Actual price competition is an omnipresent phenomenon in a capitalist economy .
But it is completely unlike the kind of pricing envisioned by the doctrine of " pure and perfect competition . "
It is not the product of a mass of short - sighted , individually insignificant little chiselers , each of whom acts to cut his price in the hope that his action wo n't be noticed by any of the others .
The real - life competitor who cuts his price does not live in a rat 's world , hoping to scurry away undetected with a morsel of the cheese of thousands of other rats , only to find that they too have been guided by the same stupidity , with the result that all have less cheese .
The competitor who cuts his price is fully aware of the impact on other competitors and that they will try to match his price .
He acts in the knowledge that some of them will not be able to afford the cut , while he is , and that he will eventually pick up their business , as well as a major portion of any additional business that may come to the industry as a whole as the result of charging a lower price .
He is able to afford the cut when and if his productive efficiency is greater than theirs , which lowers his costs to a level they cannot match .
The ability to lower the costs of production is the base of price competition .
It enables an efficient producer who lowers his prices , to gain most of the new customers in his field ; his lower costs become the source of additional profits , the reinvestment of which enables him to expand his capacity .
Furthermore , his cost - cutting ability permits him to forestall the potential competition of outsiders who might be tempted to enter his field , drawn by the hope of making profits at high prices , but who cannot match his cost efficiency and , consequently , his lower prices .
Thus price competition , under capitalism , is the result of a contest of efficiency , competence , ability .
Price competition is not the self - sacrificial chiseling of prices to " marginal cost " or their day by day , minute by minute adjustment to the requirements of " rationing scarce capacity . "
It is the setting of prices perhaps only once a year — by the most efficient , lowest - cost producers , motivated by their own self - interest .
The extent of the price competition varies in direct proportion to the size and the economic potency of these producers .
It is firms like Ford , General Motors and A & P — not a microscopic - sized wheat farmer or sharecropper — that are responsible for price competition .
The price competition of the giant Ford Motor Company reduced the price of automobiles from a level at which they could be only rich men's toys to a level at which a low - paid laborer could afford to own a car .
The price competition of General Motors was so intense that firms like Kaiser and Studebaker could not meet it .
The price competition of A & P was so successful that the supporters of " pure and perfect competition " have never stopped complaining about all the two - by - four grocery stores that had to go out of business .
Competition is the means by which continuous progress and improvement are brought about .
And nothing could be more pure and perfect — in the rational sense of these terms — than the competition which takes place under capitalism .
The ideal of the " pure and perfect competition " doctrine , however , is a totally stagnant economy — the " static state , " as it is called — in which production and consumption consist of an endless repetition of the same motions .
( For a valuable discussion of the influence of this " ideal " on contemporary economics , see von Mises , Human Action . )
It is in the name of this " ideal " that the supporters of " pure and perfect competition " attack the constant introduction of new or improved products , the ever growing variety of products , and the advertising required to keep people abreast of what is being offered .
And only from the standpoint of this " ideal " can one declare that idle capacity is a " waste " — for only in a " static state " would there be no need for any unused capacity .
A capitalist economy is not " static . "
Producers know that they must respond to changes in conditions .
They endeavor always to have a margin of idle capacity , which can be brought into production if and when it is needed .
Under capitalism , the normal state of production requires the possession of extra machines and tools in every industry , to meet every foreseeable change in demand .
This is not a " waste , " not any more than the fact that consumers under capitalism own more shirts than the ones they happen to be wearing .
What the " pure and perfect competition " doctrine seeks is the abolition of competition among producers .
Its " ideal " is a state in which no producer is able to take any business away from another producer .
If a man is producing at full capacity , he cannot meet the demand of a single additional buyer , let alone compete for that demand .
And if he is not producing at full capacity and is charging a price equal to his " marginal cost , " he still cannot compete for the demand of any additional buyers because he is forbidden to " differentiate " his product or to advertise it .
The " pure and perfect competition " doctrine seeks to replace the competition among producers in the creation of wealth , with a competition among consumers in the form of a mad scramble for a fixed stock of existing wealth .
It seeks a state of affairs in which no additional buyer can obtain a product without depriving some other buyer of the goods he wants — for that is what competition at full capacity would mean .
It seeks to make men competitors in consumption rather than in production .
It seeks to transform the competition of human beings into a competition of animals fighting over a static quantity of prey .
In other words , when it denounces capitalism , it is denouncing the fact that capitalism is not ruled by the law of the jungle .
The supporters of " pure and perfect competition " are aware of the fact that their doctrine is inapplicable to reality .
This does not trouble them .
Their view is expressed by Professor Wilcox , who observes casually ( in a passage immediately following his alleged definition — the list of conditions I quoted earlier ) :
" Perfect competition , thus defined , probably does not exist , never has existed , and never can exist … .
Actual competition always departs , to a greater or lesser degree , from the ideal of perfection .
Perfect competition is thus a mere concept , a standard by which to measure the varying degrees of imperfection that characterize the actual markets in which goods are bought and sold . "
This " concept " divorced from reality , this Platonic " ideal of perfection " drawn from non-existence to serve as the " standard " for judging existence , is one of the principal reasons why businessmen have been imprisoned , major corporations broken up and others prevented from expanding , and why economic progress has been retarded and the improvement of man 's material well - being significantly undercut .
This " concept " is at the base of antitrust prosecutions , which have forced businessmen to operate under conditions approaching a reign of terror .
Such are the effects of mysticism when it is brought into economics .
Non-existence has no consequences ; but those who advocate it , do .
( CNN ) -- Campers Steven Haugen and Jeanette Bauman headed out with their Labrador retriever , Caesar , for an overnight camping trip in the Willamette National Forest on June 30 , 2005 .
Steven Haugen , 54 , and Jeanette Bauman , 56 , were shot to death on a camping trip , along with their Lab , Caesar .
The Oregon day was bright and sunny , perfect for hiking and camping .
Haugen , 54 , Bauman , 56 , and Caesar were found shot to death at the couple 's campsite the following day .
Four years later , the killer continues to elude sheriff 's detectives .
The case is similar to the double slaying of a mother and daughter a year later in neighboring Washington state .
Both sets of victims were slain in rural settings on public lands , and in both cases the victims ' vehicles were left at the scene , the Lane County Sheriff 's Office said .
There is no apparent motive in either case .
Haugen was a school counselor and track coach , and Bauman taught business .
Neither had any known enemies .
Watch an update on the case »
According to police , the killer took some camping items and the license plate from their 1997 GMC Jimmy SUV .
" It 's not clear what the reasoning is .
Is it a robbery ?
We have a profile of the killer or killers with the help of FBI resources .
One theory is that it could be a crime of territory , " said Lt. Randy Smith of the Lane County Sheriff 's Office .
Nancy Grace Nancy
Grace is on the case .
8 & 10 p.m. , HLN see full schedule »
This week marks the fourth anniversary of the slayings , and police wonder whether the killer could strike again , particularly if the killings were territorial .
Police believe that Bauman and Haugen were randomly selected , possibly by someone angry the campers were in " his woods . "
It 's also possible that someone spotted them and saw them as prey .
Smith said authorities are seeing more territorial disputes in the woods , although they are still rare .
" Whoever did this to my mom and Steven knew these woods well , " said Gary Bauman , Jeanette Bauman 's son .
" Obviously , there are people in the woods with guns , maybe hunters , but I believe my mom and Steven were just at the wrong place at the wrong time . "
He is not certain whether Bauman and Haugen were armed but said his mother does not own a gun .
" It 's possible Steven may have a handgun , as often campers do for protection from bears , " he noted .
Police say they are not naming any suspects at this time but are watching a group of individuals who fit the profile developed by investigators and who may have been in the area at the time of the slayings .
Police are asking for help from the public .
Anyone with more information leading to the arrest or conviction of the person or persons responsible for the deaths of Jeanette Bauman and Steven Haugen is asked to call the Lane County Sheriff 's Office tip line at 541-682-4167 .
A $ 5,000 reward is offered .
All About Murder and Homicide • Nancy Grace
We ’ve learned Gary Coleman ‘s wife was arrested last night for domestic violence and disorderly conduct in Santaquin , Utah — where the couple has a home .
According to the sheriff ’s website , Shannon Price was booked for the two misdemeanors at 8:32 PM and then released on $ 1,205 bond .
Cops tell us Shannon allegedly broke household items belonging to Gary and that he was not physically harmed .
http://www.tmz.com/2009/07/02/gary-colemans-wife-busted-for-domestic-battery/
At a minimum you will need four 3 inch by 4 inch rectangles of the circuit sheet to form the billfold area .
I only carry a few credit cards and my ID so I added two 3 inch square pockets to the pieces that I needed .
It might help if you make a template on a sheet of paper and tape the pieces together to better visualize the end product .
The circuit sheets are very forgiving and tape can be pulled off without damaging them ( in my trials ) .
Use thick packing tape for this project for the best durability .
I have been using my wallet daily from October through March and have only needed to add one small piece of tape .
Where the wallet will fold leave a few millimeters between the circuit sheets for a hinge .
The more space the more cash ( or receipts ) the wallet can carry without being forced open by the thick bills .
You might find it helpful to cut pieces of paper out to make a crude template to see how you want to configure your pockets .
Just remember to try and build the wallet so that the tape is folded over any seams .
Tearing the packing tape is much more difficult if it is folded onto itself .
Mr. Deese ’s role is unusual for someone who is neither a formally trained economist nor a business school graduate , and who never spent much time flipping through the endless studies about the future of the American and Japanese auto industries .
Image Brian Deese , who interrupted his law school career , is the little - seen force behind the revamping of the American auto industry .
Credit ... Stephen Crowley / The New York Times
He lives a dual life these days .
He starts the day at a desk wedged just outside of Mr. Summers ’s office , where he can hear what young members of the economic team have come to know as “ the Summers bellow . ”
From there , he can make it quickly to the press office to help devise explanations for why taxpayers are spending more than $ 50 billion on what polls show is a very unpopular bailout of the auto industry .
Several times a day he speed - walks to Treasury , taking a shortcut through the tunnel under the colonnade , near the kitchens .
The other day he talked about how sharply perceptions of the industry ’s future changed after Mr. Obama ’s election .
“ At the first meeting with Rick Wagoner , ” he said , referring to G.M. ’s recently deposed chief executive , “ they were in a very different place .
He said publicly that bankruptcy was not a viable option .
It ’s been a long process getting everyone to look at the options differently . ”
In fact , from before Inauguration Day , few in Mr. Obama ’s circle saw any other choice .
Every time Mr. Deese ran the numbers on G.M. and Chrysler , he came back with the now - obvious conclusion that neither was a viable business , and that their plans to revive themselves did not address the erosion of their revenues .
But it took the support of Mr. Rattner and Ron Bloom , senior advisers to the task force charged with restructuring the automobile industry , to help turn Mr. Deese ’s positions into policy .
“ The president ’s instruction to us was that we had to come up with a solution that would work on a commercial basis , that did n’t involve indefinite federal financing , ” Mr. Deese said .
“ But we did n’t want liquidation , which would have even worse effects .
So the question was how do you design a very substantial restructuring , and do it fast . ”
A big warm - up will send temperatures toward 100 degrees Monday through Wednesday , forecasters say , the hottest weather of summer so far .
The National Weather Service says not to expect much of a cool - off until next weekend , which means the heat wave could last more than the typical three days .
And that can lead to more than just uncomfortable sleeping , weather experts say .
" We may not see more than two or three days of 100 degrees , but we 're looking at an extended period of 90 degrees or above , and that 's a long stretch when it comes to health concerns , " said Steve Todd , meteorologist - in - charge of the National Weather Service in Portland .
Play it cool
• Drink plenty of fluids , especially water , even if you are not thirsty .
Caffeinated drinks are diuretics and will work against you .
Drinking ice - cold drinks causes the body to work harder than if you drink merely cool drinks .
• Eat light .
Bananas are a good choice ; their potassium helps the body maintain normal electrolyte balance , reducing the likelihood of muscle cramps .
• Get in the shade when possible .
Wear brimmed hats or use an umbrella .
• Reschedule sports activities .
Plan them early in the day or in the evening to avoid intense sun exposure .
• Wear sunscreen .
• Do not leave animals in your car .
Temperatures inside can swiftly kill them .
Todd said a long string of 90 degree days with little nighttime relief can exacerbate health problems -- especially for senior citizens without air conditioning or adequate ventilation .
He said the weather service issues heat advisories and watches based on mortality rates linked to heat by geographic region .
" A 100 - degree day in Phoenix is a nice day , " he said .
" Up here in the Northwest , a lot of us do n't have air conditioning and people are not acclimatized . "
The record for days at 90 degrees or higher is eight , from Aug. 12 to 19 , 1967 .
The longest period of 100 degrees or higher came during five days , July 13 - 17 , 1941 .
Portland 's all - time record high -- one that may not be broken for a long time -- is 107 degrees , and it occurred twice : July 30 , 1965 , and Aug. 8 , 1981 .
Record highs for Monday through Wednesday , are , respectively , 102 , 101 and 100 degrees .
For those without air conditioning , agencies have announced the opening this weekend and early next week of cooling centers .
• Clark County Fire District 6 will open a cooling center at its Felida fire station , 11600 N.W. Lakeshore Ave. , Vancouver , on Monday , Tuesday and Wednesday .
• In Multnomah County , the Loaves & Fishes Center at 1032 S.W. Main Street will be open from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. Saturday and Sunday ; and the Hollywood Senior Center , 1820 N.E. 40th Ave. , will be open from 3 to 8 p.m. Saturday and Sunday
• Portland Parks & Recreation issued an online reminder of cool facilities and activities it oversees , including 13 public swimming pools , spray features in 11 parks and more than 10,000 acres of parks and natural areas in which to find shade .
Other public safety agencies probably will open cooling centers if the heat settles in for a long stay .
For more details on the effects of heat on and aging , visit the National Institute of Aging 's Web site .
The weather service released this list of late July statistics for the Willamette Valley :
-- Stuart Tomlinson ;
stuarttomlinson@news.oregonian.com
* * *
See also the statement by the Korean Confederation of Trade Unions , ``Call to Action : Stop Police Suppression against the Striking workers of Ssangyong Motors ! ''
* * *
Scroll down for earlier coverage .
Urgent Appeal : Ssangyong Motor workers ’ lives in danger !
Solidarity urgent !
Monday , August 3 , 2009
Korean Metal Workers Union ( KMWU )
inter@metal.nodong.org
Dear friends ,
We urgently request your solidarity regarding Ssangyong Motor Workers ’ dispute .
It is urgent for the Korean government to step up and play a role toward a peaceful settlement !
Our union members ’ lives are in danger .
Ssangyong Motor management unilaterally broke off negotiations and
management is calling for riot police to raid the paintshop building or they will use their privately built up forces to enter the paintshop , further they have cut off the electricity , making for an extremely dangerous situation .
The company has used these private forces to repeatedly attack the sit - in strike and incite clashes .
The police should not allow company - hired private security forces and company - organised goons to attack the striking workers with nunchakus , pipes and other artillery , but the police allow them in and work together with them , dividing up responsibilities with non-State actors such as hired thugs who have no accountability and feel immune to law since they are already working joint operations together with the police .
Thus , the workers on a long strike with tension and lack of sleep and a very sensitive state are incited by the thugs to act in self - defence , while the government plays the role of precipitating violence by allowing these thugs into the dispute and also escalating tensions and self - defense instincts by creating a climate of fear and intimidation with continuously flying helicopters above , dropping chemical substances on sit - in strikers giving them chemical burns , and not allowing humanitarian aid such as food , water , medical care freely pass unimpeded .
Even prisoners of war are treated better than our union members on strike .
For almost the whole time , management has been urging the riot police to stamp out the strike , but briefly came to the negotiating table .
But with riot police , private security forces and goons training and waiting during the negotiations and maintaining the blockade on water and food .
Thus , management does not feel pressure to genuinely try to come to terms with the union because it can also resort to calling the riot police and management decided to walk out of negotiations , informing us through press conference .
PLEASE INFORM US OF YOUR SOLIDARITY ACTIONS !
In solidarity ,
Hyewon Chong
KMWU _inter@metal.nodong.org
We need water , food and medical attention !
Stop suppression of Ssangyong Motor workers ’ strike !
Lift the blockade !
Negotiate !
Police and management deny strikers access to food , water , medical treatment .
29 July 2009 Update
The 20 July police and management raid on the Korean Metal Workers ’ Union Ssangyong Motor Branch sit -in strike continues into the second week .
Police helicopters continue dropping corrosive chemical substances on the sit - in strikers .
Police and management have coordinated to blockade food , water , medical care from entering the plant and isolating the strikers , but the Ssangyong Motor workers are holding out despite severe conditions and serious human rights violations : ....
For the full text , please see the attached file .
KMWU_UrgentAppeal ( 29JULY ) .pdf
Police gear up for raid on Ssangyong workers
By Park Si-soo
Staff Reporter
July 28 , 2009 -- Police are gearing up again to forcibly disperse laid - off union workers from Ssangyong Motors who are occupying a building at the company 's factory in Pyeongtaek , Gyeonggi Province , after labor and management failed to produce an agreement .
Around 3000 riot police carried out large - scale simulation drills July 27 in preparation for a raid on the building .
Dozens of ambulances and fire engines were also mobilized in the drills .
" We are weighing the right time for an operation , " National Police Agency Commissioner Kang Hee-rak said .
" We will put priority on the safety of both protesters and police in doing so . "
In response , protesters reportedly have drawn up " defense lines " using flammable materials that could potentially ignite amid a major clash .
" If police launch an operation , we will fight back with slingshots , steel pipes , petrol bombs and other weapons , " a protester said using a loudhailer .
The union and management are sticking to their stances on key issues ― the union is demanding the cancellation of the layoffs and management said it will not begin talks until that demand is dropped .
Whether the government should take responsibility for selling the automaker to Shanghai Automotive Industry , which some say resulted in the Ssangyong insolvency , is also pitting the union against management .
Five lawmakers of opposition parties staged a sit -in Tuesday in front of the plant , demanding the government engage in talks with union representatives .
Eight other lawmakers issued a joint statement calling on the government to play a key role in ending the confrontation .
The lawmakers attempted to deliver 3000 bottles of fresh water and other aid kits to protesters , but were blocked by the police .
Jeon Myung - hoon , a spokesman for a progressive lawyers ' association , said it will file a suit against police for blocking the supplies .
Police cut the supply of these about a week ago .
Scores of protesters arrested in Ssangyong plant clash
July 26 , 2009 -- Yonhap reports that scores of demonstrators were arrested after they clashed with riot police in a sympathy protest for laid - off workers of the troubled Ssangyong Motor Co. , police said Sunday .
About 7000 members of the umbrella trade union federation KCTU and civic groups faced off with riot police Saturday July 25 as they attempted to enter the plant to provide drinking water to the protesting Ssayngyong workers .
Water and gas supplies to the plant have been cut by police .
" About 30 demonstrators were hauled away for breaking the law .
Two police motorbikes were also damaged during the clash " , police said .
More than 9000 police were mobilised over the weekend , firing water cannons and tear - gas bombs at the protesters .
Most of the activists disbanded voluntarily after failing to enter the plant , police said .
Also on Saturday , a new round of labour - management talks failed to begin due to Ssangyong 's refusal to attend .
The company said it would not come back to the bargaining table until the strikers end their " illegal and violent behaviour " .
There is nothing to talk about at the moment " , said Park Young - tae , representing Ssangyong management .
" We are ready to return to the negotiation table as soon as labour presents a new proposal . "
KCTU holds general strike in support of Ssangyong occupiers
Update , July 24 , 2009 -- Morning Star --
South Korean trade unions kicked off a two - day general strike on July 22 in support of striking Ssangyong workers who have occupied a Pyeongtaek car factory for more than two months .
The 700,000 - strong Korean Confederation of Trade Unions ( KCTU ) reported that " all affiliated unions " supported the action yesterday , which follows a series of heavy - handed attacks by riot police on unionised members of the Ssangyong Motors workforce .
The KCTU leadership has also launched a hunger strike and sit -in protest in front of the National Assembly in Seoul .
Some 800 Ssangyong workers have been occupying the Pyeongtaek facility since May , when management announced that it would axe 2646 workers -- 36 per cent of the workforce -- as part of a " restructuring plan " at the Chinese - owned plant .
Management has blocked all food from entering the factory and the trade unionists are reportedly surviving on three or four rice balls a day .
Bosses have prevented doctors and nurses from entering the compound , then on July 20 , more than 3000 riot police backed by around 30 vehicles mounted with water cannon stormed the factory compound , with creditors brandishing an eviction order in tow .
The combined forces failed to dislodge workers , who holed up in the plant 's paint shop .
On July 23 , police began dropping vats of tear gas from helicopters onto the workers and huge speakers have been installed near the occupied building , blaring messages calling on them to leave .
( See graphic photos below . )
Around 100 police commandos are reportedly on standby for a possible raid .
As yet there have been no hand - to - hand clashes , but 16 people , including five policemen , have been injured so far .
The KCTU observed in a statement that police and management " have embarked upon a joint operation to break the strike " , warning that the " police suppression symbolises further catastrophe rather than any attempts to solve the crisis of Ssangyong Motors . "
It declared that the strike must " continue strongly and indefatigably , despite whatever sacrifice and pain that may come in our way , " adding : " This July battle will decide the fate of workers . "
* * *
July 22 , 2009 --
The strike and factory occupation by workers at Ssangyong , in Pyeongtaek near Seoul , South Korea , is about the enter its eighth week .
About 800 fired employees are in a paint shop , confronting more than 3000 police .
On July 22 , according to the Hankyoreh newspaper , ``Police deployed some 400 men in the afternoon and are occupying a warehouse next to the factory headquarters .
The move has escalated tensions since the warehouse is a merely a few dozen meters away from the paint shop and provides a vantage point to the paint shop ’s entrance ... police advanced four lines of officers deployed inside the front gate some 20 meters to 30 meters at a time towards the paint shop beginning at 3:50 a.m .
Later that morning , they also used a helicopter to spray tearing agents in the air above the paint shop .
The unionists fired bolt air rifles and burned tires in response to the police advance . ''
Bosses claim the occupation has caused production losses of about 10,800 vehicles worth 230 billion won ( US $ 183 million ) as of July 15 .
Ssangyong plans to eliminate 36 per cent of its workforce to return to profit and meet a September 15 court deadline to submit a restructuring plan to avoid liquidation .
Ssangyong Motors is 51 % owned by China ’s Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation .
In February the company filed for bankruptcy , proposed a restructuring and offered the Pyeongtaek plant as collateral for further loans to escape bankruptcy .
The court approved the bankruptcy plan , pending ``adequate '' layoffs to make the company profitable again .
Following industrial action in anticipation of the layoffs , the workers launched their current strike on May 27 when the company announced the layoffs and forced retirement of 2600 out of 7000 workers , with immediate additional sackings of 300 casuals .
The workers slated for layoff immediately occupied the plant , demanding no layoffs , no casualisation and no outsourcing .
The Korean Metal Workers Union ( KMWU ) supported the occupation but tried to channel negations strictly around the question of layoffs .
As of mid-June , about 1000 workers were continuing the occupation , with families providing food .
The government and the company bided their time , in part because of a broader political crisis of the hard - right South Korean government which militated against an immediate police and thug attack .
But two weeks later , they felt confident to go on the offensive .
The workers , for their part , had armed themselves with iron crowbars and Molotov cocktails .
On June 26 - 27 a serious government and employer attack began , as hired thugs , scabs recruited from the workers not slated for the sack , and riot police tried to enter the factory .
They secured the main building after violent fighting in which many people were injured .
The occupying workers retreated to the paint sector , which was part of a defensive plan based on the belief that police would not fire tear - gas canisters into the highly flammable area .
( In January , five people in Seoul died in another fire set off during a confrontation with police , sparking outrage . )
The following day , the company issued a statement to the effect that there had been enough violence , but in reality in recognition of the tenacious resistance by the workers , and police and thugs were withdrawn .
The company urged the government to involve itself directly in negotiations .
All water to the plant was cut off at the end of June .
Following a court order , the forces of repression struck again on July 11 as riot police moved to seize the factory area , with the exception of the paint sector , and encircled the entire factory .
Ever since the attack of June 26 - 27 aimed at isolating Ssangyong ’s struggle and breaking the strike , solidarity actions outside the plant have been taking place to build broader support .
These included a street campaign , mainly from family organisations in the centrr of Seoul and Pyeongtaek areas , a four - hour general strike by the KMWU during which metalworkers from nearby plants rallied in front of Ssangyong factory gate ; 927 activists also held a one - day hunger strike in the centre of Seoul on July 11 ; and on July 4 and July 11 , the Korean Confederation of Trade Unions ( KCTU ) held nationwide rallies in support of the Ssangyong ’s struggle .
On July 16 , 3000 KMWU members gathered to support the Ssangyong strike in front of the Pyeongtaek City Hall .
When they tried to move to the factory after the rally , they were blocked by police and 82 workers were arrested on the spot .
[ Send solidarity messages to the KMWU at inter@metal.nodong.org ]
Brutal volence by riot police and thugs against the Ssangyong Workers
From the Korean Confederation of Trade Unions
1. [ 21 July 2009 ]
Riot police and management - hired thugs gang up to kick and beat up a union member who already has no possibility of resisting arrest
Source : Photo courtesy of Media Chungcheong
- Person wearing light grey pants , grey socks and dark grey athletic shoes crunched up under feet of policemen is KMWU union member ( inside red circle ) .
- Person holding a steel pipe with green duct tape wrapped around the handle for better grip ( far left ) and wearing a black shirt with white gloves and white athletic shoes is a management - hired thug .
( Persons in white helmets are thugs paid by management . )
- Persons in black helmets ( blue or yellow stripe ) are riot police .
- Red arrow points at management - hired thug holding shield .
- New photos heighten concern over the complete impropriety of public police forces collaborating with privately - contracted thugs to stop a strike .
2. [ 21 July 2009 ]
In addition to steel pipes , management - hired thug wearing construction site gloves also wields a baseball bat
Source : Photo courtesy of Media Chungcheong
3. [ 21 July 2009 ]
Thugs contracted by Ssangyong Motor Court receivers also come to factory with martial arts weapons ( in photo “ nunchaku ” are circled in red ) .
Source : Photo courtesy of Media Chungcheong
4. [ 21 July 2009 ]
Police use three helicopters to take turns to bombard sit - in strikers for hours with tear gas concentrate dropped from the sky
Source : Yonhap News
5. [ 21 July 2009 ]
Unionist trying to wash off chemicals poured from the police helicopter but that landed on his arm .
Unfortunately management cut off the water supply so he is using precious rationed water to get chemicals off his skin
6. [ 21 July 2009 ]
Police also drop plastic bags of tear - gas concentrate onto the sit - in area then use the wind created from helicopters to spread and lift the gas concentrate ( this method keeps concentration of tear gas high in area closest to workers sit-in )
7. Watercannon truck shooting water at the roof of the paintshop building in Ssangyong Motor Pyeongtaek plant
8. [ 22 July 2009 ] ` Dawn terror ' raid of the sit - in tent used by the wives and children of the striking workers
All four photos courtesy of Media Chungcheong .
- At 2:30 am , July 22 , 2009 management - organised goons suddenly emerged from the main gates of the factory and began tearing down the tent ( green canopy in photo on left ) used by the family members of the workers on strike and tearing down the signs they made .
- Journalists rushed to the scene to cover the emerging issue but the managerial goons began attacking the journalists ( third picture in which man in white dress shirt is choking the reporter in the white T - shirt and jeans , red circle around goon ’s stranglehold on person ’s neck ) .
- People at the site ( including other journalists and camera operator ) begin protesting that this is too much and even the reporters started to defend themselves from this sudden attack .
- Goons retreat and riot police move in to protect the managerial goons and give them safe cover to run back inside the factory .
9. [ 22 July 2009 ]
Unknown stinging chemical dropped onto striking unionists from this police helicopter .
After noticing that the new chemical burns through Styrofoam , sit - in strikers began to feel more alarmed as to what this substance might be
10 . [ 22 July 2009 ]
Police shoot water mixed with tear gas from a water cannon onto the striking workers who are on the roof of the assembly line team three building ( in front of the TRA building )
11 . [ 22 July 2009 ]
Management - organised goons ( near the TRA building ) are using slingshots to shoot bolts at the striking workers who are on the roof of assembly line team three building
Management - organised goons shoot nuts and bolts at the sit - in strikers with slingshots .
Atop the roof , one of the workers on sit - in strike shows the camera the bolts that management - organised goons shot at him
12 . [ 22 July 2009 ]
Management locks the gates to prevent human rights and healthcare groups and professionals from conveying medical care to sit - in strikers ; subsequently , riot police move in to arrest human rights groups and healthcare groups maintaining the denial of medical care to sick and injured sit -in strikers
Ssangyong Motor manager with management - organised goons standing behind him .
Here , the management is locking the front gates to keep out healthcare groups and professionals .
The healthcare professionals have been receiving calls from sit -in strikers who need medical attention but cannot leave the sit - in site for fear of arrest .
They are suffering from :
- torn ligaments and broken bones
- open wounds needing stitches
- optic nerve damage
- stress -related issues ( depression etc )
The medical professionals assert that untreated wounds will get infected and torn ligaments and broken bones need to be set .
Second , they are attempting to convey food , drinking water , diabetes medication , blood pressure medication and other medical supplies to the workers on strike
Riot police move in and arrest the doctors and human rights advocates .
The riot police used taser gun against the striking workers .
TWKR , All Boxed Up
Two AMD Phenom II X4 42 Black Edition TWKR ( whew , that 's a mouthful ) CPUs , side by side .
This is a picture that you 'll likely not see anywhere else .
After all , these are pretty rare chips .
The TWKR - edition CPUs are currently the most sought - after and coveted AMD processors in the world , at least if you 're a hardcore overclocker .
Ever since pictures of the TWKR CPUs were leaked a few weeks back , enthusiasts everywhere have been buzzing about them .
What hidden superpower do these chips have ?
What makes these processors so special ?
Tom 's Hardware , along with Team IRONMODS , will put these two chips to the test to see what really makes them tick .
But first , here 's a bit of background on these unique offerings .
According to AMD , there are approximately 100 TWKR processors in the world .
These chips were created especially for the extreme overclocking community to operate beyond the specification of typical production - level processors .
What makes these chips special is the fact that they are considered “ high leakage ” parts .
In this context , high leakage means that the processors " leak " more current than a normal Phenom II CPU and consequently run hotter , which actually turns out to be a positive for the overclocking crowd ( even if it means they 're more likely to die an early death ) .
They can take on more voltage and generally tend to scale higher when cooled with extreme methods , such as liquid nitrogen or liquid helium .
TWKR : “ Not For Sale ”
If you look closely at the TWKR - edition 's heatspreader , you 'll see AMD Phenom II 42 , TWKR Black Edition , Not for Sale .
There is no serial number or any other identification marker .
This is because the chip is offered “ as - is , ” and not covered by AMD 's product warranty due to the increased heat and expected shorter life they 're destined to live .
These chips cannot be purchased ( currently ) , and they are given away at AMD 's discretion to members of the overclocking community for the purpose of breaking speed records on specialized test benches .
If you 're part of that community , you 'll want to pay particular attention to this piece , as we have a little surprise in store for you .
The fact that these chips are high leakage components actually makes them undesireable as retail processors .
Whereas AMD 's flagship Phenom II X4 955 Black Edition falls within AMD 's specified thermal limits , these TWKR - edition CPUs do not .
They draw more power , generate more heat , and run less efficiently than the chips that AMD sells .
The hardcore overclocking community is n't really concerned about efficiency or heat , though .
Rather , they 're looking for sheer performance , which leads to record - setting benchmark results .
This is why AMD 's TWKR is so attractive for extreme overclockers and not average users , or even overclockers cooling with air .
Specialized CPU Pots
Here are two cooling pots designed and made by K|ngP|n .
Cooling pots are more than just containers to hold sub -zero liquids .
Each pot is specifically engineered and crafted to effectively remove the heat from the processor and efficiently utilize the cooling substance inside .
The Dragon F1 Extreme Edition on the right is currently the best Intel Core i7 pot on the market .
Its solid copper mass allows an overclocker to control and maintain the temperature of the processors to within a few degrees .
This is critical for Intel Core i7 processors that run hot and suffer from both a cold bug and cold boot bug .
More on what a cold bug actually is in just a moment .
The big pot on the left is the latest Venom Liquid Nitrogen pot , which has been designed specifically for the AMD Phenom II processors .
The extra copper mass allows the CPU to maintain consistent temperature at very high voltages , while the huge chamber allows for maximum LN2 volume to keep the processors as cold as possible .
In the past , most processors have had issues preventing them from performing below a certain temperature .
This is known as a cold bug .
Cold bugs can vary greatly , manifesting themselves in different ways .
Some will cause general instability below a certain temperature , while others will completely lock up the machine .
Fortunately , the Phenom II has no such cold bug .
In fact , Phenom II has been proven to scale better the colder it gets .
To prove this , AMD has demonstrated the Phenom II hitting unbelievable clock rates while being cooled with liquid helium ( almost 70 degrees C colder than liquid nitrogen ) .
Insulation
Since the Phenom II ( and by extension , these TWKR CPUs ) have no cold bugs , the processors will run at very cold temperatures for extended periods of time .
Proper insulation is important if you want to maintain the life of your processors and components .
Running at sub -zero temperatures usually results in condensation and frost build - up .
To prevent components from shorting out from condensation , a large area around the processor socket is covered with kneadable eraser .
Kneadable eraser has some very good characteristics , making it a common piece of material in many overclockers ' toolboxes .
First , the material is very pliable .
It has a slightly firmer texture than Play - Doh and modeling clay .
The composition of the eraser allows the material to be flattened and shaped to fit around any curves and crevices .
This helps create an air - tight seal around the motherboard and prevent moisture from building up .
In addition , kneadable eraser does not break or crack under extreme conditions .
Once the bench session is done , the eraser can be easily removed with no residue on the board , and then rolled into a ball for future applications .
After the board has been insulated , the pot has to follow with a similar treatment .
The pot itself is covered with 1/2 ” foam insulation and wrapped with paper towels .
The foam insulation helps the pot maintain its temperature , while the paper towel removes any condensation that forms on the side of the foam .
Once the pot and motherboard have been properly insulated , thermal paste is applied and the pot is fastened onto the board for some a very fun benching .
Breaking Out The Gear
When performing extreme overclocking with LN2 , it is very important to use the highest - quality equipment possible .
There is nothing more frustrating than a mediocre component limiting your benchmark potential .
Each components used for this test run has been carefully scrutinized to maximize overclocking performance .
Here is a list of components that were hand - selected for this bench session :
Processors : AMD Phenom II X4 42 Black Edition TWKRCPU Cooling
: Venom and Dragon F1 EE
Motherboard : Gigabyte MA790FXT - UD5
PMemory
: 2 x 1 GB Crucial Ballistix PC - 18000 DDR3PowerSupply
: Silverstone Decathlon 1,200 WattGraphics Cards
: 2 x Sapphire Radeon HD 4890 Hard Drive
: Western Digital Raptor 10 K RPMVideo Card Cooling
: Danger Den Maze 4 GPU and 240 mm Black Ice Xtreme
Filling The Pot With LN2
With the AMD TWKR - edition processor strapped onto the motherboard and the pot mounted tight , it is time to start the LN2 bench session .
As the LN2 is poured into the pot , it quickly boils off as the temperature of the pot drops .
It take approximately 1 - 2 liters of LN2 before the pot reaches approximately - 180 C .
Once the pot reaches the optimal temperature , LN2 will be poured sparingly to maintain that temperature .
LN2 consumption will vary based on the amount of voltage sent to the processors , as well as the clock rate and processing load .
If these chips are n't subject to the limitations of a cold bug , why are we not using liquid helium for the most insane overclocking experience possible ?
There are two key factors that make liquid helium unattractive for benching .
First , helium costs approximately five times more than nitrogen .
LN2 can be purchase for around $ 1 to $ 2 a liter , while liquid helium can range from $ 5 to $ 8 a liter .
Secondly , liquid helium also burns off a lot faster than nitrogen .
A 160 L Dewar of liquid helium can be used up in a matter of hours .
Unlike LN2 , which can be poured into a thermos , liquid helium has to be dispensed directly from the Dewar and into the pot .
Liquid helium benching would be ideal once the entire system has been dialed in with nitrogen first .
Max CPUz Stable Clock
So , how fast can these processors go ?
It turns out that AMD 's binning , which filters out these high leakages parts , works in favor of the extreme overclocker .
Pushing approximately 1.75 V to the CPU , we were able to hit 6.4 GHz .
Could the processor hit even higher frequencies ?
We are pretty sure it could with even more voltage and better cooling .
We did not try more than 1.75 V on this chip for fear that we 'd cut its already - destined - to - be - short life even shorter , or even kill it on the bench .
We have a lot more tests that still need to be run and a dead CPU does n't perform well .
Is it possible that your retail Phenom II X4 955 Black Edition processor might perform as well or better than one of these TWKR chips ?
The simple answer is , yes .
The chances are fairly slim , though .
With the TWKR , extreme overclockers know that the chip they have in their hand has all the attributes of an exceptional performer .
The speed that can be achieved by one of these processors is neither guaranteed nor predictable .
Just like retail processors , the overclocking headroom on each chip will vary .
At its default settings , the TWKR boots at 2 GHz ( 10 x 200 MHz ) .
Under more traditional cooling methods ( air , water , phase change , and cascade ) , the TWKR will probably perform similar to retail Phenom II Black Edition offerings .
Indeed , the Phenom II X4 42 BE TWKR is designed to shine under extreme sub - zero cooling with LN2 and LHe .
Freeze The TWKR For Best Performance
There is a misconception that , in order to get higher speeds , all you need is higher voltage .
That statement is not always correct .
The key in achieving higher clock rates is efficiently using the power supplied to the processor .
If you look at the photo above , you can see that we were able to reach 5.8 GHz with only 1.44 V to the processor ( 1.45 V set in the motherboard 's BIOS ) .
This is the same amount of voltage that many overclockers on air and water use with their Phenom IIs .
The difference is that the processor is at approximately - 187 C .
With LN2 cooling , the processor is able to run very efficiently .
And with even better cooling , it is possible that the CPU would run even faster with the same voltage .
Benchmark Results : 3DMark03
Since this TWKR chip is designed for for extreme overclocking , running desktop applications and gaming benchmarks did not seem suitable .
These processors are not meant to be operated 24/7 ; rather , they 're designed for benchmarking in the types of apps used by overclockers to set records .
These benchmarks are initial results .
With more time and LN2 , the scores can definitely be optimized .
This is a low - voltage 3DMark03 run .
With the TWKR running at 5.6 GHz ( at 1.48 V ) and only 2 video cards , we were able to achieve a score of approximately 125,000 points .
Benchmark Results : 3DMark05
In 3DMark05 , the Phenom II X4 42 TWKR is running at 5.6 GHz ( at less than 1.5 V ) .
Paired to a couple of Radeon HD 4890s , we were able to break the 40,000 point barrier .
Benchmark Results : 3DMark06
This was the last benchmark we were able to run before our supply of LN2 ran out .
The screen shot is only at 5.3 Ghz with voltage cranked up to 1.74 V .
With voltage cranked up all the way , we were able to see that the processor was very sensitive to temperature .
If it heated up a few degrees , it would instantly BSOD .
This at least suggests that the CPU would scale even better if we had access to some helium , for example .
We were unable to run 3DMark06 at the magical 6 GHz level on all four cores .
With no more LN2 , the 6 GHz benches will have to be postponed until another time .
Our Mission
Serving persecuted Christians through practical and spiritual assistance and leading other members of the body of Christ into fellowship with them .
About VOM
Radioactive tobacco
by David Malmo - Levine ( 02 Jan , 2002 )
It 's not tobacco 's tar which kills , but the radiation !
image : Adbusters Cannabis is often compared to tobacco , with the damage caused by smoking tobacco given as a reason to prohibit use of cannabis .
Yet most of the harms caused by tobacco use are due not to tar , but to the use of radioactive fertilizers .
Surprisingly , radiation seems to be the most dangerous and important factor behind tobacco lung damage .
Radioactive fertilizer
It 's a well established but little known fact that commercially grown tobacco is contaminated with radiation .
The major source of this radiation is phosphate fertilizer .
1
The big tobacco companies all use chemical phosphate fertilizer , which is high in radioactive metals , year after year on the same soil .
These metals build up in the soil , attach themselves to the resinous tobacco leaf and ride tobacco trichomes in tobacco smoke , gathering in small " hot spots " in the small - air passageways of the lungs .
2
Tobacco is especially effective at absorbing radioactive elements from phosphate fertilizers , and also from naturally occurring radiation in the soil , air , and water .
3
To grow what the tobacco industry calls " more flavorful " tobacco , US farmers use high - phosphate fertilizers .
The phosphate is taken from a rock mineral , apatite , that is ground into powder , dissolved in acid and further processed .
Apatite rock also contains radium , and the radioactive elements lead 210 and polonium 210 .
The radioactivity of common chemical fertilizer can be verified with a Geiger - Mueller counter and an open sack of everyday 13 - 13 - 13 type of fertilizer ( or any other chemical fertilizer high in phosphate content ) .
4
Conservative estimates put the level of radiation absorbed by a pack - and - a - half a day smoker at the equivalent of 300 chest X - rays every year .
5 The Office of Radiation , Chemical & Biological Safety at Michigan State University reports that the radiation level for the same smoker was as high as 800 chest X - rays per year .
6
Another report argues that a typical nicotine user might be getting the equivalent of almost 22,000 chest X - rays per year .
7
US Surgeon General C Everett Koop stated on national television in 1990 that tobacco radiation is probably responsible for 90 % of tobacco - related cancer .
8
Dr RT
Ravenholt , former director of World Health Surveys at the Centers for Disease Control , has stated that " Americans are exposed to far more radiation from tobacco smoke than from any other source . "
9
Researchers have induced cancer in animal test subjects that inhaled polonium 210 , but were unable to cause cancer through the inhalation of any of the non-radioactive chemical carcinogens found in tobacco .
10
The most potent non-radioactive chemical , benzopyrene , exists in cigarettes in amounts sufficient to account for only 1 % of the cancer found in smokers .
9
Smoke screen
Surprisingly , the US National Cancer Institute , with an annual budget of $ 500 million , has no active grants for research on radiation as a cause of lung cancer .
1
Tobacco smoking has been popular for centuries , 11 but lung cancer rates have only increased significantly after the 1930's .
12
In 1930 the lung cancer death rate for white US males was 3.8 per 100,000 people .
By 1956 the rate had increased almost tenfold , to 31 per 100,000.13 Between 1938 and 1960 , the level of polonium 210 in American tobacco tripled , commensurate with the increased use of chemical fertilizers .
14
Publicly available internal memos of tobacco giant Philip Morris indicate that the tobacco corporation was well aware of radiation contamination in 1974 , and that they had means to remove polonium from tobacco in 1980 , by using ammonium phosphate as a fertilizer , instead of calcium phosphate .
One memo describes switching to ammonium phosphate as a " valid but expensive point .
"
15
Attorney Amos Hausner , son of the prosecutor who sent Nazi Adolf Eichmann to the gallows , is using these memos as evidence to fight the biggest lawsuit in Israel 's history , to make one Israeli and six US tobacco companies pay up to $ 8 billion for allegedly poisoning Israelis with radioactive cigarettes .
16
image : Adbusters Organic solutions
The radioactive elements in phosphate fertilizers also make their way into our food and drink .
Many food products , especially nuts , fruits , and leafy plants like tobacco absorb radioactive elements from the soil , and concentrate them within themselves .
17
The fluorosilicic acid used to make the " fluoridated water " most of us get from our taps is made from various fluorine gases captured in pollution scrubbers during the manufacture of phosphate fertilizers .
This fluoride solution put into our water for " strong teeth " also contains radioactive elements from the phosphate extraction .
18
Although eating and drinking radioactive products is not beneficial , the most harmful and direct way to consume these elements is through smoking them.19
The unnecessary radiation delivered from soil - damaging , synthetic chemical fertilizers can easily be reduced through the use of alternative phosphate sources including organic fertilizers .
20
In one test , an organic fertilizer appeared to emit less alpha radiation than a chemical fertilizer .
21
More tests are needed to confirm this vital bit of harm - reduction information .
Organic fertilizers such as organic vegetable compost , animal manure , wood ash and seaweed have proven to be sustainable and non-harmful to microbes , worms , farmers and eaters or smokers .
Chemical phosphates may seem like a bargain compared to natural phosphorous , until you factor in the health and environmental costs .
To ensure that cannabis remains the safest way to get high , we must always use organic fertilizers and non -toxic pesticides .
We should also properly cure the buds , take advantage of high - potency breeding and use smart - smoking devices like vaporizers and double - chambered glass water bongs .
These will all help to address concern over potential lung damage far more effectively than either a jail cell or a 12 - step program .
Tobacco smokers can also use this information to avoid radioactive brands of tobacco .
American Spirit is one of a few companies that offers an organic line of cigarettes , and organic cigars are also available from a few companies .
You can also grow your own tobacco , which is surprisingly easy and fun .
Until the public has an accurate understanding of how phosphate fertilizers carry radiation , and why commercial tobacco causes lung cancer but cannabis does not , there will be many needless tobacco - related deaths , and increased resistance to the full legalization of marijuana .
References
1. Winters , TH and Franza , JR . ' Radioactivity in Cigarette Smoke , ' New England Journal of Medicine , 1982 . 306(6 ) : 364-365 , web
2. Edward A Martell , PhD. ' Letter to the Editor , ' New England Journal of Medicine , 1982 . 307( 5 ) : 309-313 , web
3. Ponte , Lowell .
' Radioactivity : The New - Found Danger in Cigarettes , ' Reader 's Digest , March 1986 .
pp. 123-127 .
4. Kilthau , GF .
' Cancer risk in relation to radioactivity in tobacco , ' Radiologic Technology , Vol 67 , January 11 , 1996 , web
5. Maryland Department of Health & Mental Hygiene .
Website , 2001 , web
6. Office of Environmental Health and Safety , Utah State University .
' Cigarettes are a Major Source of Radiation Exposure , ' Safety Line , Issue 33 , Fall 1996 , web
7. Nursing & Allied Healthweek , 1996 ,
8. Herer , Jack .
The Emperor Wears No Clothes , 11th edition , 1998 .
p. 110 , web
9. Litwak , Mark .
' Would You Still Rather Fight Than Switch ? '
Whole Life Times , April / May , 1985 .
pp 11 , web
10 . Yuille , CL ; Berke , HL ; Hull , T. ' Lung cancer following Pb210 inhalation in rats . '
Radiation Res , 1967 .
31:760-774 .
11 . Borio , Gene . Tobacco Timeline .
Website , 2001 , web
12 . Taylor , Peter .
The Smoke Ring .
Pantheon Books , NY , 1984 .
pp. 2 - 3 , web
13 . Smith , Lendon , MD. ' There Ought to Be a Law , ' Chiroweb.com , November 20 , 1992 , web
14 . Marmorstein , J. ' Lung cancer : is the increasing incidence due to radioactive polonium in cigarettes ? '
South Medical Journal , February 1986 .
79(2) :145-50 , web
15 . Phillip Morris internal memo , April 2 1980 .
Available online at www.pmdocs.com, web
16 . Goldin , Megan . " ' Radioactive ' cigarettes cited in Israeli lawsuit . "
Reuters , June 23 , 2000 .
17 . Health Physics Society , ' Naturally occuring radioactive materials factsheet , ' 1997 .
see also : Watters , RL .
Hansen , WR .
' The hazards implication of the transfer of unsupported 210 Po from alkaline soil to plants , ' Health Physics Journal , April 1970 .
18(4):409-13 , web and web
18 . Glasser , George .
' Fluoride and the phosphate connection . '
Earth Island Journal , earthisland.org , web
19 . Watson , AP .
' Polonium - 210 and Lead-210 in Food and Tobacco Products : A Review of Parameters and an Estimate of Potential Exposure and Dose . '
Oak Ridge National Laboratory , 1983 .
Florida Institute of Phosphate Research .
20 . Burnett , William ; Schultz , Michael ; Hull , Carter .
' Behavior of Radionuclides During Ammonocarbonation of Phosphogypsum . '
Florida State University , Florida Institute of Phosphate Research .
March , 1995 , web
21 . Hornby , Paul , Dr. Personal communication , 2001 .
• David Malmo- Levine : email dagreenmachine@excite.com
• American Spirit : 1-800-332-5595 ; web www.nascigs.com
In this country , no level of stupidity ever surprises me .
But today I was actually shocked by stupidity .
Pioneer Press / TwinCities.com sportswriter Don Seeholzer actually reported that Sir Charles in Charge is Charles Barkley ’s blog ( post has been removed after the fact , but here ’s a PDF … Update : nevermind , they ’ve made the same mistake twice ! ) , despite all the signs to the contrary .
Forget the SCIC
About page which lists the names of five bloggers — zero with the initials C.B.
Forget the disclaimer at the bottom of the same page , which reads …
“ This site is also not affiliated with Charles Barkley in any way . ”
Forget that the referenced post was titled “ Uncontested Shots – NBA News , Notes , and Observations From a Self - Described B - Ball Geek , ” with “ By Andrew Ungvari ” listed right underneath the post title in bold font .
Forget that Barkley himself has talked about being a caveman technologically .
Forget how much money it would take for the FanSided.com Sports Network to get the Chuckster to blog .
Throw all of that out the window , baby .
If the site is named after Sir Charles , it must be Sir Charles ’ site !
Simple logic .
Sorry , Don Seeholzer , but I see holes in your journalism .
Sorry , could n’t resist .
But , seriously , how did you miss all of those signs ?
Furthermore , why not drop the owners of the site an e-mail just to cover your ass and do a little fact - checking ?
And what about the editors ?
Does Pioneer Press / TwinCities.com even have editors ?
Are they working today ?
If so , are they sober ?
I am just blown away that this monumental eff - up got as far as it did .
Check it out for yourself ( we ’ve grabbed a snapshot because we knew they ’d take it down after our post ) …
Say what you will about bloggers , but I ’ve never seen a reputable blogger make a mistake like this one .
In fact , it ’s been my experience that bloggers go the extra mile when it comes to research .
Most bloggers also do a great job of identifying and linking sources , which was obviously not the case here .
All this is worth noting because the mainstream media blasts the practices and standards of bloggers on a regular basis .
If Barkely did blog for this site , he ’d only have one word to say about your journalism , Seeholzer — “ turrible . ”
Let 's step back from the iPhone leak suicide for a minute and just think about the basics of what happened .
A phone was lost .
A guy was tortured .
A guy killed himself or something .
Over a fucking phone .
Advertisement
It may have been a very special phone , and it may have been a phone that would have cost a company and its shareholders maybe upwards of billions of theoretical dollars if it had leaked out into a competitor 's hands , but really , it 's a phone .
Is it worth a life ?
No .
I think this secrecy thing has gone far enough .
Especially since nothing stays unleaked ever anymore !
Advertisement
What caused the death ?
An overzealous security official who used " interrogation methods " to find the phone .
A fucking phone .
Going to extremes like putting the worker into solitary confinement , searching his house ( illegally ?
legally ? ) and possibly beating him is n't the way to go about things .
I know , the employer probably put a lot of pressure on the security chief to find that phone — maybe even threatening the chief himself with termination if the missing device was n't found — but he 's a grown man .
He can make his own decisions about right and wrong .
Torturing a guy over a phone is not right .
It 's just a job .
Is it worth a life ?
No .
But of course the blame does n't lie only with the security guard .
The company Foxconn and its parent company Hon Hai are n't pillars of the Chinese community when it comes to placing the welfare of its employees above how much yuan they squeeze out of them .
Foxconn admitted to breaking Chinese labor laws .
CHINESE labor laws .
If they do n't care about their workers under normal , everyday circumstances , how much do you think they 'll value a man 's welfare if they think a little roughing up will save a multi-million dollar contract and secure future dealings with Apple ?
It 's just money .
Is it worth a life ?
No .
And was this method of interrogation even such a smart idea in the first place ?
If you 're just so compelled to torture someone ( which you should n't be ) do n't do it over shit that would be leaked three months down the road anyhow .
Think about the last two years : do you remember any Apple product that has n't had spy shots leaked beforehand that turned out to be real ?
It 's now become inevitable .
The CIA does n't torture someone to stop the sun from coming up .
That 's fucking retarded .
Advertisement
As for Apple , are they blameless in this ?
No , of course not .
They know exactly what kind of people they 're dealing with .
Remember that Chinese labor law story linked above ?
Apple sent a team to investigate Foxconn before the manufacturer admitted to wrongdoings , yet found nothing out of the ordinary .
In fact , you could come to the conclusion that having an insanely locked - down company do your manufacturing is the situation Apple prefers , so they can use fear and intimidation tactics to maintain their culture of secrecy .
But really , it 's just a product .
Is it worth a life ?
No .
Apple 's Internal Secrecy Protocol
Is Ridiculous
Apple is known for being secretive to the extreme , but did you know some of their employees look …
Read more
Advertisement
This may have started about a missing phone , but in the end , it all boils down to being about money .
Someone was indirectly killed , through a sequence of sad and unfortunate events , over money .
You know who kills for money ?
Criminals .
So please , Apple , stop doing business with criminals .
And get your own priorities straight .
A phone is not worth dying , or killing , over .
[ iPhone leak suicide coverage @ Giz ]
Campaigners say bottled water is bad for the environment A rural town in Australia has voted overwhelmingly to ban the sale of bottled water over concerns about its environmental impact .
Campaigners say Bundanoon , in New South Wales , may be the first community in the world to have such a ban .
They say huge amounts of resources are used to extract , package and transport bottled water .
The discarded plastic bottles then end up as litter or go into landfill sites , the " Bundy on Tap " campaign says .
More than 350 residents turned out to vote at the public meeting in the town hall .
Only one resident voted against the ban , along with a representative from the bottled water industry , ABC news reported .
The BBC's Nick Bryant in Sydney says locals have promised not to set upon visitors if they ignore the ban , but they will be encouraged to fill a reusable container from water fountains in the main street .
The reusable bottles will bear the slogan " Bundy on Tap " .
Campaigner John
Dee said local opinion had been incensed when a drinks company announced plans to tap an underground reservoir in the town .
Environmental impact " The company has been looking to extract water locally , bottle it in Sydney and bring it back here to sell it , " he said .
" It made people look at the environmental impact of bottled water and the community has been quite vocal about it . "
The ban has been supported by shopkeepers in the town , which has a population of about 2,500 .
" We believe Bundanoon is the world 's first town that has got its retailers to ban bottled water , " said Mr Dee .
" We have n't found it anywhere else . "
New South Wales Premier Nathan Rees has backed the cause , ordering government departments to stop buying bottled water and use tap water instead .
Mr Rees says it will save taxpayers money and help the environment .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
StuffIt Expander is available on the iOS and Mac App Store .
Links to StuffIt Expander and updates to earlier versions of StuffIt are available at https://stuffit.com/
No new updates for the current or past versions of Stuffit will be forthcoming and no new versions will be released .
The software should continue to function on the supported Operating Systems and Hardware as indicated by the System Requirements .
Support for all versions of Stuffit is limited to installing the software on a supported system .
Any issues or problems encountered using the software will not be addressed as the software is officially discontinued .
StuffIt Deluxe has been discontinued as of November 2019 as it has reached its End of Life .
For several versions Apple has included the Archive Utility which can create and open ZIP Files on Macs and those files can be opened on Windows systems .
StuffIt Destinations has also been discontinued as it has reached its End of Life .
Iran : Deaths Confirmed In Saturday ’s Unrest
Latest Updates : 6/21/2009 @ 8:00 AM
( PST ) .
The Iranian TV reports that at least 13 were killed in Saturday ’s riots .
Today , Tehran is relatively calm as demonstrators & activists await for instructions from Mousavi .
At least one person was killed in Tehran when a suicide bomber blew himself up near the shrine of Ayatollah Khomeini .
An Iranian police representative stated : ” A terrorist detonated his explosive vest in the Ayatollah Khomeini shrine causing damage in one section of it . ”
Some protesters feel that the attack was orchestrated by the government .
Iranian police have used tear gas & water cannons against thousands of demonstrators .
The efforts of the police trying to block access to Revolution Square were largely in vain .
A protester said : ” Now it is tear gas , I am sure it wo n’t take them long to start using other type of ammunition . ”
Mousavi declined to meet with the Guardian Council , Iran highest legislative authority , concerning the voting irregularities .
Mousavi called , later on in the day , for a general strike in case of an arrest .
He said he was willing to become a martyr if necessary .
Mousavi ’s web site is still running with regular news updates .
Mousavi has also a photo feed on Flickr featuring today ’s events .
Mousavi remains resolute & defiant .
This is the translation of Mousavi ’s statement made available by Tehran Bureau.com
Despite the violent crack down by the authority , protests will continue .
A sign of the reformists resolution came in the form of people screaming ” Death the dictator ” from Teheran ’s roof tops at dawn today .
By associating his fate to the one of Ahmadinejad , Ayatollah Khamenei is making a very dangerous calculation that could prove fatal to his own political future .
JavaScript variables are loosely / dynamically typed and the language does n’t care how a value is declared or changed .
2017.08.22 : This article has been updated to reflect the current state of the JavaScript ecosystem .
let x ; x = 1 ; x = ' 1 ' ; x = [ 1 ] ;
Seemingly different values equate to true when compared with == ( loose or abstract equality ) because JavaScript ( effectively ) converts each to a string representation before comparison :
1 == ' 1 ' ; 1 == [ 1 ] ; ' 1 ' == [ 1 ] ;
A more obvious false result occurs when comparing with === ( strict equality ) because the type is considered :
1 === ' 1 ' ; 1 === [ 1 ] ; ' 1 ' === [ 1 ] ;
Internally , JavaScript sets a value to one of six primitive data types :
Undefined ( a variable with no defined value )
Null ( a single null value )
Boolean ( true or false )
Number ( this includes Infinity and NaN – not a number ! )
and – not a number ! )
String ( textual data )
Symbol ( a unique and immutable primitive new to ES6 / 2015 )
Everything else is an Object — including arrays .
Truthy and Falsy
As well as a type , each value also has an inherent boolean value , generally known as either truthy or falsy .
Some of the rules are a little bizarre so understanding the concepts and effect on comparison helps when debugging JavaScript applications .
The following values are always falsy :
false
0 ( zero )
( zero ) '' or " " ( empty string )
or ( empty string ) null
undefined
NaN
Everything else is truthy .
That includes :
' 0 ' ( a string containing a single zero )
( a string containing a single zero ) ' false ' ( a string containing the text “ false ” )
( a string containing the text “ false ” ) [ ] ( an empty array )
( an empty array ) {} ( an empty object )
( an empty object ) function ( ) {} ( an “ empty ” function )
A single value can therefore be used within conditions , e.g .
if ( value ) { } else { }
Loose Equality Comparisons
With ==
Unexpected situations can occur when comparing truthy and falsy values using the == loose equality :
== true false 0 '' null undefined NaN Infinity [ ] {} true true false false false false false false false false false false false true true true false false false false true false 0 false true true true false false false false true false '' false true true true false false false false true false null false false false false true true false false false false undefined false false false false true true false false false false NaN false false false false false false false false false false Infinity false false false false false false false true false false [ ] false true true true false false false false false false {} false false false false false false false false false false
The rules :
false , zero and empty strings are all equivalent .
null and undefined are equivalent to themselves and each other but nothing else .
NaN is not equivalent to anything – including another NaN !
Infinity is truthy – but cannot be compared to true or false !
An empty array is truthy – yet comparing with true is false and comparing with false is true ?!
Examples :
false == 0 ; 0 == '' ; null == undefined ; [ ] == false ; ! ! [ 0 ] == true ; false == null ; NaN == NaN ; Infinity == true ; [ ] == true ; [ 0 ] == true ;
Strict Equality Comparisons
With ===
The situation is clearer when using a strict comparison because the value types must match :
=== true false 0 '' null undefined NaN Infinity [ ] {} true true false false false false false false false false false false false true false false false false false false false false 0 false false true false false false false false false false '' false false false true false false false false false false null false false false false true false false false false false undefined false false false false false true false false false false NaN false false false false false false false false false false Infinity false false false false false false false true false false [ ] false false false false false false false false false false {} false false false false false false false false false false
The only exception is NaN which remains stubbornly inequivalent to everything .
Recommendations
Truthy and falsy values can catch out the most experienced developers .
Those new to programming or migrating from other languages have no chance !
Fortunately , there are simple steps to catch the most difficult - to - spot errors when handling truthy and falsy variables :
1. Avoid direct comparisons
It ’s rarely necessary to compare two truthy and falsy values when a single value will always equate to true or false :
if ( x == false ) if ( ! x )
2 . Use === strict equality
Use a === strict equality ( or !== strict inequality ) comparisons to compare values and avoid type conversion issues :
if ( x == y ) if ( x === y )
3. Convert to real Boolean values where necessary
Any value can be converted to a real Boolean value using a double - negative !!
to be absolutely certain a false is generated only by false , 0 , " " , null , undefined and NaN :
if ( x === y ) if ( ! ! x === ! ! y )
Conclusion
Truthy and falsy values allow you to write terse JavaScript conditions and ternary operators .
However , always consider the edge cases .
A rogue empty array or NaN variable could lead to many hours of debugging grief !
by Kofi Kyerewaa
Despite the repetitive Nazi name - calling , the British National Party achieved their hope of getting elected into the European Parliament , and the British hard left once again finds itself at the margins of electoral politics and unable to match the BNP in votes even across its fractured political front .
The landscape has changed : the British National Party can command 900,000 votes , while a hotch - pot of Stalinist bureaucrats , Impossibilists ( SPGB ) and Scottish Socialists garnered less than half at 350,000 .
What is Socialist Workers Party leader Martin Smith ’s remedy to this tragic state of affairs ?
More of the same with added egg throwing , “ No freedom of speech for fascists ” , “ we should ban the BNP ” and , bizarrely on BBC ’s Newsnight Smith exclaimed to the polite but patronising Jeremy Paxman and Lib Dem MP Simon Hughes that the BNP had to be stopped because “ they are counter - revolutionaries [ to a Socialist Revolution ? ] ! ”
The question facing socialists is that as believers in democracy , do we respect the BNP ’s ‘ democratic right to express its views ’ ?
Or does the call for ‘ No freedom of speech for fascists ’ and therefore state censorship help in the battle to defeat the far right ?
The principle of ‘ No platform for fascists ’ has been a stalwart of anti-fascist tactics since the days of accepting no platform in the National Union of Students in the early ’90s .
This argument has been outlined as follows :
1 ) When the BNP speak , attacks on migrants increase in the surrounding area – 6 million Jews did n’t die because they failed to win the argument .
2 ) Rational debate with the BNP is impossible because they lie .
3 ) The BNP are fascists and seek to destroy working class power , they are not a “ respectable ” or “ legitimate ” party !
They destroy our freedoms so we must destroy theirs !
Point 1 : Without doubt the BNP are particularly good at attracting vicious and hateful racists .
Where they organise it is without surprise that incitement to hatred results in attacks on immigrant communities .
No platform in society means a state enforced media blackout , a laughable demand when you consider that Daily Mail and the Sun are the most popular papers in Britain and that the BNP has the most popular political party website .
To prevent the BNP from having the ‘ right to speak ’ does not just mean banning them as a political party but also means calling for more powers for the state to suppress wherever they seek to speak .
‘ No freedom of speech for fascists ’ is equal to McCarthyism for fascists which is as precarious as pissing in the wind .
Yes , we must defend ethnic groups from racist attacks which happen by the state much more than BNP thugs our answers are at looking to working class self - defence against fascists and not by an extension of the surveillance state .
And as it happens , it is we who must physically confront fascists in self - defence when they pose a threat : we can not rely on any organ of the state to do that for us .
Point 2 : Avoiding debate is a non-solution as rather than denying the BNP the oxygen of publicity or legitimacy , we find that their ideas are spread unchallenged politically .
Socialists , rather than making the case politically about why we need to fight for the defence of all , are reduced to name calling and reporting on certain personalities ( odious though they maybe ) .
Electoral victories for the BNP shows that it is n’t working .
Such adherence to the principle of being willing to physically fight but not ideologically fight the BNP is absurd when they are close to controlling councils and have elected members of the European Parliament .
The BNP are not going to be banned .
Neither should we clamour for it : fascist ideas are not defeated by state diktat .
When socialists are campaigning on bread and butter issues like council housing or unemployment , working class people are dealt out rhetoric and propagandistic activity rather than mutual aid and support .
The hard - left ’s love - hate affair with the Labour Party has crippled it in acting independently on delivering social solutions .
The BNP have been growing steadily in councillors , a prelude of bigger electoral gains , because they canvass through door - knocking much more than the radical left .
Electoral fronts are not enough : we need a political project that is long - term in thinking and is relentless in building a constituency in communities and not just in remote trade union bureaucrats ’ offices .
Point 3 : The ‘ Why the Nazis do n’t deserve democracy ’ argument , but the state would replace Nazi with Islamist , or revolutionary socialist .
We already can see the results of the rhetoric “ they are not [ legitimate ] like us ” ; the reintroduction of detention without trial , extensive monitoring of all electronic communication and the promise of identity cards and a central database of all citizens .
As socialists we cannot trust the state to respect the historical values of bourgeois democracy or to decide which political parties are “ legitimate ” or not .
Fascists can only be stopped by answering tough political questions through practical competence .
Unlike liberals , we do not use the concept of freedom of speech to excuse ourselves from organising on the streets but rather the opposite .
We know that where the BNP seeks to spread its agenda we must be on the same streets bringing people together in a left - wing coalition for a better alternative .
If we believe the BNP must be fought physically then we must also do this intellectually too : walking off from public debates ca n’t be done in London ’s City Hall any more than it can be done the European Parliament .
Pretending that no - one will take them seriously if only we shout “ Nazi Scum ” loud enough must end .
The political process has legitimised the BNP whether we like or not , ignoring the BNP as a political force is no longer an option , they are a growing powerful political force and we must treat them as such .
UKIP raided £ 2 million in expenses from the EU , we can only assume that the BNP will do the same .
Working people will only trust a political party that not only offers real change to the status quo , but appears to know how to do it .
This is why community organising is so important , this is why Scottish Socialists despite the splits are doing better than their English and Welsh counterparts .
See here for our take on Nick Griffin ’s controversial Question Time appearance .
Al Franken ’s arrival in Washington and seat on the Senate ’s Health committee probably wo n’t be the clincher for the public health option .
He and other Democrats spent yesterday downplaying suggestions that a 60 vote majority means that much on any one issue , including health - care reform .
In fact , health - care reform in particular has seemed resistant to both public support and pressure from the White House .
Franken said at a short news conference that he looked forward to helping President Obama get his initiatives through Congress .
And since he backed a single payer system during the campaign , we might be tempted to assume his support for for the public option on the Senate ’s Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee .
But one vote is one vote .
Unlike the debate over Medicare in 1964 , fence - sitting Senate Democrats are not as vulnerable to a White House arm - twisting campaign orchestrated by a cagey ex-majority leader who knows where all the skeletons are buried .
You opposed Lyndon Johnson at your own risk , and even conservative southern Democrats grudglingly went along .
Obama has no such leverage , and Franken ’s arrival wo n’t provide it .
I certainly do n’t see him convincing hard - line public option opponents such as Louisiana ’s Mary Landrieu , and Max Baucus of Montana , who ’s been shopping weakened versions of the plan .
By the way , you can find out where specific senators stand on the issue at Howard Dean ’s Web site by punching your state into a pull - down menu .
How committed is Franken to health care reform ?
Very .
At the top of his Web page on the issue , he says , “ We need to go to universal health care as soon as possible . ”
But surprisingly , he seems to have avoided talking about a public option plan specifically .
Instead , during the campaign he favored letting the individual states come up with their own versions of universal care .
He suggested a Medicare - type plan for all children and adolescents 18 and under , and turning Medicare into a “ true single payer system . ”
It ’ll be interesting to see how Franken modifies his views on actual legislation in the real world of U.S. Senate politics .
It is crunch time for health care .
Lawmakers who are trying to fundamentally remake one - sixth of the U.S. economy say this might be the most complicated legislation they have undertaken .
Here are some basics that everyone can grasp -- and probably ought to , because the health bill , if it passes , will affect almost everyone .
1 . What is the ...
( CNN ) -- Authorities who seized $ 8,500 and assorted jewelry from a Tennessee man after a traffic stop in east Texas have agreed to return the property after his case drew attention from CNN .
Police in the small East Texas town of Tenaha are accused of unjustly taking valuables from motorists .
Roderick Daniels said police in Tenaha , Texas , took the money in October 2007 after they stopped him for doing 37 mph in a 35 - mph zone .
He said police threatened him with money - laundering charges and promised not to prosecute if he signed over the cash , which Daniels said was to buy a new car .
Daniels and other motorists who have been stopped by Tenaha police are part of a lawsuit seeking to end what plaintiff 's lawyer David Guillory calls a systematic fleecing of drivers passing through the town of about 1,000 .
On Friday , after Shelby County District Attorney Lynda Russell refused repeated requests to discuss cases like Daniels ' with CNN , her office filed papers dropping its claim on his property .
" I just feel blessed , " Daniels said .
" I am happy everything is going good right now .
... I just want to celebrate . "
Texas law allows police to confiscate drug money and other personal property they think is used in the commission of a crime .
If no charges are filed or the person is acquitted , the property has to be returned .
Russell issued a statement through her attorneys denying impropriety , and George Bowers , Tenaha 's longtime mayor , says his police follow the law .
But Guillory , who brought the lawsuit challenging the seizures , called cases like Daniels ' " a shakedown " and " a piracy operation . "
Guillory said authorities in Tenaha , about 180 miles east of Dallas , seized $ 3 million from 2006 to 2008 .
In about 150 cases , virtually all involving African - American or Latino motorists , the seizures were improper , he said .
All defendants in the lawsuit deny wrongdoing .
In a written statement , Russell 's attorneys said the prosecutor " has used and continues to use prosecutorial discretion ... and is in compliance with Texas law , the Texas constitution and the United States Constitution . "
But the attention paid to Tenaha has led to an effort by Texas lawmakers to tighten the state 's forfeiture laws .
All About Texas • Police
The scale of illegal downloads is a big challenge for lawmakers
Euro MPs have rejected a far - reaching package of telecoms reforms because they say internet users need better protection from being disconnected .
The MEPs backed an amendment saying web surfers ' rights could not be infringed without a ruling by a judicial body .
The vote , overwhelmingly in favour , is also seen as a protest against a tough French draft law targeting people who illegally download copyright material .
The " three strikes " bill is still going through the French parliament .
The MEPs ' vote in Strasbourg on Wednesday came despite an agreement hammered out earlier with EU ministers .
If EU telecoms ministers accept the MEPs ' amendment at a meeting next month they can avoid the " conciliation " process - the last stage before a piece of legislation is scrapped .
Controversial moves
The telecoms package aims to ensure that regulatory measures are harmonised across the EU and that consumers ' rights are protected in the fast - moving digital age .
Operators would be required to make information on tariffs and contractual terms more transparent .
The controversial French bill would allow internet providers to disconnect people caught downloading music illegally after two previous warnings .
If passed , the bill would set a tough global precedent in cracking down on internet piracy .
The music industry has been calling for stricter laws as revenues have fallen .
Without further ado , we ’re proud to announce that Fat Princess will make her royal appearance on the PlayStation Network this Thursday , July 30th for $ 14.99 .
Fat Princess will be released simultaneously worldwide in N. America , Europe and Asia .
A Japan release is also in the works , and we ’ll have more information on that in weeks to come .
The sheer amount of questions submitted was fantastic , and we really appreciate everyone taking the time and effort to come up with some really good ones .
Please check out this interview with Chris Millar and Craig Leigh from Titan Studios for answers to your most burning questions .
We ’ll do our best to follow up and respond to some of the others we were n’t able to cover during the interview soon .
We mean it …see you on the battlefield soon !
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A cricket umpire has died after being hit on the head by a ball .
Alcwyn Jenkins , 72 , was umpiring a league match between Swansea and Llangennech at the St Helen 's ground in Swansea on Saturday .
The widower , from Skewen near Neath , was struck on the head by a ball thrown by a fielder and was airlifted to hospital but failed to recover .
Neil Hobbs , honorary chairman of the South Wales Cricket Association , said it was a tragic accident .
" I 've umpired with Alcwyn - great guy .
He was well respected throughout the league and everybody knew Alcwyn , " said Mr Hobbs .
" He 's umpired for the best part of 25 years .
He also does junior league matches .
I 'm led to believe it was one of the most freak accidents you could ever imagine on the cricket field
Neil Hobbs , South Wales Cricket Association " Everybody probably in south Wales knows Alcwyn through cricket .
It 's a very very sad day and I feel sorry for his children . "
The match , which was abandoned , was a league game in division one of the South Wales Cricket Association .
A message on the association 's website says : " We are shocked and saddened to hear of the tragic accidental death of umpire Alcwyn Jenkins from an injury sustained on the field of play at St Helen 's today .
Our thoughts are with his family at this sad time . "
Mr Hobbs , who was not at the game , said he was told that Mr Jenkins collapsed after being hit by the ball .
" I 'm led to believe it was one of the most freak accidents you could ever imagine on the cricket field , " he said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" The fielder collected the ball in the outfield and threw it in at the stumps and it hit Alcwyn on the head . "
He said efforts were made to resuscitate Mr Jenkins before he was taken to hospital by air ambulance .
Eric Lewis , honorary treasurer of Llangennech Cricket Club and a member of the league management committee , said : " We were the fielding side and from what I understand they had been off for rain .
" They had only just gone back two or three minutes .
Somebody had hit the ball and one of our boys threw it in as you do and Alcwyn was just in line and it hit him on the side of the head . "
Mr Lewis , who was not at the game , said Mr Jenkins was a very popular umpire and his death was a " big , big tragedy " .
Steve Davies , chairman of Swansea Cricket Club , said the incident happened at around 1600 BST in front of an unusually large crowd , because many had been watching the Lions rugby match beforehand .
Mr Jenkins ( l ) toured the West Indies with South Wales Cricket Association " Alcwyn was a well - known and respected umpire who regularly stood for the South Wales Cricket Association , " he said .
Mr Davies said that before the game , Mr Jenkins had turned to him and said : " I just love playing games at St Helen's .
It 's a wonderful place to play cricket . "
Mr Jenkins had recently returned from a tour of the West Indies with the association .
The England and Wales Cricket Board Association of Cricket Officials ( ECB ACO ) said it was shocked to hear of the death of Mr Jenkins , who it described as a " respected umpire " .
Chairman Roger Knight said : " We are all saddened by the news of the tragic accident at Swansea on Saturday .
" Alcwyn Jenkins was a highly - respected umpire in the south Wales cricket community for the last 25 years and a valued member of the ECB ACO .
' Smashing guy ' " We send our heartfelt condolences to his family and our thoughts are with them at this sad time . "
Fellow umpire Eddie Blake said Mr Jenkins was " devoted " to the sport .
The 59 - year - old from Swansea said : " He was one of the oldest umpires and he was a smashing guy - a real character .
" He was very popular on the local cricket scene and welcome in all of the clubs .
Everybody respected Alcwyn and it is a big , big loss , not just to cricket but also to his family and friends . "
South Wales Police said a 72 - year - old man had died following a cricket game in Swansea and there were no suspicious circumstances .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
An intense portrayal of elite soldiers who have one of the most dangerous jobs in the world : disarming bombs in the heat of combat .
When a new sergeant , James , takes over a highly trained bomb disposal team amidst violent conflict , he surprises his two subordinates , Sanborn and Eldridge , by recklessly plunging them into a deadly game of urban combat , behaving as if he 's indifferent to death .
As the men struggle to control their wild new leader , the city explodes into chaos , and James ' true character reveals itself in a way that will change each man forever .
Written by BWR Public Relations
Design sessions is one practice that most agile teams will find themselves engaging in from time to time .
For some teams it will be completely informal ( just get everyone together for 10 - 15 mins whenever you think it is warranted ) , for others it becomes more of a ritual where most non-trivial features get a once - over in a design session before implementation proceeds .
There are many benefits to having regular design sessions with your team mates :
an opportunity to share knowledge about a particular area of the system with the whole team
an opportunity to validate design decisions before implementation gets too far
promotes collective ownership of code as everyone has some stake in most non-trivial design decisions
gives an opportunity to brainstorm ( brainstorming is not used nearly enough )
an opportunity to identify areas that are potential refactoring candidates
gets everyone more personally invested in the solution
gives people a break from cutting code and gives them an opportunity to engage in an alternative but still useful activity
an opportunity for the team to bond and ‘ gel ’ further
At least those are all the benefits that a design session SHOULD provide , but more often than not the potential of design session goes sadly under - utilised by many teams .
Any sort of design session will provide some of the above benefits to some degree , however our goal as software developers and agile practitioners should always be to get the maximum benefits from all the practices we employ .
So is there anything we can do to ensure we get the most out of a design session ?
A Typical Design Session Scenario
A typical design session is a pretty informal affair and usually occurs when a pair would like some input from the rest of the team into the best way to implement the feature they are currently working on .
When a pair calls a design session the rest of the team gathers in one place ( usually in front of a whiteboard ) where the team would proceed to outline the problem they are looking at as well as potential solutions that they have come up with .
The pair running the session would normally use the whiteboard as a visual aid to help represent the problem and their solution ( or solutions ) .
Ideally the rest of the team would have some insight into the problem and would offer better solutions or critique and improve the solutions that the pair running the design session has proposed .
After some back - and - forth a solution that most people are happy with would emerge and everyone goes back to what they were doing before while the pair that called the session proceeds with the implementation .
While there is nothing overtly wrong with this scenario ( and many teams would do well to even have that as one of the practices they follow ) , I believe there are many opportunities lost when a design session similar to the above occurs :
not everyone is an extrovert and since no particular effort was made to engage the more introverted people their knowledge / ideas may go unheard / unused
it takes a while to switch mental gears , since no particular effort is made to snap everyone out of the mode they ’re thinking in , interesting ideas / solutions may not occur to some people until long after the design session is over
only visual clues ( whiteboard ) and audio ( verbal explanations ) are used to represent the problem and the solution , many people work better with tactile clues ( use physical objects to represent the problem ) , or by seeing themselves as part of a larger abstraction ( acting it out )
by presenting a solutions at the start , potential creative solutions are stifled as it puts the team into an analytical mode ( analysing the presented solutions ) rather than creative mode ( coming up with innovative solutions )
design sessions can sometimes be a serious affair and so an opportunity for “ play ” ( while still doing something productive ) is lost ( this is a fluffy one but worth a mention I think ) , a design session can be light - hearted while still providing all the value
A Much Better Design Session
A pair calls a design session in very similar fashion to the above .
However before jumping into the problem , call for someone from the team a tell a joke or tell one themselves .
It is unexpected in a work environment and will force people to snap out of thinking about what they were just doing , it is also a playful start to the discussion which I think is never a bad thing as it gets everyone more relaxed .
This also has the potential to turn into a design session ritual that everyone on the team can look forward to which will be something they share that brings the team closer together .
Before we draw the problem on the whiteboard , we explain it using just words and then we try and represent the problem using a tactile abstraction ( i.e. build what you mean using lego blocks or chess pieces or anything that people can move and touch ) .
This gets people thinking about the problem domain before you draw it i.e. forces them to think about it before seeing it in a familiar medium .
The other thing you can do at this point , either before or after drawing , is to act the problem out using people as objects in the system .
Many people learn and appreciate problems a lot better by actually doing rather than seeing or hearing about it .
As an added benefit , this provides another opportunity for play , gets the less extroverted people more relaxed in a fun and friendly atmosphere and gets everyone primed to participate .
Do not present potential solutions you have come up with to the team , get the team to brainstorm first and come up with solutions of their own .
Chances are they will probably come up with something similar to what you had , but they will have a lot more stake in it having thought it up rather than just validated the solution that the pair that called the session contributes .
By not forcing your potential solution on the team you also have a much better chance of the team coming up with something truly innovative that you have n’t thought of ( remember it ’s analytical thinking – validating a solution , vs creative thinking – brainstorming a solution ) .
Of course if noone can come up with anything interesting present your solution , you do n’t want to get stuck in design paralysis .
At this point everyone discusses and agrees on a way forward and the design session is concluded .
The difference is :
the team was a lot more engaged
everyone had fun
people had a break from the routine
everyone was heard ( there were no chickens in the design session , only pigs )
everyone goes back to their work feeling a lot more fulfilled
the team has bonded together that little bit more
[
] ( http://www.implementingscrum.com/2006/09/11/the-classic-story-of-the-pig-and-chicken/)
At The End Of The Day
I have very strong opinions on design sessions .
I believe they are an extremely valuable tool in the arsenal of any agile team .
However I also believe that unless you can fully engage everyone on the team ( who is present at the design session ) and get everyone thinking creatively ( and potentially in a different mode than they would normally ) you ’re wasting a large part of the benefit that a design session can provide .
Do you use design sessions in your team ( if so do you use them as fully as you can ) and do you get a lot of value out of them ?
I ’d love to hear what other people have to say on the matter .
Check out the Physical Activity Guidelines for Americans for recommendations to improve health by getting the Nation moving .
The story that the CIA uses tiny homing beaconsto guide their drone strikes in Pakistan may sound like an urban myth .
But this sort of technology does exist , and might well be used for exactly this purpose .
It might even have been the " secret weapon " that Bob Woodward said helped the American military pacify Iraq .
The military has spent hundreds of millions of dollars researching , developing , and purchasing a slew of " Tagging tracking and locating " ( TTL ) gear – gizmos designed to keep covertly tabs from far away .
Most of these technologies are highly classified .
But there 's enough information in the open literature to get a sense of what the government is pursuing : laser - based reflectors , super - strength RFID tags , and homing beacons so tiny , they can be woven into fabric or into paper .
Some of the gadgets are already commercially available ; if you 're carrying around a phone or some other mobile gadget , you can be tracked - either through the GPS chip embedded in the gizmo , or by triangulating the cell signal .
Defense contractor EWA Government Systems , Inc. makes a radio frequency - based “ Bigfoot Remote Tagging System ” that 's the size of a couple of AA batteries .
But the government has been working to make these terrorist tracking tags even smaller .
Sandia National Laboratories have carried out development on " Radar Responsive " tags , which are like a long - range version of the ubiquitous stick - on RFID tags used to mark items in shops .
The Radar Responsive tag stays asleep until it is woken up by a radar pulse .
The tags in Wal - mart have a range of a couple of meters , Sandia 's tags can light up and locate themselves from twelve miles away .
This document from 2004 describes the tags as being credit - card sized and with a " geolocation accuracy " of three feet .
The radio waves penetrate buildings .
Suggested application include " search and rescue , precision targeting , special operations . "
The selection of aircraft used to illustrate the system includes a Predator drone .
The reports from Pakistan suggest that the CIA knew which village to strike , they just needed to locate the exact building ( descriptions like " third house on the left " can be dangerously ambiguous , especially when viewing from the air ) .
A Radar Responsive tag would be very handy for guiding a strike from a drone a few miles away .
Nor is this the only technology out there .
A 2002 Defense Science Board report on counter - terrorism mentioned , among other things , the possibility of using invisible chemical dye to mark terrorists , so they could be spotted using a suitable viewer .
The 2006 Quadrennial Defense Review – the Pentagon 's once - every - four - years grand strategy document – included a section on defeating terrorist networks , which mentioned the importance of tagging and tracking both terrorists and their gear .
Two methods suggested are tinier - than - tiny radar tags , and dynamic optical tags .
Darpa , the Pentagon 's way - out research arm , spent years developing these " small , environmentally robust , retro reflector - based tags that can be read by both handheld and airborne sensors at significant ranges . "
They rely on small silicon reflectors which return a laser signal – as long as that signal can be seen from the air .
" Each Dynamic Optical Tag or DOT is an inch across and based on a ' quantum well modulator , ' " the agency explains .
" They are read using a laser interrogator , which can be mounted on an aircraft ; the laser ' wakes up ' the tag , which sends a return signal at over 100 kbps .
This can be simply the ID of the tag , or it can be data that it has recorded - for example , details of where it has traveled since last interrogated , or recorded video or audio . "
Covert radar tags were descried in a 2004 report by the National materials Advisory Board .
Inkode , a company that also provides cheap RFID tags for supermarkets , has developed a means of embedding aluminum fibers in paper and other materials .
The fibers are described as 6.5 millimeters long and 1.5 micrometers in diameter .
When illuminated with radar , the backscattered fields interact to create a unique interference pattern that enables one tagged object to be identified and differentiated from other tagged objects , " the company says .
" For nonmilitary applications , the reader is less than 1 meter from the tag .
For military applications , the reader and tag could theoretically be separated by a kilometer or more . "
The fibers can be embedded in " paper , airline baggage tags , book bindings , clothing and other fabrics , and plastic sheet . "
Eight thousand fibres can be embedded in a typical 8 ½ by 11 inch piece of paper , which could be seen by radar at a similar distance to a meter - square target .
So even something as small as a cigarette paper could be detected through walls , uniquely identified and precisely located from a tactically - useful distance in order to direct a missile strike .
This 2007 briefing from U.S. Special Operations Command hints at research into even more exotic ways to keep tabs on a target .
Technology goals include spotting a " human thermal fingerprint at long distance , " " augmentation of natural signatures : e.g. ' perfumes ' and ' stains . ' "
The presentation also mentions a " bioreactive taggant " that is a " current capability . "
Next to the words in a picture of a bruised arm .
We do not know if any or all of these technologies are actually in use .
After all , mobile phones are also a good way of locating an individual from long range , and there are numerous other sensors that can be used to direct a strike .
But technologically speaking , the miniature homing beacon calling in CIA drone strikes is not just another urban myth .
– David Hambling and Noah Shachtman
[ Photo : Sandia National Labs ]
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Copycat chimps build their own tools after watching video demonstrations .
During a study , the animals were shown footage of a trained chimp combining two components to construct a tool that enabled it to reach a food reward .
When given the same two components , the chimps made their own tools and used them to drag over a tasty treat .
Reporting in the Royal Society journal Proceedings B , scientists say this demonstrates what a " potent effect " social learning has in the primates .
Elizabeth Price , from the University of St Andrews in Scotland , led the research .
" With video , we can control exactly how much information the animals see , so we can understand exactly how much information they need to work out how to do the task , " she explained .
This type of behaviour is very rare in the wild
Elizabeth Price
St Andrews University Dr Price and her colleagues put the chimps into five groups during the test .
One of the groups was shown the whole demonstration - where a chimp was handed a rod and a tube that it slotted together .
The demonstrator then used this longer composite tool to retrieve a grape from a platform outside its cage .
The other groups were shown progressively less information - with one group just shown the chimp eating its grape .
The researchers then recreated the set - up for the subjects .
They placed a grape on a platform against the outside of each chimp 's cage , and handed the animals a rod and a plastic tube .
" Those chimps that saw the full demonstration learned better how to construct the necessary tool ( to reach the food ) , " Dr Price told BBC News .
" The fact that they can learn how to build a better tool for a particular task is very exciting .
This type of behaviour is very rare in the wild , and it's an essential part of human tool use . "
Watch and learn " A handful of the chimps that were n't shown the full demonstration learned how to make the tool on their own , " said Dr Price .
Chimpanzees usually modify sticks by stripping them of their leaves " What was interesting about this group was that , when we presented them with the grape at different distances from the cage , they made the appropriate tool to reach it . "
Rather than faithfully copy the demonstration , these animals switched between using the unmodified tube or rod , and using the combined tool , depending on how far away the grape was .
" Those that had been shown the full demonstration , and had socially learned to make the longer tool , continued to make it even when the grape was so close that it was more awkward to use , " said Dr Price .
" It could be that social learning is such a strong force for the chimps that they apply a blanket rule of ' go with what you 've seen ' ( rather than work out what 's most appropriate for the task ) . "
The team is now planning to carry out the same test in young children to find out how much they rely on social learning .
What the team still do not know why this type of tool - building is not seen more commonly in the wild .
" We 've shown that they 're clever enough , so there must be something else at play , " said Dr Price .
" It may be that when chimpanzees reach an age at which they are ... capable of performing these higher level techniques , they may be too old to have access to sufficiently tolerant demonstrators . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Alexis Cohen , who cursed her way into the spotlight after being rejected from American Idol was struck by a car and killed .
Police are investigating the case as a homicide .
Let 's hope Cowell has an alibi .
He did say that she looked like actor Willam Defoe , but that 's not exactly threatening her life .
Cohen , referred to by fans as " glitter girl " for her makeup rather than her sparkling personality , auditioned most notably in January of 2008 when she delivered her famous rant .
She returned the next year and acted nice and sweet , saying she had turned over a new leaf , until she was rejected and flipped off the judges once again .
She will be missed for actually doing what we wish we could do every time we watch the show .
“ Genius is …the eventual public recognition of dozens ( or hundreds ) of failed attempts at solving a problem ”
Seth Godin
Babe Ruth Was A Big , Fat German Failure
If you read enough personal development books , you will eventually come across mention of one of the most profoundly meaningful statistics in the history of sports .
That statistic being that for many years , Babe Ruth simultaneously held both the career home - run [ 714 ? ] and strikeout [ 1330 ? ] records .
Crazy , huh ?
It ’s almost as if he were trying to become a living object lesson .
Remember , he did n’t have “ a lot of strikeouts “ : he held The Strikeout Record ; he failed More Than Anyone Else at hitting , not just for a couple of months but over his entire career — we are talking about a professional , by the way , a person whose job it was to play baseball .
Notice how he had a 3 - digit homerun count and a 4 - digit strikeout count ; he struck out almost twice as many times as he hit a touchdown … wait …
He was the best because he was the suckiest .
He succeeded the most because he failed the most .
What does this mean ?
It means , to paraphrase Anthony , son of Robbins , that : massive failure is the key to success .
Michael of Jordan said it himself :
The Ring cannot be destroyed , Gimli , son of Glóin , by any craft that we here possess .
I ’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career .
I ’ve lost almost 300 games .
26 times , I ’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed .
I ’ve failed over and over and over again in my life .
And that is why I succeed .
Even some random guy from some random organization called International Business Machines said it :
If you want to succeed , double your failure rate .
The ring was made in the fires of Mount Doom .
Only there can it be unmade .
Now , I ’ve heard all these quotes so many times that they do n’t really grab me any more when I read them , but let me illustrate using my favorite person — me — as an ( yes , I am that narcissistic ) example .
I Am A Failure
At this writing , my KhatzuMemo stats indicate that since New Year ’s Day 2007 , I have done about 58000 flashcard reps with a retention rate of about 91 % , where retention = a rep score of 3 or above .
Sounds respectable enough .
But , you realize that what this means is that I have failed to correctly read and / or comprehend a Japanese sentence item at least 5200 times over the course of two years and change — can you imagine tagging those end to end to end to end in a video ( that would make a pretty cool “ lowlight reel ” ) ?!
More than five thousand failures .
I ’ve been wrong more times than there are stars in the sky visible to the naked eye [ someone please check this ] .
I ’m just saying : that ’s a lot of fails .
And if we ( royal “ we ” ) were to start counting from 2004 , it would be about 100,000 reps with a similar 90 - 95 % retention rate — that means something on the order of ten thousand failures .
That ’s ten thousand times I could n’t correctly read or understand a sentence or phrase in Japanese : I am a failure .
And yet , I am very comfortable with both written and spoken Japanese .
I can read , write , understand or say whatever I want or need to .
I just got done doing all my taxes without a hitch .
Clearly , this scale of failure helped .
You ’ll forgive the focus on SRSing , it ’s just that it ’s something that ’s easy to measure and therefore compare quantitatively .
Errybody Awesome
Is a Failure
Robbins goes on to discuss the number of times Walter Elias Disney was rejected by banks when he wanted funding for some goofy idea about a studio making full - length cartoons , and the number of times Sylvester Stallone was rejected when peddling the script for some kind of adult - oriented movie involving interracial pairings of sweaty , half - naked men touching each other with leather gloves in front of excited crowds of people .
Most people would have given up .
Of course , it goes beyond Hollywood … I have friends who wo n’t go ice - skating with me because they ’re afraid of falling .
They have fallen 0 times .
0 failures .
They have never failed at skating .
But they also ca n’t skate … at all .
In fact , I imagine the best skaters have also fallen the most times .
Arguably , a lot of our fear of failure most likely stems from how schools punish it .
Schools promote avoidance of failure .
This is a recipe for mediocrity .
No meaningful success seems to come without hearty doses of failure .
Failure needs to be celebrated .
It needs to be sought actively .
Failure is what needs to be for dinner .
I love blaming everything on school .
But then , most of us did spent the greater part of our waking lives from toddlerhood to early adulthood either in school or in preparation to go to school or travelling to and from school or doing homework for school ; schools have plenty to answer for ; they ca n’t bait with compulsory attendance and then switch to learner - parent responsibility forever ; they ca n’t keep waiting until someone gets killed and then feign shock at the “ discovery ” that they ’re a breeding ground for violence .
I mean , am I the only one who thinks that school shootings are actually surprisingly rare ?
Off topic .
Anyway …
So how can you start failing ?
I think the thing is simply to find something you can crank at .
Find or build a mechanism that allows you to fail a lot .
Perhaps three figures minimum , possibly and preferably 4 , 5 , 6 , maybe even 7 +.
Chances are , this mechanism will also allow you to succeed — in fact , it ’s more or less guaranteed to bring you success …eventually .
You ’re Not A Surgeon , So Do n’t Strike Surgically
In life , whether it ’s learning a language , building a blog , doing research , applying for jobs ( if that ’s your thing ) , trying to get good at shooting basketballs or even doing whatever it is people do to get into…romantic entanglements , many people — especially beginners — go for the surgical strike , because they ’re so afraid of screwing up .
There ’s just one flaw with the surgical strike plan : only a surgeon can do surgery — only a highly trained expert with a matured skillset can even hope for a decent result on such paltry time resources .
How do you get a matured skillset ?
By failing .
Generally , it would seem that only someone who ’s missed tons of shots gets to hit consistently .
Also , at the risk of adding too many parenthetic asides , actual surgeons of the medical persuasion obviously deal in situations where , how you say in the simple English , failure is not cheap .
Then again , I did see something once about robotic “ practice patients ” for medical students , so clearly there are efforts being made to make failure cheaper for them , implying that they are also , in essence , trying to fail into success .
As a beginner , trying to go for that surgical strike is akin to giving a newborn baby an NES controller and saying : “ you have 15 minutes to beat Mario…or else you will never amount to anything , you lachrymatory ball of fat ! ” .
It ’s as if beginners were a novice sniper trying to hit a single target using their first and only bullet ; that ’s how most people right now tend to operate .
But that ’s only a viable option if you ’re statistically a really good shot , which , almost by definition , a beginner is not [ no statistics to go off of ] .
Middle School , AKA Gattaca Lite
Unfortunately , failure to recognize the value of failure happens in sports all the time : too many people judge and are judged based on their first performance — how many egos have been crushed ( not mine , but …people I know ) because of using such a ridiculously small and downward - skewed sample ?
How many doors have been closed to figurative newborn babies ?
How many Michael Jordans get cut from high school teams ?
In middle school , I can remember how in both P.E. classes and inter-school sports teams , the time , attention and resources were disproportionately concentrated on boys and girls who were hitting puberty at 11 , and the rest of you kids with your slow - growing bodies could just bugger off , even though our parents were all paying the same tuition ( the sports was not a business — no TV revenue or scholarships like NCAA , not even an effect on enrollment ) .
Now , why this middle school business still bugs me more than 10 years after the fact , is because the deafeningly loud silent lesson it taught was that effort did n’t matter and there was no such thing as meaningful development and improvement over time ; only genetic predisposition mattered ; only being 11 years old and having facial hair mattered .
It was Gattaca Lite .
At some level , I can understand the school coaches ’ problem — they needed to make a winning team as quickly as possible … but , again , that ’s not really doing school any more , if only because nothing profound is being learned ; that ’s more of a professional / club thing where the focus is on execution .
As a compromise , a dual sports system might work , with a “ we ’re gonna use you now ” short - term competition - centered section for freakishly large children , and a “ build your skills now for the future ” long - term training - centered section for children who like sports but are n’t yet big enough to be “ useful ” .
Kind of a “ separate but equal ” … waitaminute !!
They did kind of try something like that by having multiple teams per age group , but the resource distribution was insulting ; remember : everyone was paying the same overpriced tuition and the sports teams neither made money nor contributed to name - brand recognition … yet somehow the “ lower ” teams were invariably put on The Fields That The Groundskeeper Forgot , using equipment that had been oh - so - delicately aged to perfection by the finely tuned athletic machines of the Higher Teams .
Where ’s Linkin Park and a razor blade when you need them …
Cheap and Quick
Anyway , in less violent / jocky terms , letting go of the surgical - strike philosophy means : do n’t try to write a magnum opus if you ca n’t even write an opus yet .
Do n’t try to write a novel if you ca n’t even write a short story yet .
Do n’t try to run a marathon when you ca n’t even run around the block yet ( whoops … got jocky again ) .
It does n’t take too much perceptiveness to see that the key with failing this much is you need to make it cheap .
Time - cheap , money - cheap , effort - cheap and emotion - cheap .
So each round needs to be short , not cost a lot , not take too much energy , and not be too crushing to the old dignity .
Maybe this cheapness is another reason why small , short , winnable gamesare so good : A short game can be played many times → many failures → lots of success
According to the man himself in The Mindscape of Alan Moore , Moore , the best comics writer in the English language before me ( why are you making that face ?!
wot iz that face ? ) — started out writing 4 - page comic stories .
Said he :
“ I learned my craft doing very short stories , 3 or 4 pages each , which is an excellent way to learn writing of any sort . ”
Even Moore - sensei ’s early stories were likely unbefitting what we ’ve come to expect of the Alan Moore legend .
Knowing what we now know it would probably be easy to see or trick ourselves into seeing , the Moore mojo unfolding , but if we were to look at them “ blind ” , my gut tells me we ’d be somewhat rather unimpressed .
Anyway , my point is , he had something he could crank .
He had something he could fail at over and over and over again .
He had a mechanism he could grind himself on until he got to razor - sharp perfection .
He practiced with 4 - page stories but matured into a graphic novelist just as you practice with phrases , sentences and pages as you gradually grow into a fully - fledged reader of your L2 .
Mojo is made rather than born .
I remember one time , I was at a gaijin friend ’s house , arranging Internet service for him over the phone in Japanese , and then I hung up , and he and his roommates , having heard the entire exchange , decided that I had a “ talent ” for the language .
And , frankly , I think I do , too ; in fact , if you ignore minor details like how I once turned my entire life into a Japanese camp and spent all my disposable income on Japanese materials and severed any human relationship that significantly conflicted with doing Japanese and ate cake with chopsticks and slept with headphones on just - to - make - sure , then …yes …it was pure talent .
Case In Point : Why Spam Works
Not a positive example , but this massive failure business , by the way , is why spam works .
Spam has found a mechanism that allows it to fail on a massive scale , this mechanism is called : “ email is fast and free , motherlovers ” , and what a wonderful mechanism it is .
Can you imagine the indignity of paying for email ?
Forget them apples .
Now , most people are n’t going to buy into those … how can we be delicate about this …” organ enhancement ” medications they sell in spam , even if I , I mean , my friend , needed them , which he does n’t , but IF he did , he would n’t buy them .
But someone somewhere always does .
When you send out , what , a million emails a day — 365 million emails a year , son — you ’re bound to get someone to bite , as long as the probability is n’t 0 ( and in life , the probability is almost never 0 or 1 ) , then you are guaranteed that you ’ll get someone to buy your spam product even if I , I mean , my friend , were just buying those pills as a joke and did n’t really need them and was just testing the system .
For our theoretical spammer , even if 99.99 % of these 365 million theoretical emails fail , that ’s still 365,000 theoretical customers in the bag .
That ’s 365,000 people willing to pay ca$h money for the pills they need to ( theoretically ) bliss her out with their weapon of mass expulsion .
All this talk about massive failure = success …is exciting when we ’re talking about it here in the squeaky - clean , theoretical Lalaland we can create for ourselves in the brief window of time where we ’re reading and writing a post , but back in the real world , when you actually fail you do n’t necessarily feel so good ; we ’re not trained to be excited by that sort of thing .
And perhaps it ’s for the best that we are n’t — what a bitter , Greek - tragedy - on - steroids irony it would be to instantly dislike or fail to recognize the success you had worked for .
My personal solution is to largely ignore the immediate failure - point at hand , and get excited about the overall process - function [ of failing massively ] ; that ’s how I stay excited and keep going .
Individual failure - points are easy to feel bad about ; as soon as they pass , ignore them .
Let go of them and focus on the next round .
You do n’t think MS are still having crying fits and sleepless nights over “ Microsoft Bob “ , do you ?
… Laughing fits , maybe .
There Are Exceptions
Having said all that , AntiMoon ’s advice to “ shut up before you hurt yourself ” ( which morphed into my advice to “ shut up until it comes out correct and naturally by itself ” ) still holds .
Personal developmenty advice of the kind that is the subject of this post can seem to run into contradictions because it ’s so broadly applicable that nobody bothers to provide more rigid domain definition ; suffice it to say that significant exceptions and counter - examples of virtually every principle exist ; they may be rare , but they do exist ; try not to go emo when you run into one .
Think of these ideas as one of many tools in your toolbox ; they work really well in some cases and not so well in others .
In Closing
Anyway , enough talk !
問答無用 !
Time for you and I both to hurry up and get failing .
And when people tell you to stop it because it wo n’t work and you ’re crazy , as they probably will , you can think of Thomas Watson ’s words :
[ Dude . ]
A [ homie ] flattened by an opponent can get up again .
A [ homie ] flattened by conformity stays down for good .
Oh yeah —
I would love to read your suggestions for little games to fail at , or links to similar discussions , so please feel free to share them .
ANN ARBOR — Improvised explosive devices ( IEDs ) , the weapons of suicide bombers , are a major cause of soldier casualties in Iraq and Afghanistan .
A group of University of Michigan engineering undergraduate students have developed a new way to detect them .
The students invented portable , palm - sized metal detectors that could be hidden in trash cans , under tables or in flower pots , for example .
The detectors are designed to be part of a wireless sensor network that conveys to a base station where suspicious objects are located and who might be carrying them .
Compared with existing technology , the sensors are cheaper , lower - power and longer - range .
Each of the sensors weighs about 2 pounds .
“ Their invention outperforms everything that exists in the market today , ” said Nilton Renno , a professor in the U - M Department of Atmospheric , Oceanic and Space Sciences .
The students undertook this project in Renno ’s Engineering 450 senior level design class .
“ They clearly have an excellent understanding of the problem .
They also thought strategically and designed and optimized their solution .
The combination of a movable command center with a wireless sensor network can be easily deployed in the field and adapted to different situations . ”
The core technology is based on a magnetometer , or metal detector , explained Ashwin Lalendran , an engineering student who worked on the project and graduated in May .
“ We built it entirely in - house ?
the hardware and the software , ” Lalendran said .
“ Our sensors are small , flexible to deploy , inexpensive and scalable .
It ’s extremely novel technology . ”
The U - M students recently won an Air Force - sponsored competition with Ohio State University .
The U.S. Air Force Research Laboratory at Wright Patterson Air Force Base sponsored the project as well as the contest .
Air Force research labs across the country sponsor similar contests on a regular basis to provide rapid reaction and innovative solutions to the Department of Defense ’s urgent needs , says Capt .
Nate Terning , AFRL rapid reaction projects director .
The teams from U - M and Ohio State demonstrated their inventions June 2 - 3 in Dayton , Ohio at a mock large tailgate event where simulated IEDs and the students ’ technologies were hidden among the crowd .
The students ’ technology was tasked with finding IEDs in the purses , backpacks or other packages of the tailgaters , without the tailgaters ’ knowledge .
Michigan ’s invention found more IEDs than Ohio State’s .
“ We had an excellent turnout in technology , ” Terning said .
“ Regardless of the competition results , often successful ideas from each student team can be combined into a product which is then realized for DoD use in the future . ”
The students will continue to work on this project through the summer .
Other students involved are : Steve Boland , a senior atmospheric , oceanic and space sciences major ; Andry Supian a mechanical engineering major who graduated in April ; Brian Hale , a senior aerospace engineering major ; Kevin Huang , a junior computer science major ; Michael Shin , a junior computer engineering major ; and Vitaly Shatkovsky , a mechanical engineering major who graduated in April .
“ I am very proud of the team for applying a sound engineering approach and a lot of imagination to the solution of an extremely difficult real - world problem .
They worked well together and never gave up when the going got rough , ” said Bruce Block , an engineer in the Space Physics Research Laboratory who worked with the students .
Other Space Physics Research Lab engineers who assisted are Steve Musko and Steve Rogacki .
Michigan Engineering :
The University of Michigan College of Engineering is ranked among the top engineering schools in the country .
At more than $ 130 million annually , its engineering research budget is one of largest of any public university .
Michigan Engineering is home to 11 academic departments and a National Science Foundation Engineering Research Center .
The college plays a leading role in the Michigan Memorial Phoenix Energy Institute and hosts the world class Lurie Nanofabrication Facility .
Find out more at : http://www.engin.umich.edu/.
Ok , I ’ve already done a bit on how to become a model , and I ’ve had a surprising number of people e-mail me and tell me that they were actually interested in specifically becoming fitness models .
I did n’t know this but apparently the pay for this particular area has shot up in the last ten years due to the obesity problem in the United States and the subsequent deluge of diet and fitness programs , books , dvds , gym memberships , etc.–all these things need advertising , and they ’re almost always going to want a good - looking model to be associated with the product , right ?
Bingo ( or , jackpot , if you ’re a good - looking fitness model 😀 )
Networking and Competitions
You do n’t need to compete to break into the fitness model business , in fact if you do n’t like doing it then I would really recommend you do n’t waste your time–put your time and energy into something else more useful , such as putting together the best portfolio you can , going to go - sees ( these are what job interviews are called in the model business ) , etc .
The really useful part about competitions is the opportunity to network : at the major competitions there will be a lot of the people in business who are looking to hire , such as editors - in - chief of fitness magazines , top photographers , supplement company owners , etc .
This is a wonderful opportunity to meet with these people , network , and hand out your comp card ( you do have a comp card , right ? ) .
If you do n’t know what a comp card is , real quick : this is something all professional models have , it ’s essentially a business card that you give to modeling agencies and potential clients .
A comp card is a two - sided card which should have a large photograph on one side and the flip side should have four smaller photographs .
Because a fitness model is primarily showing off a superb physique , the pictures need to include body shots where you ’re wearing fitness apparel or a bikini .
The back of the comp card also needs to have your statistics , like height , weight , and body measurements .
Something else you need to remember about competitions is that where you place in the competition has absolutely no bearing whatsoever on how much attention you ’re going to get as far as offers go : oftentimes , the girl who placed first wo n’t get as many offers as another girl (s ) who placed lower simply because she ’s not as good - looking overall as other girls who placed lower ( you do n’t have to be pretty or photogenic to win competitions , you just have to have the body ) .
So do n’t worry about winning competitions unless you just want to for you , which is cool , but do n’t think that it ’s going to effect how well you ’re going to do in this business .
A great way to get familiar with these competitions is to just go see them as a spectator a few times to learn how things work and how you will be judged –different Federations have VERY different judging criteria , some of them heavily emphasize muscle tone and low body fat , whereas others are looking for a much more feminine and curvy beauty contest sort of look , it just depends and you need to learn the difference because you might
very well place 1st in one and not at all in another .
To see where various competitions are and learn more about competing I highly recommend you use this tool : Competition Info at Bodybuilding.com .
Agencies and Agents
In short , just like any other professional model , you need a good agency .
Nobody in the modeling industry works solo without an agency , it just does n’t happen .
As soon as you say that you ’re not with an agency , they immediately know that you ’re not to be taken seriously .
Getting an agency is a lot like getting a job : you just need to apply , interview , and send your portfolio out over and over again until someone takes interest .
If you ’ll go see my post on how to become a model , I ’ve got several video interviews on there with a booker who ’s represented the likes of Tyra Banks and Christie Brinkely , but do keep in mind that he ’s entirely worked in the fashion model business , and a lot of what he says ( like how you have to be at least 5 ’ 8 ″ ) does n’t apply to fitness models .
Location
I emphasized this about fashion models in my other article , and it applies to ALL models , including fitness models : you need to be where the market is , this is by far the most important factor in determining how successful you ’re going to be in this business .
Honestly , modeling is such a relatively small industry ( how many models are there versus electrical engineers , doctors , or lawyers ? ) that there ’s really only one major market for them in the entire United States : New York City .
The funny thing is that even when a client wants a shoot done in some place like Miami or Los Angeles , they ’ll just fly in New York models instead of hiring local talent .
Why ?
Because all the best go to New York , that ’s why .
Plus , all the major agencies ( well , pretty much ALL the agencies in the U.S. ) are located in NYC .
If you ’re not in the U.S. , then other major cities with comparable markets to New York are London , Paris , Milan , and Tokyo , that ’s it ( I told you , this is not a huge industry ) .
Additional Resources for Getting Started as a Fitness Model
There ’s a lot of fluff out there , and something I learned a long time ago applies to advice from people : if they have n’t actually done what you want to do , they probably do n’t have a clue as to what they ’re talking about , no matter how well - intended their advice may be .
There is actually a whole pre-packaged program that ’s been put together by a fitness model ( Jennifer Nicole Lee–former Ms. Bikini USA , Oxygen Magazine cover model , etc. ) that ’s intended for people who want to get into shape for the specific purpose of becoming a fitness model , check it out here : Look Like A Fitness Model .
This is an excellent article by Will Brink on how to break into the fitness model business .
This is a wonderful , motivating story by fitness model Christina Lindley on how she got started as a fitness model .
Lavender Picking , Culinary Uses for Lavender and Lavender Roasted Onions
After a little blogging hiatus , I ’m back with a new blog design , lots of new posts , recipes , and pictures !
We went lavender picking at the Seven Oaks Lavender farm in Catlett , VA .
I spent two hours snipping grosso ( French ) lavender and taking lots and lots of pictures .
Before I give you suggestions and culinary uses for lavender , here are some photos from our lavender picking trip ..
The farm had baskets lined up for lavender picking
Summer workers from Pennsylvania were staying at the farm and helping to harvest lavender
Lavender attracts bees , butterflies and bugs
How to Dry Fresh Lavender
If you ’ve picked fresh lavender stems like I did , you may want to dry them first .
To dry fresh lavender , tie the stems in bunches using a rubber band and hang them in a dark place to dry .
( If lavender is exposed to too much light while drying , it will lose color ) .
You will have perfectly dried lavender in about 7 days .
Once the lavender is dry , gently strip the buds from the stems and store in an air tight container .
You are now ready to use lavender in cooking .
Some Culinary Uses for Lavender
- Lavender sugar – simply place some dried lavender with white sugar and let it sit for two weeks before using .
Recipe on the herb gardner .
- Lavender syrup – cook sugar , water and dried lavender together to form a fragrant syrup that will be great on cakes and other dessert .
Recipe on 5 star foodie .
- Lavender roasted potatoes – combine potatoes , olive oil , dried lavender , salt and pepper and roast in the oven .
Recipe on school of the seasons .
- Lavender crème brulee – recipe on whats cooking America .
- Lavender focaccia – add a unique twist to focaccia by adding lavender to it .
Recipe on whats cooking America .
- Goat cheese with lavender – marinate goat cheese with garlic , lavender , fresh herbs and olive oil .
Recipe on lavender lovers .
- Lavender butter – simply mix softened butter , dried lavender and any other herbs / seasonings .
Recipe on joys of lavender .
- Lavender cornbread – recipe on joys of lavender .
The possibilities for cooking with lavender are endless .
You can make lavender cheese cakes , salad dressing , vinaigrette , herbs de province , lavender lemonade , scones , lavender ice cream or even lavender sparkling wine .
And here is something else you can do with lavender ..
Lavender Roasted Onions
You only need a few ingredients to make this delicious lavender scented side dish - onions , olive oil , thyme , lavender
Chop the onions into wedges , keeping the root end intact .
Then sprinkle thyme , lavender , salt , pepper and drizzle the onions with olive oil .
Toss everything and bake in the oven till browned .
Its that easy !
Lavender and thyme go so well together with these roasted onions .
Do n’t have lavender ?
Use herbs de provence instead -
an easily available dried herb mixture that contains both thyme and lavender .
Lavender Roasted Onions Recipe
about 2 servings 2 medium onions
A pinch of dried lavender
½ tbsp fresh chopped thyme
¾ tbsp olive oil
Salt and pepper Pre -heat oven to 400 degrees Peel and then cut each onion into wedges , keeping the root end intact .
Place the onion wedges on a baking sheet .
Sprinkle lavender , thyme , salt and pepper over the onions .
Drizzle olive oil and toss everything to coat .
Roast in the oven for about 10 minutes or till the onions are brown and crisp on the edges .
Comments
comments
By Phil Mercer
BBC News , Sydney
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Professional snipers have been brought in to guard a vulnerable colony of penguins in Australia .
The deployment follows the mysterious deaths of nine of the flightless birds over the last two weeks .
The mutilated bodies of the animals , known as fairy penguins , were found in a national park near Sydney harbour .
The main suspects are dogs and foxes .
At 40 cm tall , the world 's smallest penguin species is clearly no match for such aggressive enemies .
To even up the fight , two snipers have been deployed as bodyguards .
They have started night patrols and have instructions to do what it takes to protect these tiny creatures .
They have joined a legion of volunteers , who have also been guarding the birds during the hours of darkness when they are most vulnerable to attack .
Traps have been also been set in a concerted attempt to catch Sydney 's penguin killers .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
There is no doubt using a sunbed or sunlamp will raise the risk of skin cancer , say international experts .
Previously , the International Agency for Research on Cancer ( IARC ) assessed sunbeds and sunlamps as " probably carcinogenic to humans " .
But it now says their use is definitively " carcinogenic to humans " .
Campaigners believe the move , announced in the journal Lancet Oncology , will increase pressure for tighter industry regulation of sunbed use .
The new assessment puts sunbed use on a par with smoking or exposure to asbestos .
However , the Sunbed Association in the UK said there was no proven link between the responsible use of sunbeds and skin cancer .
SKIN CANCER : THE FACTS
Find out more about skin cancer rates in the UK The IARC is an expert committee that makes recommendations to the World Health Organization .
It made its decision following a review of research which concluded that the risk of melanoma - the most deadly form of skin cancer - was increased by 75 % in people who started using sunbeds regularly before the age of 30 .
In addition , several studies have linked sunbed use to a raised risk of melanoma of the eye .
The charity Cancer Research UK warned earlier this year that heavy use of sunbeds was largely responsible for the number of Britons being diagnosed with melanoma topping 10,000 a year for the first time .
In the last 30 years , rates of the cancer have more than quadrupled , from 3.4 cases per 100,000 people in 1977 to 14.7 per 100,000 in 2006 .
Age limits Proposals to ban people under the age of 18 from using sunbeds are under consideration by the government in England .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme A similar ban has already been approved in Scotland .
The Sunbed Association ( TSA ) supports a ban on under - 16s , but argues there is no scientific evidence for a ban on young people aged 17 or 18 .
Jessica Harris , Cancer Research UK 's health information officer said : " The link between sunbeds and skin cancer has been convincingly shown in a number of scientific studies now and so we are very pleased that IARC have upgraded sunbeds to the highest risk category .
" This backs up Cancer Research UK 's advice to avoid sunbeds completely for cosmetic purposes .
They have no health benefits and we know that they increase the risk of cancer . "
Ms Harris called for ministers to implement a ban on under - 18s using sunbeds immediately , and to close salons that are not supervised by trained staff .
Simon Davies , chief executive of the Teenage Cancer Trust said : " We are concerned that young people are using sunbeds more and more to get a tan and would urge them to avoid them at all costs . "
Kathy Banks , chief executive of the Sunbed Association , said : " The relationship between ultraviolet exposure and an increased risk of developing skin cancer is only likely to arise where over - exposure - burning - has taken place .
" However , research has shown that over 80 % of sunbed users are very knowledgeable about the risks associated with over - exposure to ultraviolet and the majority of sunbed users take 20 or less sunbed sessions a year . "
A Department of Health spokesperson said : " Sunbeds can be dangerous - we must ensure that people who use them do so safely .
If necessary we will look at new laws to protect young people . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
QR Code Link to This Post
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
First of all , the general opinion seems to be that unless there 's a pressing reason ( like you 're sucking off total strangers on a crowded train ) it 's preferable if you 're naked .
Particularly if you 've got nice tits ( and let 's face it , boys are less fussy about the tits they can get in their bedroom than they are about the ones in porn ) , topless is almost a minimum requirement .
There are a couple of advantages to being naked when you 're giving a blowjob .
Firstly , it 's easier to clean up -- just rub anything that lands on you into your skin .
Sure , you 'll never get a nice Monica Lewinski - style souvenir , but at the same time you 'll save money on dry cleaning .
Secondly , it means easy access so you or he can play with your bits and pieces -- you 'll both love it , more on this later .
Now , obviously getting naked before giving head will decrease the spontaneity a bit .
Spontaneity is something a lot of guys like , and I think there are a few reasons .
Firstly , the idea that you can't wait to drink the cum straight out of him will probably drive your man wild .
I remember watching in awe as my best friend dropped to her knees at a music festival once , her man loved it so much she only just got her mouth around his dick in time to swallow his load .
I think a spontaneous blowjob also has a subtle psychological effect .
If you randomly whip out his cock and suck him off , it will seem more likely to him that you 'll do it again some time .
So to put a bit of that spontaneity back in , you could try a couple of things that work for me .
Obviously , you could take advantage of already being naked , if you 're changing clothes or having a shower .
Another thing I 've found drives most men wild is to drop to your knees , start sucking on their cock , and then tear your clothes off .
Finally , you could do a little bit of planning and be wearing something that will come off quickly and easily as you move toward his big , throbbing member .
You could , of course , suck him off fully clothed every once in a while , some guys love it like that , some like to have a view .
A very important facet of your blowjob is what I will , for want of a better word , call presentation .
I 've found that there 's not much turns a man on more than the idea that you can't resist sucking on his dick .
Paradoxically , a bit of teasing is also a big help , particularly if you 're trying to make and impression .
The old sucking on a prop trick is clichéd because it works -- do n't be scared to use it .
If there 's nothing suitable readily available , suck on your finger .
This is extremely effective if you do it in public .
Just keep your eyes locked on his , so he knows the prop is standing in for his dick , not someone else 's .
In a similar vein , give him a big sloppy kiss and pretend his tongue is his dick .
Suck it into your mouth and run your tongue over it .
Some guys like this more than others .
Once you get him alone with plenty of time , give him a show .
You or he can take your clothes off , but if you want him to do it you might need to get it started to give him the idea -- men can be a bit slow sometimes !
If you 're a confident girl , give him a bit of a striptease , with or without music , finish up with a few sexy poses , then get out his dick and chow down .
If you 're a bit less outgoing , or you 're shy , take your own clothes off , but do it slowly .
One thing that used to help me was imagining your hands belong to someone else .
Move a slowly as you can , turning occasionally .
Caress your own skin like a lover should .
A big teasing tip : remove your underwear with your back to him , but turn between bra and panties so he gets a look at your tits .
Pinch your nipples a bit for him , I 've never met a man that did n't work on .
If you 're insecure about your body , do all this with the lights low ; guys have a pretty good imagination , so chances are he 'll remember you looking sexier than you think .
So now we 're at the stage where you 're naked and he 's starting to go crazy with lust .
You need to get over there and start sucking , and you can just do that directly if you want .
This works well in terms of making him feel irresistible .
I would recommend saying something like , " Get that big dick out , honey , I want to suck you dry , " as you advance on him .
Try to time it so your knees hit the floor as his cock pops out of his pants , that way it 's more like a porn movie , and he 'll love it .
To keep things in your control , you need to keep him mesmerised , so I 'd recommend slow and sexy movements .
If he 's standing I like to walk over to him , swaying my hips , and grab his belt .
Pull him up against you , press your tits into his chest , and kiss him as you undo his pants .
Get down on your knees as you push his undies down ; kiss down his body if you want , I would recommend looking into his eyes .
If he 's sitting I like to crawl over to him .
If he's on a chair I crawl all the way , but if he's on a bed I 'll walk to the bed then crawl up to him .
As you crawl , arch your back downward like a cat stretching .
Try brushing your nipples on the floor .
This leaves your ass sticking up in the air , and the crawling motion will make it sway enticingly .
When you reach him , stop at his dick , give him a lustful look and start getting into his pants .
This is the point at which you either whip him out and get going , or you turn the teasing up to eleven .
I have driven guys wild by starting to blow them through their underwear ( this works better with stretchy skin - tight undies than with loose silk boxers ) .
Try giving him the impression that as much as you 're teasing him , the self - denial is twice as bad for you .
A girlfriend of mine likes to savour the smell as if it's a cigar .
Do whatever you feel like , the important thing is you 're teasing him to make it better , not to make his life miserable !
How you proceed once you 're face - to - face with his cock depends on what condition it 's in .
Young guys will be just about ready to cum , while old guys wo n't be hard yet ( generally -- prepare to be surprised , it 's part of the fun ! ) .
One thing I absolutely love is putting a flaccid dick in my mouth and feeling it swell up in there .
I 'll also pop the young guys straight in so that if they 're going to lose it we can get the first one out of the way and start again .
Otherwise I generally give the cock a bit of a tongue bath .
I 'd like to talk a bit about taste .
Personally , I think cock tastes good .
It does n't have to be straight out of the shower , I do n't mind if it 's developed a bit of an aroma , within reason .
If you pull it out of his pants and the smell beats you over the head take him off to the shower , give him a rinse , and continue there .
Trust me , most guys will do anything for head , so he wo n't mind .
Just try not to grimace or retch .
You might find a man who wants you to lick things off him .
Whipped cream and stuff is fine ( although wash well to avoid smelling of cheese ) , no problems .
Lots of guys like you to lick your pussy juices off them ( assuming you 're not using a condom , which means only in a trusting relationship once you 've been tested -- very important ) , which is something I have no problem with .
I would advise you to taste yourself on your own if you think you might do this -- just lick your fingers when you masturbate , and that way you wo n't surprise yourself .
Some guys want to do the ass - to - mouth thing they 've seen in porn .
Leave this one in the videos , it 's not worth the risk associated with ingesting your own shit .
Finally , personally I hate the taste of latex , but I know some of my girlfriends do n't mind it .
I always use flavoured condoms for casual sex so he 'll at least taste of chocolatey latex .
So , we 're up to licking his dick all over .
Try to savour the experience , it 'll turn him on even more if you 're loving what you 're doing .
One important thing about cocks is that you can push them up ( against his stomach ) , but it could hurt him if you push it down too hard ( some guys love this , though ) .
Most guys like it if you push their cock up against their stomach and lick the underside of it .
You can move down and lick their balls ( gently ! ) , and I go a bit lower to lick the perineum .
This is where if you are into it , and do n't mind the risk , you can give your man 's ass a bit of a licking .
Usually at this point you 've got one hand lifting his cock by the tip , and the other 's not really doing much , which leads us to the question of what to do with your hands .
If you 're lucky enough to have a big man , your hands will be very useful because they will be the only way to stimulate the base of his dick .
Wrap your hand around his shaft and pump the bit you can't fit into your mouth .
You can do the same thing if you want to concentrate on his head with your lips and tongue .
If you 're at a loss , you could always play with yourself .
I 've sucked a lot of guys who loved to look down and see me sucking hard on their cock while I tweaked and pulled both my nipples .
If you 're planning to blow this guy again , be sure to show him the wet spot you leave behind because you got so turned on sucking on his big , beautiful , hard cock .
By now you should have a big , hard cock in your mouth ( you lucky thing ! ) and your man 's full attention .
As far as I can tell , the consensus seems to be that sloppy is better .
Make sure you 're not dehydrated before you start so you can generate spit -- you want to leave a shiny layer all over him .
He 'll love the idea that you drool at the thought of sucking him off , and I 'm told it feels better .
This is also an area where fingering yourself gives you an advantage -- just use your own juices to lube him up , supplementing his precum and your saliva .
You might have seen in porn ( or maybe real life , who knows ?! ) girls spitting at cocks .
This is something I personally find a bit weird , but if a guy asked for it I 'd do it .
What I find sexier is nestling him between my boobs and sort of dribbling on him .
Anything that misses I just wipe from my tits onto his cock .
Speaking of this kind of thing , I 've been with guys who 've asked for a titfuck , and I 'm usually happy to oblige .
I think with this kind of thing the turn - on is more visual than anything else , so be sure to look up at him with your sexy eyes and make a real show of sliding your boobs over his hard - on .
Rather than waste saliva on this ( it 's hard to make enough ) I recommend you get some lube .
If it does n't make you feel silly , a bit of dirty talking would n't go astray .
One thing I do like is rubbing the cock over my nipples .
In fact I love to tell a man how wonderful his cock is as I rub it over my skin -- face , tits , nipples , through my hair .
I think it 's because it feels a bit naughty .
On the subject of talking , I have this to say : if you can talk to the guy , it 's not a blowjob .
Your mouth should be full most of the time .
Do n't get me wrong , handjobs are great , especially at the end .
I love to watch a dick twitch and pump a big load of cum at me , watch it fly towards me , and feel it splatter on my skin .
If you 're giving head , however , there needs to be lots of contact between your mouth and his dick .
If you want to talk to him , do it between deep sucks of his cock .
For example , ask him how it feels , then bury him in your mouth while he groans his ecstatic response , then pop him out again and tell him you love it too .
Also , give him the impression talking is secondary to sucking by not answering him immediately .
If he asks you a yes / no question , do n't even take him out of your mouth , just answer with an " Uh - huh " with your mouth full .
In terms of incoherent noises , I would advise you not to fake sexual pleasure -- most guys wo n't buy it if you fake an orgasm while blowing them .
If you do want to make some sort of moan , think more of eating a delicious chocolate dessert rather than being skilfully fingered .
Of course , if you 're going to cum for real , just let it out , and if you are playing with yourself ( or he 's playing with you ) , respond to that too .
The noises he really wants to hear are the ones that show how hard you 're working -- the sucking , slurping , popping noise of a girl trying as hard as she can to drink her man 's cum !
If you talk to him , do n't be too clever -- remember most of his blood 's not in his brain anymore !
When I first see his cock I like to complement it -- tell him it's big , hot , hard , beautiful , whatever 's not too blatant a lie .
If you really can't complement its appearance , give it a good licking or sucking and then tell him it 's delicious .
In fact , tell him that regardless .
During the course of the blowjob you can reinforce the message by repeating it .
You could also tell him how much you love what you 're doing , or how turned on you are ( do n't lie about this -- he might check ) .
If this is just stage one of the lovemaking , tell him what you look forward to doing next .
If he 's a stranger you 've picked up , you could tell him you never do this but you find him irresistible .
At the end , it 's usually a good idea to give the guy permission and encouragement .
It 's nice to let him know you want to swallow , or take it on your face , or whatever .
If there 's something you do n't want , tell him you do want something else , so instead of , " Do n't you dare cum in my mouth , you perve , " go for , " I want it all over my tits , you big stud . "
If you do n't want the cum on you , tell him you want to watch it shoot , then point his dick past you .
As far as technique goes , I think it comes pretty naturally .
You 're mimicking intercourse using your mouth , essentially .
The difference is teeth , tongue , and the " fact " that good girls do n't do it .
Lots of guys are freaked out by teeth in blowjobs , some guys like it .
You could ask , but I prefer to let him ask me for it .
Generally , just use your teeth either to scrape gently over the shaft , or to kind of grip the head at the back and pull , once again , gently !
The tongue is a whole other matter .
You need to use it .
I do n't have a tongue piercing because I like my teeth and do n't want them chipped or ground down , but apparently this really does make a difference .
Your tongue should slither around him , wrapping itself around the head , sliding along the shaft .
Your technique will vary depending on the length of your tongue .
A favourite among guys seems to be sticking your tongue out to lick his balls while his dick is buried in your mouth , but unless he 's miniscule you 'll need to control your gag reflex .
Now , guys love going down your throat , which is something I blame on porn .
I personally have a gag reflex , so I can't do the relentless throat - fucking thing you see in movies , and I do n't think there 's anything sexy about puking .
If you are with someone who wants to make you throw up , make sure you get most of it on him .
This deep - throat thing is ok as long as you 're in control , though .
Once again , probably because it feels naughty , it can be a real turn - on to go as far down a cock as you can .
I think guys actually prefer it if you gag a little bit , pop up for air , then dive straight back onto them , rather than either the professional " I can do this all night " thing or if you go too hard and spend minutes coughing .
If a guy grabs your head and you 're not one of those girls who likes that , or if you do n't trust this particular guy , take his hands and move them down to your nipples .
Then suck him as deep and as hard as you can to show there 's no hard feelings .
If you 're still at a loss as far as technique goes , get some porn and try anything you see that you like .
What 's even more fun is to get some porn , then watch it with your man and give him what he sees on screen ( maybe a good idea to check the movie on your own first to avoid nasty surprises ! ) .
Guys love it if you can give them exactly the same rhythm and action as the slut on screen .
After doing your thing for a while , he 'll be getting ready to unload for you .
If you 're a bit inexperienced and can't tell , he 'll start to do something different -- lots of guys start to thrust at you , which means they want you to use their rhythm rather than yours so go with that ; some guys go still , so basically do n't let that freak you out ; some guys start talking more , or get less coherent and more grunty .
If he starts saying , " I 'm gonna cum , I 'm gonna cum , " over and over , he 's probably a little way off and needs some help , which you can provide by popping him out of your mouth and begging for a big load !
You 'll learn to read the signs pretty easily -- when he cums , his pelvic muscles all squeeze up to shoot the semen out of him and this means his balls will lift up and his shaft will twitch .
Then you 'll find yourself with a jet of spunk to deal with , and you should think about how you 're going to do that well before it happens .
Personally , I think cum tastes fantastic -- I 'd buy it in bottles if I could -- so obviously I have no problem swallowing it .
If you do , I suggest two things .
First of all , catch it on your skin , then rub it in -- it 's sexy without you needing to taste it .
Secondly , try to acquire a taste for it , because there are some fun places you can blow a man where you do n't want to leave a mess ( your car , for example ) .
Some guys want to cum on you ( usually face or tits after a blowjob ) , which might be their way of marking you or something .
Whatever it is , there 's not much reason not to let them if you 're in private .
If you 're in public ( or about to be ) , maybe consider just how bad the consequences could be , although chances are people wo n't really notice much .
One of the sexiest things I 've ever done was to blow a random guy first thing in the morning at university , have him wipe his dick in my hair , and then walk around all day being able to smell the faint aroma of cock in my hair .
None of my girlfriends commented , so I assume they did n't notice , but I was so turned on I had to go and buy some more panties at lunchtime .
To give a man the best of both worlds , do one of these , then the other .
Either have him cum on you , then scoop it up and eat it , or collect his cum in your mouth and dribble it all over yourself .
I have a friend who likes to " accidentally on purpose " get a few dribbles on her clothes to make herself look and feel more slutty .
Once you finish , do n't forget to thank him -- he 'll thank you , but wo n't expect thanks back .
If he 's a regular of yours tell him you have so much fun you need to do it more often .
If he 's more of a one - off thing tell him you 'd love to do it again .
I hope all this helps .
Please remember to be safe , and that nobody has the right to force you to do something you do n't want to do .
Did You Know ?
It is not overwhelming and it is not underwhelming .
You leave the production feeling merely whelmed .
Thus wrote Michael Phillips in the Los Angeles Times , February 6 , 2001 .
Contemporary writers like Philips sometimes use " whelm " to denote a middle stage between " underwhelm " and " overwhelm . "
But that 's not how " whelm " has traditionally been used .
" Whelm " and " overwhelm " have been with us since Middle English ( when they were " whelmen " and " overwhelmen " ) , and throughout the years their meanings have largely overlapped .
Both words early on meant " to overturn , " for example , and both have also come to mean " to overpower in thought or feeling . "
Around 1950 , however , folks started using a third word , " underwhelmed , " for " unimpressed , " and lately " whelmed " has been popping up with the meaning " moderately impressed . "
On July 2 , 1776 , the American colonies declared their independence from Great Britain when the Continental Congress finally approved ( with twelve colonies voting yes and New York abstaining ) this resolution :
Resolved ,
That these United Colonies are , and , of right , ought to be , Free and Independent States ; that they are absolved from all allegiance to the British crown , and that all political connexion between them , and the state of Great Britain , is , and ought to be , totally dissolved .
That evening , the Pennsylvania Evening Post printed this notice : “ This day the Continental Congress declared the United Colonies Free and Independent States . ”
John Adams , in his July 3 , 1776 letter to his wife , Abigail , wrote :
The Second Day of July 1776 , will be the most memorable Epocha , in the History of America .
I am apt to believe that it will be celebrated , by succeeding Generations , as the great anniversary Festival …
It ought to be solemnized with Pomp and Parade , with Shews , Games , Sports , Guns , Bells , Bonfires , and Illuminations from one End of this Continent to the other from this Time forward forever more .
So what happened on July 4 , 1776 ?
On that date , the Continental Congress approved and formally adopted the final revised draft of the Declaration of Independence .
( Jefferson drafted the Declaration of Independence between June 11 and June 28 , the document was read to Congress on June 28 , and over the next few days it was debated and many changes were made . )
The earliest printed versions of the Declaration of Independence begin : “ IN CONGRESS , JULY 4 , 1776 .
A DECLARATION BY THE REPRESENTATIVES OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA . ”
The first was a broadside printed on July 5th by John Dunlap .
On July 6 , the Pennyslvania Evening Post was the first newspaper to publish the text of the Declaration .
On July 19th , the Congress ordered that the Declaration be “ fairly engrossed on parchment , with the title and stile of ‘ The unanimous declaration of the thirteen United States of America , ’ and that the same , when engrossed , be signed by every member of Congress . ”
On August 2 , this large engrossed vellum copy of the Declaration of Independence , dated at the top July 4 , 1776 , was signed by many ( but not all ) of the delegates .
This is the copy that resides at the National Archives .
Here are a few additional links for your reading pleasure :
So join me in celebrating both momentous days– July 2nd ( the anniversary of American independence ) and July 4th ( the anniversary of the adoption of the Declaration of Independence ) .
Update : Want more ?
https://lisagoldresearch.wordpress.com/2010/07/02/the-second-day-of-july-1776-will-be-the-most-memorable-epocha-in-the-history-of-america/
The European Commission announced today that 10 mobile phone producers , which represent some 90 percent of the mobile phone market in the European Union , have signed a voluntary agreement to use standardized chargers for mobile phones using a micro-USB connector .
The agreement addresses the EC 's concern that mobile phone chargers create needless electronic waste .
European Commission Vice - President G�nter Verheugen said during a press conference today that the mobile phone market in Europe alone is responsible for thousands of tons of waste each year as phones are upgraded and old ones are discarded on a short life cycle .
" In the European Union market alone , there are about 185 million new mobile phones a year , " Verheugen said .
" We 're talking about a very short life cycle .
Worse than that , if you 've got different phones , it 's always a problem of making sure you 've got the right charger . "
He held up a mass of different chargers to illustrate his point .
The standard should go into effect by the middle of next year , with new phones being provided with a charger that conforms to the standard .
Eventually , phones are expected to be offered without a charger , ultimately reducing waste and hassle for the end user .
The standard will use USB for charging , and use a micro-USB connector on the phone itself , so ideally any charger could be used with any phone .
" On principle , you would never have to buy a new charger again , " Verheugen remarked .
The proposed standard only applies to " data - enabled " mobile phones , though the percentage of smart phones versus standard mobile phones is continually increasing .
So far , the 10 companies that have signed the " Memorandum of Understanding " submitted to the EC includes Apple , LG , Motorola , NEC , Nokia , Qualcomm , Research in Motion , Samsung , Sony Ericsson , and Texas Instruments .
The commission estimates that these 10 companies represent approximately 90 percent of the mobile phone market in Europe .
The agreement is similar to one adopted by the GSM association earlier this year , which calls for USB charging and standardizing on a micro-USB port on the device , and also coincides with a Chinese standard that all new mobile phones must use USB for charging .
" We are optimistic that this standard could be adopted in other geographies , " said Bridget Cosgrave , director of DigitalEurope , a trade group that represents consumer electronics companies .
The EC had been asking for a consensus on the charging issue from the mobile industry to address the problem of ever - changing chargers .
" If there were not to be a voluntary agreement , then this year even , we would be looking to come forward with draft legislation , " said Verheugen .
" But this voluntary agreement is a much better state of affairs . "
Today , my husband and I locked our keys in the car .
Our only spare is in the drawer with all our sex toys .
So we either had to get our oldest go in the drawer and get them to bring to us or walk the 12 miles home .
My feet will never recover from that walk .
FML
OTTAWA–A gay and lesbian arts festival that was told it met all government criteria under a new tourism stimulus program learned today it was rejected for funding .
The news arrived at Montreal 's Divers - Cite a few weeks after tension swept the Conservative caucus over funding for Toronto 's Pride week , and just days before the beginning of their event .
The directors of Divers - Cite had actually sprung to the defence of Stephen Harper 's government earlier this month , telling The Canadian Press that the Conservatives had never treated them differently .
Some in the gay community attacked them for their comments .
They had submitted a bid under the new Marquee Tourism Events Program for $ 155,000 to add performers and promotion to this year 's $ 2 - million event .
Government relations and marketing director Paul Girard said bureaucrats handling his file at Industry Canada told him his application met all the criteria , and had been sent up to Minister Tony Clement 's office for final approval .
When he phoned to check on the bid Tuesday , Girard says he was told by a senior bureaucrat that the $ 100 million tourism program had received so many requests , the government simply had to make a choice .
" We knew that anybody that was to be refused and did n't meet the criteria got a quick No , " said Girard .
" As time advanced , we became more and more confident . "
Paul 's sister Suzanne , the festival 's director , says the organization was completely shocked by the response .
Divers - Cite has received funding from Economic Development Canada for several years , as well as Canadian Heritage .
She said she felt certain that every festival was on the same footing , because it was handled by an economic department and was designed to stimulate the economy .
" We met all the criteria – this is a democracy , " said Girard .
`` They changed the rules as they went along .
" I feel like I 've been had . "
Clement 's office was not immediately available for comment Tuesday evening .
Clement took over the new tourism funding envelope late last month , after members of the Tory caucus complained that junior minister Diane Ablonczy had approved funding for Toronto 's Pride week festivities .
MP Brad Trost told a socially conservative news website that Ablonczy had been stripped of the portfolio .
The government said the plan was to move the envelope to Clement all along .
Other Conservatives , including Senator Nancy Ruth and former cabinet minister Monte Solberg , sprang to Ablonczy 's defence , saying she handled the portfolio properly and without undue political meddling .
The Marquee Tourism Event Program has a rigorous approval system , to avoid the pitfalls the previous sponsorship program under the Liberals experienced with political intervention .
Only larger events that attract significant out - of - town tourism qualify .
Vancouver and Montreal pride weeks did not qualify under the criteria .
Paul Girard said he has noticed that although Divers - Cite received two - year funding by the Economic Development Canada this year , for the first time the agency did not send his event a public letter congratulating them on their continued success .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
This year 's Divers - Cite festival features international acts such as Latin American songstress India , Quebecois performer Marjo and disco queens Sister Sledge .
Read more about :
In the 1980s , a popular hypothesis was that any number of people were suffering from trauma they knew nothing about ; dissociative amnesia , or repressed memories .
At issue is how to prove whether memories of trauma , such as childhood sexual abuse , could be repressed and then resurface later in life .
Overzealous therapists and willing victims led to any number of false allegations and the resulting damage to families can't be overstated .
Even a hint of child abuse is guilt in the minds of many .
In 2006 , a contest by Harvard University psychiatrists Harrison G. Pope and James Hudson , both well - known skeptics of repressed memory , was the latest salvo in what had been a fading controversy and something the psychology community would have preferred forgotten ; they argued that if repressed memory were a genuine natural phenomenon that has always affected people , " then someone , somewhere , in the thousands of years prior to 1800 , would have witnessed it and portrayed it in a nonfictional work or in a fictional character . "
They launched a contest , known as the Repression Challenge , offering a $ 1,000 prize to anyone who could identify a pre-1800 literary example of traumatic memory that has been repressed by an otherwise healthy individual , and then recovered .
In 2007 , Pope and Hudson published their results in the journal Psychological Medicine , claiming that after reviewing more than 100 responses , none of them met the contest criteria , leading Pope and Hudson to conclude that " dissociative amnesia is not a natural neuropsychological phenomenon , but instead a culture - bound syndrome , dating from the nineteenth century . "
Their findings drew national media attention .
Now a Brown political scientist says they were wrong .
Ross Cheit said he repeatedly contacted Pope and the journal editors shortly after the article was published , requesting the data from Pope and raising questions about the contest methodology .
Several months later , Pope and his team acknowledged on their Web site that the submitted example of Nina , a 1786 opera by the French composer Nicolas Dalayrac , fulfilled the contest criteria and that the $ 1,000 prize had been awarded .
However , Cheit said , they never published a correction , addendum , or retraction of their original article and its conclusions .
So what ?
" The entire situation is remarkable to me .
It 's clearly a ' heads I win , tails you lose ' situation , " Cheit said .
" Pope takes an extreme position in saying there 's no such thing as recovered memory and I 'm stunned that a scientist would be such an extremist .
I 'm also stunned that a scientist would be so willing to ignore evidence that contradicts him .
"
In a current Journal of Trauma & Dissociation article co-authored by Rachel E. Goldsmith of Reed College and Mary E. Wood of University of Oregon , Cheit calls Pope 's entire contest " a sham , " accusing Pope 's team of failing to provide a thorough account of all submissions and the process by which they were rejected , offering highly questionable literary analysis , and including several misrepresentations of the state of the science regarding memory for trauma .
Cheit and his team offer additional literary examples and summarize some data that Pope and his team did not consider .
Does that mean they firmly believe that repressed memories are as prevalent as once claimed , or exist at all ?
No , they just do n't believe literature examples can disprove amnesia .
They conclude , " Literature can provide important information about human experience , but it cannot prove or disprove traumatic amnesia any more than it can prove or disprove the existence of bacteria or dragons .
Literary passages and modern scientific data do reveal descriptions and data , respectively , that depict dissociative amnesia as a naturally occurring traumatic sequela .
" The issue of Journal of Trauma & Dissociation includes a response from Pope and his team and a rebuttal by Cheit , Goldsmith , and Wood .
Original submissions and other Repression Challenge information are available at Pope ’s Web site : www.biopsychlab.com
In addition to Goldsmith and Wood , Cheit enlisted two Brown undergraduate students for research assistance : Hee Kyung Chung and Hannah Schafer .
Saturday , 04 July 2009 13:47
Original audio message available here :
http://freegaza.org/it/home/56-news/984-a-message-from-cynth
ia - from - a- cell - block - in- israel
This is Cynthia McKinney and I 'm speaking from an Israeli prison cellblock in Ramle .
[ I am one of ] the Free Gaza 21 , human rights activists currently imprisoned for trying to take medical supplies to Gaza , building supplies - and even crayons for children , I had a suitcase full of crayons for children .
While we were on our way to Gaza the Israelis threatened to fire on our boat , but we did not turn around .
The Israelis high - jacked and arrested us because we wanted to give crayons to the children in Gaza .
We have been detained , and we want the people of the world to see how we have been treated just because we wanted to deliver humanitarian assistance to the people of Gaza .
At the outbreak of Israel 's Operation ' Cast Lead ' [ in December 2008 ] , I boarded a Free Gaza boat with one day 's notice and tried , as the US representative in a multi-national delegation , to deliver 3 tons of medical supplies to an already besieged and ravaged Gaza .
During Operation Cast Lead , U.S. - supplied F - 16's rained hellfire on a trapped people .
Ethnic cleansing became full scale outright genocide .
U.S. - supplied white phosphorus , depleted uranium , robotic technology , DIME weapons , and cluster bombs - new weapons creating injuries never treated before by Jordanian and Norwegian doctors .
I was later told by doctors who were there in Gaza during Israel 's onslaught that Gaza had become Israel 's veritable weapons testing laboratory , people used to test and improve the kill ratio of their weapons .
The world saw Israel 's despicable violence thanks to al - Jazeera Arabic and Press TV that broadcast in English .
I saw those broadcasts live and around the clock , not from the USA but from Lebanon , where my first attempt to get into Gaza had ended because the Israeli military rammed the boat I was on in international water ...
It 's a miracle that I 'm even here to write about my second encounter with the Israeli military , again a humanitarian mission aborted by the Israeli military .
The Israeli authorities have tried to get us to confess that we committed a crime ... I am now known as Israeli prisoner number 88794 .
How can I be in prison for collecting crayons to kids ?
Zionism has surely run out of its last legitimacy if this is what it does to people who believe so deeply in human rights for all that they put their own lives on the line for someone else 's children .
Israel is the fullest expression of Zionism , but if Israel fears for its security because Gaza 's children have crayons then not only has Israel lost its last shred of legitimacy , but Israel must be declared a failed state .
I am facing deportation from the state that brought me here at gunpoint after commandeering our boat .
I was brought to Israel against my will .
I am being held in this prison because I had a dream that Gaza 's children could color & paint , that Gaza 's wounded could be healed , and that Gaza 's bombed - out houses could be rebuilt .
But I 've learned an interesting thing by being inside this prison .
First of all , it 's incredibly black : populated mostly by Ethiopians who also had a dream ... like my cellmates , one who is pregnant .
They are all are in their twenties .
They thought they were coming to the Holy Land .
They had a dream that their lives would be better ...
The once proud , never colonized Ethiopia [ has been thrown into ] the back pocket of the United States , and become a place of torture , rendition , and occupation .
Ethiopians must free their country because superpower politics [ have ] become more important than human rights and self - determination .
My cellmates came to the Holy Land so they could be free from the exigencies of superpower politics .
They committed no crime except to have a dream .
They came to Israel because they thought that Israel held promise for them .
Their journey to Israel through Sudan and Egypt was arduous .
I can only imagine what it must have been like for them .
And it was n't cheap .
Many of them represent their family 's best collective efforts for self - fulfilment .
They made their way to the United Nations High Commission for Refugees .
They got their yellow paper of identification .
They got their certificate for police protection .
They are refugees from tragedy , and they made it to Israel only after they arrived Israel told them " there is no UN in Israel . "
The police here have license to pick them up & suck them into the black hole of a farce for a justice system .
These beautiful , industrious and proud women represent the hopes of entire families .
The idea of Israel tricked them and the rest of us .
In a widely propagandized slick marketing campaign , Israel represented itself as a place of refuge and safety for the world 's first Jews and Christian .
I too believed that marketing and failed to look deeper .
The truth is that Israel lied to the world .
Israel lied to the families of these young women .
Israel lied to the women themselves who are now trapped in Ramle 's detention facility .
And what are we to do ?
One of my cellmates cried today .
She has been here for 6 months .
As an American , crying with them is not enough .
The policy of the United States must be better , and while we watch President Obama give 12.8 trillion dollars to the financial elite of the United States it ought now be clear that hope , change , and ' yes we can ' were powerfully presented images of dignity and self - fulfilment , individually and nationally , that besieged people everywhere truly believed in .
It was a slick marketing campaign as slickly put to the world and to the voters of America as was Israel 's marketing to the world .
It tricked all of us but , more tragically , these young women .
We must cast an informed vote about better candidates seeking to represent us .
I have read and re-read Dr. Martin Luther King Junior 's letter from a Birmingham jail .
Never in my wildest dreams would I have ever imagined that I too would one day have to do so .
It is clear that taxpayers in Europe and the U.S. have a lot to atone for , for what they 've done to others around the world .
What an irony !
My son begins his law school program without me because I am in prison , in my own way trying to do my best , again , for other people 's children .
Forgive me , my son .
I guess I 'm experiencing the harsh reality which is why people need dreams . [ But ]
I 'm lucky .
I will leave this place .
Has Israel become the place where dreams die ?
Ask the people of Palestine .
Ask the stream of black and Asian men whom I see being processed at Ramle .
Ask the women on my cellblock .
[ Ask yourself : ] what are you willing to do ?
Let 's change the world together & reclaim what we all need as human beings : Dignity .
I appeal to the United Nations to get these women of Ramle , who have done nothing wrong other than to believe in Israel as the guardian of the Holy Land , resettled in safe homes .
I appeal to the United State 's Department of State to include the plight of detained UNHCR - certified refugees in the Israel country report in its annual human rights report .
I appeal once again to President Obama to go to Gaza : send your special envoy , George Mitchell there , and to engage Hamas as the elected choice of the Palestinian people .
I dedicate this message to those who struggle to achieve a free Palestine , and to the women I 've met at Ramle .
This is Cynthia McKinney , July 2nd 2009 , also known as Ramle prisoner number 88794 .
---
Cynthia McKinney is a former U.S. Congresswoman , Green Party presidential candidate , and an outspoken advocate for human rights and social justice .
The first African - American woman to represent the state of Georgia , McKinney served six terms in the U.S. House of Representatives , from 1993 - 2003 , and from 2005 - 2007 .
She was arrested and forcibly abducted to Israel while attempting to take humanitarian and reconstruction supplies to Gaza on June 30th .
For more information , please see http://www.FreeGaza.org
Apple is one of the coolest companies in the world , with some of the most iconic products ever seen in a geek 's hand or desk .
But Apple is notorious for secrecy .
It does n't blog , it never gives anything away and as the New York Times wrote recently , it imposes harsh sanctions on employees who violate rules about information sharing .
The farce around Steve Jobs ' recent return to work after his liver transplant was a case in point .
The secrecy around it was so high that it raised intense levels of speculation .
A blog post or a statement could have calmed investor fears instead Apple and Jobs jealously guarded any information .
But this has worked for Apple .
Feverish levels of hype and interest surround every product launch , meaning that the company never has to say anything the products just speak for themselves .
Consider the iPhone .
It 's a great gadget , but Apple jealously guards all tech details .
Or think of iTunes .
Apple just recently shut access to the music service from the Palm Pre .
Not too keen on sharing , are they ?
Microsoft 's lessons
Apple and its products have never really had big problems with security , at least not on the level of a company like Microsoft .
IrishCentral 's guide to the perfect Celtic wedding : Click here
Irish wedding tips and traditions : Click here
Traditional Irish wedding cake recipe : Click here
Extremely successful reality TV producer Mark Burnett has come up with TV gold including “ Survivor , ” “ The Bachelor ” and “ The Apprentice . ”
His newest reality show is called “ Wedding Day , ” where the cast and crew build a deserving couple , including a traditional Irish bride and groom , the wedding of their dreams .
Burnett himself has no need to be on the TNT show ; he ’s already happily married to talented Irish actress Roma Downey , but he ’s proud of his newest endeavor , which went to so far as to build an Irish couple a replica of a traditional Irish chapel .
He talked to SheKnows about what makes his wedding show stand out from the rest .
“ It ’s a heartwarming show ; have n’t spoken to anybody who has n’t felt a little moistness around the eyes , a lump in your throat when you watch these stories , ” he said .
“ Wedding Day ” is no “ Bridezilla ” – couples on the show are modest , hard - working people who expect no extravagance on their special day .
“ No request was too big …when you ’re dealing with real working people , they ’re not the kind of people who are going to make some crazy request , ” Burnett said .
But that does n’t mean the creators of “ Wedding Day ” wo n’t deliver some amazing , over - the - top wedding perks , particularly for a couple enthusiastic about their Irish heritage .
Burnett said : “ We got one bride who said , you know , we ’re an Irish family and we respect the old Irish music and the themes of old Ireland and I ’d like some Irish theme .
“ Totally out of left field , you know , but you know what ?
We built a totally old Irish chapel for them to get married in . ”
With “ Wedding Day , ” Burnett joins his wife , Downey , spokesperson for children ’s charity Operation Smile , in using his fame and influence to do good in the world .
The show has provided dream weddings for a bride who was in a near - fatal car crash , two Army captains who were shipped to Iraq and a couple overwhelmed with medical bills .
“ It ’s these stories of people who ’ve done so much for others , whether it ’s their job as a cop or the military or teaching , or with charities and that kind of thing , and now they want to get married , it ’s their big day -- but they ca n’t afford a beautiful wedding , ” Burnett said .
“ And it ’s ironic , you know , how much they ’ve done for others and now , now I ’m giving to them . ”
" Wedding Day " premieres on TNT on Tuesday , June 16
But the judge said he had decided not to jail her because she had made progress in the last six months since being prescribed with medication for a personality disorder .
Recognize and prevent kidney stones
The function of your kidneys is to remove excess fluid from your body and filtering out unneeded electrolytes and wastes from your blood , resulting in the production of urine .
Kidney stones form when the minerals and acid salts in your urine crystallize , stick together , and solidify into a mass .
This happens when your urine contains more crystal - forming substances , such as calcium and uric acid , than the available fluid can dilute .
This can happen when urine is highly acid or highly alkaline .
Certain drugs can also promote kidney stones , such as Lasix ( furosemide ) , Topomax ( topiramate ) , and Xenical , among others .
Many times , it is a combination of factors that create an environment favorable to stone formation .
The conditions allowing kidney stones to form are created by problems in the way your body absorbs and eliminates calcium and other substances .
Sometimes the underlying cause is a metabolic disorder or kidney disease .
You will not experience symptoms until the stone moves into the ureter ; a urine carrying tube from your kidney to your bladder .
Common symptoms include :
Pain in your side and back , below your ribs
Episodes of pain lasting 20 to 60 minutes , of varying intensity
Pain ? waves ?
radiating from your side and back , to your lower abdomen and groin
Bloody , cloudy or foul - smelling urine
Pain with urination
Nausea and vomiting
persistent urge to urinate
Fever and chills ( indicates an infection is also present )
Lifestyle modifications go a long way to help prevent this painful condition .
Staying hydrated is perhaps the most important thing one can do .
You should also get adequate exercise while avoiding products like sugar , soy , and processed foods .
Brian
Haw won a court battle to protest in the square A Tory government would attempt to remove the long standing peace camp in Parliament Square , David Cameron says .
Anti-war campaigner Brian
Haw has been camping opposite Parliament since 2001 , surrounded by banners and placards .
He has been joined in the square by other protesters over the years - most recently a large group of Tamils .
The Tory leader said he was in favour of free speech but the square had been turned into a " pretty poor place " and it was time to say " enough is enough " .
Mr Haw initially set up his camp in protest at sanctions against Iraq and then over the war itself but there is no indication his protest is coming to an end , despite the withdrawal of British troops in Iraq .
The father - of - seven has successfully resisted repeated attempts to remove him by Westminster City Council in London and by the government .
' Enough ' Several peace protesters were evicted from the square in August 2007 by the Greater London Authority to " prevent it becoming an illegal campsite " , after reports that homeless people were sleeping there .
But Mr Haw from Redditch , Worcestershire , was allowed to stay .
Earlier that year he won a legal battle to remain in place due to a drafting error in a new law banning unauthorised protests in Westminster , but was ordered to restrict his banners and placard display to a three - metre area .
But the peace camp has sparked complaints from MPs and peers on all sides that it is too noisy and an eyesore .
Mr Cameron today told Sky News ' Sunday Live a future
Tory government would take steps to have it removed .
He said : " I am all in favour of free speech and the right to demonstrate and the right to protest .
" But I think there are moments when our Parliament Square does look like a pretty poor place , with shanty town tents and the rest of it .
" I am all for demonstrations , but my argument is ` Enough is enough ' . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This is an English translation of a French article published in Le Figaro , July 6 , 2009 , Iran : doctors denounce terror in hospitals
While passing through Paris , they denounced the climate of terror that exists in hospitals where the injured anti-Ahmadinejad protesters have been transferred .
They have seen too much .
For fear of reprisals , they kept silent .
But passing through France for a few days , they want to break the wall of fear , at any price .
“ In Tehran , we are the powerless witnesses of real crimes against humanity , ” says one of two Iranian doctors , met this weekend in Paris , and who prefers to remain anonymous for security reasons .
“ Since the beginning of the anti-Ahmadinejad protests , he said , militiamen and security agents in civilian clothing have established a policy of terror in the hospitals .
They are conducting a hunt without mercy against the injured .
“ It all started on Saturday 13 June - the first day of protest against the election results .
They began to ask for a list of admitted wounded from the hospitals that were located close to the events , ” says the doctor .
Objective barely veiled : “ identify the protesters injured , and then take them to court , accusing them of disturbing public order , ” he says .
Over 92 dead
According to several testimonies that circulate among the medical staff , Rasoul Akram Hospital , not far from Tehran University , received 38 corps , including 28 wounded and 10 dead from the “ Black Monday ” ( June 15 ) .
“ We found that the bullets had passed through the torsos diagonally , which means they were fired from above - i.e. a roof , ” says the second doctor .
According to an official report , at least 17 people have been killed since the beginning of the conflict .
However , a list quietly made by the nursing staff from different hospitals showed that to date more than 92 people died in Tehran and its suburbs .
A woman eight months pregnant is one of the victims .
Shot and killed , near the presidential palace , she was then transported to the hospital .
Other disturbing stories are beginning to emerge in broad daylight , as one of the six corpses of young men found last week in Shahriar , on the outskirts of the capital .
“ They all died from wounds in the neck .
Their skulls had been smashed and their brains had been opened , presumably to retrieve the bullet to erase the trace of the crime , ” says the second doctor informed of this terrible massacre by a trusted colleague .
To cover this kind of attack , the doctors have been asked to certify that the persons whose bodies have been transferred to their hospitals died during surgery .
“ In several hospitals - including Rasoul Akram and Imam Khomeini - we have organized a sit - in protest .
But state television said it was a strike for better wages .
That ’s terribly shocking , ” says the second doctor .
One of his friends , doctor on call for emergencies Erfan Hospital , has been “ punished ” for having stood up to the militia .
“ After missing for thirty - six hours , he was found half - conscious and disfigured on the sidewalk of the hospital , ” he says .
Funerals under surveillance
Faced with the resistance of a part of the medical profession , the bodies of protesters were quickly taken away .
“ We think they were transferred to the military hospital Baqiatollah or in a place unknown to the general public , ” says the doctor .
Then , under the pretext of “ organ donation ” , the bodies were stripped of all traces of the bullets .
“ Parents are forced to accept if they want to retrieve the body for burial , ” he said .
In the main cemetery Behesht-e Zahra , burials take place under surveillance .
“ It is prohibited to indicate the reason of death on the gravestone , ” says a witness contacted by telephone in Tehran .
Somewhere in Volusia County , in a patch of scrub pine dense enough to block the wind but not the sun , is a sinister - looking building -- a cross between a house and a shack -- that looks like the kind of place you 'd find corpses stacked like cordwood .
There 's a loud , gas - powered generator droning away near the side , and a bright orange extension cord running up through a boarded window .
A small , hand - lettered , cardboard sign on the door reads , " dougs . "
No apostrophe .
It is n't Doug 's house ; there is no Doug .
The name is an inside joke , and inaccurate at that .
More on that later .
On April 29 , a Tuesday , I took the phone call that led me to that shack .
It was from a guy named Jim , no last name .
He called me late , at home .
I 'd been researching a story on manatee protection zones .
Boaters and fishermen vs. environmentalists , sea cows scared by propellers , etc .
An old story in Florida , but evergreen .
During my research , Rick Rescott , a towboat operator from Brevard County , was sentenced for a ticket he got while speeding in a manatee protection zone en route to rescue a sinking vessel in April 2002 .
Rescott refused to pay the $ 100 fine , which he called " ludicrous , " and was convicted by a federal judge of " unlawful waterborne activity " April 21 .
He was looking at six months in federal prison and a $ 250,000 fine .
He got a $ 400 fine and says he 'll appeal .
Then there was the flap in Volusia County between the Save the Manatee Club , the Florida Wildlife Federation and the Environmental Protection Agency , which had n't really taken manatees very seriously , failing to create new boat speed zones .
But they finally got together , right before a federal judge held U.S. Interior Secretary Gail Norton in contempt of court for failing to protect sea cows .
Jim , no last name , got my home phone number from Dale Koontze , a Bithlo - based boating activist with a " grassroots " group called Stopping Petty Environmentalists Everywhere Daily ( SPEED , get it ? ) .
I interviewed Koontze in his garage for the story , despite the fact that , as far as I could tell , his group consisted primarily of himself , his cousin Lenny Staver , and a neighbor of Koontze 's who never said a word and would n't tell me his name .
Koontze is about 5 - feet , eight - inches tall and at least 200 pounds .
He wore greasy jeans and an inexplicably spotless white dress shirt .
In the course of two hours , he put away seven Bud Lights , nine Marlboro Mediums and two packages of beef jerky .
He also managed to connect the protected status of manatees to the highest levels of the " Democrat party " under Clinton 's " reign of terror . "
" It 's not a goddamn coincidence that bitch Janet Reno is from Florida , and we get these water zones , " he told me .
Manatees are not now , and never were , endangered , he added .
" Fucking environuts .
Ever seen one of 'em enjoying themselves out on a day of fishing ? "
I admitted that I had n't , but only because I wanted to leave and questioning Koontze would surely mean enduring him for another half hour at least .
I 've got to think , however , that Koontze perceived my disinterest as empathy , because he passed my business card on to Jim , no last name , who handed me the biggest story of my career on a greasy , worn , chipped piece of china .
Down the river
Jim called two days later .
I did n't recognize his voice , and the caller I.D. said " unknown . "
" I really think you should meet with me .
I really think we have something important to add to your manatee article , " he said .
I met him two days later in the parking lot of a Brevard County 7 - 11 ( per my agreement with Jim , I wo n't get more specific ) at 10 a.m .
He would n't meet me at his house .
If I knew his address , he reasoned , I could easily find out his last name .
He was tall and wiry , and exuded a certain nervous energy .
He wore a fishnet baseball cap , a thin , polyester work shirt and grease - stained black jeans .
He chain - smoked and kept a Styrofoam cooler full of Natural Light in his pickup truck between the driver and passenger seats .
We shook hands , and he told me to get in the truck .
" Leave your camera in your car , " he said .
" We 'll provide the pictures . "
We drove north on I - 95 for about 30 minutes , entering from State Road 520 just east of Cocoa , and flipping between right - wing talk - show hosts Neil Boortz and Glenn Beck along the way .
It was mid-morning on a Thursday , and traffic was light .
Jim drove slowly , perhaps because there was an open beer can in his lap , perhaps because his 1991 Ford was n't up to towing the 12 - foot fishing boat hitched to the back .
We stayed on the interstate about 30 minutes , then exited onto State Road 46 and headed west .
From there , Jim made a sudden left onto a nondescript dirt road .
A half - dozen similar roads followed , all generally pulling us west .
Eventually , we pulled up next to a dock .
" That 's the St. John's , " Jim said , launching the boat and tethering it to the dock .
Five minutes later , we were headed south down the river .
" We 're almost there , " Jim finally said , after an hour of silence .
He 'd stayed quiet most of the trip , sucking on his cigarettes and listening to Rush Limbaugh on a boom box .
I nodded .
I sat in silence another 20 minutes , growing increasingly nervous about this expedition with a stranger .
You meet strange people in this business , but they 're usually harmless in the long run .
I was wondering whether Jim here would be the exception to that rule .
It was hot , in the upper 80s , and humid .
I was sweating in my collared shirt and jeans .
Jim seemed perfectly at home , though his boat was anything but comfortable .
It was a mess of discarded beer bottles and cigarette butts .
The bottom was sticky with old fish guts .
The seats were torn , as was the canopy over the driver 's side , so there was no escape from the heat .
Suddenly , Jim steered the boat toward a small wooden dock buried in shrubs .
If you did n't know it was there , you would certainly miss it .
There was one smaller boat already docked .
" We 're a bit early , " Jim said .
" Early for what ? "
It was past 2 p.m .
I followed Jim east into the woods -- the St. John 's River divides Seminole and Volusia counties here -- and after five minutes , I 'd lost track of my directions .
There was no way I could find my way back to the boat on my own .
Sometimes we were on a narrow trail , sometimes we were n't .
We finally entered a small clearing , occupied by the aforementioned ramshackle building .
A derelict refrigerator was tossed out front , the door taken off its hinges .
Safety first , even out here .
Jim smiled , the first time all day .
" Mr. Billman , you 're about to eat at Doug's . "
" Who 's Doug ? "
" You 'll see . "
Jim knocked .
The door opened a crack .
I caught a glimpse of a white T - shirt and a stained apron .
" Who 's your buddy ? " the guy inside asked .
" Mr. Billman , from the Weekly .
I told you I was bringing him out . "
" You 're early . "
He opened the door .
Jim stepped inside and I followed .
The smell of greasy , frying meat hung in the air .
The place was lit only by three bare light bulbs swinging from the ceiling by extension cords .
It took a minute for my eyes to adjust to the gloom .
Only then did I make out what appeared to me a makeshift diner , complete with barstools at the counter , and four card tables covered in plastic red-and - white checkered tablecloths .
The man at the door motioned to us to sit down at the counter .
Jim called him " Bub . "
Bub was fat , balding , bearded and greasy .
His shoulders were hairy .
He worked diligently at the stove , poking a fork into a slab of pinkish meat frying on a propane - fired stove .
" How you want yours ? " he asked me .
" I do n't .
I 'm a vegetarian .
What is it ? "
Bub eyed me skeptically .
" A vegetarian ?
What in the hell for ?
If God did n't want us to eat meat , he would n't have made it so damn tasty . "
He chuckled .
I shrugged .
It was n't the time or place to get into the philosophy of vegetarianism .
I was a bit annoyed .
" What does this have to do with my story ? " I asked Jim .
He cracked open another Natural Light , smiled , and looked at Bub , who was smiling back .
" You want to tell him ? " Jim asked Bub .
" Tell me what ? "
Jim and Bub watched each other , smirking .
Ultimately , Bub could n't keep quiet anymore .
" Mr. Billman , you 're about to tear into a 100 - percent , grade - A , free - range , Florida - raised dugong steak . "
" Dugong ? " I asked .
" Manatee . "
Deliciously illegal
Actually , it was n't dugong on the stove .
The dugong is a different species than the endangered , West Indian manatee -- which is what 's apparently for dinner .
Both species are members of the sirenian family .
But neither Bub nor Jim seemed the type to be hung up on scientific technicalities .
And thinking they 're eating dugong allows them to call this place " Dougs ' . "
Very clever .
And very illegal .
Manatees are protected by both state and federal laws .
The Marine Mammal Act of 1972 , the Endangered Species Act of 1973 and the Florida Manatee Sanctuary Act of 1978 all make harassing , hunting or killing any marine mammal , including the manatee , punishable by a fine of up to $ 50,000 and one year in prison .
State law calls for a fine up to $ 500 and 60 months in jail .
The law says you can't chase , feed , disturb , ride or poke a manatee .
You can't separate one from its mother , either .
And of course , you can't kill and eat them .
If federal and state authorities ever busted this group , the members of Central Florida 's most clandestine supper club would find themselves behind bars for a long time .
There are just over 3,000 manatees in Florida today , a number that appears to be growing , albeit slowly .
Researchers , however , do n't know how many manatees would be in Florida 's waters today without man 's interference .
And they do n't know how large the sea-cow population would have to become for a genetically viable population .
Thirty minutes later , with my medium - rare manatee steak still untouched before me -- I was hungry , so I nibbled on the fries -- there was a knock on the trailer door .
Two guys entered and shook my hand without any formal introduction .
Bub promptly delivered up two more steaks , with fries on the side , for the newcomers .
Within five minutes , there were three more .
Then another three .
Then another two .
The crowd was all white , all male , all in their late 30s or early 40s .
None of them would look out of place at a NASCAR race .
By 3 p.m. , there were 13 people inside Dougs , 12 of whom put down at least one steak each .
Two more coolers full of canned beer and ice appeared with the crowd .
" I wanted you to meet everyone , " Jim said , finishing off the last bite of his steak .
" You all realize how illegal this is ? " I asked .
Stupid question .
If they did n't they would n't be meeting here .
I wondered aloud if they really wanted me to write about this place .
Bub took off his apron and came out from behind the counter to lay it out for me .
I did n't take notes on everything he said , so I 'll have to paraphrase here a bit .
Manatee has been a staple in Bub 's family since they arrived in Florida in 1883 , 14 years before the state enacted its first law protecting manatees .
But that did n't stop people from eating them , said Bub .
Especially in a tough winter when other game was scarce .
Manatees would swim right up to you , they were a good source of protein , and what are you going to do , starve ?
You could even find them on restaurant menus until the 1960s , if you knew where to look , he says .
But Florida got serious about protecting them in 1967 , and that was that .
Bub 's dad , Enis , and his friends took their tradition underground .
One full - grown manatee can feed three families for two weeks , Bub continued .
They weigh some 1,200 pounds and have seven cuts of meat , from the flipper ( good ground into meatballs or burgers ) to the tail , which is excellent for stewing .
" It 's a delicious animal Mr. Billman , " he said , looking at my untouched plate .
" You really should have a bite . "
I was tempted .
My animal - rights half was outraged , but I had to respect the club 's ballsy defiance of the law .
And frankly , the meat did n't look that bad ; fork tender but not fatty , just a touch of gristle .
I took a poll -- it does n't taste like chicken .
Some club members likened it to tuna , others said it was closer to buffalo .
One said it was like pork , with a hint of seafood .
One guy asked if I 'd ever had possum .
When I said no , he told me the two were virtually indistinguishable .
Enis and a group of five friends pooled their money and bought 24 acres of land .
They built the shack in the 1970s .
There 's no development for three miles either side , so Doug 's is pretty well left alone .
( The Polaroid that accompanies this story was taken by Bub six months ago .
The refrigerator is still there . )
The club is kept small .
Each member pays $ 300 a year to cover expenses .
Bub compares it to a cockfighting club -- it 's fun if you know everyone involved , he says .
That , and there 's only so many manatees you can catch and kill before someone notices ; the more members you have , the more you have to feed .
Guests are allowed , but rare .
The only way in is if someone will vouch for you .
Manatees are harder to catch than you might think , says Bub .
His father passed down the good hunting spots , all the way from South Florida up the coast and even , if they 're in the mood for a drive , near the Gulf of Mexico .
Bub does most of the hunting , with help from a couple other club members .
They go out early in the morning , usually in the winter .
They chum the water with store - bought cabbage and just wait for one to surface near the boat to nibble .
Bub zaps them with a cattle prod , which knocks them out long enough for someone else to tie a rope around its tail .
They kill it with a bolt gun , the same kind of mechanism used to slaughter cattle .
Then they drag the carcass to a safe spot and load it in the boat , which then goes on a trailer .
They trailer the boat to Bub 's property ( " somewhere in Volusia " is all he would tell me ) , where it 's gutted , skinned and butchered .
He 's got a large freezer in his garage for the resulting cuts .
They kill between 12 and 15 manatees each year , and the large sea cow provides weekly feasts for club members and plenty of leftovers to take home to the families .
When the season is done , club members freeze any meat they may have left over .
I 'm at one of the last feasts of the season .
They caught the sea cow that 's on my plate three weeks ago .
Bub wo n't tell me exactly where .
" I wish we could do this year round , " Bub says , forking a piece of manatee steak .
Just like the buffalo
But why was I here ?
" We want you to write about something , " Bub said .
He paused for a second , gathering his thoughts .
" Y' know , these tree - huggers and manatee - humpers " -- he snickers at his little joke -- " are really missing the point .
The easiest way to preserve the manatee is to let us eat them . "
" You just lost me , " I told him .
" You 're not seeing the big picture .
It works like this :
If we could farm manatees -- ya'know , catch moms and pops and let them mate , then breed their kids , the population would get bigger , right ? "
" In captivity , you mean ? "
" Yep .
You farm them in warm - water springs -- they migrate down here in winter to avoid the cold .
And once they build up , people can eat manatees , just like God intended .
Anyway , there will be more manatees than there are now too , so everybody wins .
It 's exactly like buffalo . "
But who would want to eat a manatee ?
More people than you think -- at least if you believe Bub .
" We want to start a petition to repeal those manatee laws and let us set up farms , " he said .
" We 've already got one legislator on board .
He says if we get 10,000 signatures , he 'll bring it up next year .
We 've got 5,000 already . "
He handed me a manila envelope .
Inside were 10 photocopied pages of signatures -- 20 to a page -- below a statement reading : " We the people of Florida believe the government has infringed on our private property rights to protect the manatee .
We believe state restrictions on boats and manatees as a natural resource should be repealed immediately , and that the state of Florida should use its resources to convince federal authorities that protections on manatees are overzealous and need to be repealed . "
I noted that the word " hunting " does n't appear anywhere in the petition .
" Politics , " Bub said .
" We got to play that part down a touch . "
( Later , at my office , I called 50 of the phone numbers .
As best I could tell , at least 38 of them were legit . )
" Who 's the legislator ? " I asked .
" David Mowbry . "
Mowbry is a name I had n't heard of .
It turns out he's an ex-legislator who served six years in the state House in the 1970s before retiring in Chumuckla , in Santa Rosa County , where he served on the town council for 12 years .
He 's a first - rate Bible thumper -- a Pentecostal -- who routinely cited scripture on the House floor and claimed to have the " gift of tongues . "
He 's anti-abortion , pro-guns , wants prayer in school and thinks taxes are unconstitutional .
Today , at 73 , Mowbry is still a lobbyist with some clout , which makes him a useful ally for people like Bub .
" I do n't think it 's a half - bad idea , " Mowbry said when I finally tracked him down by phone a week later .
" Look , we can't go on like it is now .
These radical environmentalists want us to give up our boating so these sea cows do n't get hurt .
The do n't want boaters to be able to use their own waterways , their own private property .
They 're killing the boating industry and costing Florida thousands of jobs .
I do n't know if I 'd want to eat a manatee , but I do n't think it 's the government 's place to say you can 't . "
Mowbry has n't yet pitched the idea to Johnnie Byrd -- whom he describes as being " too bogged down in that whole budget mess to take up something like this right now " -- but he thinks the free - market - loving House speaker will warm to it in time .
Mowbry also thinks the time is right in the statehouse for a move like this .
" Jeb Bush is an honest , courageous man , " he told me .
" He sees things that other politicians do n't .
I think he can get this done , especially when he wo n't have to face liberal South Florida at the polls again . "
( Bush 's office did n't return phone calls seeking comment . )
Repealing the federal laws will be tougher , Mowbry admits .
" But we also got a Bush in the White House . "
Three hours after I got there , Jim said it was time to leave .
Bub apparently liked me .
He handed me the club 's cardboard sign from the front door and slapped me on the back as I walked out .
" Take it , " he said .
" We can make another . "
Eat the evidence
I got home about 8 p.m. that night , sunburned , bone - weary , reeking of smoke and cheap beer , and mentally fatigued .
Still , the day had been so unusual , so almost unbelievable , that I stayed up all night transcribing my notes and writing what would become the first draft of this article .
There 's an implicit deal , I realize : I get a fantastic story , the hunt club gets a chance to air its views .
It 's a deal I 'll gladly take .
A few kooks may rally to the flag , but it 's not like manatee munching will become mainstream .
Or will it ?
The 1994 " Republican Revolution " was built on the concept that government had gone too far invading people 's privacy rights for the collective good .
The tide is once again flowing in that direction , and the members of Doug 's are no doubt hoping they will be swept along with it .
I spent the next week phoning manatee - protection groups and state wildlife officials :
None had heard of Doug's , of course , though ( mostly discounted ) rumors of manatee poachers are common .
Said one wildlife official who asked not to be named : " You hear these things from time to time , but there 's never any proof .
I mean , it would n't surprise me at all that people were poaching manatee , but there 's not much we can do about it unless we catch them in the act . "
Bub and his crew are pretty good at covering their tracks .
Researchers keep tabs on manatee populations through a variety of means , including aerial surveys and satellite tracking ( the sea cows are " tagged " and their movements are tracked via GPS ) .
If one of Bub 's guys stuns a tagged sea cow , they let it go .
No harm , no foul .
The latest aerial survey , conducted in January , showed the manatee population at 3,113 ; other studies show the manatee population is rising in areas where boating restrictions have been put in place .
Manatee deaths are tabulated by found carcasses .
But the hunters have that covered too .
They do n't leave any remains .
According to the Save the Manatee Club , there were 4,672 mortalities in Florida from 1974 to 2002 .
Of these , more than 1,100 came from boating accidents ; 174 came from flood gates or canal locks ; 125 were " human related , " meaning they were caused by poachers , fishing lines and hooks , litter , etc. ; 197 were calves who died shortly after birth ; 191 died of cold stress ; 625 died of natural causes .
The causes of death for an additional 1,426 carcasses could not be determined due to decomposition .
But as the wildlife official points out , the state has no ironclad way of tracking every manatee .
If there 's no evidence of death , there 's no way to know a manatee has been poached .
" And if they eat the evidence , well , shit , then we 've got nothing , " he says .
Jim , no last name , called me a week after our encounter , in part to wonder when the story was running and in part to reassure himself that I would n't divulge any confidence he imparted .
I had n't .
He asked me if I thought the petition had any chance of passing .
" Honestly , no , " I replied .
It 's a pretty conservative legislature , I told him , but promoting a kill - the - manatees bill would go over like offering amnesty to Osama bin Laden .
" It 's political suicide , " I said .
" And besides , even if the Legislature went with it , federal law still makes hunting illegal . "
Jim replies , " If more people actually tasted manatee and realized how good it is , and if more people realized how bad these boating laws are , they would be on our side .
If there 's a debate , I think we 'll win in the long run . "
He laughs .
" Until then , there 's always Doug's . "
I ask Jim if he worries what people will think of him .
" Y'know , Mr. Billman , I 'm not real sure .
I really do n't understand this whole mentality , y'know .
Everyone thinks these manatees are so cute and so we should n't eat them .
But I think cows are kinda cute too , and I eat them all the time , but I never worry about going to jail for it .
And manatee 's a lot tastier . "
My talk for JavaOne 2009
Abstract :
Writing concurrent programs in the Java programming language is hard , and writing correct concurrent programs is even harder .
What should be noted is that the main problem is not concurrency itself but the use of mutable shared state .
Reasoning about concurrent updates to , and guarding of , mutable shared state is extremely difficult .
It imposes problems such as dealing with race conditions , deadlocks , live locks , thread starvation , and the like .
It might come as a surprise to some people , but there are alternatives to so - called shared - state concurrency ( which has been adopted by C , C++ , and the Java programming language and become the default industry - standard way of dealing with concurrency problems ) .
This session discusses the importance of immutability and explores alternative paradigms such as dataflow concurrency , message - passing concurrency , and software transactional memory .
It includes a pragmatic discussion of the drawbacks and benefits of each paradigm and , through hands - on examples , shows you how each one , in its own way , can raise the abstraction level and give you a model that is much easier to reason about and use .
The presentation also shows you how , by choosing the right abstractions and technologies , you can make hard concurrency problems close to trivial .
All discussions are driven by examples using state - of - the - art implementations available for the JVM machine .
Nazis organised by the police in vigilante groups in Agios Panteleimonas attacked one of the oldest anarchist squats , Villa Amalias , 20 minutes after meeting with the Minister of Public Order .
On Thursday 9/7 the second mass protest march in a week took to the streets of Athens against State sponsored racism and police collaboration with fascist groups in the area of Agios Panteleimonas .
The march which was organised by the left and numbered 5,000 protesters took to the Parliament .
Before the march protesters attacked a group of fascist parastate elements who have been trying to expand the apartheid imposed in Agios Panteleimonas to the near by Attiki square .
After the successful ambush against the nazis , the Minister of Public Order , Mr Markoyannakis , infamous for his involvement in the huge Seimens scandal and for his pro-nazi views , visited Attiki square and then Agios Panteleimonas to hold common meeting with the fascist vigilante committee , led by Mr Pipikios , an officer of the Army renowned for his junta nostalgia and love for armed blackshirt formations .
20 minutes after the meeting of the State and parastate scum , a group of nazis left Agios Panteleimonas and attacked Villa Amalias , the 19 year old anarchist squat , with molotov cocktails and projectiles .
Fascists had managed to set fire to the squat last year leading to extended damage to the historic building .
This time the fascist attack was successfully repelled with fascists running for their lives behind police lines which came to their help .
The new incident of police - nazi cooperation brings the counterinsurgency strategy of the State into new perspective .
It is the first time since the junta that a Minister meets with fascist combat groups .
The policy of open State support of such murderous elements was commonplace even before the junta , under the government of K. Karamanlis ( uncle of today 's PM ) who actively supported EKOF , a prastate group designed to break up protest marches and terrorise the left .
Mr Markoyannakis first entered public office as a public persecutor of the colonels ' junta .
The bourgeois media have imposed an information black - out on the incident .
ALSO INSIDE YOUR TOAD :
ex -planet Pluto seeks therapy for low self - esteem issues
Saturns rings composed entirely of lost airline baggage
Universe ' banana - shaped ' declares leading banana scientists
MUSIC NEWS - Since January 2004 , Levon
Helm can be found on most Saturday nights at his home studio in Woodstock , NY hosting evenings of music at the " barn " , his home studio .
These amazing nights are called The Midnight Ramble Sessions , and on September 17 , 2008 , Helm took the Midnight Ramble on the road to one of America 's most treasured music venues , Nashville 's historic Ryman Auditorium , where -- accompanied by such music luminaries as Buddy Miller , John Hiatt , Sheryl Crow and Sam Bush -- the Levon Helm Band gave birth to a night of stage magic .
Captured in high def , LEVON HELM - RAMBLE AT THE RYMAN is part of special programming airing on PBS TV in August 2009 ( check local listings ) .
The performance is a tour through the American songbook , featuring music from Helm 's time as part of The Band , as well as songs from his 2008 Grammy winning Dirt Farmer and classics from artists such as Chuck Berry , the Carter Family and more .
The concert , LEVON HELM - RAMBLE AT THE RYMAN ( song list below ) came on the heels of Dirt Farmer 's debut .
After Helm overcame seemingly insurmountable odds ,
Helm released the album , his first solo recording in 25 years , and won the Grammy for Best Traditional Folk Album .
And now , Levon Helm recently released his new album Electric Dirt ( on Dirt Farmer Music / Vanguard ) .
The new album has been widely hailed by critics and fans alike , order a copy thru MNN , below .
Check out a preview of RAMBLE AT THE RYMAN with John Hiatt joining in on The Weight -
It ’s hard to read signs when you ’re a generic action character full of reckless endangerment in a scene that has been done over and over again in many films .
- Ray
Would n't it be great if instead of you calling a company 's customer service number and waiting on hold listening to bad music for an eternity they would just call you ?
Now before you answer , let me make the deal a bit sweeter .
What if they not only called you , they called you at a time of your choosing ?
Oh yes , one more thing , when they call you tell them you forgot you were having dinner with friends so could they call you back tomorrow at a different time ?
How would that be ?
How would you feel about that company ?
Would you be surprised and delighted even though technically you were upset about something -- remember you are calling customer service ?
Oh how I wish all companies would handle service like this ... but for now , I 'm just happy that one did -- Vonage .
It all started because I have DSL and could n't figure out how to get my Vonage box in front of my router .
Because it was behind the router and the firewall I was having quality problems .
My wife had finally had enough and marching orders were given .
So I did what I do .
I looked up Vonage on Twitter , found Vonage_Voice and I tweeted my problem and asked for thoughts .
So I DM'd my info and got a DM back saying someone would call me after 6 p Central .
And they did but I forgot I was going to dinner so when they called I asked if they could call back tomorrow around 7 p Central .
No problem I was told .
But then my phone rang around 2 p that next day .
It was Vonage .
I thought to myself , " Great I can't deal with this now . "
But all was well , it was just Customer Service confirming our 7 pm call .
Wow !
I confirmed and sure enough , 7 p rolls around and I get a call from Customer Service .
The issue proves difficult to fix but after some time we finally get everything working and I go on vacation .
Then yesterday they call again .
It 's a Customer Service rep assigned to my case and he 's wanting to make sure all is still working and I 'm not still having issues .
I tell him I 've been on vacation and have n't really had a chance to use the phone much .
So he gives me his full name and direct extension to call should I have any issues .
Did you get that ?
He gave me his FULL NAME and DIRECT EXTENSION .
Double Wow !!
And finally I get an email with my case # which states the case has been closed but if the issue pops up again , just call back and use the case number to reactivate the issue ticket .
All of this to say , hey companies , this is how customer service should be done .
If you sell a person something and it does n't work as promised , do n't penalize them for calling you .
Build your customer service around the realities of their lives .
Use the technology that God gave you ( or maybe that should be Gore - hehehe ) to give them communication channels other than 1 -800 ...
Remember Customer Service is a marketing campaign - do n't ever forget that .
Ok ?
Is n't it always the same with these homophobes ?
They say that their words are taken out of context when they are criticized for their remarks .
WjacTV has the news :
Abby : Marty , Sen .
Eichelberger tells me his radio debate over same sex marriage was taken out of context and he adds that the group that 's demanding an apology is making it difficult for people on both sides of the issue to have a proper discussion .
Host :
But are you saying Sen .
Eichelberger that by their very nature , homosexual relationships are dysfunctional ?
Eichelberger
Um , yes , I guess I would say that .
Nice try with the out - of - context canard .
PA 's ( R ) John Eichelberger really has people mad over his radio debate and rightly so .
( h/t Ben )
Sen.John Eichelberger , R - Pa. , is making headlines after a gay rights advocacy group claims he made some controversial comments .
The Keystone Progress claims Eichelberger called same - sex couples " dysfunctional " and " we 're allowing them to exist .
" Eichelberger debated Sen. Daylin Leach , D - Pa. , on WHYY radio Friday .
Both senators have dueling bills on same - sex marriage in the State Legislature .
Leach wants to amend the Pennsylvania ban on same sex marriage to give same sex couples full and equal rights .
Eichelberger says his bill will define marriage between a man and a woman .
" There 's no reason to encourage that kind of behavior in Pennsylvania , " Eichelberger said .
" That 's my whole point .
We do n't have any reason to change the way we do business here .
There is no evidence that this will be good for our society . " ... read on
He plays the " destruction of society " card .
They never tell you how gay marriage will destroy society though , do they ?
2 political junkies writes :
Manny Ramirez was back in the Los Angeles Dodgers ' lineup on July 3 after a 50 - game suspension for being a drug cheat .
On Wednesday night , he hit his fifth home run since his return .
He is now at 538 for his career and has surpassed Mickey Mantle for No. 15 on the all - time home run list .
" To see his name above Mantle 's on the list ... that 's a shame , " Harmon Killebrew said .
Killebrew was No. 5 on the all - time list , one behind Frank Robinson , when he retired with 573 home runs after the 1975 season .
He held that position for 26 years , before being passed in this decade by Mark McGwire , Barry Bonds , Sammy Sosa and Ken Griffey Jr. Alex Rodriguez hit No. 572 on Sunday and soon will drop Killebrew to 10th in career home runs .
Or , as a reporter asked this week at the start of a phone conversation , " Does it bother you that another steroid / drug cheat is ready to go past you on the all - time list ? "
Harmon paused and said : " I think it would bother anybody , but what can you do ?
Nobody is really doing anything to address what steroids did to the game , what it did to the game 's records .
" As far as I 'm concerned , Hank Aaron is the all - time home run champ , and Roger Maris should still have the [ single - season ] record at 61 , but Barry Bonds is the name you see in the record book . "
The great slugger of the Twins paused again and said : " You wonder if it 's worth it to have a record book ? "
Throw in A - Rod and there 's one player among the five that have pushed Killebrew down the list not tied to steroids : Griffey Jr .
" I like to hope that Junior was not among them , " Harmon said .
" I feel like he 's not .
And Jim Thome ... I hope he 's not .
But how can you know ?
" That 's why I say , ' Throw the names out there . '
I would think the players who were clean should be telling the union to make the list public . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Members of a Somerset - based cheesemakers group hoping to make the first space flight by a piece of Cheddar say they have lost track of it .
At 0400 BST a weather balloon was launched 18.6 miles ( 30 km ) into the upper atmosphere , carrying a capsule containing a 300g wedge of Cheddar .
But the organisers ' GPS tracking system has stopped working and now they need help to find the cheese once it lands .
They say it could land anywhere between Pewsey in Wiltshire and Hertfordshire .
Cheese pride
Dom Lane , of Shepton Mallet 's West Country Farmhouse Cheesemakers group , told BBC Wiltshire : " We 've been tracking the trajectory and the current prediction is that it could land anywhere from here in Wiltshire to Hemel Hempstead .
" The GPS is n't coming through on the web so we might need listeners ' help to find it because we 're not sure where it is at the moment . "
It was expected that the balloon would burst at the edge of space , leaving the capsule to float back to the ground on a parachute .
The bizarre mission is to mark the 40th anniversary of the Moon landings .
In 2007 the group used a webcam to allow internet users to watch a traditional round of Cheddar mature live on the web over the course of a year .
TimToady but the fact is , Perl 5 is basically in a no-win
situation long term , which we first recognized in
2000
PerlJam TimToady : now you 're alienating all the staunch perl
5 supporters :)
TimToady I 'm only alienating them " long term "
KyleHa
If loving Perl 5 is wrong , I do n't want to be right .
8-)
PerlJam Someone mentioned ( probably on use. perl somewhere )
that Nicholas tried regular release cycles a while
back .
I 'd like to know if that 's true and if so ,
what became of it .
ruoso I do n't really think the regular releases is the
issue ...
TimToady I love Perl 5 too , but it 's stuck ( culturally , and
maybe technically ) in a legacy trap , and the Perl 6
approach is the only long - term way out of that .
moritz_ ruoso : it 's not about * regular * , but about being
able to release when there 's something to fix
TimToady Perl 5 is a velociraptor , but we need an
acceloraptor now .
" Clearly , we are right to mock Solaris for making claims that
they will never , ever , * ever * change an interface , not even
one that goes back sixteen years to Solaris 2.3 .
But it
does n't follow the opposite point of view , that constant
mutability of kernel interfaces to make sure that things are
always perfect and pure and clean is the right one either . "
Here 's an interesting dialogue from # perl6 yesterday :
There ought to be a corollary to that saying about " Fast , Good and Cheap .
- Pick any two " .
- Something to deal with legacy vs. innovation and revolution vs. evolution .
But I suppose the latter is fundamentally a balance between looking backward while moving forward , the threshold of pain you 're willing to undergo , and how you attempt to minimize it .
I would n't pretend to have the experience or wisdom to find the right balance .
However , it does n't appear to be a new problem .
C++ went through a period of upheaval not too long ago .
There was a nice Dr. Dobb 's article on it back in 1997 .
Well worth reading .
Here 's a Linux kernel developers thread on the same topic of evolution and change .
- A nugget from Theodore Tso :
The Bureaucratic Euphemism of ' Extraordinary Rendition ' ...
Ernest A. Canning Byon 7/14/2009 , 3:54 pm PT
Guest Blogged by Ernest A. Canning
" We pick up a suspect or we arrange for one of our partner countries to do it .
Then the suspect is placed on a civilian transport to a third country where , let ’s make no bones about it , they use torture .
If you want a good interrogation , you send someone to Jordan .
If you want them to be killed , you send them to Egypt or Syria .
Either way , the US can not be blamed as it is not doing the work . "
- Former CIA officer Robert Baer [ PDF ]
In Part I of this now - five part series , I took care to distinguish the post - 9/11 application of torture techniques by the U.S. military from the role played by the CIA and demonstrated how the Bush / Cheney decision to torture predated the quasi-legal Justice Department memos .
In Part II , I covered the CIA 's dark beginnings , including links not only to former Nazi war criminals but to those Americans who provided financial support to Hitler 's Germany , including the late Senator Prescott Bush , George W's paternal grandfather .
I also demonstrated how academic studies , performed as part of the CIA 's maniacal quest to crack the code of human consciousness , culminated in KUBARK , the CIA 's 1963 torture manual .
In Part III , I showed how the KUBARK torture techniques , applied by US - trained foreign surrogates , became an essential component of the covert dimension of a US - led corporate Empire --- a means for exerting control over populations resistant to the injustice of a system that values the obscene wealth of a few over the needs of the many .
I had intended this to be the final chapter of a Four - Part Special Series , but length , complexity and new revelations necessitate further division into Parts IV & V .
Here , I will explore the arrogant application of overseas surrogate torture through " extraordinary rendition . "
The direct application of KUBARK techniques to a " floating population " of " ghost detainees " at CIA black sites will be covered in Part V .
In both segments , I will demonstrate how torture was applied not to protect the American people but to help produce doctored intelligence that would provide cover for imperial conquest .
I will end with the disturbing yet still unresolved questions as to how many victims of the Bush / Cheney torture regime remain amongst " the disappeared ; " how many of those victims are now deceased ...
The CIA and Extraordinary Rendition
" I ’m against extraordinary rendition on a number of grounds , principally because of the immorality of it , the illegality of it , the fact that it does n’t work " - Former CIA Inspector General Frederick Hitz
It is critical , in addressing this subject , that both writer and reader bridge the psychic distance deliberately created by government - supplied , bureaucratic euphemism .
As Chalmers Johnson quoted Stanford University psychologist Alfred Bandura , Ph.D. in his 2006 book Nemesis :
By camouflaging pernicious activities in innocent or sanitizing parlance , the activities lose much of their repugnancy .
Bombing missions are described as " servicing the target , " in the likeness of a public utility .
The attacks become " clean , surgical strikes , " arousing imagery of curative activities .
The civilians whom the bombs kill are linguistically converted to " collateral damage . "
Both “ enhanced interrogation techniques " and “ extraordinary rendition ” are bureaucratic euphemisms designed to create psychic distance between the American people and the horrors of torture .
In Nemesis , Johnson makes the disturbing comparison of extraordinary rendition to Nazi “ ’ transportations ’ meaning the shipping of trainloads of prisoners to death camps … ” ( Johnson would have done well to add Hitler ’s “ final solution , ” the bureaucratic euphemism used to describe the effort to exterminate an entire race ) .
Where bureaucratic euphemism creates psychic distance , Baer ’s observation seeks to create legal distance .
Neither Baer ’s suggestion , quoted at the top of this piece , that “ the US cannot be blamed ” because “ it is not doing the work ” nor past practices in which the US would train surrogates in developing nations to do our dirty work have any more validity than a Mob boss ’s suggestion that he “ cannot be blamed ” for the death of a rival after he hired a hit man to do the killing .
The knowing transfer of a prisoner to another country where they are likely to be tortured violates the 1984 UN Convention Against Torture .
Conspiracy to commit torture is just as unlawful as direct application of torture techniques .
In a Dec. 3 , 2005 Washington Post article , Dana Priest discussed the ordeal of Khalid El - Masri , an innocent German citizen who was handed over to the CIA ’s Rendition Group by Macedonian police .
The Rendition Group consisted of some 1,200 “ case officers , paramilitaries , analysts and psychologists ” who roamed the globe , seeking to kidnap or capture suspected terrorists .
An investigative report [ PDF ] posted by The Guardian on March 19 , 2005 asserts that the Bush regime 's extraordinary renditions began on Oct. 23 , 2001 when Jamil Qasim Saeed Mohammed , a Yemeni microbiologist , was turned over to the CIA by the Pakistani intelligence agency ( ISI ) .
One of the rendition destinations identified in The Guardian report , Uzbekistan , is infamous for its torture practice --- immersion in “ boiling liquid . ”
Priest ’s description of the method of arrest and capture reveals a careful application of KUBARK techniques designed to insure maximum sensory disorientation .
“ Dressed head to toe in black , including masks , they blindfold and cut the clothes off their new captives , then administer an enema and sleeping drugs .
They outfit detainees in a diaper and jumpsuit for what can be a day - long trip .
Their destinations : either a detention facility operated by cooperative countries in the Middle East and Central Asia…or one of the CIA ’s own covert prisons . ”
El - Masri was transported to Afghanistan where he was tortured and held in a dank cell for five months .
On the first night , after being beaten and kicked , he was told : “ You are in a country where no one knows about you ; in a country where there is no law .
If you die , we will bury you and no one will know . ”
After the CIA discovered they had the wrong man , a debate raged as to what to do .
Some argued they should just dump El - Masri back into Macedonia where they found him as no one would believe him .
Another group , which included Condoleeza Rice , George Tenet and Richard Armitage , insisted that the German government be informed .
During the two months U.S. officials debated , El - Masri grew more desperate , going on a hunger strike until being force fed with tubes .
His wife , believing he ’d run off with another woman , left Germany for Lebanon with their two children .
U.S. Ambassador Daniel Coats then approached a German minister friendly to the Bush administration , advising that they would be releasing the erroneously rendered El - Masri and requesting that the German government not disclose this , even if El - Masri were to initiate a legal action against the CIA .
The ordeal ended when the CIA left El - Masri in a remote location in Macedonia , offering no more assistance than to point in the direction he should walk .
In Feb .
2007 German prosecutors issued arrest warrants for 13 CIA officers in relation to El - Masri ’s kidnapping and torture , but later , after the German government was pressured by US diplomats , the German prosecutors abandoned their efforts to extradite the thirteen .
El - Masri was by no means alone amongst the erroneously rendered .
Maher Arar , a Canadian citizen of Syrian decent was guilty of nothing more than ' traveling while Arab ' .
He was arrested while transiting JFK Airport in New York ; then transported to Syria --- prompting Senator Patrick Leahy 's bitter complaint that Arar was rendered to Syria even though “ we knew damn well …he would be tortured . ”
On Nov. 7 , 2003 , Arar described his ordeal to Democracy Now’s Amy Goodman :
ARAR : When I arrived [ in Syria ] ….
I felt at first it was a dream .
I was crying all time .
I was disoriented .
I wished I had something in my hand to kill myself because I knew I was going to be tortured …
They told me you ’ve been to a training camp in Afghanistan .
I said no .
And they started beating me [ with a cable ] .
And I said , well , I had no choice .
I just wanted the beating to stop .
I said , of course , I ’ve been to Afghanistan .
I was ready to confess to anything just to stop the torture .
The beatings stopped after two weeks .
Arar was then kept for ten months in a dark , chilly underground cell having rats for company ; “ no hot water … no toilets . ”
Cats peed into the opening above the cell .
Although Arar was exonerated by a Canadian court and received apologies from the head of Canada ’s national police and from both Democrats and Republicans when he appeared before Congress , Arar ’s federal lawsuit was dismissed based on what a dissenting jurist described as a legal fiction that when he was seized at JFK , Arar had not yet entered the US .
El Masri ’s federal lawsuit was dismissed on the grounds that permitting the case to go forward would expose “ state secrets . ”
There were , of course , those who were by no stretch of the imagination " innocent " when they were subjected to extraordinary rendition --- certainly not Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi , the " emir " of an al Qaeda training camp , who was picked up by Pakistani forces in December 2001 , turned over to US custody at a time when , according to the FBI 's Dan Coleman , the Bush / Cheney administration was " pushing " to find links between Saddam and al Qaeda .
The FBI " lost " al - Libi to the CIA which then transported al - Libi to Egypt .
In an Oct. 6 , 2006 report [ PDF ] , a then Republican - controlled Senate Select Committee on Intelligence described his ordeal :
According to al - Libi , the foreign government service [ redaction ] ‘ stated that the next topic was al - Qa’ida ’s connections with Iraq … .
This was a subject about which he said he knew nothing and had difficulty even coming up with a story . ’
Al - Libi indicated that his interrogators did not like his responses and then ‘ placed him in a small box for approximately 17 hours .
When he was let out of the box , al - Libi ... was given a last opportunity to ‘ tell the truth , ’ When al - Libi did not satisfy the interrogator ... ‘ he was knocked over with an arm thrust across his chest and fell on his back . ’… [ He ] then ‘ was punched for 15 minutes .’...‘ After the beating ’…he came up with a story that three al - Qa’ida members went to Iraq to learn about nuclear weapons .
Al - Libi 's ordeal is quite instructive on some fundamental issues .
First , it provides a perfect example of how extraordinary rendition is a modified form of the CIA 's long - standing use of surrogate torture .
The Egyptians had no direct interest in establishing a link between Saddam Hussein and al Qaeda .
The overwhelming inference is that the Egyptian interrogator was simply repeating questions that came directly from the Bush / Cheney regime .
This inference is supported by Col. Lawrence Wilkerson 's claims that Cheney 's office persisted in seeking to establish an al Qaeda / Saddam link via waterboarding of another individual prior to the al - Libi tortured confession .
Robert Widrom reported he was told by two senior intelligence officers that shortly after the US completed its conquest of Iraq , the Vice President 's office suggested waterboarding the former head of Saddam 's secret police , not to stop a " ticking - timebomb " attack , but in order to establish an al Qaeda / Saddam link .
Charles Duelfer , who was sent to Iraq after the invasion in search of the non-existent WMD , said that this former official was cooperative and that " the questions that were coming to us from outside were about potential links with al Qaeda . "
Second , as Ray McGovern observed , blasting Senator Lindsey Graham 's ( R - SC ) sickening suggestion that torture is useful , torture " works " only where one has no concern for whether a forced confession is true .
Cheney was no more interested in whether al - Libi 's al Qaeda / Saddam links were true than the Japanese Kempetai was concerned with the truth when , as a result of waterboarding , they secured my father 's false confession that he was a British agent .
Cheney knew full well that al - Libi's " confession " was pure BS .
As revealed by the aforementioned Senate Select Committee Report , the Defense Intelligence Agency ( DIA ) rejected al - Libi 's tortured account of a al Qaeda / Iraq connection as early as February 2002 because al - Libi could not furnish " specific details on the Iraqi 's involvement . "
Col .
Wilkerson , who had served as Gen. Colin Powell 's chief of staff at the State Department , claims he and Powell were " duped " prior to Powell 's UN speech ; that the al Qaeda / Iraq links were presented as hard fact ; that they were not informed about the DIA dissents and were not informed about al - Libi or that the so - called " intelligence " was obtained by torture .
The Widrom , Duelfer and Wilkerson accounts expose the lie in Cheney 's May 21 , 2009 claim that the " purpose " of " enhanced interrogation " was the ascertainment of " specific information on terrorist plans . "
Like CIA drug smuggling , the goal of Bush / Cheney torture had nothing to do with protecting the American people and everything to do with erecting cover for the imperial conquest of Iraq --- a goal that resulted in far more American casualties than 9/11 itself .
Third , the timing of al - Libi 's torture adds weight to the argument made in Part I of this series , subsequently bolstered by reports that Alberto Gonzales approved torture in the Spring of 2002 , that the Bush / Cheney regime decided to torture , and then directed the likes of Dept. of Justice Office of Legal Counsel ( OLC ) attorneys Jay S. Bybee and John
Yoo to assemble a legal fig - leaf in the form of the now - infamous torture memos .
The Bush / Cheney regime and the CIA became accomplices to torture the moment they decided to render al - Libi to Egypt , prior to the construction of those reverse - engineered memoranda .
Fourth , notwithstanding Darth Cheney 's Orwellian suggestion that his being brought before the bar of justice would simply amount to a new administration going after the old for " policy differences , " the tactics and techniques he authorized are violative of the Third Geneva Convention Relating to the Treatment of Prisoners of War , which states :
No physical or mental torture , nor any other form of coercion , may be inflicted on prisoners of war to secure from them information of any kind whatever .
Prisoners of war who refuse to answer may not be threatened , insulted or exposed to any unpleasant or disadvantageous treatment of any kind .
As Justice Anthony Kennedy , a G.H.W .
Bush appointee , observed in his concurring opinion in Hamdan :
Article 3 of the Geneva Convention ( III ) , Relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War , Aug. 12 , 1949 … is part of a treaty the United States has ratified and thus accepted as binding law ...
By Act of Congress…violations of Common Article 3 are considered ‘ war crimes , ’ punishable as federal offenses , when committed by or against United States nationals and military personnel .
It is a testament to how far we have strayed from this basic legal principle that the corporate media would broadcast Cheney 's May 21 , 2009 Orwellian defense of torture alongside President Obama 's preceding speech , as if this were a simple debate over national security ; that it would treat the suggestion made by Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) , while holding up a copy of the Constitution , that Cheney appear before Congress and testify , under oath , " about the statements he made that took us into a war , " as simply the dissatisfaction of the Left .
Truth , justice and the rule of law are not the exclusive province of either the Left , the Right or the Center .
They provide the very foundation of a free society .
" But a constitution of government , once changed from freedom , can never be restored , " John Adams wrote to his wife Abigail in a July 7 , 1775 letter .
" Liberty , once lost , is lost forever . "
* * *
By way of epilogue to this chapter , it should be noted that al - Libi was found dead of a reported " suicide " in a jail cell in Libya , where he had been sent by the U.S. , in May of this year .
His death , just days after he was reported to have been in good health by human rights witnesses , came on the heels of renewed efforts to see investigations and / or prosecutions of war crimes following the release of several of the OLC torture memoranda .
The story was barely covered by the corporate mainstream media in the U.S. .
As British reporter and historian Andy Worthington , author of The Guantanamo Files : The Stories of the 759 Detainees in America 's Illegal Prison , told Brad Friedman during a June 23 , 2009 radio interview [ MP3 , appx . 37 mins ] , " the U.S. flag was raised in the embassy in Tripoli for the first time in over thirty years , just a few days after [ al - Libi ] died . "
No public explanation for the unusual episode was given .
" It all seemed a bit convenient , " Worthington observed .
===
Ernest A. Canning has been an active member of the California State Bar since 1977 and has practiced in the fields of civil litigation and workers ' compensation at both the trial and appellate levels .
He graduated cum laude from Southwestern University School of Law where he served as a student director of the clinical studies department and authored the Law Review Article , Executive Privilege : Myths & Realities .
He received an MA in political science at Cal State University Northridge and a BA in political science from UCLA .
He is also a Vietnam vet ( 4th Infantry , Central Highlands 1968 ) .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9RzTQwytnI
Facebook Followers - Why Quality Is More Important Than Quantity as businesses today catch on the relevance of social networks networks to their bottom lines through huge traffic , there is no stopping the business proprietors and also marketing experts in drawing in even more fans as well as followers at their social networks profile web page .
However besides quantity , one more critical consideration in higher sales and also bottom lines is the high quality of fans .
Among the a lot more preferred social networks networks is Facebook which boasts of millions of fans and also fans with a growing database as the days pass .
It is becoming less complicated for businesses to take advantage of Facebook for any type of wanted number of web traffic from the conveniently offered millions on Facebook account .
Nevertheless , the top quality of Facebook fans likewise plays a vital duty in enhancing sales as well as broadening revenues .
High quality vs Quantity Facebook is kept in mind to be a critical advertising system in building any type of business in any kind of market with a fair having fun ground for small to huge business .
Web page followers carry out an important function in the marketing process , yet success does not delegate to the number of fans or followers alone .
A company entity could protect many followers from Facebook 's millions , but what percent could be translated into real sales with customers deciding in to the business data source to be recognized as prospective lead or business possibility .
If this conversion does not happen , the social media sites advertising and marketing project would be taken into consideration a failure with a wild - goose chase , cash as well as effort .
High conversion prices from followers to consumers are longed for by all companies using on the waves of Facebook to obtain not simply quantity in fan dimension but also better of fans .
These must drive towards the business offerings , brand and photo that cause sales and market presence .
Modern business owners as well as online marketers should be actively associated with appealing as well as connecting with a smaller sized follower group that would reciprocate favorably to this business offerings than waste time as well as initiative courting those without interest in the direction of the brand or items .
Visit videoinformationproducer.com /
youtube , google , online marketing , viral traffic , software application , text animations , articles , video blogging , video blog , blogging , video editing , video Digital marketing , marketing trends , digital marketing trends , youtube marketing ,
Useless TRUTH
Saudi Arabia Pretends to End Male Dominance Over Women
Added by Placehold on Jul 17 , 2009 | Visited by 12185 | Voted by 122 persons
Everyone knows that Saudi Arabia has problems in the field of protecting human rights and another proof of the fact is the accusation coming from human rights group that states that Saudi Arabia does not keep its promise to bring to an end the long - lasting tradition of male dominance over women .
Currently the country lives under a system that makes women in Saudi Arabia dependent on men when they want to do a lot of things , like travel , for example .
According to Human Rights
Watch women in the country are not allowed to travel or receive any medical assistance without permission from a male guardian .
In response to the accusations , Saudi authorities mentioned that male guardianship does not represent a requirement of Islam and that they take specific actions towards ending it .
It is worth mentioning that Saudi Arabia is the core of the Muslim world .
The nation prides itself on holding on to what it believes to be the real spirit of Islam and the main feature of this is the role of women in the country .
Both the established code of the Bedouin and those who are considered to be the conservative religious elite of the nation require that women in Saudi Arabia should remain separate from men to whom these women are not related .
A woman 's honor is the one of the key features of the Saudi society and if a woman is found guilty of breaking the rules established by the code , her entire family suffers shame .
In public , all women are more or less veiled .
The code does not allow women to drive and those under 45 should receive permission from male guardian to be able to go traveling .
In addition , if a woman wants to receive education or get employed she should also receive permission from male .
But some women in Saudi Arabia do not feel any pressure and are glad to have such protection ; they do not consider that their rights are violated in any way .
As a matter of fact , a lot of Saudi families feel more relaxed about male guardianship , lowering the control of men on women 's lives , doing it privately .
Nevertheless Human Rights
Watch states that there has been little made to prevent male guardianship .
The organization called on the government of Saudi Arabia to actually bring to an end the practice instead of pretending to do so .
Human Rights
Watch is one of the leading international non-governmental organizations in the world .
It carries out research and encouragement on human rights .
The group is based in New York City , but has offices throughout the world : in Berlin , Brussels , Chicago , Geneva , Johannesburg , London , Los Angeles , Moscow , Paris , San Francisco , Tokyo , Toronto , and Washington D.C .
How To Create Garmin Topo Maps
Author : Dan Blomberg | Last updated January 18th , 2016 at 03:18pm
This tutorial details how to create custom topographic maps that are compatible with Garmin GPS units .
This 9 step tutorial takes you through how to create maps with both expensive , cheap , and free software .
In January of 2016 a major rewrite began .
This rewrite makes it a lot easier , and a lot cheaper to create Garmin maps .
Additionally , the rewrite now focuses on using the open - source / free GIS software called QGIS wherever possible in order to manipulate data with software that does n't cost $ 100s .
The use of QGIS has also gotten rid of many of the times where GPSMapEdit was used .
All sections have been updated with the exception of creating your own contours with QGIS .
That is still a work in progress .
Table Of Contents
How Can You Help
There are a few ways you can help .
First , create maps , then post them here and share your work with the world .
Make your GPS more useful then make other people 's more useful as well .
Second , post in the forums or contact us with advice so we can make this tutorial better .
Third if you can and are willing , donate to keep GPSFileDepot operational ; the link is located at the bottom of this page .
Giving Credit
Thanks to IndyJpr for his knowledge .
Thanks to Jacksan for creating the original mapping tutorial I read ; sadly it is no longer on the internet .
Over time the list has changed but thanks to Rex Coggins and Boyd for their valuable help and improvements .
' Hello , Pot ?
This is Kettle .
You 're Green . '
-- US Hypocrisy Toward Iran By Lori Price , www.legitgov.org
The world 's biggest hypocrite and meddlesome nosy parker , the United States , has outdone itself with its reaction to the post-election events in Iran .
At least five glaring ' grand hypocrisy ' categories have emerged , with more likely on the way .
What other country -- having just endured eight years of dictatorship as the result of two stolen elections -- could actually spew outrage over ... another nation 's ' stolen election ? '
Gag me with a green chainsaw .
Grand hypocrisy # 1 : Obama Presses Iran to Halt ' Violence Against Own People , ' Forgetting US ' Violence Against Own People '
Police Unleash Force On Rally in Tehran -- Obama , in Boldest Terms Yet , Presses Iran to Halt Violence Against Own People ( The Washington Post ) 21 Jun 2009
Fiery chaos broke out in downtown Tehran on Saturday as security forces blocked streets and used tear gas , water cannons and batons to break up a demonstration against the reelection of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Security forces were seen firing warning shots into the air , but there were also unconfirmed reports that several people were hit by gunfire .
President Obama , in his strongest comments to date on a political standoff that has paralyzed Iran for a week , urged the Iranian government " to stop all violent and unjust actions against its own people . "
' Violence and unjust actions against its own people . '
How undemocratic of the government of Iran !
But , looky here !
Use of Force Against RNC Protesters " Disproportionate , " Charges Amnesty International ( Amnesty International , London ) 05 Sep 2008 Amnesty International is concerned by allegations of excessive use of force and mass arrests by police at demonstrations in St. Paul , Minnesota during the Republican National Convention ( RNC ) from September 1 - 4 , 2008 .
The human rights organization is calling on the city and county authorities to ensure that all allegations of ill - treatment and other abuses are impartially investigated , with a review of police tactics and weapons in the policing of demonstrations .
And here !
Democracy Now !
Host and Producers Arrested at Republican Convention ( The Washington Post ) 01 Sep 2008 Democracy Now !
radio host Amy Goodman and two producers were arrested while covering demonstrations at the Republican convention in St. Paul , Minn .
Goodman was released after being held for over three hours , but is still waiting to hear when Sharif Abdel Kouddous and Nicole Salazar would be released ...
" They seriously manhandled me and handcuffed my hands behind my back .
The top ID [ at the convention ] is to get on the floor and the Secret Service ripped that off me .
I had my Democracy Now !
ID too .
I was clearly a reporter . "
Goodman , who was released after being charged with a misdemeanor , said that Salazar had been hurt in the face , while Kouddous had been thrown up against a wall and hurt his elbow .
" Nicole told me that as they moved in on three sides , she asked them ' How do I get away from this ? ' and they jumped on her . "
Both Kouddous and Salazar could be held for up to 36 hours .
" One of the police kept shouting at me ' Shut up , shut up , " she said .
" It was extremely threatening . "
Raytheon ADS – A Pain ray gun to keep us in line ( Newlaunches ) 26 Jun 2008 Controlling an angry mob is not the task of any sane individual ; sometimes it requires raw brute force .
So far the use of tear gas and water canons has eased an awkward riot situation .
There are some laser weapons , also called dazzlers , which are handheld devices that can temporarily blind criminals , while kinetic technologies include bean - bag rounds , water cannons and even sponge grenades filled with powdered irritant chemicals .
According to a report by its Scientific Development Branch a new type of pain ray gun or Active denial system ( ADS ) has been developed which projects microwave - like radiation for distances of more than 500 yards , creating an excruciating and full - body burning sensation in anyone caught in its beam .
The millimeter - wave rays penetrate skin to a depth of about 1/64in but cause no permanent damage , according to Raytheon , the system 's US - based maker .
Prototypes of the weapon , called Silent Guardian , weighed about three tons and were mounted on trucks .
The Scientific Development Branch , based in Sandridge in Hertfordshire , has been looking at a portable version of the ADS being developed by Raytheon for the US National Institute of Justice .
I do n't see the Raytheon pain ray gun tweets - where are they ?
Can you imagine what the Faux News trolls would say if Iran was testing a pain ray gun for use on ' angry mobs ? '
Also , where was Barack Obama 's condemnation of police violence in Minnesota , the wall - to - wall PentaPost coverage , CNN 's insipid ' iReports ' and the millions of green tweets regarding the US crackdown on protesters in the US ?
Grand hypocrisy # 2 : US condemns Iran for disallowing protests
The US media is outraged -- I tell you -- outraged , that Iran is forbidding protests !
Bush : Clap Me Or No EU Speech ( Mirror.co.uk )
March 2003 George Bush pulled out of a speech to the European Parliament when MEPs would n't guarantee a standing ovation .
A source close to negotiations said last night : " President [ sic ]
Bush agreed to a speech but insisted he get a standing ovation like at the State of the Union address .
His people also insisted there were no protests , or heckling . "
Mr Bush 's every appearance in the US is stage - managed , with audiences full of supporters .
Yes , and if you disagree with " stage - management " at Dictator Bush 's appearances , you are herded into a " First Amendment Zone , " and threatened with a felony charge .
See Michael Rectenwald 's account of such an experience : " Neville Island on Labor Day 2002 : First Amendment Behind Bars " 02 Sep 2002 .
Grand hypocrisy # 3 : US loves riots and civil upheaval over stolen elections ... as long as there 's no civil upheavals and riots over * US * stolen elections !
Iran finds US - backed MKO fingermarks in riots ( Press TV ) 21 Jun 2009
The terrorist Mujahedin Khalq Organization ( MKO ) has reportedly played a major role in intensifying the recent wave of street violence in Iran .
Iranian security officials reported Saturday that they have identified and arrested a large number of MKO members who were involved in recent riots in Iran 's capital .
According to the security officials , the arrested members had confessed that they were extensively trained in Iraq 's camp Ashraf to create post-election mayhem in the country .
Qashqavi : VOA , BBC guiding unrest in Iran ( Press TV ) 21 Jun 2009 Iran 's Foreign Ministry Spokesman Hassan Qashqavi pins the blame for the recent post-election turmoil across the country on US and British media outlets .
" Voice of America ( VOA ) and the British Broadcasting Corporation ( BBC ) are state - funded channels and not privately - run .
Their budgets are ratified in the US Congress , as well as the British Parliament .
The two channels serve as mouthpieces of their respective governments , " Qashqavi stated on Saturday .
He noted that the two news outlets seek to stir up ethnic discord across Iran in the hope of fomenting the country 's disintegration .
Suicide bombing leaves 3 injured in Tehran ( Press TV ) 20 Jun 2009
A terrorist bombing attack has targeted the mausoleum of Imam Khomeini in southern Tehran , wounding three pilgrims at the site .
The suicide bomber himself was killed in the blast that rocked the northern entrance of the shrine of the founder of the Islamic Revolution , Imam Khomeini , on Saturday , IRNA reported .
See : US funds terror groups to sow chaos in Iran -- America is secretly funding militant ethnic separatist groups in Iran in an attempt to pile pressure on the government .
25 Feb 2007 CIA officials are understood to be helping opposition militias among the numerous ethnic minority groups clustered in Iran 's border regions .
The operations are controversial because they involve dealing with movements that resort to terrorist methods terrorists in pursuit of their grievances against the Iranian regime .
In the past year there has been a wave of unrest in ethnic minority border areas of Iran , with bombing and assassination campaigns against soldiers and government officials ...
Funding for their separatist causes comes directly from the CIA 's classified budget but is now " no great secret " , according to one former high - ranking CIA official in Washington who spoke anonymously to The Sunday Telegraph .
His claims were backed by Fred Burton , a former US state department counter - terrorism agent , who said : " The latest attacks inside Iran fall in line with US efforts to supply and train Iran 's ethnic minorities to destabilise the Iranian regime . "
If Iran ' dealt with movements that resorted to terrorist methods ' against the US , the US would have declared war on Iran in what , five pico - seconds ?
And , LieberBush / Boner ( Boehner ) would be yelping for Obama 's impeachment because five pico- seconds would not be quick enough .
Grand hypocrisy # 4 : A paucity of US media coverage of protests in other countries
Iraqi Oil Minister accused of mother of all sell - outs -- To public fury , the country is handing over control of its fields to foreign companies ( Independent.co.uk ) 18 Jun 2009 Furious protests threaten to undermine the Iraqi government 's controversial plan to give international oil companies a stake in its giant oilfields in a desperate effort to raise declining oil production and revenues .
In less than two weeks , on 29 and 30 June , the Iraqi Oil Minister , Hussain Shahristani , will award service contracts to the world 's largest oil companies to develop six of Iraq 's largest oil - producing fields over 20 to 25 years ...
Iraqis are wary of the involvement of foreign oil companies in raising production in super giant fields like Kirkuk and Bai Hassan in the north and Rumaila , Zubair and West Qurna in the south .
They suspect the 2003 US invasion was ultimately aimed at securing Western control of their oil wealth .
The nationalisation of the Iraqi oil industry by Saddam Hussein in 1972 remains popular and the rebellion against the service contracts has been gathering pace all this week .
Tribesmen protest US drone attacks ( Press TV ) 19 Jun 2009 Hundreds of local tribesmen in Pakistan 's South Waziristan Agency are protesting US drone attacks on their areas .
Soon after the Friday prayers , the tribesmen and elders of the Waziristan tribes staged a large protest rally in Wana city , the main town of South Waziristan Agency and marched in strong condemnation of the unmanned aircraft attacks , terming it an assault on Pakistan 's sovereignty , a Press TV correspondent reported late on Friday .
Notice that the US media does not cover such protests -- only dissent in Iran .
Grand hypocrisy # 5 : The condemnation of Iran for its ' stolen election . '
Oh , my God .
Election watchdog to recount 10 % of votes ( Press TV ) 20 Jun 2009 Iran 's Guardian Council says it is ready to recount a random 10 percent of the ballot boxes in the last Friday 's presidential election .
" Although the Guardian Council is not legally obliged ... we are ready to recount 10 percent of the ( ballot ) boxes randomly in the presence of representatives of the candidates , " the electoral watchdog 's spokesman , Abbas - Ali Kadkhodayi said on Saturday .
But yet :
In the US , a recount was stopped by the Supreme Court so that they could give the presidency to George W. Bush .
The US media was -- and has been -- silent in reporting the 2000 and 2004 GOP coup d'etats .
At CLG , we have not been silent .
Sarkozy says Iran election a ' fraud ' ( Press TV ) 17 Jun 2009
As the landslide victory of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in Iran 's disputed election provoked unrest , French President Nicolas Sarkozy denounces the result of Friday 's vote as a " fraud . "
" The extent of the fraud is proportional to the violent reaction , " Sarkozy said Tuesday .
" It is a tragedy , but it is not negative to have a real - opinion movement that tries to break its chains . "
And , where was Sarkozy when Bush bin Laden stole * two * presidential ' elections ' in the US ?
Oh , that 's right .
Sarkozy -- and 99 % of the US media -- were burrowing as deep as possible up Bush 's butt .
The double standard by and for the US corporate - run media is unbearable and intolerable .
Incidentally , Iran is serving as a Weapon of Mass Distraction for this nugget :
Poll : 72 percent want government - administered insurance plan to compete with private sector -- 85 percent want major healthcare reforms ( Reuters ) 20 Jun 2009 Americans strongly support fundamental changes to the healthcare system and a move to create a government - run insurance plan to compete with private insurers , according to a New York Times / CBS News poll published on Saturday .
The Times / CBS poll found seventy - two percent of those questioned said they backed a government - administered insurance plan similar to Medicare for those under 65 that would compete for customers with the private sector .
And this :
Senate Approves War Funding Bill After Obama Presses Democrats -- At Obama 's behest , the bill includes $ 7.7 billion to prepare for pandemic flu .
-- Congress to give Mexico an additional $ 420 million this year to buy helicopters , surveillance aircraft and computers for police ( The Washington Post ) 19 Jun 2009 A war funding bill passed the Senate overwhelmingly yesterday , but the 91 to 5 vote came after a fractured process that included objections from Republicans and Democrats alike , and required President Obama to intervene repeatedly to lobby members of his own party for his foreign policy ' vision . '
The final version of the $ 105.9 billion bill provides funding for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan through Sept. 30 .
Yes , due to the US media 's obsession with the internal strife in Iran , we 're not talking about health care any more .
Health care , the still - tanked economy , the CIA - suppressed torture documents and detainee ( prisoner ) abuse ( torture ) photos , or the $ 106 billion we just forked over to fund Obusha 's wars in Iraq and Afghanistan for another few months .
Now * that 's* mission accomplished .
*****
To receive breaking news alerts from us , click here or the icon below .
Email this page to a friend .
Permanent URL for this page : http://www.legitgov.org/price_us_hypocrisy_iran_210609.html
Oh , 2006 .
Long lost 2006 .
The Golden Age of MySpace .
Remember MySpace ?
That social networking site you logged into obsessively before the advent of Facebook and after Friendster 's demise ?
Where Microsoft Paint made a fourth - quarter comeback in the image editing ( and annotating ) arena ?
Where bloody - souled emo ingrates and their bathroom mirror reflection shots laid the foundation for the hipster indifference movement ?
Where choosing a perfect page background was the biggest decision you made all day ?
Where you de-friended those who did n't put you in their Top 8 ?
Where the heinous added glittering , seizure - inducing Flash graphics such as " 2 Hot 2 Handle ! " and " I 'm Not a Bitch , I Just Know What I Like " ?
Where , when berating a photo for having " the angles , " everyone knew you were n't talking about geometry ?
Where you received at least five bulletin posts daily claiming you 'd sprout snakes from your bellybutton if you did n't repost them ?
Where the English language officially went to hell , with wall posts such as , " sOoOoOo fUk uRseLF LOL i LuV u NE wAyZ bEoTcH !!! " ?
Ah yes .
Now you remember MySpace .
Well , if you had n't noticed , it ai n't 2006 no more ( you can toss that free Lillian Vernon calendar now ) .
And like all things older than a second on the Internet , MySpace 's shit got stale .
Editing HTML in a 10x10 pixel box became irritating , the ad space creep mimicked the behavior of the main characters in Arachnophobia , and the emo kids went to college to get their black hearts trampled upon , instead of listening to Dashboard Confessional whine about it .
As popular demand shrunk to the size of your high school beau 's appendage , MySpace slashed 30 % of its U.S. staff , then pulled the rug out from under 2/3 of its international entourage .
Ouchies .
But these workforce reductions did n't apply to Tom Anderson , MySpace co-founder and everybody 's BFF .
Kinda .
While MySpace CEO Chris DeWolfe got the firing squad , your default friend Tom only got a knife to the back .
Sorta .
As long as you do n't deem being told to never show your face at the office again the Stab Heard ' Round the World , that is .
To the tune of $ 500,000 for the next two years , mind you .
Ultimately , it must be a heartbreaking loss , considering he and DeWolfe sold their souls to News Corp devil Rupert Murdoch for a pretty penny only four years ago .
And it 's probably a jagged little pill to swallow , seeing that the MySpace siren is pretty much a - singin ' her death song right about now .
It 's sad , really .
Tom , once a maven of the social networking sphere , now merely a techie scorned !
It 's so difficult to imagine how Tom will support his plain white t- shirt , burrito , and Fritos addictions and still make ends meet on such a paltry salary .
Brings a tear to the eye .
Maybe even two tears .
And a sniffle .
Tom 's position is n't enviable , that 's for sure .
His placement in an elite , three - letter name class - like Eve , Ken , ALF , God - makes him destined for greatness fraught with struggle .
Somehow , some way , Tom , the newly crowned ambassador to the Beginning of the End , will venture forward with Godspeed .
Until the only path to follow is the one leading back to Facebook .
Oh no her butt is big now
[ Patreon ] [ Taptastic ] [ E - Junkie ] [ Gumroad ] [ itchio ]
James Dobson praised Miss California USA Carrie Prejean for preaching a sermon with her life .
Miles McPherson , her pastor , compared her to Esther .
Prejean claimed
God chose her and trusted her to speak out .
Even now that she has been stripped of her title , Prejean is on the talk show circuit talking about her beliefs .
" When God is for you , no one can be against you , " she told Larry King .
I 've been studying religion and beauty pageants for my Ph.D. dissertation , and even I 'm still trying to wrap my head around the last two months of headlines .
Nobody expected Prejean 's comments about gay marriage to be news , nor for American evangelical communities to promote Prejean as a pageant preacher .
The irony of the controversy is not how unique Prejean is for using the pageant to promote her Christian beliefs , but how in line with pageant tradition she is .
Christians have long participated in such beauty pageants , and they quite frequently win .
And not only do they have religious justifications for their participation , many frequently have Christian motivations for their participation .
Remember , for example , Miss America 2003 , Erika Harold , who faced resistance over her desire to advocate abstinence during her reign .
Miss America 1973 , Terry Meeuwsen , Miss America 1990 , Debbye Turner , and Miss America 1995 , Heather Whitestone have also put their beliefs into practice through pageant participation .
Indeed , they used their crowns to open doors to minister to others in unique ways , paving the way for other pageant preachers like Prejean .
But these are only some of the more prominent names .
Winners of Miss USA and Miss America often herald their Christianity .
In both contests , however , as well as in preliminaries and state pageants that lead ...
1
Vince Vaughn and Jon Favreau are back , and although this is n’t Swingers , the duo has teamed up with a slew of big names ranging from Jason Bateman to Malin Akerman to Kristen Bell in Universal Pictures ’ upcoming comedy directed by Peter Billingsley .
Based on a Vince Vaughn original idea , the comedy follows four Midwestern couples who embark on a journey to a tropical island resort .
While one of the couples is there to work on their marriage , the other three set out to jet ski , spa , and enjoy some fun in the sun .
They soon discover that participation in the resort ’s couples therapy is not optional and apparently hilarity ensues .
Below are the trailer and poster :
Codex Magliabechiano CL . XIII.3
( B. R. 232 )
To order this beautifully bound and boxed set , please contact :
Mesoamerican Heritage Institute
United States
Return to top of page
By Sean Coughlan
BBC News
Churchill and his staff slept in rooms 10ft below ground Winston Churchill complained he had been " sold a pup " when he discovered his underground wartime headquarters in Whitehall were not bomb - proof .
A letter showing Churchill 's annoyance when he discovered this security flaw is on display at the Cabinet War Rooms .
Despite his protests , the prime minister continued to work from this bunker during the Blitz .
The letter , written in September 1940 , says the war rooms " cannot be made bomb - proof in any sense " .
The Cabinet War Rooms , now open to the public , were used as an underground command centre throughout World War II .
Built close to Downing Street and the nerve centres of government departments , it allowed the prime minister to stay in central London during air - raids .
But an exhibition opening next month in the former headquarters , will show how vulnerable this building was to attack - and how fortunate it was never to have received a direct hit .
This letter certainly makes clear Churchill 's surprise and indignation at being handed a potentially vulnerable bunker
Phil Reed
Director Churchill Museum and Cabinet War Rooms
The letter , written by senior civil servant Patrick Duff to Cabinet Secretary Sir Edward Bridges , describes Churchill 's shock at finding the weakness of the rooms used by the war cabinet and military leaders .
" The PM said I had ' sold him a pup ' in letting him think that this place is a real bomb - proof shelter , whereas it is nothing of the kind , " wrote Mr Duff .
The letter goes on to say that it is " totally impracticable to make anything of the nature of a bomb - proof dug - out within this building " .
It meant that while Nazi leader Adolf Hitler operated from headquarters encased in layers of concrete , Churchill and his staff were sleeping in rooms only 10 feet below ground .
Exhibition curator Cressida
Finch says the war rooms were " in effect a basement rather than a bunker " .
" This whole episode tells us a lot about Churchill 's personal bravery .
Although he was angry on learning that the war rooms were not completely safe , he was determined not to leave central London and be seen as abandoning Londoners , " she says .
' Vulnerable '
There were several near misses during air raids .
But , despite efforts to strengthen the building , including the placing of a reinforced concrete slab , there were doubts whether it would have withstood a direct hit .
The basement had been hastily converted and sandbagged " This letter certainly makes clear Churchill 's surprise and indignation at being handed a potentially vulnerable bunker , " says Phil Reed , director of the Churchill Museum and Cabinet War Rooms .
The underground control centre from which Churchill directed the war effort and communicated with allies such as President Franklin Roosevelt , had originally been the storage rooms of the Office of Works .
With the threat of war approaching , the basement was sandbagged and hastily converted into what was expected to be a temporary command centre , completed and made operational one week before Hitler invaded Poland in 1939 .
This network of tunnels and offices grew in size and significance , becoming a political and military headquarters and living space for hundreds of staff .
The long hours spent underground meant that staff were required to use sun lamps .
Shut down at the end of the war , the rooms were re-opened as a museum in the 1980s .
The exhibition , Undercover : Life in Churchill 's Bunker , opens on 27 August to mark the 70th anniversary of when the war rooms entered service .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Trekking the Kokoda Track can look to be the same with every single company on the Track , and there ’s over 20 of us .
How do you determine which company to go with ?
We have 36 + years experience taking small groups trekking around the world and have been trekking on the [ … ]
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Images of detainee abuse at the hands of U.S. troops , which President Obama has barred from public view , so " infuriated " the nation 's highest - ranking military officer he demanded leaders ensure continued training of troops to prevent abuse , according to a senior Pentagon official .
Adm .
Mike Mullen said in a memo that mistreatment of detainees would have a lasting negative effect .
In a July 10 memo , Adm .
Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , wrote the service chiefs and the U.S. combatant commanders around the world that mistreatment of detainees would have a continued and lasting negative effect on the image of U.S. forces .
" Despite our best efforts , a misguided and misled few have managed to tarnish that reputation and breach the very trust we have worked so hard to earn .
I am appalled by even the suggestion that someone in an American uniform would behave in such a way , " he wrote in the memo .
CNN obtained the memo , which was classified as " sensitive . "
In May , President Obama ordered that the photos not be publicly released after commanders said the release could put deployed U.S. troops into harm 's way by elements seeking retribution .
" We are better than what I saw in those pictures .
We must prove it , " Mullen said .
The memo was carefully written not to use the word " abuse " referring to what the photos showed , according to a Pentagon official .
Neither official would be identified because they were not authorized to speak on the record .
A senior official with direct knowledge of Mullen 's intent for the memo said it was not to highlight the fact the photos exist , but rather highlight that U.S. troops were involved in such actions .
Mullen made that point with a single sentence .
" We have n't all absorbed or applied all the lessons of Abu Ghraib , " he wrote , referring to the compilation of photos taken in the U.S. - run prison in Iraq , where detainees were exposed to physical abuse at the hands of U.S. troops .
Mullen saw the unreleased photos in May and June and discussed his reaction with senior military leaders during a June conference in Washington , according to a senior Pentagon official .
Mullen later decided to write the memo after thinking more about what he saw in the photos , the official said .
In the memo , Mullen asks the heads of all the branches of service to ensure proper training of troops as they enter the service .
Mullen also asks commanders who oversee U.S. troops in various regions , or commands , around the world to ensure training of troops as they enter those regions .
" The message must be clear : the mistreatment of detainees in any way will not be tolerated under any circumstances .
It is essential to who we are as a fighting force that we get this right , " he wrote .
All About U.S. Armed Forces • Michael Mullen • Barack Obama
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
June 10th , 2009
The full text of this chilling article is below .
Via : Seeds of Deception :
Doctors Warn : Avoid Genetically Modified Food
By Jeffrey M. Smith
On May 19th , the American Academy of Environmental Medicine ( AAEM ) called on “ Physicians to educate their patients , the medical community , and the public to avoid GM ( genetically modified ) foods when possible and provide educational materials concerning GM foods and health risks . ” [ 1 ]
They called for a moratorium on GM foods , long - term independent studies , and labeling .
AAEM ’s position paper stated , “ Several animal studies indicate serious health risks associated with GM food , ” including infertility , immune problems , accelerated aging , insulin regulation , and changes in major organs and the gastrointestinal system .
They conclude , “ There is more than a casual association between GM foods and adverse health effects .
There is causation , ” as defined by recognized scientific criteria .
“ The strength of association and consistency between GM foods and disease is confirmed in several animal studies . ”
More and more doctors are already prescribing GM - free diets .
Dr. Amy Dean , a Michigan internal medicine specialist , and board member of AAEM says , “ I strongly recommend patients eat strictly non-genetically modified foods . ”
Ohio allergist Dr. John Boyles says “ I used to test for soy allergies all the time , but now that soy is genetically engineered , it is so dangerous that I tell people never to eat it . ”
Dr. Jennifer Armstrong , President of AAEM , says , “ Physicians are probably seeing the effects in their patients , but need to know how to ask the right questions . ”
World renowned biologist Pushpa M. Bhargava goes one step further .
After reviewing more than 600 scientific journals , he concludes that genetically modified organisms ( GMOs ) are a major contributor to the sharply deteriorating health of Americans .
Pregnant women and babies at great risk
Among the population , biologist David Schubert of the Salk Institute warns that “ children are the most likely to be adversely effected by toxins and other dietary problems ” related to GM foods .
He says without adequate studies , the children become “ the experimental animals . ” [ 2 ]
The experience of actual GM - fed experimental animals is scary .
When GM soy was fed to female rats , most of their babies died within three weeks — compared to a 10 % death rate among the control group fed natural soy .
[ 3 ]
The GM - fed babies were also smaller , and later had problems getting pregnant . [ 4 ]
When male rats were fed GM soy , their testicles actually changed color — from the normal pink to dark blue .
[ 5 ]
Mice fed GM soy had altered young sperm . [ 6 ]
Even the embryos of GM fed parent mice had significant changes in their DNA . [ 7 ]
Mice fed GM corn in an Austrian government study had fewer babies , which were also smaller than normal . [ 8 ]
Reproductive problems also plague livestock .
Investigations in the state of Haryana , India revealed that most buffalo that ate GM cottonseed had complications such as premature deliveries , abortions , infertility , and prolapsed uteruses .
Many calves died .
In the US , about two dozen farmers reported thousands of pigs became sterile after consuming certain GM corn varieties .
Some had false pregnancies ; others gave birth to bags of water .
Cows and bulls also became infertile when fed the same corn . [ 9 ]
In the US population , the incidence of low birth weight babies , infertility , and infant mortality are all escalating .
Food designed to produce toxin
GM corn and cotton are engineered to produce their own built - in pesticide in every cell .
When bugs bite the plant , the poison splits open their stomach and kills them .
Biotech companies claim that the pesticide , called Bt — produced from soil bacteria Bacillus thuringiensis — has a history of safe use , since organic farmers and others use
Bt bacteria spray for natural insect control .
Genetic engineers insert
Bt genes into corn and cotton , so the plants do the killing .
The Bt - toxin produced in GM plants , however , is thousands of times more concentrated than natural
Bt spray , is designed to be more toxic , [ 10 ] has properties of an allergen , and unlike the spray , can not be washed off the plant .
Moreover , studies confirm that even the less toxic natural bacterial spray is harmful .
When dispersed by plane to kill gypsy moths in the Pacific Northwest , about 500 people reported allergy or flu - like symptoms .
Some had to go to the emergency room . [ 11 ] , [ 12 ]
The exact same symptoms are now being reported by farm workers throughout India , from handling Bt cotton . [ 13 ]
In 2008 , based on medical records , the Sunday India reported , “ Victims of itching have increased massively this year . . . related to BT cotton farming . ” [ 14 ]
GMOs provoke immune reactions
AAEM states , “ Multiple animal studies show significant immune dysregulation , ” including increase in cytokines , which are “ associated with asthma , allergy , and inflammation ” — all on the rise in the US .
According to GM food safety expert Dr. Arpad Pusztai , changes in the immune status of GM animals are “ a consistent feature of all the studies . ” [ 15 ]
Even Monsanto ’s own research showed significant immune system changes in rats fed Bt corn . [ 16 ]
A November 2008 by the Italian government also found that mice have an immune reaction to Bt corn . [ 17 ]
GM soy and corn each contain two new proteins with allergenic properties , [ 18 ] GM soy has up to seven times more trypsin inhibitor — a known soy allergen , [ 19 ] and skin prick tests show some people react to GM , but not to non -GM soy . [ 20 ]
Soon after GM soy was introduced to the UK , soy allergies skyrocketed by 50 % .
Perhaps the US epidemic of food allergies and asthma is a casualty of genetic manipulation .
Animals dying in large numbers
In India , animals graze on cotton plants after harvest .
But when shepherds let sheep graze on Bt cotton plants , thousands died .
Post mortems showed severe irritation and black patches in both intestines and liver ( as well as enlarged bile ducts ) .
Investigators said preliminary evidence “ strongly suggests that the sheep mortality was due to a toxin .
. . . most probably Bt - toxin . ” [ 21 ]
In a small follow - up feeding study by the Deccan Development Society , all sheep fed Bt cotton plants died within 30 days ; those that grazed on natural cotton plants remained healthy .
In a small village in Andhra Pradesh , buffalo grazed on cotton plants for eight years without incident .
On January 3rd , 2008 , the buffalo grazed on Bt cotton plants for the first time .
All 13 were sick the next day ; all died within 3 days . [ 22 ]
Bt corn was also implicated in the deaths of cows in Germany , and horses , water buffaloes , and chickens in The Philippines . [ 23 ]
In lab studies , twice the number of chickens fed Liberty Link corn died ; 7 of 20 rats fed a GM tomato developed bleeding stomachs ; another 7 of 40 died within two weeks . [ 24 ]
Monsanto ’s own study showed evidence of poisoning in major organs of rats fed Bt corn , according to top French toxicologist G. E. Seralini . [ 25 ]
Worst finding of all — GMOs remain inside of us
The only published human feeding study revealed what may be the most dangerous problem from GM foods .
The gene inserted into GM soy transfers into the DNA of bacteria living inside our intestines and continues to function . [ 26 ]
This means that long after we stop eating GMOs , we may still have potentially harmful GM proteins produced continuously inside of us .
Put more plainly , eating a corn chip produced from
Bt corn might transform our intestinal bacteria into living pesticide factories , possibly for the rest of our lives .
When evidence of gene transfer is reported at medical conferences around the US , doctors often respond by citing the huge increase of gastrointestinal problems among their patients over the last decade .
GM foods might be colonizing the gut flora of North Americans .
Warnings by government scientists ignored and denied
Scientists at the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) had warned about all these problems even in the early 1990s .
According to documents released from a lawsuit , the scientific consensus at the agency was that GM foods were inherently dangerous , and might create hard - to - detect allergies , poisons , gene transfer to gut bacteria , new diseases , and nutritional problems .
They urged their superiors to require rigorous long - term tests . [ 27 ]
But the White House had ordered the agency to promote biotechnology and the FDA responded by recruiting Michael Taylor , Monsanto ’s former attorney , to head up the formation of GMO policy .
That policy , which is in effect today , denies knowledge of scientists ’ concerns and declares that no safety studies on GMOs are required .
It is up to Monsanto and the other biotech companies to determine if their foods are safe .
Mr. Taylor later became Monsanto ’s vice president .
Dangerously few studies , untraceable diseases
AAEM states , “ GM foods have not been properly tested ” and “ pose a serious health risk . ”
Not a single human clinical trial on GMOs has been published .
A 2007 review of published scientific literature on the “ potential toxic effects / health risks of GM plants ” revealed “ that experimental data are very scarce . ”
The author concludes his review by asking , “ Where is the scientific evidence showing that GM plants / food are toxicologically safe , as assumed by the biotechnology companies ? ” [ 28 ]
Famed Canadian geneticist David Suzuki answers , “ The experiments simply have n’t been done and we now have become the guinea pigs . ”
He adds , “ Anyone that says , ‘ Oh , we know that this is perfectly safe , ’ I say is either unbelievably stupid or deliberately lying . ” [ 29 ]
Dr. Schubert points out , “ If there are problems , we will probably never know because the cause will not be traceable and many diseases take a very long time to develop . ”
If GMOs happen to cause immediate and acute symptoms with a unique signature , perhaps then we might have a chance to trace the cause .
This is precisely what happened during a US epidemic in the late 1980s .
The disease was fast acting , deadly , and caused a unique measurable change in the blood — but it still took more than four years to identify that an epidemic was even occurring .
By then it had killed about 100 Americans and caused 5,000 - 10,000 people to fall sick or become permanently disabled .
It was caused by a genetically engineered brand of a food supplement called L - tryptophan .
If other GM foods are contributing to the rise of autism , obesity , diabetes , asthma , cancer , heart disease , allergies , reproductive problems , or any other common health problem now plaguing Americans , we may never know .
In fact , since animals fed GMOs had such a wide variety of problems , susceptible people may react to GM food with multiple symptoms .
It is therefore telling that in the first nine years after the large scale introduction of GM crops in 1996 , the incidence of people with three or more chronic diseases nearly doubled , from 7 % to 13 % . [ 30 ]
To help identify if GMOs are causing harm , the AAEM asks their “ members , the medical community , and the independent scientific community to gather case studies potentially related to GM food consumption and health effects , begin epidemiological research to investigate the role of GM foods on human health , and conduct safe methods of determining the effect of GM foods on human health . ”
Citizens need not wait for the results before taking the doctors advice to avoid GM foods .
People can stay away from anything with soy or corn derivatives , cottonseed and canola oil , and sugar from GM sugar beets — unless it says organic or “ non-GMO . ”
There is a pocket Non-GMO Shopping Guide , co-produced by the Institute for Responsible Technology and the Center for Food Safety , which is available as a download , as well as in natural food stores and in many doctors ’ offices .
If even a small percentage of people choose non-GMO brands , the food industry will likely respond as they did in Europe — by removing all GM ingredients .
Thus , AAEM ’s non-GMO prescription may be a watershed for the US food supply .
International bestselling author and independent filmmaker Jeffrey M. Smith is the Executive Director of the Institute for Responsible Technology and the leading spokesperson on the health dangers of GMOs .
His first book , Seeds of Deception is the world ’s bestselling book on the subject .
His second , Genetic Roulette : The Documented Health Risks of Genetically Engineered Foods , identifies 65 risks of GMOs and demonstrates how superficial government approvals are not competent to find most of them .
He invited the biotech industry to respond in writing with evidence to counter each risk , but correctly predicted that they would refuse , since they do n’t have the data to show that their products are safe .
[ 1 ]
http://www.aaemonline.org/gmopost.html
[ 2 ] David Schubert , personal communication to H. Penfound , Greenpeace Canada , October 25 , 2002 .
[ 3 ] Irina Ermakova , “ Genetically modified soy leads to the decrease of weight and high mortality of rat pups of the first generation .
Preliminary studies , ” Ecosinform 1 ( 2006 ) : 4–9 .
[ 4 ] Irina Ermakova , “ Experimental Evidence of GMO Hazards , ” Presentation at Scientists for a GM Free Europe , EU Parliament , Brussels , June 12 , 2007
[ 5 ] Irina Ermakova , “ Experimental Evidence of GMO Hazards , ” Presentation at Scientists for a GM Free Europe , EU Parliament , Brussels , June 12 , 2007
[ 6 ] L. Vecchio et al , “ Ultrastructural Analysis of Testes from Mice Fed on Genetically Modified Soybean , ” European Journal of Histochemistry 48 , no .
4 ( Oct–Dec 2004 ) :449–454 .
[ 7 ]
Oliveri et al. , “ Temporary Depression of Transcription in Mouse Pre-implantion Embryos from Mice Fed on Genetically Modified Soybean , ” 48th Symposium of the Society for Histochemistry , Lake Maggiore ( Italy ) , September 7 – 10 , 2006 .
[ 8 ] Alberta Velimirov and Claudia Binter , “ Biological effects of transgenic maize NK603xMON810 fed in long term reproduction studies in mice , ” Forschungsberichte der Sektion IV , Band 3/2008
[ 9 ] Jerry Rosman , personal communication , 2006
[ 10 ]
See for example , A. Dutton , H. Klein , J. Romeis , and F. Bigler , “ Uptake of Bt - toxin by herbivores feeding on transgenic maize and consequences for the predator Chrysoperia carnea , ” Ecological Entomology 27 ( 2002 ) : 441–7 ; and J. Romeis , A. Dutton , and F. Bigler , “ Bacillus thuringiensis toxin ( Cry1 Ab ) has no direct effect on larvae of the green lacewing Chrysoperla carnea ( Stephens ) ( Neuroptera : Chrysopidae ) , ” Journal of Insect Physiology 50 , no .
2–3 ( 2004 ) : 175–183 .
[ 11 ] Washington State Department of Health , “ Report of health surveillance activities : Asian gypsy moth control program , ” ( Olympia , WA : Washington State Dept. of Health , 1993 ) .
[ 12 ] M. Green , et al. , “ Public health implications of the microbial pesticide Bacillus thuringiensis :
An epidemiological study , Oregon , 1985 - 86 , ” Amer. J. Public Health 80 , no. 7( 1990 ) : 848–852 .
[ 13 ] Ashish Gupta et. al. , “ Impact of Bt Cotton on Farmers ’ Health ( in Barwani and Dhar District of Madhya Pradesh ) , ” Investigation Report , Oct–Dec 2005 .
[ 14 ] Sunday India , October , 26 , 2008
[ 15 ] October 24 , 2005 correspondence between Arpad Pusztai and Brian John
[ 16 ] John M. Burns , “ 13 - Week Dietary Subchronic Comparison Study with MON 863 Corn in Rats Preceded by a 1 - Week Baseline Food Consumption Determination with PMI Certified Rodent Diet # 5002 , ” December 17 , 2002 http://www.monsanto.com/monsanto/content/sci_tech/prod_safety/fullratstudy.pdf
[ 17 ] Alberto Finamore , et al , “ Intestinal and Peripheral Immune Response to MON810 Maize Ingestion in Weaning and Old Mice , ” J. Agric .
Food Chem. , 2008 , 56 ( 23 ) , pp 11533–11539 , November 14 , 2008
[ 18 ]
See L Zolla , et al , “ Proteomics as a complementary tool for identifying unintended side effects occurring in transgenic maize seeds as a result of genetic modifications , ” J Proteome Res. 2008 May ;7(5 ) :1850-61 ; Hye - Yung Yum , Soo - Young Lee , Kyung - Eun Lee , Myung - Hyun Sohn , Kyu - Earn Kim , “ Genetically Modified and Wild Soybeans :
An immunologic comparison , ” Allergy and Asthma Proceedings 26 , no .
3 ( May–June 2005 ) : 210-216(7 ) ; and Gendel , “ The use of amino acid sequence alignments to assess potential allergenicity of proteins used in genetically modified foods , ” Advances in Food and Nutrition Research 42 ( 1998 ) , 45 –62 .
[ 19 ] A. Pusztai and S. Bardocz , “ GMO in animal nutrition : potential benefits and risks , ” Chapter 17 , Biology of Nutrition in Growing Animals , R. Mosenthin , J. Zentek and T. Zebrowska ( Eds . ) Elsevier , October 2005
[ 20 ] Hye - Yung Yum , Soo - Young Lee , Kyung - Eun Lee , Myung - Hyun Sohn , Kyu - Earn Kim , “ Genetically Modified and Wild Soybeans :
An immunologic comparison , ” Allergy and Asthma Proceedings 26 , no .
3 ( May–June 2005 ) : 210-216(7 ) .
[ 21 ] “ Mortality in Sheep Flocks after Grazing on Bt Cotton Fields — Warangal District , Andhra Pradesh ” Report of the Preliminary Assessment , April 2006 , http://www.gmwatch.org/archive2.asp
[ 22 ] Personal communication and visit , January 2009 .
[ 23 ] Jeffrey M. Smith , Genetic Roulette : The Documented Health Risks of Genetically Engineered Foods , Yes !
Books , Fairfield , IA USA 2007
[ 24 ]
Arpad Pusztai , “ Can Science Give Us the Tools for Recognizing Possible Health Risks for GM Food ? ” Nutrition and Health 16 ( 2002 ) : 73 –84 .
[ 25 ] Stéphane Foucart , “ Controversy Surrounds a GMO , ” Le Monde , 14 December 2004 ; referencing , John M. Burns , “ 13 - Week Dietary Subchronic Comparison Study with MON 863 Corn in Rats Preceded by a 1 - Week Baseline Food Consumption Determination with PMI Certified Rodent Diet # 5002 , ” December 17 , 2002 http://www.monsanto.com/monsanto/content/sci_tech/prod_safety/fullratstudy.pdf
[ 26 ]
Netherwood et al , “ Assessing the survival of transgenic plant DNA in the human gastrointestinal tract , ” Nature Biotechnology 22 ( 2004 ) : 2 .
[ 27 ]
See memos at www.biointegrity.org
[ 28 ] José Domingo , “ Toxicity Studies of Genetically Modified Plants : A Review of the Published Literature , ” Critical reviews in food science and nutrition , 2007 , vol. 47 , no8 , pp. 721-733
[ 29 ]
Angela Hall , “ Suzuki warns against hastily accepting GMOs ” , The Leader - Post ( Canada ) , 26 April 2005 .
[ 30 ] Kathryn Anne Paez , et al , “ Rising Out - Of - Pocket Spending For Chronic Conditions : A Ten - Year Trend , ” Health Affairs , 28 , no . 1 ( 2009 ) : 15-25
TVE Director Sacked After Copa Del Rey Spanish Anthem Fiasco
Barcelona and Athletic fans may or may not have whistled during the Spanish national anthem , but viewers in Spain did not see what happened and someone has paid for it with their job ...
Not showing the Spanish national anthem being played before the Copa del Rey final has cost TVE 's sporting director his job after the station was stunned at the mistake .
The national channel , Television Espanola , went over to the Mestalla before the tune was played , but as it started they went to their reporters in Barcelona and Bilbao to see the fans gathered there .
Many critics believed it was because the fans of Barca and Athletic whistled during the anthem and TVE did not want to broadcast it as a result .
That was not the case , however , and it was an error of judgement that has cost TVE 's sporting director , Julian Reyes , his job as he was sacked on Thursday morning .
The Board of Directors of the channel removed him from his position citing a " serious error " before the cup final in not showing the anthem and Reyes bore the responsibility .
Apologising during half - time of the game , TVE then showed the tune at the break with the whistles hardly audible as the players lined up in front of King Juan Carlos I .
TVE director Javier Pons explained why the decision was made and " categorically " denied that the channel deliberately switched away from Mestalla because of the whistles .
" What happened was not in line with the principles that are in place to report objectively and in full what goes on on national television and that is what we seek each and every day here , " Pons added .
Lucas Brown , Goal.com
Not even Nintendo was immune from Activision Blizzard ’s criticisms .
Chief Executive Bobby Kotick , who runs the massive videogame publisher , had strong words for all three console manufacturers , citing the economic downturn as a significant problem that should have been attacked immediately .
The company , who ’s titles include Call of Duty , Guitar Hero , and World of Warcraft , recently posted $ 981 million in net revenue last quarter , and was one of the few game companies to benefit from a profitable fiscal year .
But based off Kotick ’s words , this is n’t enough .
“ I was disappointed not to see any sort of aggressive price cutting .
Of all the things that the hardware companies need to be doing right now , it ’s recognizing the difficulties of the economy and pricing their hardware appropriately . ”
But considering companies like Sony Computer Entertainment posted a $ 605 million loss for the year ending March 31st , the hardware manufacturers may not have enough breathing room to appease the demands of Kotick and his fellow software publishers .
A more economic strategy for Sony , Microsoft , and Nintendo would be to simply make their hardware more desirable through compelling software releases , which made a grand showing at E3 , and keep the innovative firmware updates coming .
[ Source ]
infected 2 : i hate you By starrynails Watch
14 Favourites 17 Comments 1K Views
this has less manipulation than the previous one .
I let the flower color be bright so the ' infection ' had more emphasis now .
'i hate you '
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 491x622px 40.97 KB
Make SONY Model DSC - P73 Shutter Speed 10/2500 second Aperture F/7.1 Focal Length 10 mm ISO Speed 100 Date Taken Jan 10 , 2006 , 2:19:34 PM
Show More
Published : Jan 20 , 2006
At last millenials will have the chance to make up their own minds about Mrs Thatcher
Time WarnerCable ’s hasty retreat from a plan to charge broadband customers by the byte will delay but likely wo n't kill efforts to replace all - you - can - eat plans with so - called metered billing arrangements .
In the end , the company 's greedy rates , unpersuasive congestion arguments and relatively low threshold caps may have played a bigger role in derailing the plan than adamant consumer opposition to pay - as - you - go broadband at any price .
Still it ’s unlikely that any large ISP will try to switch to cell phone - style billing again anytime soon .
" Time Warner Cable has raised the government and consumer flags too high for anyone else to do this anytime in the near future , " Pali Research analyst Richard Greenfield said .
" They created a PR nightmare for no reason . "
That nightmare is actually a good thing for the net since broadband caps , even high ones , inherently discourage internet usage .
In early April , Time Warner Cable proposed a four - city trial of 5 to 40 - GB caps for $ 30 to $ 55 per month , with an extra charge of $ 1 / GB .
( A standard definition movie is about 2GB and Microsoft software updates often around half a GB ) .
That proposal came as government agencies began taking steps to make broadband expansion part of the national economic recovery plan .
The two weeks of outrage that followed have made it clear that U.S. consumers do not want to have to calorie - count their internet usage , especially in age where users are adopting such bandwidth - hungry video innovations as the Roku box , Hulu.com 's online television shows and net - centered home media portals like Boxee .
But , for instance , there has not been too much of a backlash against Comcast ’s 250 - GB a month cap , which , by comparison , seems quite reasonable – even to consumer advocacy groups .
So Time Warner Cable could give subscribers broadband meters for a few months – as they promised to in their surrender letter – and then offer simplified tiers with substantially higher caps .
Still , a move to cell phone - like billing does n’t make much sense when cable companies have long distinguished themselves from DSL providers by offering higher speeds .
It will also be a difficult model to offer in any market where providers go up against Verizon ’s fiber optic network , FIOS .
Jim Blackley , a vice president at the nation ’s fifth largest cable company Cablevision had it right when he dismissed tiered plans early this month , saying “ we think [ broadband ] is a pretty powerful drug and we want people to consume more of it . "
Large network operators protest that traffic on their networks keep going up at 30 percent a year , and they needs to stop bandwidth hogs , lest the internet experience " brown - outs " in the future .
Unfortunately , TWC was ill - prepared to explain exactly why the solution was to charge by the GB , given that its cost to send its customers ’ data across the net 's backbone fell in 2008 , and most of its expenses are n’t closely tied to the amount of data any particular user downloads .
Like nearly all ISPs , TWC does n't make public any usage information about its network .
That lack of data made it impossible for outside observers to judge whether the company was actually trying to fix an inherently broken billing model , experimenting with confusing billing options that cost subscribers extra , or trying to make it too expensive for users to watch video online , rather than through a cable television subscription .
Those suspicions got New York lawmakers Rep. Eric Massa and Senator Chuck Schumer to pressure TWC into abandoning its proposal .
That 's a shame , according to a blog post from Kyle McSlarrow , the president of the National Cable & Telecommunications Association .
“ [ I ]t is entirely appropriate for any actor in the Internet eco-system to test and examine new ideas and approaches that promote consumer choice and enhance the Internet experience for broadband users before making any permanent decisions , ” McSlarrow wrote .
“ The whole point of tests , it seems to me , is to learn what works and what does n’t , and the details matter a lot . ”
Not everyone is convinced that large ISPs wo n't try again .
" If the motivation was to change user behavior and user psyches , they will come back to it , " said Derek Turner , the research director at the consumer - advocacy group Free Press .
Even when the company bowed to pressure and added a low and top tier to its plans , the point seemed clear – discourage internet video .
TWC 's lowest proposed tier ( $ 15 a month for 1 GB with a $ 2/ GB
overage fee ) effectively told subscribers never to watch a movie online , Turner argues , and even its $ 75 / month top tier plan is only unlimited once users have paid another $ 75 a month in overage fees .
Not surprisingly , Art Brodsky , a spokesman for Public Knowledge - an interest group that opposed TWC 's plan , agrees .
" Something will come back , " Brodsky said .
" We have infinite faith in the cable industry . "
Still , he hopes that ISPs start becoming transparent and find fair solutions to network congestion .
" Every company manages their network , " Brodsky said .
" Now the goal is have them do so in a non-discriminatory manner , in as open a manner as possible , and with as much control to the consumer as possible . "
Transparency is the lesson in this episode for any ISP that wants to impose caps on usage or actively manage its network – say by speeding up video calls and slowing down file - sharing during peak hours – or .
For instance , a wireless internet service in rural Wyoming may have technically sound reasons why it needs to limit BitTorrent or sell its services in tiers , but these limitations need to be made clear and transparent to users .
Richard Bennett , an engineer and network consultant , bemoaned the death of Time Warner Cable ’s experiment , writing that the current billing model is unsophisticated .
“ No fair - minded and rational person can look at the costs of operating a network and conclude that flat - rate pricing for a single Quality of Service level is the best we can do , ” Bennett wrote .
That might be true , but right now no fair - minded and rational person who does n’t work for an ISP can actually see what the network ’s problems are or what the solutions actually do .
And until that transparency happens , broadband subscribers should rightfully remain wary of any ‘ solution ’
ISPs offer to network congestion problems – unless that solution involves a fatter pipe or a fiber cable to your house .
Photo : Flickr / Hisa Fujimoto
See Also :
Laptop Security while Crossing Borders
Last year , I wrote about the increasing propensity for governments , including the U.S. and Great Britain , to search the contents of people ’s laptops at customs .
What we know is still based on anecdote , as no country has clarified the rules about what their customs officers are and are not allowed to do , and what rights people have .
Companies and individuals have dealt with this problem in several ways , from keeping sensitive data off laptops traveling internationally , to storing the data — encrypted , of course — on websites and then downloading it at the destination .
I have never liked either solution .
I do a lot of work on the road , and need to carry all sorts of data with me all the time .
It ’s a lot of data , and downloading it can take a long time .
Also , I like to work on long international flights .
There ’s another solution , one that works with whole - disk encryption products like PGP Disk ( I ’m on PGP ’s advisory board ) , TrueCrypt , and BitLocker : Encrypt the data to a key you do n’t know .
It sounds crazy , but stay with me .
Caveat :
Do n’t try this at home if you ’re not very familiar with whatever encryption product you ’re using .
Failure results in a bricked computer .
Do n’t blame me .
Step One : Before you board your plane , add another key to your whole - disk encryption ( it ’ll probably mean adding another “ user ” ) — and make it random .
By “ random , ” I mean really random :
Pound the keyboard for a while , like a monkey trying to write Shakespeare .
Do n’t make it memorable .
Do n’t even try to memorize it .
Technically , this key does n’t directly encrypt your hard drive .
Instead , it encrypts the key that is used to encrypt your hard drive — that ’s how the software allows multiple users .
So now there are two different users named with two different keys : the one you normally use , and some random one you just invented .
Step Two :
Send that new random key to someone you trust .
Make sure the trusted recipient has it , and make sure it works .
You wo n’t be able to recover your hard drive without it .
Step Three : Burn , shred , delete or otherwise destroy all copies of that new random key .
Forget it .
If it was sufficiently random and non-memorable , this should be easy .
Step Four : Board your plane normally and use your computer for the whole flight .
Step Five : Before you land , delete the key you normally use .
At this point , you will not be able to boot your computer .
The only key remaining is the one you forgot in Step Three .
There ’s no need to lie to the customs official ; you can even show him a copy of this article if he does n’t believe you .
Step Six :
When you ’re safely through customs , get that random key back from your confidant , boot your computer and re-add the key you normally use to access your hard drive .
And that ’s it .
This is by no means a magic get - through - customs - easily card .
Your computer might be impounded , and you might be taken to court and compelled to reveal who has the random key .
But the purpose of this protocol is n’t to prevent all that ; it ’s just to deny any possible access to your computer to customs .
You might be delayed .
You might have your computer seized .
( This will cost you any work you did on the flight , but — honestly — at that point that ’s the least of your troubles . )
You might be turned back or sent home .
But when you ’re back home , you have access to your corporate management , your personal attorneys , your wits after a good night ’s sleep , and all the rights you normally have in whatever country you ’re now in .
This procedure not only protects you against the warrantless search of your data at the border , it also allows you to deny a customs official your data without having to lie or pretend — which itself is often a crime .
Now the big question :
Who should you send that random key to ?
Certainly it should be someone you trust , but — more importantly — it should be someone with whom you have a privileged relationship .
Depending on the laws in your country , this could be your spouse , your attorney , your business partner or your priest .
In a larger company , the IT department could institutionalize this as a policy , with the help desk acting as the key holder .
You could also send it to yourself , but be careful .
You do n’t want to e-mail it to your webmail account , because then you ’d be lying when you tell the customs official that there is no possible way you can decrypt the drive .
You could put the key on a USB drive and send it to your destination , but there are potential failure modes .
It could fail to get there in time to be waiting for your arrival , or it might not get there at all .
You could airmail the drive with the key on it to yourself a couple of times , in a couple of different ways , and also fax the key to yourself … but that ’s more work than I want to do when I ’m traveling .
If you only care about the return trip , you can set it up before you return .
Or you can set up an elaborate one - time pad system , with identical lists of keys with you and at home : Destroy each key on the list you have with you as you use it .
Remember that you ’ll need to have full - disk encryption , using a product such as PGP Disk , TrueCrypt or BitLocker , already installed and enabled to make this work .
I do n’t think we ’ll ever get to the point where our computer data is safe when crossing an international border .
Even if countries like the U.S. and Britain clarify their rules and institute privacy protections , there will always be other countries that will exercise greater latitude with their authority .
And sometimes protecting your data means protecting your data from yourself .
This essay originally appeared on Wired.com .
Posted on July 15 , 2009 at 12:10 PM • 176 Comments
Many atheist blogs periodically address the subject of atheist dating .
Not surprisingly , atheists are interested in dating too .
I have noticed that there seems to be a perception in the atheist community that there is a shortage of atheist women .
Is the atheist movement really something of a " sausage fest , " and if so , why ?
Perhaps the shortage of atheist women is only imagined .
Another possibility is that it is highly context - dependent .
One thing we should understand about the atheist community is that only a tiny fraction those who belong to it approach their atheism with a sense of activism .
Among this minority within a minority of atheist activists , I suspect that women are underrepresented .
Could this be why so many male atheists lament the lack of atheist women ?
They are basing their calculations on the activist segment of the community while ignoring the bigger picture .
If I am correct that women are underrepresented among atheist activists , then we might do well to ask why .
Is there something about atheist activism , as it tends to be conceived , that is unappealing to many women ?
If so , is this something that could change ?
Independent of the dating topic , I think that atheist activism would benefit from the involvement of more women .
Why ?
Diversity is valuable .
I 'm not sure whether women are underrepresented among atheists in general , but they might still be underrepresented among atheist activists and in what we might call the atheist movement .
If I 'm right , then the challenge for male atheists who would prefer a more diverse community is figuring out how they might make activist - oriented settings more appealing to women .
Right , today we ’re going to make some triple - cooked french fries like you ’ll see in the video below , but then we ’re going to go a step further , we ’re going to …kick it up a notch .
We ’re going to take our homemade triple - cooked french fries and then we ’re going to use them to make some Texas Cheese Fries–I ’m kinda doing this in honor of the 4th of July , which is tomorrow ( not that you should n’t try this if you ’re reading this later ) , but this is the perfect accompaniment to some burgers , steaks , and hotdogs .
Recipe for the Texas Cheese Fries is after the video , have a look :
Texas Cheese Fries
Ingredients
32 oz tripled - cooked french fries ( do n’t worry about whether you ’ve got exactly 32 oz or not , just make a bunch and slather away , you ’ll be fine 😀 )
1/4 cup of sliced green onions .
1/2 cup of shredded colby - monterey jack cheese .
1/8 teaspoon garlic salt .
1/8 teaspoon seasoned salt ( onion salt is good , too ) .
4 slices bacon ( mmmm… bacon ) , cooked & crumbled .
1 cup of ranch dressing .
1 1/4 oz taco seasoning .
1/8 teaspoon black pepper
Directions
Pre -heat the oven just enough so that you can melt the cheese over the fries later .
Combine the ranch dressing along with half the taco seasoning and put it aside .
In a small container sprinkle some black pepper , seasoned salt , and garlic salt , then put the remaining taco seasoning in and mix .
Once the tripled - cooked french fries are done , put them into a paper bag and sprinkle the seasoning you just mixed onto the fries .
Place fries onto a serving dish that you can place into the oven .
Put the cheese & bacon evenly over the fries on the baking sheet .
Put the fries in a hot oven until the cheese has melted , then remove .
Spread the green onions over the fries .
Serve fries with the previously prepared sauce for dipping .
Additional Resources and Further Reading
Mexican french fries with beef ( I like the idea of involving some beef , kinda like chili cheese nachos … but with fries … sort of )
Emeril Lagasse shows us what he thinks is the ‘ Perfect ’ french fries recipe
The man who started the craze for doorstopper - sized fantasy series , David Eddings , has died aged 77 .
Prolific and bestselling , Eddings was the author of more than 25 books , many of them written with his wife Leigh Eddings , who passed away in 2007 .
Best known for his Belgariad and Mallorean series , which follow the adventures of the orphaned farm boy Garion as he fulfils an ancient prophecy , Eddings turned to fantasy after he spotted a copy of The Lord of the Rings in a bookshop , and saw that it was in its 73rd printing .
He 'd already written a thriller about deer hunting , High Hunt , and had begun drawing a map of an imaginary world while writing another contemporary novel that had n't been working out .
After his epiphany with Tolkien , when he realised the fantasy field was under - served but potentially extremely lucrative , he began to use the map to plot the world of Garion , Belgarath the Sorcerer and his daughter Polgara , and their fellow cast of thousands .
Despite his success , Eddings was known for his humble nature .
" His huge worldwide success and fame did not change Dave at all , " said his long - term publisher at HarperCollins , Jane Johnson , herself a fantasy author .
" He was unfailingly self - effacing on the subject of his success , once saying : ' I 'm never going to be in danger of getting a
Nobel prize for literature , I 'm a storyteller , not a prophet .
I 'm just interested in a good story ' . "
Eddings was always delighted , he said , to hear that he 'd turned non-readers into readers .
" I look upon this as perhaps my purpose in life , " he said in 1997 .
" I am here to teach a generation or two how to read .
After they 've finished with me and I do n't challenge them any more , they can move on to somebody important like Homer or Milton . "
Born in Spokane in Washington State , Eddings studied English at university in Oregon , and then spent two years in the army in Germany , which funded him through graduate studies in Middle English .
He went on to work for Boeing , eventually settling in Denver where he began his writing career .
Fellow fantasy author Stephen Hunt said that Eddings was one of the reasons he became a writer .
" I was in my early teens when I discovered these books , and they opened my eyes to the fact that not all fantasy had to be the ' Ye Olde Speake ' variety favoured by Tolkien – they were fantasy , but they carried a modern feel to the dialogue and
characterisation , while still being firmly placed in a deeply believable fantasy world , " Hunt wrote on his blog today .
" Along with writers like Moorcock and Gemmell , David is one of the reasons I became a writer , so I guess you can partially blame my Jackelian series on him .
He 's probably pottering around Garion 's farm right now with a smile on his face , wondering what all the fuss is about . "
Johnson said he would be missed " tremendously " at HarperCollins , which published his last title , The Elder Gods , in 2006 .
" He was a towering force of modern commercial fiction , a master of the epic , and a delight to work with , " she said .
" The Voyager team and I were immensely sad to hear the news . "
From ChessBase News : “ Normally knowing your enemy is an advantage .
Not so in chess games between the sexes .
In a study published in the European Journal of Social Psychology , Volume 38 , Issue 2 ( March / April 2008 ) ( pdf here ) , Anne Maass , Claudio D’Ettole , Mara Cadinu , Dr Anne Maass ( et al. ) pitted male and female players against each other via the Internet .
Women showed a 50 % performance decline when they were aware that they were playing a male opponent . ”
Here ’s the article ’s abstract .
* * *
Women are surprisingly underrepresented in the chess world , representing less that 5 % of registered tournament players worldwide and only 1 % of the world ’s grandmasters .
In this paper it is argued that gender stereotypes are mainly responsible for the underperformance of women in chess .
Forty - two male - female pairs , matched for ability , played two chess games via the Internet .
When players were unaware of the sex of opponent ( control condition ) , females played approximately as well as males .
When the gender stereotype was activated ( experimental condition ) , women showed a drastic performance drop , but only when they were aware that they were playing against a male opponent .
When they ( falsely ) believed to be playing against a woman , they performed as well as their male opponents .
In addition , our findings suggest that women show lower chess - specific self - esteem and a weaker promotion focus , which are predictive of poorer chess performance .
* * *
Here ’s the article ’s conclusion .
* * *
A number of novel findings emerge from the present study that complement cognitively - oriented research on chess .
Most importantly , gender stereotypes can have a greatly debilitating effect on female players leading to a 50 % performance decline when playing against males .
Interestingly , this disadvantage is completely removed when players are led to believe that they are playing against a woman .
This may , in part , occur because women choose a more defensive style when playing with men .
A second and more general message of our study is that self - confidence and a win-oriented promotion motivation contribute positively to chess performance .
Since women show lower chess - specific self - esteem and a more cautious regulatory focus than males , possibly as a consequence of widely held gender stereotypes , this may at least in part explain their worldwide underrepresentation and underperformance in chess .
Thus , women seem disadvantaged not because they are lacking cognitive or spatial abilities , but because they approach chess competitions with lesser confidence and with a more cautious attitude than their male opponents .
Hence , a motivational perspective may be better suited to understand ( and prevent ) the underperformance of women in the ‘ ultimate intellectual sport . ’
* * *
You can dowload the entire article here .
To read a sample of related Situationist posts , see “ The Situation of Gender - Science Stereotypes , ” “ The Situation of Gender and Science , ” “ Stereotype Threat and Performance , ” “ The Gendered Situation of Science & Math , ” “ Gender - Imbalanced Situation of Math , Science , and Engineering , ” “ Sex Differences in Math and Science , ” “ You Should n’t Stereotype Stereotypes , ” “ Women ’s Situation in Economics , ” and “ Your Group is Bad at Math . ”
Dougal Sharp speaking
Innis & Gunn has met with a divided reception among beer enthusiasts .
Some really like it , some think it 's not bad , and some hate it .
Personally , I quite like it , and it's one of the very few beers that are oak - aged and fairly widely distributed .
So when Dr. Jekyll 's pub in Oslo announced a tasting with Dougal Sharp , the creator of Innis & Gunn , I signed up .
Working out which brewery is behind the beer is a bit tricky .
The bottles describe the producer of the beer as as " Innis & Gunn Brewing Company , " but there no such physical brewery .
Instead , Belhaven , a Scottish brewery , brews the beer under contract .
So that kind of makes Innis & Gunn a contract brewer ( or " phantom brewer " , as the Danes would call it ) , but one that only contracts a single brewery , at least at the moment .
The Innis & Gunn process is described as " unique " , which may sound odd ( and like a tired cliché ) , given that oak - aged beers are not that unusual any more .
However , the process they use is actually different from what 's usual .
They buy oak casks that have been used to age bourbon in the US , ship them in pieces to Scotland , and reassemble them there .
This means that the barrels are actually dry when they are used to age Innis & Gunn , and that none of the alcohol in the beer comes from the whisky .
As far as I know they are the only ones to use this exact procedure .
Dougal said that each cask produces a quite different beer , which is similar to what other brewers have been saying about oak - aged beers .
In fact , quite a few casks would produce vinegary sour stuff , which they would throw away .
To get a somewhat consistent result they then blend the beer from the different casks after the aging .
They also dilute the aged beer a bit , which they claim releases more flavour , in much the same way that adding water to whisky is said to do .
Dougal described the base beer ( that is , the beer that goes into the casks ) as " quite bland " .
The idea is that they want most of the flavour to come from the casks themselves , and only some from the beer .
This is also different from the usual approach with oak - aged beer , where the aging is used more to wear off the edges of a sharp and powerful base beer than to really impart a major flavour to the beer .
Mikkeller 's Calvados beer is about the only exception to that I can recall .
I quite like the Innis & Gunn Original ( at 6.6 % ) , even though it 's pretty mild , and tastes primarily of perfumy vanilla , which feels a bit artificial , partly because it 's so prominent and distinct .
This is the bit that many people hate , some claiming that it must come from vanilla essence .
Whisky enthusiasts , on the other hand , claim it 's perfectly reasonable for a bourbon barrel to produce this taste , and Dougal denied there was any artificial flavouring in the beer .
There 's not just vanilla in the aroma , though , but also quite a bit of nuts , caramelly malts , and smoky hints .
I rated this at 3.8 out of 5.0 , but that 's an old rating , and probably too high .
Today I estimate I 'd give it 3.2 or thereabouts .
Since the base beer is so bland , it means that with different casks one could get quite different beers , and this is what Innis & Gunn have started doing .
So at the tasting we were offered four different beers , starting with the new Innis & Gunn Blonde .
This was paler than the Original and slightly lower in alcohol at 6 % .
It 's milder than the Original and quite subdued .
Still a bit of perfumy vanilla , but also floral hops and paper .
In general I thought this one had too little flavour , and gave it 3.1 out of 5.0 .
We then moved on to the Original , which I 've already described , and after that to Innis & Gunn Canadian Cask ( 7.1 % ) .
For this they used Canadian whisky barrels , and it 's interesting how different from the previous two beers it was .
The vanilla and the artificial feel were just about gone , and now earthy floral chocolate predominates , with roasty dusty fruity notes .
It was very harmonic and easy to drink , and I liked this one more than the previous two , rating it at 3.3 out of 5.0 .
The best they saved for last : Innis & Gunn Rum Cask ( 7.4 % ) .
This one had some vanilla in the aroma , but the taste was actually slightly acidic and vinegary from the casks .
The acid was quite mild , though , and the sweetness was still there , in an unusual combination I quite liked .
The basic taste was floral metallic and earthy .
This one I gave 3.5 out of 5.0 , making it the clear winner of the four .
Dougal said that not only did each barrel produce a different beer , and some of them were much better than the others , and they were kind of sad about having to blend these in with the rest .
In the future they were thinking of doing some special single - barrel bottlings of Innis & Gunn , so that people could try these beers separately from the main bottling .
I found that to be an intriguing idea , and would quite like to try it , especially if I could compare two different casks to each other .
At Olympen
Overall , it was definitely worth attending the tasting , and hearing the story behind the beer ( which you can get on their web site ) directly from the source of course added to the interest .
I should have had a picture of the Innis & Gunn beers , but stupidly did not do it before the tasting started , and once it got under way I was much too busy taking notes to even think about it .
After the tasting we headed over to Olympen for more beer , so the final photo is from there instead .
Drug addictions and rehab trips have - as much drugs themselves - been trendy forever .
But what about weed addictions ?
The Times ' Sunday Styles ' 'bout to get all High Times on us and investigate .
Bongs out , bowls packed ?
Blaze away !
Things you did n't know before : people can get addicted to weed !
For example , this lady , who came home after work , and got blazed :
Joyce , 52 and a writer in Manhattan , started smoking pot when she was 15 , and for years it was a pleasant escape , a calming protective cloud .
Then it became an obsession , something she needed to get through the day .
She found herself hiding her addiction from her family , friends and co-workers .
" I would come home from work , close my door , have my bong , my food , my music and my dog , and I would n't see another person until I went to work the next day , " said Joyce ...
Okay , well , Joyce is 52 , but that pretty much rules out anybody on any Gawker Media editorial mastheads , yet basically resembles a fairly accurate description of half the people I know , except they 're too broke to have dogs .
Also , that sounds like a decent routine , although one that 'd get old , fast .
Also :
The drug cannot lead to fatal overdose and its hazards pale in comparison with those of alcohol .
But at the same time , marijuana can be up to five times more potent than the cannabis of the 1970s , according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse .
Weed 's getting way better , because there 's more out there , so more people are smoking it .
Like the internet ?
No .
They even threw down on an awesome graph showing just how not - addicting marijuana is .
But I knew plenty of people like Joyce in my years of rigorous academia , wherein a hot shower ran in a dorm bathroom all day to steam out the smell of marijuana , smoked traditionally before and after long lecture hall classes .
These were the exploits of other people far more successful than me .
I ended up here , and can't handle my shit when too stoned .
I freak out and get paranoid of COPS , MAN , FUCKING COPS .
Anyway , these people are what we like to call High - Functioning Stoners , whose existence the Times only hints at :
Jonathan James , has concerns about his own marijuana use .
Mr. James , 50 , a former choreographer , has been a regular pot smoker for 35 years .
He said smoking marijuana helped inspire some of his most original ideas .
But Mr. James is afraid to stop smoking , even after kicking heroin and cocaine ... He said he would be more successful without pot .
" It keeps me back - from engaging in the dreams and aspirations I have , " he said .
" I would like to feel I do n't need to take anything to feel better . "
They also tell sad tales of people who've lost everything to Marijuana addiction , but the medically skeptical side of me just thinks that if it were n't pot , it'd be something else .
Is n't that how addictive personalities work ?
See , upon first reading the Sunday Styles seemingly investigative piece , it occurred to me that the real problem they try to get at throughout the entire thing but ( typically ) fail miserably at is : having a weed addiction simply is n't cool .
It does n't carry the I - Was - Out - With - People - Doing - Shit street cred of coke ( recent case study : Mischa Barton going crazy ) or the I - Was - Hanging - Out - With - People - You 'll - Never - Be- Cool - Enough - To - Know je ne sais quoi of heroin ( recent case study : the death of Dash Snow ) , or even the longstanding tradition of Red-Blooded American Alcoholism and Lung Cancer that comes with drinking and smokin ' cigs .
But weed ?
Puh -leese .
Then , it occured to me that that 's exactly what the Times was hinting at .
Weed addictions are n't cool ... yet .
But they 're so rare and looked down upon and things nobody you 've heard of or know has , the fact of the matter is that weed addictions are the new heroin addictions , and Sunday Styles was the first to crack the case .
Genius .
Unfortunately , despite referencing Louis Armstrong , Bob Dylan , and " silly ... movies like ' Harold and Kumar , ' " no piece on marijuana addiction is complete without one substantial moment in pop culture , which they miserable failed at including .
We 've done the pleasure of bringing it to you .
Click to view
Now : who 's got greens ?
Marijuana Is Gateway Drug for Two Debates [ NYT ]
Admit it :
When the federal government decided last fall to spend hundreds of billions to stabilize banks through the Troubled Assets Relief Program , or TARP , you thought the money was as good as gone .
Not so , President Barack Obama said at the White House on June 9 , 2009 .
" Several financial institutions are set to pay back $ 68 billion to taxpayers , " he said .
" And while we know that we will not escape the worst financial crisis in decades without some losses to taxpayers , it 's worth noting that in the first round of repayments from these companies the government has actually turned a profit . "
A quick summary of how we got to this point :
As part of the TARP , the government invested about $ 200 billion in 600 banks across the country , essentially buying up preferred stock .
A lot of banks now want out .
The government money came with strings , including restrictions on executive compensation .
Plus , there was a stigma attached to participating in the government program .
On June 9 , the Treasury Department announced that 10 of the largest financial institutions that participated in the Capital Purchase Program ( through TARP ) have been approved to repay $ 68 billion .
Yes , they had to be approved to repay the money .
The companies had to prove they no longer needed the money , because the government does n't want them begging for more down the road .
To date , those 10 companies have paid dividends on their preferred stock to the Treasury totaling about $ 1.8 billion , the Treasury announced .
Overall , dividend payments from all of the 600 bank participants has come to about $ 4.5 billion so far .
That 's commensurate with the 5 percent ( annualized ) dividend return that was part of the terms of the program .
Now , the government borrowed the money it invested in the banks , and so dividends from the preferred stock are offset by interest the government has had to pay on its loans .
But that interest rate has been lower than the 5 percent dividend rate .
So when the companies repay the loans , it will result in some profit to the government , banking analysts told us .
There 's another potential profit center .
As part of the deal with banks , the federal government received warrants to buy stock at a future date ( with the hope that as the economy improved and bank stock value rose , the government could share in the bounty ) .
According to the Treasury announcement on June 9 , firms that repay their preferred stock have the right to repurchase those warrants at fair market value .
Experts believe that could fetch the government several billion dollars .
That 's in addition to the dividends .
David John , a senior research fellow at the conservative Heritage Foundation , said that while it 's accurate to say the government is turning a profit on these specific transactions , it was so costly to create the TARP that " you ca n't say the overall program is a moneymaker . "
And , John said , the 10 financial institutions that will be repaying the Treasury are among the strongest .
It remains to be seen how the others will fare , he said .
" It 's way too soon to judge the entire program , " John said .
" I 'd be surprised if it ends up anything better than break - even . "
Still , the public too often tagged TARP as a bailout , said John Hall , a spokesman for the American Bankers Association .
" It 's as if people thought money was handed out to banks , " Hall said .
" It was n't .
And it drove us nuts .
The government has turned a profit .
It made money plus some . "
Bank analyst Bert Ely said while the government may end up losing money on investments in some financial firms , it 's likely the entirety of the bank portion of the TARP will ultimately turn a profit .
The 5 percent paid in dividends on preferred stock purchased by the Treasury will certainly outpace the interest rate on money borrowed to finance the program , he said .
And the warrants could also prove profitable .
" People think the government gave banks money , " Ely said .
" They made investments in banks . "
As for Obama 's claim , he is careful to note that the overall program could still cost taxpayers money , but he is correct to say the government turned a profit on the first round of repayments .
We rate his statement True .
Whether you ’re doing this for fun or profit , I ’ve got some short and simple videos and tips here to get you face painting in about ten minutes or so , this is n’t difficult .
If you ’re looking to go into this for money , you ’ve made a good choice as , once you get good , you can actually make upwards of $ 50 an hour , especially if you ’ve got corporate clients .
Just be patient and keep at it , you do n’t necessarily need any artistic talent ( though experience with a paint brush probably helps ) to do this .
Also , it ’s actually much more difficult to screw up a full face design than it is a cheek design , so you ’re better off starting off with full face designs like lions , tigers , and clowns .
Ok , let ’s get this started , I ’ve got a full - time professional face painter here and she ’s going to specifically show you how to do a butterfly in the first video and a tiger in the second but everything she tells you can be applied to any other designs :
How to do a tiger design :
A Few Face Painting Tips
If you need to cover a large area , like if you ’re applying a base color , then just use a sponge , it ’ll be much faster than a brush , and make sure you use a different sponge for each color so you do n’t have to wash them out each time you want to use a different color ( same for brushes ) .
Allow one color to dry before applying a second –you ’re much better off applying one thin layer , letting it dry , and then applying another thin layer than just shellacking one thick layer on all at once .
Kids are n’t exactly known for their patience , so at the very least have a basic idea for the design that you want to do before you start .
The paint itself will actually function as a glue , so to make bumpy noses or big eyebrows , just dab a cotton ball in the paint , put it on the face , put a piece of tissue on it , and paint the tissue paper .
You can use puffed rice or wheat for warts , and to get a ghostly effect , just apply a light dusting of flour once you ’ve finished painting .
If you ’re just starting out and not ready for free - hand , or you just do n’t have a lot of time , then just use a stencil .
Obvious choices are things like hearts , stars , and flowers which can easily and quickly be stenciled onto a cheek .
Additional Resources and Further Reading
This is the best overall tutorial I ’ve come across , I actually know the person who wrote this and they ’ve been face painting professionally for years , plus they ’ve been teaching others how to do it for fun and business for almost as long , I highly recommend it .
Here ’s a great article called ‘ Face Painting Fun ’ that first and foremost covers what paints and supplies to buy , which I was n’t able to go into here , this should probably be your next stop .
Here ’s an excellent site that has all manner of face painting designs and how to paint them .
The Danger of Safety
Brendan Smialowski for The New York Times
In case you have n’t heard , an accident on the Washington metro claimed nine lives last week .
But then again , chances are you have heard , as the crash got wide coverage over the airwaves , on the net , and in the papers ( by my count , at least five articles appeared in The Times ) .
This is usually the case when trains or planes are involved in deadly disasters .
But what the media very rarely mention is that the carnage on our roads makes these much - hyped accidents look almost trivial .
Nine lives is nine too many , but there were 39,800 motor vehicle traffic fatalities in 2008 alone ( and that was a good year ) .
At that rate , between the time of the accident , June 22 , and the time you are reading this , on average about 1,000 Americans died on our roadways .
Yet this rarely merits a mention by the press .
Why the disparity in coverage ?
I do n’t think it has anything to do with any particular animus toward transit ; on the contrary , I personally think the press has a pretty strong pro-transit slant .
Instead , a number of factors are probably at play .
A flood of simultaneous deaths seems to titillate us more than a steady drip ( and let ’s not forget that we are being titillated here , or the media would n’t be serving these stories up ) .
There ’s probably a threshold effect at work , as a certain plateau of deaths triggers the dispatch of reporters .
Perhaps crashes involving larger vehicles are more “ photogenic . ”
And I think there is one more key dynamic .
Heavy rail ( the mode in the Washington crash ) is a lot safer than car travel ; in 2006 ( the last year for which I have data ) autos were responsible for five times more fatalities per passenger mile .
( See here for auto fatalities per year , here for transit fatalities , and here for passenger miles traveled by mode .
In 2007 and 2008 there was not a single fatal accident associated with a major commercial airline .
This year has seen 60 deaths ( most from a single crash ) , but that still makes commercial air travel vastly safer than driving .
Even in 2001 , the year of a ( hopefully ) freak disaster on 9/11 , commercial air travel had a per- passenger mile fatality rate about one eighth that of driving ( see here for air fatalities ) .
The relative rarity of air and rail disasters makes them novel , and hence news .
Car crashes bite man , and rail and air crashes bite dog .
Intensive coverage of the few air and rail accidents that do occur in turn promotes the widespread — and erroneous — inference that planes and trains are unsafe .
In an unfair irony , in transportation perhaps too much safety can be a dangerous thing .
Only luck and falling oil prices saved Washington from having to face mass bankruptcy of the airline industry last year .
Now the specter is rising again .
Fuel prices are up .
Traffic continues to plummet amid a global recession .
United Airlines last week mortgaged its spare - parts inventory to raise cash at a usurious 17 % interest rate .
Yet the Obama Justice Department has come out of the blocks trying to scuttle a promising experiment to stabilize the chronically unprofitable U.S. airline sector .
The new administration seemingly wo n't let companies fail , and wo n't let them succeed either .
The airline industry 's self - help solution has been an evolving trio of international alliances , partly blessed with " antitrust immunity " by the U.S. Department of Transportation .
One , the Star Alliance led by United and Lufthansa , is currently poaching Continental from a rival alliance , SkyTeam .
DOT was set to approve their application last week when Justice belatedly intervened with a 58 - page complaint about why the pact should be restructured .
To anyone drilled in the antitrust mindset , Justice 's argument wo n't seem outlandish .
It frets about reduced competition on this or that international route , and sees little chance of competitive entry by new carriers despite fat profits that presumably would be on offer .
It argues , in a fashion typical of antitrust these days , that nonstop flights are a market unto themselves , so connecting flights on the same routes do n't count .
But the real fulcrum is Justice 's insistence , or plea , that DOT should set a high bar for antitrust immunity , because antitrust enforcement has been such a gosh - darn boon to consumers .
At last .
At long last , there 's a real challenger to the Windows desktop , and its name is Google Chrome OS .
Why is Google Chrome OS going to be real trouble for Windows ?
After all , technically , desktop Linuxes like Fedora , openSUSE , and Ubuntu , long ago left Windows in the dust .
Mac OS X Leopard is also darn good and it and its upcoming successor , Snow Leopard , are easier to use than anything else out there .
So , what 's so special about Google Chrome OS ?
I 'll tell you .
The most important single fact you need to keep in mind is that everyone who uses a computer already knows Google , and most of them trust it .
Only PC power users know about Linux , and the ones who know what 's what about such top - Linux desktop distributions as MEPIS 8 and Mint 7 are numbered in millions compared to the hundreds of millions who know Windows .
Pretty much everyone knows
Apple , but , even as Apple has gained some desktop market share , CEO Steve Jobs has never moved from his stand that Macs are high - end PCs .
Apple builds sports cars , and it's not interested in selling you a truck , an SUV or , heaven forbid , a station wagon .
Everyone knows and can afford Google , though .
They may not know much about Google Docs , but they trust Google for their searches and many of them are already Gmail users .
You see , unlike the other alternatives to Windows , Google has the singular advantage of already being well known and well liked .
That will make all the difference in the world .
That said , here 's what else you need to know about Google Chrome OS .
It 's Linux - based .
It is not a simple presentation layer that vendors could put on top of Windows 7 .
Google will be delivering a complete desktop software stack -- Linux foundation , graphical environment , and Web - based application stack .
The whole package will be open source .
Google is n't saying which , if any , existing distribution it will be using for its foundation .
Google certainly has the chops to roll its own desktop Linux .
The desktop interface is not going to be either GNOME - or KDE - based .
I 'm told by sources , however , that it will be using the Portland Project 's desktop APIs ( application programming interfaces ) , which will allow existing Linux desktop applications like the groupware program Evolution and OpenOffice to work with Chrome OS .
That said , Chrome OS is not a traditional desktop operating system , like Google 's own desktop and device operating system , Android .
It 's a new kind of operating system that sits halfway between the old desktop operating system model and the newer idea of a Web - browser based operating system .
At first glance , the idea of a Web browser as an operating system looks silly .
It 's not .
With HTML 5's adoption , it 's functionality has made it possible for Google to create Web - based applications that can work both off and online .
Here 's how it will work in Chrome OS .
When you launch an application on the Web , say Google Docs , Chrome will use Google Gears to not only provide the ability to do work offline , but also to cache your online data in the open - source lightweight DBMS Sqlite .
As a user , you 'll never see any of this .
You 'll just find yourself doing most of your work in the Chrome browser interface .
Once Google has this working really well , you may not even be able to tell when you 're on the net and when you 're not .
I 'm told off the record by Google engineers that the goal is to make the desktop invisible .
You 'll be spending 99 % of your time in the browser .
This is n't Android , is it ?
No , this is a different take on the desktop .
Android is much more like Symbian on a smartphone or XP on a netbook .
With Chrome OS , the plan is to bring Google 's strong points , it 's unparalleled collection of Web - based applications , straight to the desktop .
This is n't the first time we 've seen this idea .
GOS ( Good OS ) used it first .
What 's different from the forthcoming Chrome OS and gOS 3.1 is the level of integration .
GOS is a Linux desktop with a lightweight interface that uses many of Google 's applications .
Chrome OS is a Linux desktop that has Google 's local infrastructure programs , like Gears and Sqlite , built in .
When will we see it ?
Vendors are already working with Google to deliver netbooks with Chrome OS by the second half of 2010 .
Ca n't wait that long ?
Do n't sweat it .
I 'm told by sources that bootable beta Chrome OS images will be available by this fall .
How much will it cost me ?
Nada .
Nothing .
This is Linux and open source .
Where Google will make its money is where it does now : online advertising and , as Chrome OS takes off in businesses , subscription fees to Google Apps .
So , for businesses , instead of spending several hundred dollars a year , on average per user , for Windows , Microsoft Office , security software , etc. , etc. , you 'll be able to pay a flat $ 50 a year per user for the whole office desktop kit and kaboodle .
Take Google 's well - known and respected name , combine it with an unbeatable price tag , toss in Linux 's unmatched security and stability , and what do you get ?
The most serious competition Windows has seen this century .
Steven J. Vaughan - Nichols has been writing about technology and the business of technology since CP / M - 80 was cutting - edge and 300 bit / sec. was a fast Internet connection -- and we liked it !
He can be reached at sjvn@vna1.com .
Astrophysicist Ragbir Bhathal works with SETI to scan the skies for possible communications from extraterrestrial intelligences .
Unlike most SETI facilities , which look for radio signals , Bhathal 's looks for laser pulses .
And now he 's found one .
Advertisement
Several years ago Bhathal , a researcher at the University of Western Sydney , suggested that a likely form of extraterrestrial communication would be laser bursts .
He set up a facility at his lab which sweeps a nearby volume of space , within about 100 light years , for laser bursts that come in a regular pattern .
Any kind of communication would likely be distinguished from background noise by coming in repeated or non-random patterns .
And a few months ago , Bhathal found the kind of regular pattern he 's been looking for .
He 's been analyzing it and seeking a repeat pattern in the same area of space ever since .
Though he 's cautious about claiming it as a genuine extraterrestrial signal , his discovery has been making local news .
Read all about it in The Australian .
Advertisement
Image copyright Lynette Cook .
Yea ,
You heard that right , Its now possible to install Google Android ( mobile based OS ) to your Laptop / Netbook .
In actual , you do n’t even have to install , it ’s as easy with this live CD method .
All you have to do is create a Live CD image of Google Android .
Update : Install Android on PC , Netbook Natively
Update 2 : Install Android Froyo on PC
Update 3 : Run Android apps on Windows
A new Project has developed that will enable you to try this new Mobile OS in a Virtual machine environment such as VirtualBox , VMWare or any other computer that could be booted of a CD or a USB stick .
It ’s been known for some time that it is possible to run Android on x86 hardware with a port for the Netbooks like Asus EEE PC appearing earlier this year , but it was very difficult until now to get Android running on other hardware or virtual machines .
The project to create a Live CD of Android is called LiveAndroid and can be found at Google Code : http://code.google.com/p/live-android/.
The project has been running for just a couple of months , but they have already achieved an image that delivers Android , with support for the mouse since their v0.2 release .
Instructions :
Step 1 .
Download the CD ISO image that has been split into two parts , which then have to be combined . ﻿
The files liveandroidv0.2.iso.001 and liveandroidv0.2.iso.002 from the project site .
On Windows , you can use PowerISO to combine the ISOs .
On Linux , you can run this command :
cat liveandroidv0.2.iso.001 liveandroidv0.2.iso.002 > liveandroidv0.2.iso
In case you have trouble doing it , check this . ﻿
Step 2 .
Now create a new “ Virtual machine ” in VirtualBox / VMWare .
Click on “ New ” and Give a name like “ Android Mobile ” , select “ Linux ” for the operating system and “ Linux 2.6 ” for the version .
When prompted for the base memory RAM size you can enter 300 MB ( 300 MB is more than what it would expect ) .
Note :
You do n’t need a virtual hard disc image for this machine , as the whole thing will run off the Live CD so when you are on the configuration page for this uncheck “ Boot Hard Disk ( Primary Master ) ” to stop VirtualBox creating any disc image .
You will be shown a warning message about bootable media after this but just click “ Continue ” .
Click “ Finish ” to complete basic set up of the virtual machine , now click on “ Display ” and check that the video memory is set to 8MB .
Step 3 .
Start the virtual machine for the first time , you will be prompted to boot from a CD image .
Select the LiveAndroid CD image that you made earlier .
You may have to Add this to the Virtual Media Manager first to make it available .
With this selected you should see that Android boots up . 🙂
Step 4 .
For some reason you get a warning about 15 % battery power left , but dismissing this gets you into the Android environment .
Navigating your way around is done with a combination of using the mouse and some special keys , these are documented here .
However I found some were different on my setup .
I have my “ host ” key ( the key that transfers control of the keyboard and mouse from the guest to the host OS and has some other functions ) on VirtualBox set up as the right windows key , so got this layout :
Arrows navigation Enter confirm Left Windows key home Escape back Menu key ( next to right Windows key ) application menu < Host Key > + F1 Console mode < Host Key > + F7 Graphical mode
n Joy Android experience !
If you need any assistance or latest tech tips , get a hold of me @geeknizer on twitter .
Lookin Beyond
It is quite interesting seeing Android running in a screen much larger than the mobile phone screens where we are more familiar with it .
Will Android become commonplace on netbooks ?
With the announcement of Chrome OS , an operating system designed to be a browser and not much else .
Maybe Chrome OS will fill a similar niche and Android will be Google ’s answer for more demanding applications .
What do you think ?
We write latest and greatest in Tech Guides , Hackintosh , Apple , iPhone , Tablets , Android , Open Source , Latest in Tech , subscribe to us@geeknizer on Twitter OR on Facebook Fanpage :
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 6.3/10 ( 3 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Rating : +1 ( from 1 vote )
As the World Health Organization raised its infectious disease alert level Wednesday and health officials confirmed the first death linked to swine flu inside U.S. borders , scientists studying the virus are coming to the consensus that this hybrid strain of influenza -- at least in its current form -- is n’t shaping up to be as fatal as the strains that caused some previous pandemics .
In fact , the current outbreak of the H1N1 virus , which emerged in San Diego and southern Mexico late last month , may not even do as much damage as the run - of - the - mill flu outbreaks that occur each winter without much fanfare .
“ Let ’s not lose track of the fact that the normal seasonal influenza is a huge public health problem that kills tens of thousands of people in the U.S. alone and hundreds of thousands around the world , ” said Dr. Christopher Olsen , a molecular virologist who studies swine flu at the University of Wisconsin School of Veterinary Medicine in Madison .
His remarks Wednesday came the same day Texas authorities announced that a nearly 2 - year - old boy with the virus had died in a Houston hospital Monday .
“ Any time someone dies , it ’s heartbreaking for their families and friends , ” Olsen said .
“ But we do need to keep this in perspective . ”
Flu viruses are known to be notoriously unpredictable , and this strain could mutate at any point -- becoming either more benign or dangerously severe .
But mounting preliminary evidence from genetics labs , epidemiology models and simple mathematics suggests that the worst - case scenarios are likely to be avoided in the current outbreak .
“ This virus does n’t have anywhere near the capacity to kill like the 1918 virus , ” which claimed an estimated 50 million victims worldwide , said Richard Webby , a leading influenza virologist at St. Jude Children ’s Research Hospital in Memphis , Tenn .
When the current virus was first identified , the similarities between it and the 1918 flu seemed ominous .
Both arose in the spring at the tail end of the flu season .
Both seemed to strike people who were young and healthy instead of the elderly and infants .
Both were H1N1 strains , so called because they had the same types of two key proteins that are largely responsible for a virus ’ ability to infect and spread .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the National Institutes of Health published genetic sequence data Monday morning of flu samples isolated from patients in California and Texas , and thousands of scientists immediately began downloading the information .
Comparisons to known killers -- such as the 1918 strain and the highly lethal H5N1 avian virus -- have since provided welcome news .
“ There are certain characteristics , molecular signatures , which this virus lacks , ” said Peter Palese , a microbiologist and influenza expert at Mt. Sinai Medical Center in New York .
In particular , the swine flu lacks an amino acid that appears to increase the number of virus particles in the lungs and make the disease more deadly .
Scientists have identified several other differences between the current virus and its 1918 predecessor , but the significance of those differences is still unclear , said Dr. Scott Layne , an epidemiologist at the UCLA School of Public Health .
Ralph Tripp , an influenza expert at the University of Georgia , said that his early analysis of the virus ’ protein - making instructions suggested that people exposed to the 1957 flu pandemic -- which killed up to 2 million people worldwide -- may have some immunity to the new strain .
That could explain why older people have been spared in Mexico , where the swine flu has been most deadly .
The swine virus does appear able to spread easily among humans , which persuaded the WHO to boost its influenza pandemic alert level to phase 5 , indicating that a worldwide outbreak of infection is very likely .
And the CDC reported on its website that “ a pattern of more severe illness associated with the virus may be emerging in the United States . ”
“ We expect to see more cases , more hospitalizations , and , unfortunately , we are likely to see more deaths from the outbreak , ” Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told reporters Wednesday on her first day at work .
But certainly nothing that would dwarf a typical flu season .
In the U.S. , between 5 % and 20 % of the population becomes ill and 36,000 people die -- a mortality rate of between 0.24 % and 0.96 % .
Dirk Brockmann , a professor of engineering and applied mathematics at Northwestern University in Evanston , Ill. , used a computer model of human travel patterns to predict how this swine flu virus would spread in the worst - case scenario , in which nothing is done to contain the disease .
After four weeks , almost 1,700 people in the U.S. would have symptoms , including 198 in Los Angeles , according to his model .
That ’s just a fraction of the county ’s thousands of yearly flu victims .
Just because the virus is being identified in a growing number of places -- including Austria , Canada , Germany , Israel , New Zealand , Spain and Britain -- does n’t mean it ’s spreading particularly quickly , Olsen said .
“ You do n’t ever find anything that you do n’t look for , ” he said .
“ Now that diagnostic laboratories and physicians and other healthcare workers know to look for it , perhaps it ’s not surprising that you ’re going to see additional cases identified . ”
And a pandemic does n’t necessarily have a high fatality rate .
Even in Mexico , the fatalities may simply reflect that hundreds of thousands of people have been infected .
Since the symptoms of swine flu are identical to those of a normal flu , there ’s no way to know how many cases have evaded government health officials , St. Jude ’s Webby said .
As the virus adapts to its human hosts , it is likely to find ways of spreading more efficiently .
But evolution also suggests it might become less dangerous , Olsen said .
“ If it kills off all its potential hosts , you reach a point where the virus ca n’t survive , ” he said .
Working to calm public fears , U.S. officials on Wednesday repeatedly stressed the statistic of yearly flu deaths -- 36,000 .
Sebelius and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano also rejected calls to close the borders , which several lawmakers reiterated Wednesday on Capitol Hill .
“ We are making all of our decisions based on the science and the epidemiology , ” Napolitano said .
“ The CDC , the public health community and the World Health Organization all have said that closing out nation ’s borders is not merited here . ”
Though scientists have begun to relax about the initial toll , they ’re considerably less comfortable when taking into account the fall flu season .
They remain haunted by the experience of 1918 , when the relatively mild first wave of flu was followed several months later by a more aggressive wave .
The longer the virus survives , the more chances it has to mutate into a deadlier form .
“ If this virus keep going through our summer , ” Palese said , “ I would be very concerned . ”
--
karen.kaplan@latimes.com
alan.zarembo@latimes.com
Staff writers Noam Levey in Washington , Thomas H. Maugh II in Los Angeles and Ken Ellingwood in Mexico City contributed to this report .
Armonk , NY - 03 Feb 2009 : The Department of Energy ’s National Nuclear Security Administration has selected Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory as the development site for two new supercomputers -- Sequoia and Dawn — and IBM as the computer ’s designer and builder .
These systems will allow for smarter simulation and negate the need for real - world weapon testing .
Under terms of the contract , Sequoia will be based on future IBM BlueGene technology , exceed 20 petaflops ( quadrillion floating operations per second ) and will be delivered in 2011 with operational deployment in 2012 .
Dawn , an initial delivery system to lay the applications foundation for multi-petaflop computing , will be based on BlueGene / P technology , reach speeds of 500 teraflops ( trillion floating operations per second ) and is scheduled for operational deployment in early 2009 .
From Wikipedia , if they are correct , here is a list of the longest novels :
Henry Darger , The Story of the Vivian Girls , in What is known as the Realms of the Unreal , of the Glandeco - Angelinnian War Storm , Caused by the Child Slave Rebellion - Illustrated fantasy novel manuscript typed single - spaced with 15,145 pages in 10 volumes .
Discovered after Darger 's death , the manuscript has never been published .
The total number of words has been estimated ; some believe this might be the longest novel ever written .
The most conservative guess will put this in the million - word realm , possibly into tens of millions .
Madeleine de Scudéry , Artamène - Published in ten volumes from 1649 – 53 .
It contains 2.1 million words .
Available online ( in French only ) at Artamene.org .
Marcel Proust , À la recherche du temps perdu- Longest conventionally - read novel .
9,609,000 characters , nearly 1.5 million words .
Holds the Guinness Book of Records title as Longest Novel .
Published in 13 volumes from 1913 to 1927 .
English translation is titled Remembrance of Things Past or In Search of Lost Time .
L. Ron Hubbard , Mission Earth - 1.2 million word .
Published 1986 to 1988 as ten volumes .
Madison Cooper , Sironia , Texas - Published 1952 .
1731 pages , originally published in two volumes .
Estimated at 1,100,000 words .
Samuel Richardson , Clarissa - Published 1748 .
First edition contains about 969,000 words .
Third edition contains some 5,500,000 characters , over one million words .
Published in nine volumes .
Conventionally regarded as the longest novel in the English language .
Anthony Powell , A Dance to the Music of Time - Published from 1951 to 1975 , as a partial tribute to Proust .
Published in 12 volumes , it is sometimes regarded as a novel sequence .
At over 1 million words , it is a contender for the longest English - language novel ever written .
Xavier Herbert , Poor Fellow My Country - Published 1975 .
At 1463 pages and 850,000 words , it is the longest Australian novel .
Marguerite Young , Miss MacIntosh , My Darling - Published 1965 .
Contains " 714,859 words on 1,198 closely printed pages . "
Courtney Thomas , Walls of Phantoms - Published 2007 .
Coming in at 629,858 words that fill 1320 pages , Walls of Phantoms - which retells the Odyssey in a modern setting - is the third - longest single - volume novel written , and perhaps the longest by an African - American .
Alexandre Dumas , père , Le Vicomte de Bragelonne , ou Dix ans plus tard - Written in 1847 .
When published in English it was usually split into three parts The Vicomte de Bragelonne , Louise de la Valliere and The Man in the Iron Mask .
Estimated at some 626,000 French words .
Alexandre Dumas , père , The Count of Monte Cristo - Completed in 1844 , and published in serialized form from 1844 - 46 , at roughly 1460 pages , it is Dumas ' longest single volume novel .
Robert Musil , The Man Without Qualities - Published in three parts , two in 1930 , the third after Musil 's death in 1941 .
Unfinished at over 1700 pages .
Vikram Seth , A Suitable Boy - Published 1993 .
1488 pages softcover .
591,552 words .
The longest conventional novel in English since Clarissa , and officially [ citation needed ] the longest novel in the English language published in a single volume .
Ayn Rand , Atlas Shrugged - Published 1957 .
565,223 words .
1274 pages .
Leo Tolstoy , War and Peace - Published from 1865 to 1869 .
Original text has some 460,000 Russian and French words .
English translation contains over 560,000 words and over 3.1 million characters ; typically over 1400 pages as a paperback .
Carl Sandburg , Remembrance Rock - Published 1948 . 532,030 words .
Victor Hugo , Les Misérables - Published 1862 .
Nearly 513,000 French words .
Unabridged French edition ( ISBN 2070102645 ) 1779 pages ( including essays ) .
Great Heights is a 3 Round Payload map , Blue push the cart up great heights into Reds Fortress
B3 IS HERE !!
FOR NEW SCREENSHOTS AND NEWS : www.triggerthis.net CHEERS FOR PLAYING AND DEALING WITH B2 FOR SO LONG ! ;)
PL GREAT HEIGHTS
----------------
Thanks for checking out Beta 3 of Great Heights .
Sorry it took a year and thanks for all your patients !
----------------
Thanks to : Flubber from CPC Servers for testing and hosting B3 iterations !
Much appreciated !
games.on.net -
Most of my playtesters came from here tf2 maps.
net - Helped on numerous occasions and an all round top notch community All 100 members of the Great Heights Playtest group on Steam , they forever shaped the outcome of Great Heights and kept my motivation high ( most times ! )
http://steamcommunity.com/groups/cpgh
---------------- ----------------
Cheers , toutfou
Scientists have debated how many mass extinction events in Earth 's history were triggered by a space body crashing into the planet 's surface .
Most agree that an asteroid collision 65 million years ago brought an end to the age of dinosaurs , but there is uncertainty about how many other extinctions might have resulted from asteroid or comet collisions with Earth .
In fact , astronomers know the inner solar system has been protected at least to some degree by Saturn and Jupiter , whose gravitational fields can eject comets into interstellar space or sometimes send them crashing into the giant planets .
That point was reinforced July 20 when a huge scar appeared on Jupiter 's surface , likely evidence of a comet impact .
New University of Washington research indicates it is highly unlikely that comets have caused any mass extinctions or have been responsible for more than one minor extinction event .
The work also shows that many long - period comets that end up in Earth - crossing orbits likely originate from a region astronomers have long believed could not produce observable comets .
A long - period comet takes from 200 years to tens of millions of years to make a single orbit of the sun .
" It was thought the long - period comets we see just tell us about the outer Oort Cloud , but they really give us a murky picture of the entire Oort Cloud , " said Nathan Kaib , a University of Washington doctoral student in astronomy and lead author of a paper on the work being published July 30 in Science Express , the online edition of the journal Science .
The Oort Cloud is a remnant of the nebula from which the solar system formed 4.5 billion years ago .
It begins about 93 billion miles from the sun ( 1,000 times Earth 's distance from the sun ) and stretches to about three light years away ( a light year is about 5.9 trillion miles ) .
The Oort Cloud could contain billions of comets , most so small and distant as to never be observed .
There are about 3,200 known long - period comets .
Among the best - remembered is Hale - Bopp , which was easily visible to the naked eye for much of 1996 and 1997 and was one of the brightest comets of the 20th century .
By comparison , Halley 's comet , which reappears about every 75 years , is perhaps the best - known comet , but it is a short - period comet , most of which are believed to originate in a different part of the solar system called the Kuiper Belt .
advertisement
It has been believed that nearly all long - period comets that move inside Jupiter to Earth - crossing trajectories originated in the outer Oort Cloud .
Their orbits can change when they are nudged by the gravity of a neighboring star as it passes close to the solar system , and it was thought such encounters only affect very distant outer Oort Cloud bodies .
It also was believed that inner Oort Cloud bodies could reach Earth - crossing orbits only during the rare close passage of a star , which would cause a comet shower .
But it turns out that even without a star encounter , long - period comets from the inner Oort Cloud can slip past the protective barrier posed by the presence of Jupiter and Saturn and travel a path that crosses Earth 's orbit .
In the new research , Kaib and co-author Thomas Quinn , a UW astronomy professor and Kaib 's doctoral adviser , used computer models to simulate the evolution of comet clouds in the solar system for 1.2 billion years .
They found that even outside the periods of comet showers , the inner Oort Cloud was a major source of long - period comets that eventually cross Earth 's path .
By assuming the inner Oort Cloud as the only source of long - period comets , they were able to estimate the highest possible number of comets in the inner Oort Cloud .
The actual number is not known .
But by using the maximum number possible , they determined that no more than two or three comets could have struck Earth during what is believed to be the most powerful comet shower of the last 500 million years .
" For the past 25 years , the inner Oort Cloud has been considered a mysterious , unobserved region of the solar system capable of providing bursts of bodies that occasionally wipe out life on Earth , " Quinn said .
" We have shown that comets already discovered can actually be used to estimate an upper limit on the number of bodies in this reservoir . "
With three major impacts taking place nearly simultaneously , it had been proposed that the minor extinction event about 40 million years ago resulted from a comet shower .
Kaib and Quinn 's research implies that if that relatively minor extinction event was caused by a comet shower , then that was probably the most - intense comet shower since the fossil record began .
" That tells you that the most powerful comet showers caused minor extinctions and other showers should have been less severe , so comet showers are probably not likely causes of mass extinction events , " Kaib said .
He noted that the work assumes the area surrounding the solar system has remained relatively unchanged for the last 500 million years , but it is unclear whether that is really the case .
It is clear , though , that Earth has benefitted from having Jupiter and Saturn standing guard like giant catchers mitts , deflecting or absorbing comets that might otherwise strike Earth .
" We show that Jupiter and Saturn are not perfect and some of the comets from the inner Oort Cloud are able to leak through .
But most don't , " Kaib said .
[ qt: http://motionograph.wpengine.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/03/civilization_final.mov 960 540 ]
Installation
Credits
Title : Civilization ( MEGAPLEX ) , 2008 By : Marco Brambilla
Client : The Standard Hotel , New York
Editor / Research Assistant : Beau Dickson
Assistant : Swapna Tamhane
Production Company : Crush , Toronto
Representation / Images Courtesy of : Christopher Grimes Gallery , Santa Monica
Marco Brambilla Directorial Representation : The Ebeling Group
Ebeling Group U.S.A .
Notes from Crush Senior Artist Sean Cochrane
We at Crush already had a previous relationship with Marco as we helped him create a piece of video art shot in a train station in Berlin and we had done post on a few commercial he ’s directed .
We love working with Marco as he is very creative and he likes to work very fast .
When new ideas are unearthed during the creative process , you have to be ready to go with him and explore those ideas or you simply do n’t keep up with him .
When he asked us to work with him on Civilization , a vision he had of taking hundreds of stock footage , movie footage and original clips and combining them to create a moving landscape depicting the ascension from hell to heaven , we knew that it was going to be huge challenge but one we were very excited about .
Marco is very gutsy and bold but also has great respect for collaboration and discovery of ideas that blossom during the process .
The project had two huge challenges .
Firstly we needed to figure out how to create content that could move with the elevator where it would ultimately be viewed .
The idea was this , when you go up in the elevator the content goes down and when you go down it goes up .
Not unlike a ride film this project was designed to be synced to the moving environment of the hotel elevators in New York .
We wanted to synchronize the footage to the movement of the elevator as best as we could .
The second challenge was creative .
What are we seeing through this ‘ elevator window ’ ?
We only really knew at the beginning that the canvas or environment would be very tall and skinny due to the physics of elevator travel and we wanted to go from a hellish landscape to a heavenly one .
We began with exploring the idea of using a game engine to house the project .
Seemed easy , map footage onto planes in space , attach a PC to the elevator and we can move up and down in the game environment all day .
Unfortunately , once we started to collage the clips together in the Flame we knew the game engine idea would n’t fly .
We approximated that we would have 250 looped HD clips in the environment and our Flame could barely handle it ( in the end it was closer to 500 looping clips ) .
We compromised by locking ourselves into the idea that we would create a huge vertical canvas that we would scan up and down on once the elevator was in motion .
The final piece was approximately 1920 x 7500 pixels .
Another technical wrinkle was more human .
Would we create motion sickness by subjecting riders on the elevator to the video art ?
To test this we shot some footage of a rising and falling landscape on a glass enclosed elevator and played back the footage on a 42 ″ plasma in a fully enclosed elevator .
Not one person in the 30 we used in the test got sick so we knew our gut check was all right .
In parallel to the technical research , Marco and his studio staff began the process of researching and collecting a vast amount of footage sampled from both mainstream and more obscure film sources .
Marco then assembled still grabs from each piece of sampled footage into photomontages , which we would review weekly while Marco ’s editor cut together a linear chronology of what the components in journey from hell to heaven may look like .
The logistical task of collecting and cataloguing all the clips involved a great deal of coordination between our producer and Marco ’s studio and stretched over a period of almost three months .
Once the material was imported into Flame we would invariably make adjustments and receive more photo - collages that would polish to make the “ video mural ” look as seamless as possible .
The clips were used in much the same way the way a painter would use a colour or texture .
We felt it was like audio sampling , using the clips as beats and timing them all to work together to create something new and original .
Marco and our team experimented in the Flame and played with the clips for about six weeks , arranging and rearranging them on the 2d canvas over and over to find the right compositions .
Most of this work was done at night because we could n’t afford to do it during prime time hours .
Not only were we playing with where on this huge canvas the clips should go , we had to consider the looping aspect of this project .
We wanted the canvas to loop once it got to the top of heaven and come right back around to hell again .
Once the canvas looped , each of the 500 clips had to be looped individually as well .
Along with colour correction , each clip required careful vari-speeding and stabilization to allow all the pieces fit together .
We ping - ponged most of the clips as to avoid any cutting on the loop points .
With all the clips treated and placed into the canvas we color corrected the entire thing as one big piece of wallpaper .
We had over a hundred ‘ power windows ’ on the piece to isolate sections and make each station gel together .
We ended up with six main stations on the canvas .
Hell , lower purgatory , middle purgatory , upper purgatory , heaven and upper heave / lower hell which was the loop point .
After all this was done we set out to redo the entire piece in 3d space !
We took each station , rendered it out as a static 2.5 minute plates and then projected those onto geometry modeled to match the stations layout .
We then had to go in and render the stations with and without most of their elements so we could achieve the proper parallax .
Essentially it was like recreating the entire project over again but with most of the guesswork taken away with the 2d final as our road map .
Once the 3d version was done , we slept .
Q&A with Marco Brambilla
Tell me how you got involved with The Standard and this project .
I work as a video artist — the owner of the Standard was familiar with my work from a show in New York .
He commissioned a video piece to be featured as a permanent installation at the new Standard hotel in New York .
Was there any type of creative brief given to you ?
They were interested in a work which could be installed in the elevators .
Other than that there was no brief — the understanding was that I would propose a work and they would either approve it or I would come up with another approach .
How did you come up with the concept for this art installation ?
The idea of doing a “ video mural ” had interested me for quite some time and the journey from hell to heaven depicted in this way seemed to be a good fit .
How did you approach this project ?
The first phase was the longest and most involved because it was all about researching and then sampling the film clips .
I then put together both a chronological video sequence of the “ journey ” from hell to heaven and “ Photoshopped ” collages using still images to create the composition .
These elements were then brought to the people at Crush to translate this into motion using the video clips as loops .
There was a great deal of trial and error involved at this stage and I was constantly making adjustments as we proceeded through the final composition to ensure the moving composite would be as seamless as possible .
Were there any challenges ?
I do n’t think anything like this had been done before so the technique was being refined as the content was being assembled .
This could not have been done without an intimate collaborate with Crush at every stage since ; there were so many variables to deal with simultaneously .
Tell me how it will be used in The Standard , NY
It will playback on a high - definition monitor which will be seen through a viewing port in each of the elevators at the hotel and move according to the direction of the elevator .
Haskell Package Version Tracker
Last update : Thu Mar 21 04:03:17 UTC 2019
This is created by hptv , written by Joachim Breitner .
At the moment it is updated automatically every night .
I do n’t know why , but a felt representation of a beloved gaming platform designed as a case for my current most - beloved gaming platform ?
Just makes me sigh .
Is n’t it dreamy ?
Etsy via iPhone Savior via Gizmodo
Launching a tour to promote " Explore Adoption Day " in Florida , Gov. Charlie Crist is now signaling he may be open to allowing gays the right to adopt .
Currently Florida and Arkansas are the only two states that expressly forbid gay couples from adopting , while other states do create unnecessary hurdles for couples seeking to adopt .
" Now a candidate for U.S. Senate , Crist hinted today that he might support lifting the ban .
At first , Crist said it would be the Legislature 's responsibility to change the law .
When pressed on whether he would support the effort , Crist said , " I 'd have to think about it " ( Tallahassee ) .
Please urge the governor to support repealing the adoption ban , let him know that the science is in and children of gay couples do just as well as those raised by heterosexuals , and some reports indicate that they may be more open minded to diversity .
The ACLU and advocates of ending the adoption ban are receiving this as positive news by a governor who up until now said he opposes gay adoption and supports the existing ban .
Office of Governor Charlie CristState of FloridaThe Capitol400 S. Monroe St. Tallahassee , FL 32399-0001 Email : Charlie.Crist@MyFlorida.com
Executive Office of the Governor Switchboard : ( 850 ) 488-7146
At Allen & Co. 's Sun Valley media mogul retreat last year , Yahoo's ( YHOO ) then - CEO Jerry Yang got caught in an embarrassing position : Photographed with his head down on a table , sitting next to Google cofounders Sergey Brin and Larry Page .
This was in the heat of the Microsoft - Yahoo - Google deal drama , after Yahoo and Google announced their search deal but before the Feds squashed it .
Anyway , the odds of a similar disaster this year are much smaller .
First , because if Jerry 's there at all , it 's to goof around and not negotiate any deals .
And second , because photographers are -- in the FT's Ken Li's words -- " kenneled into one area " this year beyond the duck pond at Sun Valley .
" Lunchtime for the moguls by the duck pond , " the WSJ's Julia Angwin tweets .
" Photogs used to be allowed to shoot through the bushes , but not this years . "
Photo : Reuters
( Disclosure : Allen & Co. is an investor in The Business Insider . )
The device is the brainchild of DK Ahn , a designer and graduate of London 's Royal College of Arts .
She hopes that MOW can help people reuse materials at home , and avoid the current supply chain required to bring products to consumers .
Fast Company remains a bit skeptical about whether people will jump onboard with that agenda , but adds that MOW could take advantage of many good designs which are already flat - pack .
BANGALORE : Nandan M Nilekani , who was appointed as head of Unique Identification Authority of India ( UIAI ) pn Monday said the government would take steps to end ID card duplication leading to fraud and create a network of verification and authentication .
" The UIAI would create a centralised , national database of Indian residents , " the former Infosys co-chairman told reporters here after meeting Karnataka Chief Minister B S Yeddyurappa , who felicitated him on his new assignment .
The key issue was to ensure that there were no duplicates , he said .
" ... the big problem today with identity is that many systems have lot of duplicates which lead to fraud , " he said .
The idea is to use bio-metric , fingerprints or whatever to make sure that people have a unique number .
The UIAI would then create a national network of verification so that " people can verify that somebody is who he claims he is , " he said .
Nilekani parried questions on immediate key challenges for UIAI , saying , " First I have to go and find an office . "
On the timeline to complete the project , he said , " Let me go and take stock of the situation . "
The UIAI would create a national authentication and enrollment capability and an identity system , an " infrastructure " on which Centre , state governments and private sector can have " value added applications " , he said .
Giving an example , he said , a state seeking to implement a scheme can use this database to identify beneficiaries .
Land of the Lost is the latest cinematic attempt to combine science fiction and comedy .
What are the classic films Land of the Lost must defeat to take its place among the greatest science fiction comedies ?
Here 's our list .
Advertisement
10 . Spaceballs
Advertisement
The Particulars :
Mel Brooks 's Star Wars parody is from his later , weaker period , and it lacks some of the wit and inspiration that made Blazing Saddles and Young Frankenstein classics .
Neither Bill Pullman's Han Solo character nor Daphne Zuniga 's Princess Leia are particularly memorable , placing most of the comedic responsibilities on the rest of the cast .
Luckily , the supporting players are more than up to the challenge .
Brooks roped in two SCTV powerhouses , John Candy and Rick Moranis , to play the Chewbacca and Darth Vader roles , and these two are crucial to the film 's success .
Candy 's
Barf is about as lovable as any half - man / half - dog ( he 's his own best friend ) possibly could be , providing Spaceballs with the bare minimum of emotional investment needed for it to be more than a string of hit - or - miss comedic setpieces .
Still , it 's the villains , including Moranis 's Dark Helmet , Brooks 's President Skroob , and George Wyner 's Colonel Sandurz , who consistently steal the show .
Moranis is particularly inspired as the least likely person to play the galaxy 's greatest villain , and the fact that he plays the part as though it's any other Rick Moranis role gets funnier with each passing scene .
The film 's constant willingness to break the fourth wall does n't necessarily make for the most satisfying narrative , but it does provide some fantastic gags , as we 'll see below .
Advertisement
Spaceballs is far from perfect , but it established many of the conventions that would dominate future space opera parodies , and it represents a comedy legend 's one great attempt to take on the science fiction genre .
For that alone , it earns a place on our list .
The Visual Evidence :
Also worth checking out :
If you 're looking for an even sillier parody of Star Wars , look no further than Hardware Wars .
If you 're looking for something of the unintentionally hilarious variety , I 'd recommend Starcrash , the highly unauthorized Italian remake of Star Wars that may or may not star Christopher Plummer and David Hasselhoff .
( It totally does . )
Advertisement
9. Mystery Men
The Particulars :
Advertisement
The film flopped on its initial release , providing yet more evidence that , as a general rule , big budget comedies just do n't do very well at the box office .
For all its pyrotechnics , Mystery Men is really just an alternative comedy with surprising insight into the superhero genre .
If I 'm being honest , Mystery Men probably does a better job deconstructing superhero conventions than the Watchmen movie does .
It helps that almost everyone is perfectly cast .
It 's hard to imagine anyone better suited than William H. Macy for the straightforward family man the Shoveler , Hank Azaria for the wannabe British fop the Blue Raja , Greg Kinnear for the narcissistic sellout Captain Amazing , Ben Stiller for the irritable asshole Mr. Furious , or Geoffrey Rush for the ludicrously over - the - top supervillain Casanova Frankenstein .
The only real misstep is Paul Reubens as the Spleen , but I suppose that 's because he 's just a little too convincingly creepy .
Advertisement
Better than any other superhero movie I 've seen , Mystery Men captures what it means to have a city full of costumed heroes and villains , a concept it exploits to hilarious effect .
The superhero tryouts really hit upon the absurdity of D - list superheroes , the discussions of whether Captain Amazing is really Lance Hunt ( which is impossible , because Lance Hunt wears glasses and Captain Amazing does n't ) make it difficult to ever take the Clark Kent concept seriously ever again , and the climactic fight sequence manages to brilliantly use every last one of the heroes ' lame powers .
Plus , Michael Bay cameos as a douche bag henchman .
Sounds about right .
The Visual Evidence :
Also worth checking out :
The Specials , starring the always awesome Thomas Haden Church and Paget Brewster , came out around the same time as Mystery Men and is its low - budget equivalent .
It may lack the action of Mystery Men , but that just allows the film more time to develop its oddball cast of characters .
The recent Sky High is actually a pretty decent movie , grafting a lot of good jokes onto what could have been a lame kid's movie ( supporting turns from the likes of Kurt Russell , Lynda Carter , and Bruce Campbell certainly help ) .
And of course there 's always The Incredibles , which is n't exactly a comedy but is always worth watching .
Advertisement
8. Army of Darkness / Shaun of the Dead
Advertisement
The Particulars :
I 'm probably stretching things a bit to consider these films science fiction .
( I 'll count Army of Darkness because there 's time travel and a Day the Earth Stood Still reference , and Shaun of the Dead makes it , because the zombies might have been caused by a meteorite , which is sort of like science . )
As such , I 'll just combine these two brilliant horror comedies into one entry and say that , together , they just about add up to one science fiction comedy .
And why not ?
Advertisement
The debate as to whether Evil Dead 2 or Army of Darkness is the better film will likely rage on into eternity , but I think it 's fairly clear where I stand .
Casting aside the last shreds of seriousness seen in Evil Dead 2 , Army of Darkness is nonstop badass quips and undead slapstick .
That 's a winning combination right there , and Bruce Campbell has never been better than he is here .
Meanwhile , nobody puts more time and effort into their comedies these days than Edgar Wright and Simon Pegg ( Hot Fuzz might be the most intricately constructed comedy I 've ever seen ) .
Shaun of the Dead is no exception , taking the relatively mundane idea of a zombie comedy and adding onto it a dense web of callbacks and subtle visual gags that demand repeat viewings .
It 's also just a funny , eminently quotable movie , with Nick Frost 's Ed getting all the best lines .
Although I still do n't see the point of owning a car in London .
Advertisement
The Visual Evidence :
Also worth checking out :
For more Bruce Campbell goodness , look no further than Evil Dead 2 .
If you must look slightly further , then check out Bubba Ho - Tep , where Campbell plays an aging Elvis Presley in a nursing home who teams up with a black JFK to fight a mummy .
It 's as awesome as it sounds .
Fans of Shaun of the Dead should definitely give Wright and Pegg 's series Spaced a try .
It 's not science fiction , but it 's one of the most proudly geeky series ever made .
Advertisement
7. Groundhog Day
The Particulars :
Advertisement
It 's easy to forget how committed this film is to its time loop premise .
Bill Murray is funny enough that I 'd gladly watch a film about him as an asshole weatherman even if he was n't trapped reliving the same day for an unspecified span of time .
( Director Harold Ramis once said it was thousands of years , but the official word now seems to favor about ten years . )
The fact that the film keeps coming up with new takes on its premise is what elevates it to the heights of science fiction comedy .
Murray 's repeated attempts to woo Andie MacDowell , each day slightly modifying his behavior so that he can give her exactly what she wants , is one of the best examples of what makes Groundhog Day so good .
On the one hand , it 's simply a funny idea , as the callbacks and repetition mount and build up comic momentum .
But the film also wonders about what it really means to live a life without consequences , as by his hundredth attempt Murray is n't even bothering to hide his preparations for his next attempt , fully aware no one will remember his sleaziness .
Advertisement
The film is also refreshingly willing to tackle darker territory .
Murray 's attempt to save a homeless man are positively heartbreaking , and there 's real pathos in a nurse 's observation that this is simply his time .
His ultimate despair and repeated attempts to kill himself are funny in the bleakest , grimmest way possible , but they 're part of the reason the film 's eventual happy ending feels so richly deserved .
The Visual Evidence :
Also worth checking out :
There 's at least one other Bill Murray / Harold Ramis science fiction collaboration I can think of that 's worth watching , but I can't quite remember the name .
Maybe it'll occur to me later in the list .
Advertisement
6. Tremors
Advertisement
The Particulars :
Of all the homages to fifties monster movies , Tremors was one of the first and it 's still the best .
Kevin Bacon and Fred Ward make a wonderfully stupid , profane pair as they try to evade the massive earthworms that have come to devour their desert town .
The other twelve residents of Perfection , Nevada , are just as fun to watch , with the survivalist couple and their well - armored rec room a particular highlight .
Advertisement
The film reverently captures the charm of old monster movies without resorting to cheap parody for laughs .
Instead , the humor comes from exploring how actual people might react to being attacked by fifty - foot earthworms , and the results are pretty damn hilarious .
The gloriously terrible special effects are also part of the appeal of Tremors - if , as is sadly inevitable , they ever remake Tremors , I can only hope the Graboids do n't make the leap to CGI .
Some things really ought to be sacred .
The Visual Evidence :
Also worth checking out :
Slither is a much more recent homage to this kind of movie , and it has the added advantage of starring Nathan Fillion .
For more cult eighties movies , there 's always The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across The Eighth Dimension , which is sort of paying homage to every film ever made .
Advertisement
5. Ghostbusters
The Particulars :
Advertisement
Oh yeah , this is the Murray / Ramis film I was thinking of .
The special effects in Ghostbusters have n't necessarily stood the test of time , but the movie 's enduring themes of " Who you gonna call ? " and not being afraid of no ghosts have kept it relevant well into the 21st century .
Day Aykroyd has always struck me in interviews as being far more interested in the paranormal than any normal person should be .
( It 's possible his claims that he sincerely believes we will soon be visited by ghosts are all part of an elaborate joke , but if so , that is some serious commitment to a bit . )
Either way , his and Harold Ramis 's complete belief in the seriousness of the ghostly threat lends the film some much - needed authenticity .
The rest of the cast , including Sigourney Weaver , Rick Moranis , Annie Potts , and Ernie Hudson , all get their moments to bring the funny , and nobody wastes their opportunity .
Advertisement
Still , this is pretty much completely Bill Murray 's movie .
Legend once had it that he did n't even read the script , instead electing to ad - lib all of his lines .
That 's since been denied by pretty much everyone involved , but his hilariously natural , seemingly off - the - cuff readings make it easy to see why the rumor took hold in the first place .
Besides , he really made me rethink the wisdom of strapping an unlicensed particle accelerator to my back , and that 's really just a public service .
The Visual Evidence :
Also worth checking out :
Whatever you may have heard , Ghostbusters II is a pretty decent film and worth checking out , if only for Cheech Marin 's random cameo ( his one line is still stuck in my head years after I first saw the movie ) .
The eighties was something of a golden age of science fiction comedies , and there are no shortage of other movies to check out , including Weird Science , Short Circuit , and Earth Girls Are Easy .
Advertisement
4. Star Trek IV : The Voyage Home
Advertisement
The Particulars :
It 's the rare science fiction franchise that has the guts to make one of its big - budget movies into a fish - out - of - water comedy , but that 's exactly what Star Trek does here .
I 'm not sure anyone would have guessed the series would have concluded the loose trilogy begun in Wrath of Khan with a lighthearted time travel story about saving humpback whales in eighties San Francisco , and I really doubt anyone would have guessed such a movie would end up being one of the best Star Trek movies .
Advertisement
It helps that the entire cast has so completely grown into their roles .
William Shatner is legitimately good as Captain Kirk here , and he displays a newfound willingness to not take himself seriously that would serve him well in pretty much all of his future roles .
Leonard Nimoy , who also directed the film , is appropriately spacey as the recently resurrected Spock ( though that also might have something to do with all the LDS he took during the sixties ) .
The always brilliant DeForrest Kelley adds another dimension to their adventures in the past as McCoy angrily surveys the state of 20th century medicine .
Then there 's Uhura and Chekov 's attempt to find the nuclear vessels in Alameda , which takes the form of an amusingly unrehearsed scene where they ask real passersby in San Francisco where the ships are .
Speaking of nuclear vessels , it 's quite possible that , without this film , Chekov 's inability to pronounced his v's would never have taken on such legendary status .
And there are few things quite as enjoyable as watching Scotty wrangle with a primitive Apple computer .
Advertisement
The Visual Evidence :
Also worth checking out :
The two Star Trek fans in Free Enterprise are way too insufferable for their own good , but the film is worthwhile if only because William Shatner takes his capacity for self - parody to its logical conclusion .
In this case , that conclusion is a rap interpretation of Julius Caesar where he plays all the parts .
Advertisement
3. Sleeper
The Particulars :
Advertisement
Woody Allen only once turned his attention to the science fiction genre , but it was more than enough to show he knew what he was doing .
Supposedly a " wildly distorted " adaptation of When the Sleeper Wakes by H.G. Wells , Allen 's story hits upon pretty much every science fiction trope that does n't involve space .
From cryogenics to dystopias to changing sexual mores to slapstick robots - it's all here , and it 's all hysterical .
The decision to freeze his character in 1973 and awaken him in the 22nd century was undoubtedly part of the movie 's success , as it would have been impossible to believe such a staid , repressive future society could ever create an oddball like Allen 's trademark character .
Besides ,
Allen 's unique status allows him to return to similar territory he tackled in Bananas , as he becomes the world 's unlikeliest revolutionary .
Advertisement
Although Allen 's turn as a robotic butler and the orgasmatron are justly famous , perhaps the film 's best running gag is Allen 's willingness to wildly fabricate 20th century history .
He calmly agrees with a historian that sportscaster Howard Cosell was used to punish political prisoners , he tells Diane Keaton that giving guns to criminals was considered a public service , and he claims that Bela Lugosi was the mayor of New York .
I wish I could get cryogenically frozen , if only so that I could get the chance to make up historical " facts " half as good as those .
The Visual Evidence :
Also worth checking out :
Mike Judge 's Idiocracy tackles a lot of the same material , although the dystopian elements of Sleeper are replaced with a more straightforward brand of dumbassery .
Advertisement
2. Galaxy Quest
Advertisement
The Particulars :
Galaxy Quest is a rare trifecta : it 's a great science fiction comedy , it 's a brilliant comedy about science fiction , and it actually works as a pretty decent science fiction film in its own right .
The film never loses sight of its parody of Star Trek 's most cliched tropes or its affectionate skewering of the various neuroses of the has - been actors , and it's a tribute to Galaxy Quest 's comic dexterity that it perfectly balances both threads .
It 's also about a million times better than any film starring Tim Allen should be .
Advertisement
Admittedly , some of that is down to his supporting cast .
Alan Rickman long ago passed the point where he was even capable of turning in a bad performance , and here he actually has good material to work with as a seriously tortured British thespian who absolutely despises his catchphrase .
The movie 's deconstruction of science fiction would n't have seemed quite so definitive if Sigourney Weaver had n't been involved , and she shows even more comedic chops here than she did in Ghostbusters .
Tony Shalhoub and Sam Rockwell get tremendous comic mileage out of the latter 's existential angst over whether he's the doomed extra or the plucky comic relief , maybe the film 's best bit of sustained meta-comedy .
Even so , one should n't dismiss Tim Allen 's contribution just because the rest of his filmography is so full of , well , total crap ( the Toy Story movies excepted , of course ) .
More than any other recent actor , Allen captures all that was so distinctive about William Shatner : the hamminess , the bravado , the willingness to turn in terrible performances in terrible films .
Advertisement
It 's an open question whether a better actor could have so fully inhabited the Captain Kirk role ; in fact , I might go so far as to say he was perfect for the role .
Considering the stories that Allen " purposefully " tried to replicate Shatner 's legendary dickishness and prima donna tendencies on set , I 'd say he knew that too .
Whatever works , I guess .
Advertisement
The Visual Evidence :
Also worth checking out :
There 's plenty of other Star Trek parodies out there , but I do n't think any will ever top the Futurama episode " Where No Fan Has Gone Before . "
Or , for that matter , any episode with Zapp Brannigan , who Matt Groening has described as 40 % Kirk , 60 % Shatner .
Advertisement
1. Back to the Future
The Particulars :
Advertisement
Quite simply , there 's never been a more complete science fiction comedy .
It 's legitimately interested in the mechanics of time travel , placing a time paradox at the heart of the film 's central conflict .
The film never backs away from the admittedly creepy comedic potential of a mother unwittingly falling in love with her time traveling son , and the film 's exploration of Marty McFly 's culture shock and unwitting anachronisms hilariously climaxes in rocking out just a little too hard at his parents ' dance .
Back to the Future also respects the rest of the science fiction genre , as can be seen in Marty 's brilliant disguise as Darth Vader , extraterrestrial from the planet Vulcan .
Michael J.
Fox plays the kind of likable , active protagonist I still do n't understand why we no longer see in comedies .
Christopher Lloyd's Doc Brown might just be the definitive mad scientist in modern film , and it's hard to imagine a more perfect bully than Thomas F. Wilson 's Biff .
Lea Thompson is cute and hilarious as Marty 's mom , and Crispin Glover dials down his total insanity to steal the film as George McFly .
Advertisement
I 'd keep going , but I think I need to go rewatch Back to the Future now .
Sadly , there 's very little of the film on YouTube , so the trailer will have to do .
The Visual Evidence :
Also worth checking out :
Why , Back to the Future Part II and Part III , of course .
The first sequel might be the best pure science fiction of the bunch ( though it 's not as funny as the original ) , while the third is basically a payoff for all the running gags set up in the first two movies by doing them all over again in the old West .
Which is , to be honest , kind of brilliant .
Astronauts could travel to an asteroid inside the Orion crew capsule that NASA is developing for moon missions , according to a previous NASA study ( Illustration : NASA / JAXA )
A committee reviewing NASA ’s goals has outlined a scheme to send astronauts on progressively longer space trips – including dockings with asteroids and flybys of Venus – to prepare for an eventual landing on Mars .
The White House set up the committee , chaired by former Lockheed Martin CEO Norman Augustine , to review NASA ’s plans for human spaceflight , which are currently focused on returning astronauts to the moon by 2020 .
It is examining NASA ’s current plans and exploring alternative destinations and hardware that NASA could pursue .
Committee member Edward Crawley of MIT presented a short list of possible destinations for future human missions at a public meeting on Thursday in Cocoa Beach , Florida .
He is the head of a subcommittee that is investigating options for exploration beyond low - Earth orbit .
Advertisement
One of the options the team proposed is called the “ flexible path ” , which Crawley also described as a “ deep space ” or “ in space ” option .
It would see astronauts sent on a series of progressively longer missions beyond low - Earth orbit .
The first would fly by the moon .
Later missions would include rendezvousing with one or more of the many asteroids on orbits that take them close to Earth .
Asteroid missions would take several months each .
Later , astronauts could fly by Mars and Venus , and touch down on Mars ’s 27 - kilometre - wide moon Phobos .
Each of these missions would take more than a year .
Long missions
Crawley argued that this kind of activity would help pave the way for eventual human missions to the Martian surface .
Preparing for such missions requires gaining more experience in operating on the surface of bodies beyond Earth , Crawley said .
But it may actually be more critical to gain experience with long - duration space missions far from Earth , which human missions to Mars would require , he said .
“ It is true we need to gain experience exploring planetary surfaces , but in fact we ’ve done some of that , ” he said at the meeting .
“ There have been six piloted missions to the moon and we have a robust robotic programme that explores planetary surfaces .
What we actually have almost no experience at all with is operations in deep space . ”
Such missions would require learning how to deal with the hazard of space radiation , he said .
Exposure to energetic charged particles from the solar wind and sources outside the solar system could put astronauts on lengthy missions at increased risk of cancer and even cognitive problems .
Spacecraft in low - Earth orbit , such as the shuttle and the International Space Station , are protected from these particles by the Earth ’s magnetic field , but astronauts travelling farther afield would not benefit from this protection .
Flyby spacecraft
An advantage of the stepwise approach is that the difficult job of building landers and surface equipment could be deferred , since early missions would be restricted to flybys or rendezvousing with small objects that have negligible gravity – a process that would resemble docking with another spacecraft .
Although Crawley did not give a specific year by which the first human mission to an asteroid could occur , he said it could happen within six years of starting a project to accomplish this goal .
The other options on the subcommittee ’s shortlist were :
• Mars first : Cancel the return to the moon and focus on sending humans to Mars instead .
• Lunar global :
Have astronauts land in many different places on the moon ’s surface , with the option of eventually building a lunar outpost , but focus on doing things there that really help prepare the way for human Mars missions .
In one version of this option , hardware would be designed from the beginning to be used on Mars , with the moon missions serving to test it .
• Continue with the current plan , which aims to return astronauts to the moon by 2020 and eventually build a permanent lunar base .
Meeting the 2020 deadline would presumably require an increase to NASA ’s budget .
• Continue with the current plan , but keep within the budget currently expected for NASA by slowing the schedule .
• Continue with the current plan , but cancel the Ares I rocket designed to put a crew capsule in low - Earth orbit .
In this case , NASA would build only the more powerful Ares V rocket , which is capable of sending crew and cargo to the moon .
Members of the subcommittee said the list was preliminary , and want to study the options further before making recommendations to the full committee .
Even then , the full committee could choose to make changes before it submits its final report to NASA and the White House by 31 August .
Cost estimates
Panel member Bohdan Bejmuk , a former manager of space shuttle - related work at the aerospace company Boeing , said he was excited by the options Crawley proposed , but wondered how affordable they would be .
“ I ’m thinking , ‘ God what is this going to cost ? ’
Seriously , I ’m thinking half a trillion dollars for some of the stuff you ’re talking about . ”
No cost estimates were provided during the meeting .
Crawley ’s subcommittee also came out strongly in favour of creating fuel depots in space as a way to facilitate exploration beyond low - Earth orbit .
Without fuel depots , rockets heading for the moon or beyond must be powerful enough to haul up all the fuel they need from Earth ’s surface , in addition to any useful payload they intend to carry .
That means only very large and expensive rockets can carry out human missions to the moon .
But smaller , cheaper rockets could get the job done if they could fuel up in low - Earth orbit before continuing to their final destination .
The fuel could be delivered to the depots by relatively small rockets – a process that advocates say would provide a market to stimulate commercial development of new and perhaps cheaper launch vehicles .
The Augustine committee has been asked to present an array of options in its final report , rather than endorse a single plan for NASA ’s future human spaceflight activities .
A 15 - year - old San Jose girl whose claim that she was kidnapped set off a dramatic rescue scene at San Leandro Home Depot on Sunday confessed to police later that night that she lied about the abduction .
San Jose police spokesman Jermaine Thomas said the teen was a runaway and did n’t want to get in trouble for taking off with a 28 - year - old man .
“ She did n’t want to get in trouble because she was seeing someone who she was n’t supposed to be seeing , ” he said .
The girl was first reported missing Saturday .
She led police to believe she was kidnapped in San Jose , then pretended she was being held against her will while at a Home Depot the next day .
As store employees stepped in to assist the teen , the alleged suspect , reportedly armed with a knife , fled toward Interstate 880 , according to San Leandro police .
He was found hiding in nearby bushes and arrested .
San Jose police said a missing - person report was filed Saturday but that the teen had been missing since Friday .
The teen and the adult male were still being questioned late Sunday .
Family court judges are misguidedly harming children by granting sole custody to one parent – usually the mother – in bitter divorce battles , says a comprehensive new report .
Too many children are being " robbed of the love of one parent " by a legal system that is out of touch with the needs of children and treats them like property to be won or lost , says Edward Kruk , an expert on child custody issues .
" The system is set up to polarize parents , to make them enemies , to set up fights over custody and exacerbate conflict rather than reduce it , " says Kruk , an associate professor of social work at the University of British Columbia , whose three - year study is now in the hands of Canada 's justice minister .
He calls what 's happening in Canada 's divorce courts " a national shame " that leaves families bankrupt from legal fees and pushing parents , especially fathers , to suicide .
Especially devastating are the long - term effects of court orders that essentially cut one parent out of children 's lives – usually the dad – in a misguided effort to foster peace between warring parents , the report says .
Citing a host of North American studies , Kruk 's report points to the long - term dangers :
Some 85 per cent of youth in prison are fatherless ; 71 per cent of high school dropouts grew up without fathers , as did 90 per cent of runaway children .
Fatherless youth are also more prone to depression , suicide , delinquency , promiscuity , drug abuse , behavioural problems and teen pregnancy , warns the 84 - page report , a compilation of dozens of studies around divorce and custody , including some of his own research over the past 20 years .
" Parent - child bonds are formed through daily routines – preparing breakfast , taking the child to school , having dinner , getting ready for bed .
Without that , it 's very difficult for parents to have any real connection with their kids , " Kruk said in a telephone interview from B.C. " It 's so destructive for children to have a loving parent removed from their lives . "
The effects of divorce on kids are now so well documented , significantly more couples separating today are opting for " equal shared parenting " – voluntary custody arrangements in which the children live with each parent roughly half the time , says Kruk .
While a landmark federal study , For the Sake of the Children , recommended that approach back in 1998 and it has since been adopted by other countries , including Australia , it 's still rarely used by Canadian judges and needs to be made law , except where there are extenuating circumstances , such as domestic violence or mental health issues that make one parent unfit , says Kruk .
Instead , most judges still rely on a " winner takes all " approach in custody battles .
In some three - quarters of cases , judges grant sole custody to mothers , believing that it 's impossible for warring parents to make shared custody work , Kruk 's report finds .
That 's despite a growing body of research that shows animosity and even physical violence can increase " significantly " when one parent has sole control , says the report , Child Custody , Access and Parental Responsibility : The Search for a Just and Equitable Standard .
Even court - ordered " joint custody " is really a misnomer , Kruk 's report shows .
In fact , the non-custodial parent – usually the father – ends up with just a few days a month ( typically every second weekend and every Wednesday ) with the children .
While research shows even that minimal sharing of time actually forces warring parents to lay down their arms and work together on " parenting plans " that work best for each of them and their kids , says Kruk , it makes it far more difficult for the non-custodial parent to develop a strong bond with their kids .
Research has shown that women and men work comparable amounts of time outside the home and now devote almost the exact amount of time – 11.1 hours a week and 10.5 hours a week respectively – to child care , with men playing a key role in their children 's upbringing , says Kruk .
Yet divorce lawyers openly tell fathers not to waste their time and money seeking equal custody , unless they can prove the mother is unfit .
All of which gives one parent a huge psychological advantage over the other , and incentive to fight to the death – in some cases actually alienating the kids from the other spouse – to win what comes to be seen as their " property , " says Kruk .
But there are signs even mothers are at risk , Kruk warns .
He 's now studying 14 Vancouver - area women who have lost custody of their kids to their ex-husbands , in some cases because fathers argued that demanding careers kept the women away from home too much .
Surprisingly , those women are now teaming up with fathers ' right groups to push for legislation making equal , shared parenting the norm .
" No court order can make people get along , " says Justice Harvey Brownstone who wrote the book Tug of War on divorce in Canada .
He has seen cases over the past 14 years in which courts imposed shared parenting , only to have one parent refuse to take the child to his hockey game or administer medication as a way to make their viewpoint known to the ex-spouse .
" Parents who are hell - bent on undermining each other 's relationship with the child will inevitably find a way to create conflict , which most often results in further litigation , which in turn prolongs the child 's exposure to a parental tug of war . "
More :
Parental alienation syndrome leaves bruises deep inside
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
How to deal with ' toxic ' parents
Patience of Job and wisdom of Solomon
Erik Naggum ( 1965-2009 ) RIP 2009-06-20
Today , I learned that Erik Naggum had been found dead .
I have been a regular on a local IRC channel with Erik for years , and it was only last night we started obsessing about his absence , which was getting to be longer than usual .
He was liable to disappear for short periods , but since we knew his medical condition was rather bad ( he had recently been hospitalized as well ) , a call was placed to his closest family , as well as the authorities .
Interesting quirk :
If you call the police to report a concern like this , get someone who lives far away to make the call .
Their take is that if you ca n’t be bothered to drive over yourself , it ca n’t be that important .
However , I digress , since this likely would have made no difference in this case .
This morning , he was found dead in his apartment .
I do n’t know the exact cause of death , but it is not unlikely to be a complication related to his long - time tormentor ulcerative colitis ( UC ) , which is definitely something you do n’t want to be diagnosed with .
I did n’t count myself among Erik ’s closest friends , and I had n’t actually seen him in person for years .
However , every time I did meet him , he struck me as very friendly and sociable , maybe surprisingly so if you only knew him from his infamous usenet posts .
His virtual persona on our channel was sort of a mix : Sometimes confrontational , most of the time sociable and pleasant , but always interesting .
His puns were lethal , even in an intensely competitive punning environment such as ours .
And come confrontation time , what biblical proportions of hell he could raise .
He is the only person I could imagine deploying IRC protocol weaknesses to hold the entire channel hostage over a disagreement on character sets .
I ’m not kidding , either .
Obsessive and intense at times , yes , but somehow never remotely irrational , and always interesting , challenging and educational , if you only had the time to sit yourself down and follow him through line after line ( IRC is a line - oriented medium ) of intricately woven reasoning .
Which I did n’t always have , unfortunately .
Following Erik was naturally time - consuming , I think , because the reality he talked about , as he understood it , was very complex and deep .
Of course , I also regret not having met him more often in person .
But , again , his condition did not help here .
He did talk about code he was working on , relating to relational algebra , relational databases ( my last Erik firestorm came down on me when I made a jibe at overuse of rdbms ’es for business logic – oh boy ! ) and sequel - like queries for system management .
I think it ’s safe to say some effort will be made to salvage whatever legacy rests here .
He will be sorely missed by all of us , and some undefinable quality of ( virtual ) life on our channel will probably never return .
In a rather macabre twist , his client is still active on the channel at the time of writing , and will probably time out soon .
This is some new form of death that our generation , inventors of virtual life , have brought with us like a nasty side - effect , brewing up trouble in some left - behind code .
As they warned us in a certain tv show that we both loved : magic always has consequences .
Dealing with them comes soon enough .
Baby got Barack !
The leader of the free world and his French counterpart were caught sneaking a peek at a the pink - satin - draped booty of a 17 - year - old junior G - 8 delegate just moments before the summit ’s official group photo was snapped in Italy today .
Obama was n’t the only head of state getting Yankee Doodle randy .
The president got a show of support for his stimulus package from French President Nicolas Sarkozy — whose wandering eyes also could n’t help but take in the view .
The beauty who prompted the president to channel his inner Bill Clinton was identified as Rio de Janeiro resident Mayara Tavares .
The girl from Ipanema had been selected to attend a meeting of young people held in conjunction with the summit .
While Obama and Sarkozy were playing , their wives were enduring an awkward time .
The summit host , Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , was recently ditched by his wife because of a sex scandal , throwing social events for spouses into chaos .
 With Post Wire Services
todd.venezia@nypost.com
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Virgin and Universal have signed a deal that will give the ISP 's customers access to " unlimited " music .
For a monthly fee , Virgin 's broadband customers will be able to download or stream as many MP3 files as they want .
As part of the deal , Virgin has pledged to aggressively police usage to stop the MP3 tracks turning up on file - sharing networks .
Virgin said it was in talks to add other music firms ' back catalogues to the service .
Gradual response
The service is due to be launched before Christmas 2009 .
Virgin has not said how much the service will cost every month .
But it said it could be comparable to the cost of a couple of albums a month .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Virgin said it would also offer an " entry level " service to fans that do not want unlimited access .
Those signing up will be able to put the tracks on any music player and keep the music they have downloaded even if they stop paying the monthly fee .
Artists such as Amy Winehouse , Girls Aloud , La Roux and Black Eyed Peas are signed to Universal .
Virgin said it had vowed to try a range of anti-piracy measures as part of the deal .
The last resort would be a temporary suspension of a customer 's internet connection if that person consistently ignored warnings about their activity .
" There 's nothing else like this out there , " said Mark Mulligan , vice president at Forrester Research .
" Both parties have brought everything they have to offer to the table . "
He said Virgin was smart to target the service at households where parents would pay the fee but it was likely that their children would make most use of it .
But by promising " a temporary suspension of internet access " for persistent offenders , Virgin appears to have gone further than any other ISP in acceding to the demands of the music industry .
Rory Cellan- Jones
BBC technology correspondent
Read the dot. life blog in full Its success , he said , would depend on whether it won the backing of other music labels and gave unlimited access to their catalogues too .
If it did then it might tempt many to defect from other services such as iTunes .
" If you have unlimited MP3s , as much as you could possibly want to get , why would anyone go anywhere else ? " he asked .
But , he said , the two were taking a risk in launching the service .
" The UK digital market is littered with the corpses of failed music subscription services .
BPI boss Geoff Taylor welcomed the deal and said : " It is very encouraging to see an ISP and a record label working together as creative partners . "
He added : " At the same time , the fact that Virgin Media will apply a graduated response system to tackle persistent illegal downloaders demonstrates that graduated response is a proportionate and workable way forward . "
The Virgin / Universal deal was announced the day before the UK government releases the final version of the Digital Britain report put together by Lord Carter .
The report is widely expected to bestow new powers on communications watchdog Ofcom that will let it compel ISPs to do more to tackle file - sharing .
It is thought that one favoured solution to discourage persistent pirates will be to limit their internet connection speed .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Donkey Kong Lays an Easter Egg By Don Hodges Posted July 1 , 2009
In 1983 , the arcade smash hit Donkey Kong was ported to the Atari 400/800 home computer systems by Landon Dyer .
It was at the time the best home computer / console port for this game .
Mr. Dyer , in between pulling his hair out while working on this game , included what is known as an " Easter Egg " in the game 's code .
If a certain sequence of moves or scores were done correctly , the designer 's initials would appear somewhere on the screen .
He writes on his blog , " There ’s an easter egg , but it ’s totally not worth it , and I do n’t remember how to bring it up anyway ( something like : Die on the ’ sandpile ’ level with 3 lives and the score over 7,000 ) . "
The Digital Press web site has a whole section dedicated to Easter eggs , and they are even offering cash rewards to those who can find out how to trigger them .
Even Landon
Dyer himself did not remember how to trigger this Easter egg in Donkey Kong for the Atari home computers .
It was suggested on the Digital Press site that the initials would appear in the bonus score box .
26 years later , I am pleased to announce that I have discovered the way to trigger this long lost Easter egg .
Here is how to do it : 1 . Play a game and get a score of 33,000 through 33,900 .
This score must become the new high score .
[ Some other scores will work as well , see below . ]
2 . Kill off all of your remaining lives .
However , your last life must be killed off by falling too far - by walking or jumping off a girder that is too high to land safely .
If the last life is killed any other way , the egg will not appear .
3 . Set the game difficulty to 4 by pressing the Option button 3 times .
The icon for this difficulty is a firefox .
4 . Wait a few minutes , and the demo screen where Kong jumps across the screen will appear .
5 . The title screen will then appear , and Landon Dyer 's initials [ LMD ] will be at the bottom center of the screen :
Other base scores that will work are 37,000 ; 73,000 ; and 77,000 .
The hundreds digit can be anything , as can the hundred thousands digit .
It does n't matter what difficulty the game is played on to set the high score .
But to see the egg , the current difficulty must be set to 4 ( firefox ) .
Technical Details How on Earth did I figure this out ?
I started by getting a very good emulator for the Atari system - MESS [ Multiple Emulator Super System ] .
Once in to the game , I activated the game 's debugger and did a complete disassembly of the entire 64 K RAM bank .
This file is over 25,000 lines long .
I faced a few false starts - I first believed the initials were to appear in the bonus score box .
So I looked there but found nothing .
I also closely observed the input routines , so see if a special sequence of joystick moves were required .
This search came up empty as well .
I kept digging around and eventually discovered the subroutine for drawing text to the screen .
Right after the data for the " GAME OVER " text data , I found the following : 8D3E : FE ; location code to follow 8D4F : 50 BC ; screen location # 50 , #BC 8D41 : 16 17 0E ; " L M D " [ designer 's initials ! ]
8D44 : FF ; end code
It was quickly after this that I traced back to the command which would display this line .
It was preceded by a test based on several factors , which were all then discovered .
Each of the factors are logically ANDed to each other , and the end result has to be equal to 3 to trigger the egg .
861C : A5 D2 lda $ D2 ; load number of lives 861E : 2D 01 0E and $ 0E01 ; mix with high score , ten thousands 8621 : 2D 02 0E and $ 0E02 ; mix with high score , thousands 8624 : 25 CB and $ CB ; mix with difficulty 8626 : 2D 31 0E and $ 0E31 ; mix with Mario 's last state 8629 : C9 03 cmp # $ 03 ; result == 3 ?
862B : D0 07 bne $ 8634 ; no , skip Easter egg ; Easter egg 862D : A0 3E ldy # $ 3E 862 F : A9 8D lda # $ 8D ; Easter egg text location at # 8D3E 8631 : 20 B8 AB jsr $ ABB8 ; print Easter egg to screen ; resume program 8634 : ...
It turns out that the number of lives is set to # FF ( 255 decimal , or 11111111 binary ) after a game is over .
This provides a starting point with all of the bits turned on .
Most of the bits turn to zero with the first AND at line # 861E .
For the high score , since the numbers 3 and 7 both have the same lower 2 bits turned on , they both work as far as this routine is concerned .
[ 3 = 0011 binary and 7 = 0111 binary ] .
The game 's difficulty is counted starting at zero , so level 4 has an internal value of 3 which is needed for the correct answer .
Finally , line # 8626 mixes in Mario 's last state .
The memory location referenced ( #0E31 ) changes based on how Mario is moving .
It is set to 3 when Mario falls and dies .
Comments & Conclusions
Of all the game hacking that I have done , this has to be one of the most rewarding and enjoyable .
I played quite a bit of this game back in the day at a friend 's house .
It really was the best port of Donkey Kong that could be played at home .
Another puzzle solved .
What will I do next with all of my spare time ?
- end original article - Updates 7/5/2009 -
There has been some speculation about this Easter egg " not being worth it " .
Maybe for some people , but for me , it was worth $ 75 in reward money from the Digital Press web site and their Easter Egg Contest .
This contest , by the way , still has many bounties waiting to be claimed .
Someone even put a how - to video up on Youtube : [ not very well made , IMO ; to save time you might want to skip ahead to the last 10 seconds after watching the beginning . ]
Next article : 4 A GOOD TIME JSR 91BD - Super Pacman's Easter Egg
SAN FRANCISCO 
As baseball ’s statistical revolution marches on , the last refuge for the baseball aesthete has been the sport ’s less quantifiable skills : outfielders ’ arm strength , base - running efficiency and other you - wo n ’t - find - that - in - the - box - score esoterica .
But debates over the quickest center fielder or the rangiest shortstop are about to graduate from argument to algorithm .
A new camera and software system in its final testing phases will record the exact speed and location of the ball and every player on the field , allowing the most digitized of sports to be overrun anew by hundreds of innovative statistics that will rate players more accurately , almost certainly affect their compensation and perhaps alter how the game itself is played .
Which shortstops reach the hard - hit grounders up the middle ?
Which base runners take the fastest path from first base to third ?
Which right fielders charge the ball quickest and then throw the ball hardest and most accurately ?
Although the game will continue to answer to forces like wind , glaring sun and the occasional gnat swarm , a good deal of time - honored guesswork will give way to more definite measurements  continuing the trend of baseball front offices trading some traditional game - watching scouts for video and statistical analysts .
Teams have begun scrambling to develop uses for the new data , which will be unveiled Saturday to a group of baseball executives , statisticians and academics , knowing it will probably become the largest single advance in baseball science since the development of the box score .
Several major league executives would not publicly acknowledge their enthusiasm for the new system , to better protect their plans for leveraging it .
5 - July - 2009 — legalize
In Part 4 of this series , we completed some UI functionality using a test - driven development style .
In this final part of the series , I will cover the facilities in Boost .
Test for sharing common setup and teardown actions between tests and organizing tests into suites .
SetUp and TearDown
Unit tests have the following structure :
Set Up for the test .
for the test .
Execute the system under test .
the system under test .
TearDown for the test .
In the tests we wrote for PrimeFactors : : Generate , there was no SetUp or TearDown phase to the tests because we were testing a static method .
No objects needed to be created and no collaborators needed to be configured .
Because there was no SetUp , there was also no corresponding TearDown .
This is not a typical situation , but it simplified the demonstration of test - driven development .
When a test requires SetUp and TearDown phases , we can simply insert this code into the test case itself .
However , doing so can result in repeated code .
You may have noticed this repetition in the tests we wrote for PrimeFactorsMediator .
We could eliminate this duplication by extracting a function from our test cases as we did in part 3 of this series with the custom assertion function AssertValueHasPrimeFactors .
However , when there is a signficant amount of state to be managed , this can lead to long parameter lists or global variables in our test code .
Given that we are programming in C++ , is n’t there a way to encapsulate this state into an object and have it managed automatically ?
Boost .
Test provides a way to do exactly that .
If you dig into the BOOST_AUTO_TEST_CASE macro , you ’ll see that it expands into a call to another macro called BOOST_FIXTURE_TEST_CASE with the supplied test name as the first argument and BOOST_AUTO_TEST_CASE_FIXTURE as the second argument .
Test Fixtures
So what ’s a test fixture ?
It is the class that holds the code needed to perform repeated SetUp and TearDown operations for each test case .
In Boost .
Test , the SetUp code is implemented in the constructor for the fixture class and the TearDown code is implemented in the destructor for the fixture class .
The fixture class can also hold custom assertion methods that operate on the state held within the fixture .
When you use BOOST_FIXTURE_TEST_CASE it creates a new class that derives from your test fixture .
The new class has all the registration boiler plate logic for the test framework and the code you write after the invocation of the macro becomes the body of the test method on the derived class .
Because your test case is in a class derived from your test fixture , instantiating the test case invokes the constructor for the fixture which performs the SetUp for the test .
When the test case exits ( either normally or abnormally ) , the test case class is destroyed and the destructor for the fixture is invoked which performs the TearDown for the test .
To motivate our discussion of SetUp and TearDown , let ’s revisit the test code we wrote for PrimeFactorsMediator .
Each of those tests had duplicated setup code : a fake dialog was created and a mediator was created with a pointer to the fake dialog .
Let ’s refactor that SetUp code into a Boost .
Test fixture .
In TestPrimeFactorsMediator.cpp add the following code just after the definition of FakePrimeFactorsDialog :
struct TestPrimeFactorsMediator { TestPrimeFactorsMediator ( ) : m_dialog ( ) , m_mediator ( &m_dialog ) { } FakePrimeFactorsDialog m_dialog ; PrimeFactorsMediator m_mediator ; } ;
Now we can refactor our test cases from BOOST_AUTO_TEST_CASE to BOOST_FIXTURE_TEST_CASE
.
Here is what the test cases look like as fixture tests :
BOOST_FIXTURE_TEST_CASE(OKButtonInitiallyDisabled , TestPrimeFactorsMediator ) { m_dialog.AssertOKButtonEnabled( false ) ; } BOOST_FIXTURE_TEST_CASE(OKButtonEnabledWithValidInteger , TestPrimeFactorsMediator ) { m_dialog.ValueTextFakeResult = " 123 " ; m_mediator.ValueTextChanged ( ) ; BOOST_REQUIRE(m_dialog.ValueTextCalled ) ; m_dialog.AssertOKButtonEnabled(true ) ; } BOOST_FIXTURE_TEST_CASE(OKButtonDisabledWithEmptyText , TestPrimeFactorsMediator ) { m_mediator.ValueTextChanged ( ) ; BOOST_REQUIRE(m_dialog.ValueTextCalled ) ; m_dialog.AssertOKButtonEnabled(false ) ; } BOOST_FIXTURE_TEST_CASE(OKDisabledWithInvalidIntegerText , TestPrimeFactorsMediator ) { m_dialog.ValueTextFakeResult = " Invalid " ; m_mediator.ValueTextChanged ( ) ; BOOST_REQUIRE(m_dialog.ValueTextCalled ) ; m_dialog.AssertOKButtonEnabled(false ) ; }
Now that we have a common base class for our test cases , we could move the custom assertion to the common base class instead of having to invoke that custom assertion on the dialog member .
However , I do n’t think this makes the code that much more clearer than it is .
Having the assertion on the dialog may be more useful if we wish to use the assertion in other test cases or fixtures that do not share the TestPrimeFactorsMediator base class .
Test Suites
As you can see , it does n’t take much functionality to start racking up test cases .
For the simple functionality of the prime factors generator and a little UI behavior , we ended up with 11 test cases .
As you create more and more test cases , you might consider organizing them into test suites .
A test suite is just a container of test cases .
The easiest way to create test suites is with the BOOST_AUTO_TEST_SUITE ( test_suite_name ) and BOOST_AUTO_TEST_SUITE_END ( ) macros .
All test cases defined between this pair of macros will be members of the named suite .
There is always at least one test suite , the Master Test Suite , to which all tests belong if they are not part of a named test suite .
Test suites are arranged in a hierarchy , with the Master Test Suite at the root of the hierarchy .
The following shows the output of the test runner when logging is enabled and the PrimeFactors and PrimeFactorsMediator tests have been arranged into their own suites :
C:\tmp\Code\Boost.Test\Debug>test --log_level=test_suite Running 11 test cases ...
Entering test suite " Master Test Suite " Entering test suite " PrimeFactorsMediatorSuite " Entering test case " OKButtonInitially Disabled " Leaving test case " OKButtonInitially Disabled " Entering test case " OKButtonEnabledWithValidInteger " Leaving test case " OKButtonEnabledWithValidInteger " Entering test case " OKButtonDisabledWithEmptyText " Leaving test case " OKButtonDisabledWithEmptyText " Entering test case " OKDisabledWithInvalidIntegerText " Leaving test case " OKDisabledWithInvalidIntegerText " Leaving test suite " PrimeFactorsMediatorSuite " Entering test suite " PrimeFactorsSuite " Entering test case " OneHasNoFactors " Leaving test case " OneHasNoFactors " Entering test case " TwoHasOneFactor " Leaving test case " TwoHasOneFactor " Entering test case " ThreeHasOneFactor " Leaving test case " ThreeHasOneFactor " Entering test case " FourHasTwoFactors " Leaving test case " FourHasTwoFactors " Entering test case " SixHasTwoFactors " Leaving test case " SixHasTwoFactors " Entering test case " EightHasThreeFactors " Leaving test case " EightHasThreeFactors " Entering test case " NineHasTwoFactors " Leaving test case " NineHasTwoFactors "
Leaving test suite " PrimeFactorsSuite " Leaving test suite " Master Test Suite " ***
No errors detected
Once you accumulate a large number of unit tests , you may not want to execute all of the tests every time you build .
( It is wise to run all unit tests before you commit changes to the version control system , however . )
You can control which tests are executed by supplying command - line parameters to the test executable .
A complete reference of command - line parameters that control the execution of tests is provided in the Boost .
Test documentation .
This concludes this series on C++ Unit Testing With Boost .
Test .
You can download a ZIP archive containing the final version of the source code for this series for use with Visual Studio .NET 2008 and Visual C++ Express 2008 .
[ Updated to favor BOOST_REQUIRE over BOOST_CHECK .]
AFTER months of anxious planning , it was time for Hugh Verrier to finally press send .
In his two years as chairman of White & Case , the venerable Wall Street law firm , Mr. Verrier had already laid off 70 young lawyers and shuttered offices in Bangkok , Dresden and Milan .
He had watched top partners flee to competitors and suffered a depressive 2008 holiday party at Cipriani’s , which had half the budget of the prior year ’s $ 500,000 event  a Neroesque fete at the United Nations with fireworks and a band .
Now Mr. Verrier , who had worked exclusively at the century - old firm since leaving Harvard Law School in 1982 , sat in his office high above 44th Street and Avenue of the Americas , considering the e-mail message he was about to send .
It announced that 200 more lawyers would lose their jobs , nearly 1 in 10 at the firm over all  and not just young associates with everything in front of them , but some million - dollar - a - year ones like himself , the ones with twin mortgages , kids in private school and no Plan B .
“ I greatly regret having to take these actions , ” Mr. Verrier wrote , making a nod to the “ deterioration of the global economy ” and the need to slash expenses in recessionary times .
Then he dropped the bomb : “ a reduction in the number of our partners commensurate with current and anticipated needs . ”
The reaction was swift and frantic .
Partners who were staying scurried to protect their favorite workers ; résumés were burnished and beamed out to recruiters .
MOSCOW  Kyrgyzstan ’s incumbent president appeared Friday to have won a landslide victory , gaining more than 80 percent of the vote in a contest that local and Western monitors said was marred by major violations of election laws .
Ballot stuffing , intimidation and media bias were just some of the infractions noted in Thursday ’s election by observers from the monitoring arm of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , or O.S.C.E .
With about 86 percent of the ballots counted on Friday , the incumbent , Kurmanbek Bakiyev , had won about 85 percent of the vote , according to Kyrgyzstan ’s election commission .
The commission said official results would be announced Saturday .
But Radmila Sekerinska , the head of the observer mission for the Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights , the O.S.C.E. ’s monitoring arm , declared Friday , “ Sadly , this election did not show the progress we were hoping for , and it again fell short of key standards Kyrgyzstan has committed to as a participating state of the O.S.C.E . ”
Thanks to the Consumerist , who have alerted us to the story of a woman named Janine Sugawara and her lawsuit against PepsiCo , maker of Cap ’n Crunch cereals .
Turns out Sugawara was operating under the assumption that crunchberries are in fact a real berry ( Note that the crunchberries do contain strawberry fruit extract , so it ’s not completely fruitless ) .
In her suit filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of California , she claimed that she only recently “ learned to her dismay that said ‘ berries ’ were in fact simply brightly - colored cereal balls . ”
Her claims of misleading and / or false advertisement were unfortunately tossed , however , as the court and the judge have dismissed her case .
In his decision , Judge Morrison England , Jr. wrote :
This Court is not aware of , nor has Plaintiff alleged the existence of , any actual fruit referred to as a “ crunchberry . ”
Furthermore , the “ Crunchberries ” depicted on the [ box ] are round , crunchy , brightly - colored cereal balls , and the [ box ] clearly states both that the Product contains “ sweetened corn & oat cereal ” and that the cereal is “ enlarged to show texture . ”
Thus , a reasonable consumer would not be deceived into believing that the Product in the instant case contained a fruit that does not exist .
. . .
So far as this Court has been made aware , there is no such fruit growing in the wild or occurring naturally in any part of the world .
Judge England further noted that there was legal precedent on the matter , as another federal court had previously rejected substantially similar claims directed against the packaging of Froot Loops .
That court apparently held that Froot Loops did not contain real froot .
I guess the Grape - Nuts people can sleep easier tonight .
Just do n’t tell me that bumbleberries and dingleberries ( cause I do eat Dingleberries cereal ) are n’t real .
And then there ’s the ultimate question : do the snozzberries taste like snozzberries ?
Legal scholars wanting to read more on the decision can find it listed as follows : Sugawara v. PepsiCo , Inc. , No. 2:08 - cv-01335 , 2009 U.S. Dist .
LEXIS 43127 ( E.D. Cal. May 21 , 2009 ) or simply click here for a pdf version .
WASHINGTON —
The feds are spending tens of millions of stimulus dollars to repair and build toilets across the nation , in an outflow of taxpayer funds that critics have branded “ potty pork . ”
From humble sylvan outhouses to “ historic ” restrooms , cash from the $ 787 billion stimulus is going to spruce up or completely replace aging toilets , government releases show .
In New Mexico alone , the feds are spending $ 2.8 million for toilets in national forests .
The bathroom bonanza runs across myriad federal agencies , from the Department of Housing and Urban Development to the Veterans Affairs Administration and the Army .
“ You could definitely say this is potty pork , ” said Leslie Paige of Citizens Against Government Waste .
“ This puts a whole different swirl on money going down the drain . ”
Many proposals cite the need to improve accessibility under the Americans with Disabilities Act .
geoff.earle@nypost.com
L'AQUILA , Italy –Prime Minister Stephen Harper has scrapped his government 's controversial promise to stop running annual budget deficits in five years .
For the first time , Harper said today that keeping the government 's pledge to balance Ottawa 's books by 2013 - 14 will depend on how quickly Canada 's economy recovers .
" We will allow the deficit to persist if necessary , " Harper said .
" We will not , in order to meet some timetable , start raising taxes and cutting programs . "
Until today , the Conservatives had insisted they had a timetable to end deficit financing .
Finance Minister Jim Flaherty had brushed aside critics who said the government 's spending initiatives and massive tax cuts would make it impossible to return to budget surpluses by 2013 - 14 .
But Harper told reporters after the G8 summit in Italy that the government wo n't be bound by that promise .
He said a recovery in the Canadian economy will be " well under way " by early 2011 , which will result in higher tax revenues and lower expenses for Ottawa .
But " if the recession turns out to be longer than that , for example , or the recovery turns out to be shallower , then that will change the pattern of the recovery from the current deficit , " Harper said .
The Prime Minister was responding to comments earlier this week by Kevin Page , the independent parliamentary budget officer , who said the government 's budget deficits are so large that Harper could only balance Ottawa 's books in five years by raising taxes or slashing programs .
The Prime Minister insisted that , even if government revenues are slower to recover than predicted , he would not hike taxes or cut programs .
" That 's a very dumb policy , " Harper told reporters .
He criticized Page , whose fiscal projections he said were more " pessimistic " than most .
Page said this week that cumulative federal budget deficits in the next five years will reach a whopping $ 156 billion , half again as high as the Harper government has predicted .
Harper said the global economy is still fragile and he does not yet advocate winding down stimulus spending .
Despite having recently claimed that 80 per cent of the government 's billions in stimulus spending is committed , Harper admitted today it is a challenge to ensure the money actually gets spent .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" It 's a reality that it is tough to get it out the door . "
Read more about :
As we ’ve recently witnessed , airplanes do crash .
Captain Price reveals the three most common causes of airplane catastrophes and the technology that ’s keeping us safe .
The recent tragedy of Airbus A330 - 200 is a stark reminder that , despite phenomenal technological advances , we ’re never completely shielded from accidents .
Any operation involving the interface between men and machines will always have a measure of unpredictability .
Firstly , I will analyze the most significant modern accident trends .
Secondly , I will discuss the advances in the modern cockpit and the hardware / software developed to address problems of aircraft safety .
1. Controlled Flight into Terrain ( CFIT )
Controlled Flight into Terrain ( CFIT ) is a fancy way of saying that the aircraft was mechanically sound but that something went wrong in the management of the flight , which resulted in an unintended ground impact .
Example Catastrophe
In the early morning hours of the 6th of August , 1997 , Korean Air Flight # 801 , a Boeing 747 , crashed into Nimitz Hill on approach into the international airport on the island of Guam .
228 of the 254 persons onboard died .
Whilst the aircraft was mechanically sound , the management and leadership practices of the captain and crew were not .
The major breakdowns in crew management and discipline therefore constituted the source of the problem .
Technological Solution
The growing concern for the improvement of CFIT led to the development of the Electronic Ground Proximity Warning System ( EGPWS ) .
This amazing program constantly analyzes a number of flight parameters such as altitude , closure rate with the ground below / objects ahead , aircraft location in relation to known terrain , glide path , airspeed , etc .
Most importantly , EGPWS provides a significant and timely warning to pilots when closure with terrain is unsafe .
It has saved many a flight and has become a huge addition to the safety tool bag in every modern cockpit .
Plane Crash – Korean Air 801
2. Mid-air Collisions
One of the greatest fears among the traveling public is that of a mid-air collision .
Despite sophisticated radar control networks , this type of accident can doubtlessly occur .
Technological Solution
A system known as Threat Collision Avoidance System ( TCAS ) has been extremely instrumental in addressing this problem .
TCAS sends out electronic signals indicating position , altitude , and rate of climb or descent which are received and monitored by the TCAS units on other aircraft .
These preset parameters form a “ safety bubble ” around each aircraft so that if the projected flight path of another aircraft shows that it will penetrate this safety bubble , TCAS alerts the pilots of both aircraft .
As a result , if evasive maneuvers are required , both aircraft are given specific visual and verbal directions to “ climb ” or “ descend ” , thereby insuring a coordinated avoidance maneuver .
TCAS is a life - saver , especially in congested airport traffic areas .
Mid-Air Collision DHL 757 and Tu-154
3. Runway Incursions
One of the most hazardous points in any flight occurs while taxiing to or from the active runway .
In fact , runway incursions represent the first causal factor in commercial airline accidents .
Often , darkness , obstructions to visibility such as fog or rain , and unfamiliarity contribute to pilot confusion .
Example Catastrophe
Consider just one of the more recent instances of a runway incursion that led to disaster .
Comair Flight # 191 departed Lexington , Kentucky in the early morning hours of the 27th of August , 2006 .
It was cleared to taxi to runway 22 but mistakenly taxied onto and took off from runway 26 , which was much shorter .
The aircraft never reached flying speed , and crashed off the end of the runway killing all 47 passengers and two of the three crew - members .
Although this example involved only one aircraft , the typical runway incursion places both a taxiing aircraft and another either landing or taking off at grave risk of collision .
Technological Solution
In response to this risk , every modern passenger aircraft has a technology - rich , “ glass ” cockpit .
Many tasks formerly done by pilots can now be accomplished by on - board electronic aids such as the Electronic Flight Bag ( EFB ) , an encyclopedia containing a number of manuals , charts , airport approaches formerly maintained in paper form .
One of the great tools incorporated into the EFB is a moving - map computer display , showing each aircraft ’s exact position and movement on the surface of the airport .
Freed from the need to reference paper charts when taxiing , pilots are more aware of their exact location on the airport .
Tower and ground control clearance instructions are incorporated to allow the pilot to be constantly attentive to clearance instructions .
The Human Factor
Whilst technology always creates new issues , it offers unique and powerful solutions to some of our most persistent and pressing safety concerns .
It will be many long years , however , before any of us feel comfortable flying without a pilot !
Fly Safely !
Surprised by what causes airplane disasters ?
What do you make of the technology employed to keep us safe ??
Post up your comments below , we want to hear from you !
Coming soon …. 10 things you never knew about airplane food .
Do n’t miss out !
Sign up for free updates below .
Photo : Rob Young
Capt Alan W. Price
One beer two beer red beer blue beer !
Japan 's Abashiri Brewery is well on their way to offering us the united colors of beer , though nobody seems to have requested this of them .
Regardless , Okhotsk Blue ( also known as Ryuho Draft ) joins Abashiri 's rainbow - hued beer lineup along with Hamanasu Red draft and Shiretoko Green draft .
Here 's a short video from Abashiri showing the cool blue beer and a bit of the local scenery :
Abashiri is a microbrewery located on Japan 's northernmost island of Hokkaido .
Owned and operated by the Takahashi Company , Abashiri has been turning heads ( and possibly stomachs ) for some time now with its unusual beers - and by " unusual " I mean Scallop Beer and Bilk .
The latter , an incongruous combination of beer and milk meant to appeal to the female demographic , deservedly made the Ten Even More Weird And Bizarre Japanese Soft Drinks listing last year - and has n't been heard from since .
In any case , Okhotsk Blue Draft stands out for its cool color and interesting ( yet not off - putting ) ingredients .
The brew is made using water melted from icebergs that float each year onto Hokkaido beaches from the chilly Sea of Okhotsk , an arm of the North Pacific ocean bordered by Japan and Russia .
Fine & dandy , and a good selling point to boot .
Then Abashiri went one step further and used seaweed to give their brew and icy blue tint .
Perhaps not the greatest selling point but it does make Okhotsk Blue look , well , different .
As for the taste ... reports state that Ryuho is n't at all bad as beers go , and if you did n't know there was seaweed in it , you likely would n't guess there was .
( via Gaijin Tonic )
UC Irvine cosmologists have found two supernovae farther away than any previously detected by using a new technique that could help find other dying stars at the edge of the universe .
This method has the potential to allow astronomers to study some of the very first supernovae and will advance the understanding of how galaxies form , how they change over time and how Earth came to be .
" When stars explode , they spew matter into space .
Eventually , gravity collapses the matter into a new star , which could have planets such as Earth around it , " said Jeff Cooke , McCue Postdoctoral Fellow in physics & astronomy , who reports his findings July 9 in the journal Nature .
The supernovae Cooke and colleagues found occurred 11 billion years ago .
The next - farthest large supernova known occurred about 6 billion years ago .
A supernova occurs when a massive star ( more than eight times the mass of the sun ) dies in a powerful , bright explosion .
Cooke studies larger stars ( 50 to 100 times the mass of the sun ) that blow part of their mass into their surroundings before they die .
When they finally explode , the nearby matter glows brightly for years .
Typically , cosmologists find supernovae by comparing pictures taken at different times of the same swath of sky and looking for changes .
Any new light could indicate a supernova .
advertisement
Cooke built upon this idea .
He blended pictures taken over the course of a year , then compared them with image compilations from other years .
" If you stack all of those images into one big pile , then you can reach deeper and see fainter objects , " Cooke said .
" It 's like in photography when you open the shutter for a long time .
You 'll collect more light with a longer exposure . "
Doing this with images from the Canada - France - Hawaii Telescope in Hawaii , Cooke found four objects that appeared to be supernovae .
He used a Keck telescope to look more closely at the spectrum of light each object emitted and confirmed they were indeed supernovae .
" The universe is about 13.7 billion years old , so really we are seeing some of the first stars ever formed , " Cooke said .
Cooke and other scientists with UCI 's Center for Cosmology last year discovered a cluster of galaxies in a very early stage of formation that occurred 11.4 billion years ago , the farthest of its kind ever detected .
The galaxy proto-cluster , named LBG - 2377 , is giving cosmologists unprecedented insight into galaxy formation and the evolution of the universe .
UCI scientists Elizabeth Barton , James Bullock and Erik Tollerud , along with Mark Sullivan of Oxford University , Avishay Gal - Yam of the Benoziyo Center for Astrophysics in Israel , and Ray Carlberg of the University of Toronto , also contributed to the supernova study .
The research was funded by the National Science Foundation and generous donations from Gary McCue to the Center for Cosmology .
Finally got round to sending off an Amazon order that ’s been building up since last year …
Have to admit , I ’m rather looking forward to the delivery van .
Stross ’s body of work so far has been very enjoyable ( and anyone who ’s written perl for a living ca n’t be all bad ) ; Regenesis is the sequel to Cyteen that ’s been ten years in the writing ; I ’ve been promising myself I ’d get Tufte ’s books for two years now – I ’d borrowed a copy , skimmed one in the bookshop and even read a bootleg copy of one , and they ’re just wonderful books even if read as coffee - table books rather than working textbooks ;
Alton Brown never fails to deliver and I ’m Just Here for the Food is already a classic ; and the books on Tesla should make interesting reading ( imagine Albert Einstein and Howard Hughes combined , then written out of history for decades , only showing up as a character in video games and fictional novels .
The man alone would be interesting enough , but the story of how he was written out of history is even more interesting ) .
About the only gamble there is the Altered Carbon trilogy , but Morgan is highly recommended so what the heck .
Delivery is estimated for Sept.11 - 22 though , so I ’m hoping their estimates are very conservative !
Home Ra Material Light Color Sound Numbers Solar Activity Healing Psychophysics Alchemy Consciousness Earth Changes BioEnergetics Links Books Global Meditations Workshops Events
RA MATERIAL / LAW OF ONE
STUDY GUIDE
Don Elkins , Ph.D. , Carla Rueckert , Jim McCarty
http://www.llresearch.org
Study Guide compiled by Bob Childers , Ph.D .
additional compilations by David Wilcock
Based upon the channeling of Carla Rueckert
The Law of One ( Ra Material ) searchable database
Section 1 Section 2 Section 3 Section 4 Section 5 Section 6 Section 7 Section 8
During all the years that I had been channeling had always channeled consciously , using my free will to clothe telepathic concepts in my own language .
When Elaine , a member of the meditation group died , someone suggested that I try to contact her .
I could not say no .
After some moments of consciously offering myself for the contact with Elaine , I became unaware of the passing of time , and when I awakened , Tom had what sounded like Elaine ’s voice on tape speaking through me .
That was my first experience with trance .
[ Note : Carla had already been involved in scientific channeling research with questioner Dr. Don Elkins for over twenty years by this point .
But up until now , her work had been from a conscious state only . ]
III .
THE NEXT CONTACT WAS RA
This work was extremely draining on me , and I did not want to continue .
However , only a few days later I received a new contact which I had never had before .
As I do in all cases I challenged this entity in the name of Christ , demanding that it leave if it did not come as a messenger of Christ Consciousness .
It remained , so I opened myself to its channel .
I went into trance almost immediately and the entity which called itself Ra began its series of contacts with us .
This contact is ongoing , fascinating and to me , a source of some disquiet .
( B1 , 48 - 49 )
IV . PROCEDURE
James gives Carla a half - hour back message before each session because she will have to remain absolutely motionless for between an hour and an hour and forty - five minutes .
Then we meditate so that the harmony we try to produce in our daily lives will be intensified , and so our desires are unified into the single desire to see contact with Ra .
We perform a ritual of protection and Carla lays down , covered with a white sheet .
She mentally recites the Prayer of St. Francis .
At some point the leaves her physical body , and Ra begins to use it to make the words which form the responses to Don 's questions .
James meditates and sends light to Carla for the duration of the session .
( B1 , 50 - 51 )
V. FATIGUE
RA : Do you understand how to nurture this instrument ( Carla ) ?
At this time she is quite fatigued .
1 . The laying on of hands at the neck region for a brief period .
2 . A gift of water into which the love of all present has been given .
The charging of the water is done by those present placing their hands over the glass and visualizing the power of love entering the water .
This will charge that very effective medium with those vibrations .
( B1 , 69 )
THE MESSAGE OF RA
WHO IS RA ?
THE MESSAGE OF RA
The sessions began on Jan 15 , 1981
( Books I - IV published in 1982 - 1984 ; Book V published in 1998 )
DEFINITIONS
1. Social memory complex = a large group of completely integrated souls - or " group soul ” for short
2. Mind / body / spirit complex = person , human , or entity having free will
3. Catalyst = stimulus for growth , something that presents a chall1enge and an opportunity to learn a lesson .
4. Density = density of consciousness - or density of vibration ( B4 , 28 ) .
Frequently used by Ra as an analog to what is currently thought of as “ dimensions ” in the Universe .
The densities are organized into an eight - fold “ octave ” system , analogous to the musical octave and the visual light spectrum .
Therefore the higher the density , the higher the level of consciousness .
5. Wanderer = higher - density soul that has volunteered to incarnate as human , with a contractual agreement to forget its true soul nature throughout its human life unless it consciously desires to seek the information .
6 . Harvest = the process whereby a soul and / or planet “ Graduates ” from one density to the next .
Occurs naturally as a planetary system traverses through different areas of energy density in the galaxy , thus creating dimensional shifts .
These shifts occur in precise , measurable cycles of time .
7. Distortion = anything that may erroneously be seen as a separate or individual unit , ( since all is One , ) including all philosophical ideas , teachings and concepts related to the Oneness as well as such things as the nature of light in the different densities , since there is only One Light that has “ distorted ” itself into an Octave .
The frequent use of the word “ distortion ” has been a stumbling block for many readers of Ra , as it can apply to almost anything and is usually not considered to be a negative term .
At times Ra refers to their own teachings being distortions , as they themselves have not fully penetrated the Octave and returned to Oneness .
THE BEGINNING AND ENDING STATEMENTS
At the beginning of each session , Ra normally begins as follows :
RA : I am Ra. I greet you in the light and love of the One Infinite Creator .
We communicate now .
At the end of each session , Ra normally closes as follows :
Ra : I am Ra .
I leave you in the light and love Of the One Infinite Creator , Go forth , therefore , rejoicing in the power and peace of the One Infinite Creator .
Adonai .
NOTE : With the exception of a few stray instances in one session where Dr. Elkins was asking questions that Ra strongly did not approve of , Ra always prefaces any new statement that they make with the words “ I am Ra . ”
The reader should know that Ra prefaced every quote cited in this book with this , and that the statement was not included in this text in order to enhance readability .
Therefore when the reader sees “ RA : ” in the text it is understood that the statement began with “ I am Ra ” in the source document .
ADDITIONAL NOTE : Again , in order to enhance readability for larger numbers of souls , certain minor changes in the syntax of Ra ’s statements have been made .
Every effort was made to ensure that these changes did not alter the core message in any way .
In order to be sure that you are quoting the source verbatim , please refer to the original texts , available through L/L Research Group at www.llresearch.org.
If you quote from this document without referencing the source books , please make note of that to avoid distortions .
1. INTRODUCTION TO RA MATERIAL
I. FIRST STATEMENT
RA : I am Ra . I have not spoken through this instrument before .
We had to wait until she was precisely tuned , as we send a narrow - band vibration .
We greet you in the light and love of our Infinite Creator .
We have been called to your group because you have a need for a more advanced approach to what you call , seeking the truth .
We hope to offer you a somewhat different slant upon the information which is always and ever the same .
( B1 , 65 )
II .
WHO IS RA ?
RA : We are those who are of the Law of One , of Unity .
In our vibration the polarities are harmonized ; the paradoxes have a solution .
We are one .
We have walked your planet and seen the faces of your peoples .
We now feel a great responsibility of helping remove certain distortions that have been given to the law of One . ( B1 , 65 )
We , as social memory complex or group soul , made contact with a race on your planet which you call Egyptians .
We spoke to one who heard and understood , and was in a position to decree the law of One .
( Based on the Edgar Cayce Readings , we can see that this was the entity Ra- Ta , who helped Ra design the Great Pyramid with Hermes and much later reincarnated as Cayce himself ) .
However the priests and the peoples of that era quickly distorted our message , robbing it of the compassion with which unity is informed .
( B1 , 66 )
III .
R A STILL SEEKS TO BECOME ALL THERE IS
RA : We still seek to become all that there is , and still we are Ra .
Thus our paths go forward .
( B1 , 78 )
IV .
IS RA ONE OF MANY ?
QUESTION : When I am communicating with you as Ra , are you at times individualized as an entity or am I speaking to an entire social memory complex ?
RA : You speak with Ra .
There is no separation .
You would call it a social memory complex thus indicating many - ness .
To our understanding , you are speaking to an individualized portion of consciousness ( B1 , 162 )
[ NOTE : In other words , Ra represents an entire planet worth of beings who have all fused into one unified consciousness .
Each density in the Octave moves closer and closer to the fully unified One Mind of the Creation , the structures and abilities of mind becoming increasingly difficult for the human entity to fathom . ]
2. THE HISTORY OF RA
I. IN 3RD DENSITY RA WAS HELPED BY 6TH DENSITY ENTITIES
RA : We were aided by 6th density entities during our own 3rd density experiences .
Being extremely less warlike than humans we found this teaching to be of help .
We had not developed the interrelationships of your money system and power .
We were a more philosophical 3rd density planet than your own and our choices of polarity were much more centered about understanding sexual energy transfers and the appropriate relationships between self and other - self .
( B3 , 66 )
QUESTION : What civilization was it that helped Ra in 3rd density , using the pyramid shape ?
RA : Your people have a fondness for the naming .
These entities have begun their travel back to the Creator and are no longer experiencing time .
( B3 , 71 )
II RA WAS TOO COMPASSIONATE IN 4TH DENSITY
RA : As a group soul in 4th density , we had the tendency towards compassion even to martyrdom in aid of other selves .
When the 5th density harvest was achieved , we found that in this vibratory level flaws could be seen in the usefulness of such unrelieved compassion .
We spent much time in contemplation of those ways of the Creator which fill love with wisdom .
( B2 , 95 )
III .
R A MADE CONTACT WITH EARTH PEOPLES
A. RA WAS AT THE 6TH DIMENSION WHEN EARTH WAS VISITED
RA : I am part of the social memory complex that voyaged outward from a planet in your solar system , the one you call Venus .
We are a race old in your measures .
When we were at the 6th dimension our physical beings were what you call golden .
We were tall and somewhat delicate .
The covering of our physical body complex had a golden luster .
In this form we decided to come among your peoples .
Your peoples were much unlike us in physical appearance .
Thus we did not mix well with the population and were obviously other than they .
Our visit was relatively short .
This was when we built the pyramids .
( B1 , 90 )
When we chose this mission among your peoples , we would have been perceived as light had we arrived on earth in our natural form .
( B1 , 103 )
B. HOW DID YOU JOURNEY FROM VENUS TO EARTH ?
We used thought .
( B1 , 90 )
C. DID YOU HAVE TO CHANGE YOUR DIMENSION TO BE ON EARTH ?
From the 6th dimension we are capable of manipulating energy with thought which is the intelligent infinity present in each particle of light , or distorted light , so that we were able to clothe ourselves in a replica of our 6th density mind / body / spirit complexes which were visible in the third density .
We were allowed this experiment by the council that guards this planet .
( B1 , 91 )
D. WHERE IS THIS COUNCIL LOCATED ?
RA : This Council is located in the 8th dimension of the planet Saturn , taking place , in 3rd dimensional terms , in the rings of Saturn .
( B1 , 91 )
E. THEIR GIFTS WERE MISUSED
RA : We are those of the Confederation who , eleven thousand years ago , came to two of your planetary cultures which at that time were closely in touch with the Creation of the One Creator , It was our naive belief that we could teach by direct contact .
These cultures were already closely aligned with an all - embracing belief in the live - ness or consciousness of all .
We came and were welcomed by the peoples we wished to serve .
We attempted to aid them in technical ways having to do with healing of mind / body / spirit complex through the use of the crystal .
Thus were the pyramids created .
However , it turned out that those in power reserved this technology for themselves .
This was not intended by the law of the One .
We left your peoples .
However we have never left your vibration due to our responsibility for the changes in consciousness we had first caused and then found distorted in ways not relegated to the Law Of One .
We attempted to contact ( mentally ) the rulers of this land ( Egypt ) .
In the 18th dynasty we were able to contact a pharaoh , Aten or Ikhnaton .
He was a wanderer .
This entity became convinced that the vibration of One was the true spiritual vibration and thus decreed the law of One .
But his beliefs were accepted by few .
When he fell , the polarized beliefs in many gods came into their own .
( B1 , 70 - 71 )
RA : We came to your peoples to give the law of One .
We wished to impress upon those who wished to learn of unity that in unity all paradoxes are resolved ; all that is broken is healed : all that is forgotten is brought to light .
( Fk , 142 )
F. THE TIMES WHEN RA HAS MADE CONTACT WITH EARTH
RA : The 1st attempt to aid your peoples occurred about 75,000 years ago .
[ Helped Martians come to Earth ] .
Next help was given to those of Mu about 58,000 years ago .
Next , help was offered to Atlantis about 13,000 years ago .
The next attempt was to help the Egyptians [ and to some in South America ] about 11,000 years ago .
About 3500 years later [ 7500 years ago ] help was offered again to some in South America .
There were a few attempts to aid those in Egypt about 2300 years ago by others in the Confederation .
The remaining part of this cycle we have never gone from your 5th dimension and have been working to prepare for the harvest .
( B1 , 135 - 136 )
F. COULD PEOPLE HAVE LIVED ON VENUS THEN ?
RA : The 3rd density conditions are not hospitable to the life - forms of your peoples .
But the 5th and 6th dimensions of that planetary sphere are quite conducive to growing / learning .
( B1 , 90 )
RA : The beings inhabiting Venus at this time are 5th density entities .
( It , 124 )
G. RA STILL OFFERS ILLUMINATION
Near the end of Book 3 the questioner asks if enough material has been covered by that point to , if published , make the necessary reparations for the earlier naive actions of Ra .
RA : We mean no disrespect for your service but we do not expect to make full reparations for these distortions .
The nature of your language is such that what is distorted cannot , to our knowledge , be fully undistorted but only illuminated somewhat .
( B3 , 162 )
V. THE CYCLES RA HAS COMPLETED
RA : The path of our learning is graven in the present moment .
There is no history as you understand the concept .
Picture a circle of being .
We know the alpha and omega as infinite intelligence .
The circle never ceases .
It is present .
The densities or cycles we have traversed are :
1. 1ST DENSITY : The cycle of awareness
2. 2ND DENSITY : Growth
3. 3RD DENSITY : Self - awareness
4. 4TH DENSITY : Love or understanding
5. 5TH DENSITY : Light or wisdom
RA : We spent much time / space in 5th density balancing the intense compassion we had gained in 4th density , ( B2 , 93 )
6. 6TH DENSITY : Light / love , love / light or unity
( also frequently referred to as compassionate wisdom )
7. 7TH DENSITY : The gateway cycle
( also frequently referred to as that density where one perceives the sacramental nature of all things )
RA : At the 7th level or dimension , we shall .
if our humble efforts are sufficient , become one with all , thus having no memory , no identity , no past or future , but existing in the all .
( B1,153 )
8.8TH DENSITY :
The octave which moves into a mystery we do not plumb .
( B1 , 153 )
QUESTION : Does this mean that in the 8th density you would have awareness of all that is ?
RA : This is partially correct .
It is our understanding that it would not be our awareness , but the awareness of the Creator .
In the Creator is all there is .
( B1 , 153 )
3. HOW WERE THE PYRAMIDS BUILT ?
I. THEY WERE BUILT BY THE FORCE OF ONE
RA : The larger pyramids were built by our ability using the forces of One .
THE STONES ARE ALIVE .
THIS HAS NOT BEEN UNDERSTOOD BY YOUR CULTURE .
( B1 , 72-73 ) [ Note : Ra refers to the fact that the stones exist in the first density of consciousness , the density of awareness .
The first , second and third densities of conscious lifeforms are all visible to third - dimensional beings such as ourselves . ]
II .
HOW WERE THE BLOCKS MAKING UP THE PYRAMIDS MOVED ?
RA : Imagine the activity within all that is created .
The energy , though finite , is quite large .
This energy is intelligent .
It is hierarchical .
Just as you have a hierarchy of vehicles , or bodies , so does each atom of such a material as rock .
When one can speak to that intelligence , the finite , physical energy of the physical rock body is put into contact with that infinite energy which is resident in the more well - tuned higher bodies , be they rock or human .
With this connection made a request may be given .
The intelligence of infinite rock - ness communicates to its physical vehicle or body , and that splitting and moving which is desired is then carried out .
( B1 , 77 )
III .
WAS THIS WAS DONE MENTALLY BY ONE INDIVIDUAL ?
RA : There is a distinction between individual power through the Law of One and the power available through the combined understanding of the Law of One by a group soul .
One individual , purified of all flaws , could indeed move a mountain .
However , in the case of mass understanding of unity , each individual may contain an acceptable amount of distortion and yet the mass mind could move mountains .
( B1 , 78 )
There are those among your people at this time whose purity is already one with intelligent infinity .
( B1 , 82 )
IV .
WHY NOT CREATE IT AS A WHOLE INSTEAD OF WITH BLOCKS ?
We did not want to be worshipped as builders of a miraculous pyramid .
Thus it appears to be made , not thought .
( B1 , 79 )
V. RESURRECTION DUE TO INITIATION IN THE QUEEN'S CHAMBER
RA : The concept of initiation demands the centering of the being upon the seeking of the Creator .
The initiation in the Queen ’s chamber involved the abandoning of self to such desire to know the creator in full that the purified in - streaming light is drawn in balanced fashion through all energy centers , or chakras , meeting in the inner eye chakra and opening the gate to intelligent infinity .
Then true life is experienced ,
or , as your people call it , resurrection .
( B3 , 49 )
VI . THE USE OF THE RESONATING CHAMBER
QUESTION : You said that the resonating chamber was used so the adept could meet the self .
Would you explain that ?
RA : One meets the self in the center or in the deeps of the being .
It is analogous to the burial and resurrection of the body wherein the entity dies to self and , through this confrontation of apparent loss and realization of essential gain , is transmuted into a new and risen being .
The chamber worked on the mind and the body .
The mind was affected by sensory deprivation and the archetypical reactions to being buried alive with no possibility of extricating the self .
The body was affected by both the configuration of the mind and by the electrical properties ( piezoelectrical ) of the materials used .
( B3 , 112 )
VI . CAN THE PYRAMID STILL BE USED FOR HEALING AND INITIATION ?
RA : It is like a piano out of tune .
It plays the tune , but , oh , so poorly .
Only the ghost of the streaming still remains .
The time of the pyramids is past .
( B1 , 81 - 82 )
WHO ARE WE ?
4. THE VARIOUS ORIGINS OF THE 3RD DENSITY BEINGS ON EARTH
I. THE FIRST GROUP CAME FROM MARS
A. THE MARTIAN PLANET BECAME UNINHABITABLE BEFORE THE COMPLETION OF ITS CYCLE
RA : The first entities of 3rd density to come here were brought from Mars .
This planet ’s environment being inhospitable to 3rd density beings ,
STATEMENT : I assume you 're saying that the guardians transferred the Martian race here after the race had died , in the physical sense , on Mars .
RA : This is correct .
( B1 , 106 )
RA : The warlike actions of these beings caused such difficulties in the atmospheric environment of their planet that it became unlivable for 3rd density experience before the end of its cycle .
Thus the Red Planet entities were unharvested and continued on your planet to attempt to learn the law of one .
( B1 , 107 )
QUESTION : How long ago was this ?
RA : About 75,000 years ago .
Your planet was not 3rd density in its environment until this time .
( B1 , 107 )
B. ONLY 2ND DENSITY ENTITIES WERE ALREADY HERE ON EARTH
RA : Those of 2nd density .
The second density is the density of the higher plant life and animal life which exists without the upward drive towards the infinite .
( B1 , 107 )
QUESTION : Recent research has indicated that the normal sleep cycle for entities on this planet is 25 hours instead of 24 hours .
Is this correct , and , if so , why is this ?
RA : This is correct in some cases .
The planetary influences experienced in memory by those from Mars have some effect upon the 3rd density bodily complexes .
The Martian race has given its genetic material to many bodies upon your plane .
( B3 , 100 )
II . 65 MILLION ARE WANDERERS
A. WHO ARE THE WANDERERS ?
RA : Imagine , if you will , the sands of your shores .
As countless as the grains of sand are the sources of intelligent infinity .
When a social memory complex has achieved a complete understanding of its desire , it may conclude that its desire is to serve any entities who call for aid .
These entities whom you may call the Brothers aid Sisters of Sorrow move toward this calling of sorrow .
They come from all reaches of the infinite creation .
They are not sorrowful themselves , but come to aid those that are in sorrow .
They are the Wanderers .
There are approximately 65 million on Earth , ( B1 , 127 )
B. MOST ARE 6TH DENSITY
RA : Few there are of 4th density .
Most are of 6th density .
The desire to serve must be distorted towards a great deal of purity of mind and what you call foolhardiness or bravery .
The challenge and danger to the Wanderer is that it will forget its mission , become karmically involved , and thus be swept into the maelstrom and turbulence which it had intended to avert .
( B1 , 127 )
C. DO WANDERERS TEND TO BE ILL ?
QUESTION : Do the Wanderers have physical ailments in this 3rd density situation ?
RA : Due to the extreme difference between the vibratory distortions of 3rd density and the higher densities , they generally have some kind of handicap or feeling of alienation which is severe , for example , allergies .
( B1 , 127-128 )
D. WHY DO THEY INCARNATE IN A DENSITY ( THE 3RD ) LOWER THAN THEIR OWN ?
RA : The Wanderer has the potential of greatly accelerating the density of consciousness from whence it comes .
This is due to the intensity of life experiences and opportunities in 3rd density .
Thus the positively polarized Wanderer chooses to accept the danger of forgetting what it is in order to be of service to others by radiating love of others .
If the forgetting is penetrated , the amount of catalyst in 3rd density will polarize the Wanderer with much greater efficiency than could be expected in the higher and more harmonious densities .
( B2 , 67 )
E. THE FEAR IS THAT THEY WILL NOT AWAKEN
Carla Rueckert : “ It is no wander that Wanderers have some difficulty waking up within the illusion we call consensus reality .
There is always the fear , as one enters incarnation , that one will not awaken at all , but be lost for the whole life experience . ”
( B5 , 58 )
III .
3RD DENSITY ENTITIES FROM MALDEK INCARNATED ON EARTH AS 2ND DENSITY ENTITIES
A. THEY CAME TO EARTH AFTER DESTROYING THEIR OWN PLANET ( MALDEK )
RA : There are those from Maldek .
In your distant past there was a population of 3rd density beings upon a planet which was within your solar system .
They had a civilization somewhat similar to Atlantis ( B1 , 109 ) .
After destroying their planet , they came to Earth .
It was the only planet in your solar system which was livable and capable of offering the lessons necessary to decrease their distortions with respect to the Law of One . ( B1 , 91 )
B. DID ALL THE PEOPLE OF MALDEK HAVE THE FEAR PROBLEM ?
RA : In the occurrence of planetary dissolution none escaped - ( B1 , 111 - 112 )
C. AT FIRST THEY WERE SO TRAUMATIZED THEY FORGOT THEY WERE CONSCIOUS
RA : The war caused the disintegration of the network of biological life , i.e. , their biosphere .
These entities were so traumatized by this occurrence that they were in what you might call a knot or tangle of fear .
No beings could aid them .
No one could reach them .
Finally about 500,000 or 600,000 years ago the Confederation succeeded in reaching them and untied the knot of fear .
The entities were then able to recall that they were conscious .
( B1 , 110 )
D. AFTER REGAINING CONSCIOUSNESS .
THEY WENT TO THE LOWER ASTRAL PLANES
This awareness brought them to what you might call the lower astral planes where they could be nurtured until all were healed of this trauma .
Then the group decision was to place upon itself a karmic condition .
( B1 , 110 )
E. THEN THEY INCARNATED IN A MORE ANIMAL FORM ( NEANDERTHAL )
RA : For this purpose they came into incarnation upon your planet in 2nd density forms , i.e. , in forms that were not human .
They experience this until the distortions of destruction are replaced by distortions toward the desire for a less distorted vision of service to others .
( B1 , 110 )
QUESTION : Was the body complex available at that time what we refer to as the ape body ?
RA : That is correct .
( B1 , 110 ) Many have removed the karma and gone onto a 3rd density experience on a 3rd density body .
( B1 , 111 )
[ Note : Ra goes into detail to explain that this karmic alleviation , not evolution , accounts for the emergence of Neanderthal Man on our planet in the past . ]
F. HOW DID THEY COME HERE ?
RA : They came through the process of harvest and were incarnated through the process of incarnation from your higher sphere within this density .
( B1 , 91 )
RA : Many incarnated within your Earth 's surface instead of upon it .
( B1 , 92 )
G. HAS 2ND DENSITY CONSCIOUSNESS FROM ANOTHER PLANET INCARNATED ON EARTH ?
RA : There are no 2nd density consciousness complexes here on your planet at this time .
( B1 , 108 )
H. TWO RACES ARE ON EARTH IN 2ND DENSITY FORM
RA : However there are two races which use the 2nd density form .
One is from Maldek .
They dwell within your deeper underground passageways and are known to you as ' Bigfoot ' .
They are working on what you would call karmic restitutions .
The other race that is here in 2nd density form is one whose body complexes are greatly able to withstand the rigors of nuclear radiation which the body complexes you use would not do - in the event that there is a nuclear war .
They dwell in uninhabited deep forest in various places on your planet .
They are scarce and very able to escape detection .
These entities of the glowing eyes are those most familiar to your peoples .
( B1 , 108 )
I. THEN THERE ARE 2 TYPES OF BIGFOOT ?
RA : There are 3 types of Bigfoot , using the same name for 3 different races .
The 3rd is a thought - form ( B1 , 109 )
J. WHY ARE NO REMAINS OF BIGFOOT FOUND ?
RA : Exploration of the caves which underlie some of the western coastal mountain regions of your continent will one day offer such remains .
( B3 , 102 )
IV .
WHAT ARE THE PERCENTAGES ?
RA : About 1/2 of the 3rd density entities [ on your planet ] are from Mars ; about 1 / 4 are from 2nd density of your own planet ; the other 1/4 are from elsewhere .
( B1 , 187 )
5. SIMULTANEOUS TIME
I. DO WE LIVE MANY LIVES SIMULTANEOUSLY ?
QUESTION : The Seth material says that each of us is a part of an Oversoul or Higher Self which has many pans in many dimensions .
Does this mean that we have many experiences , or lives , going on simultaneously ?
( B2 , 63 )
RA : The correctness of the statements is variable .
The more in balance an entity becomes , the less the need for parallel experiences .
RA : TRUE SIMULTANEITY IS AVAILABLE ONLY WHEN ALL THINGS ARE SEEN TO BE OCCURRING AT ONCE .
II .
PARALLEL UNIVERSES
The concept of various parts of the being living experiences of varying natures simultaneously is not precisely accurate due to your understanding that this would indicate that this was occurring with true simultaneity .
This is not the case .
The case is , rather , from one universe to another universe .
Parallel existences in these different universes can then be programmed by the Higher Self using the information available from the mind / body / spirit complex .
( B2 , 63 )
III .
IS ALL OF CREATION SIMULTANEOUS ?
RA : The nature of true simultaneity is such that , indeed , all is simultaneous .
However , in your mode of perception you perhaps would more properly view the seeding of the creation as that of growth from the center or core outward .
There is a center to infinity .
From this center all spreads .
Therefore there are centers to the creation , to the galaxies , to star systems , to planetary systems and to consciousness .
( B4 , 63 )
[ Note : Taken together , Kimball ’s Symmetric Theory and the “ Anisotropic Universe ” theory both show us that the entire Universe is structured just like a gigantic spiraling galaxy , composed of many smaller galaxies .
Wilcock ’s Convergence : The Physics of Ascension will go into detail about this once complete .
Here we can see Ra already mentioning it in 1981 , well before these discoveries were made .
Only in the year 2000 were discoveries published that verified that the visible universe is “ flat . ” ]
6. THE HIGHER SELF
I. IT KNOWS WHAT LESSONS HAVE NOT BEEN LEARNED PROPERLY
QUESTION : What is the Higher Self ?
RA : The Higher Self as you call it , is the self which exists with full understanding of the accumulation of experiences which have not been learned properly .
It aids the entity in achieving healing , and assists in programming further life experiences .
( B2 , 62 )
RA : The Higher Self may communicate with the entity during the discarnate part of a cycle ( in between lives ) - or during the incarnation if the proper pathways or channels through the roots of mind are opened .
( B2 , 65 )
II .
THE MIND / BODY / SPIRIT TOTALITY = PARALLEL COMPONENTS OF AN ENTITY
RA : The mind / body / spirit totality is a nebulous or vague collection of all that may occur , all of which is held in the mind 's understanding of itself ; it is as the shifting sands and is in some part a collection of parallel developments of the same entity .
This information is made available to the Higher Self aspect .
The Higher Self may then use these projected probability / possibility vortices in order to better aid in what you would call future life programming .
( B2 , 62 and 65 ) - NOTE : Seth speaks a lot about these parallel developments of your self in various parallel universes .
III .
THE HIGHER SELF : YOUR SELF FROM YOUR FUTURE
RA : The Higher Self seems to exist simultaneously with the mind / body / spirit complex which it aids .
This is not actually simultaneous , for the Higher Self is moving to the mind / body / spirit complex as needed from a position in development of the entity which would be considered in the future of the entity .
( B2 , 63 - 64 )
QUESTION : Then the Higher Self operates from the future as we understand things , and it would know , as far as I am concerned , what was going to happen .
Is this correct ?
( B2 , 64 )
RA : This is incorrect , as it would he a violation of free will .
The Higher Self is aware of the lessons learned through 6th density .
The choices which must be made to achieve the Higher Self , as it is now , must be made by the mind / spirit / body complex itself .
Thus the Higher Self is like a map on which the destination is known and the roads are shown , and the traveler has already reached the destination in some universe , maybe this one .
The Higher Self at the destination looks back on the way that has been traveled and assists the traveler in arriving at the goal in an easier way .
So the Higher Self can program the entity for certain lessons and predisposing limitations , but the rest is up to the free choice of the entity .
( B2 , 64 )
IV .
THE HIGHER SELF IS A GIFT FROM THE MID 7TH DENSITY SELF
QUESTION : Is the Higher Self of every entity of a 6th density nature ?
RA : Yes .
It is an honor / duty of self to self as one approaches 7th density .
( B2 , 64 - 65 )
QUESTION : Does the Higher Self have some type of vehicle or body ?
( B2 , 64 )
RA : This is correct .
RA : The Higher Self is a manifestation given to the late 6th density entity as a gift from its future selfness .
The mid 7th density 's last action before turning towards the allness of the Creator and gaining spiritual mass is to give the resource of the Higher Self to the 6th density self .
This 6th density self offers its living bank of memory of experience to the Higher Self .
Knowing this , you may see your self , your Higher self , and your mind / body / spirit totality as one .
They are the same being .
( B2 , 69 )
V. TRUE SIMULTANEITY REMOVES ALL SEEMING CONTRADICTIONS
RA : The Higher Self protects when possible and guides when asked , but the force of free will is paramount .
The seeming contradictions of determinism and free will melt away when it is accepted that there is such a thing as true simultaneity .
The Higher Self is the end result of all the development experienced by the mind / body / spirit complex up to that point ( i.e. , up to the end of 6th density . )
( B3 , 150 )
VI . THE HIGHER SELF IS ALSO CALLED THE MAGICAL PERSONALITY
RA : When the magical personality is properly invoked the self has invoked its Higher Self .
Thus a bridge between space / time and time / space is made and the 6th density magical personality experiences directly the 3rd density catalyst for the duration of the working .
It is most central to deliberately take off the magical personality after the working in order that the Higher Self may resume its appropriate function as your Higher Self operating in many realms , not just in the 3rd density .
( B3 , 192 )
QUESTION : The 3 aspects of the magical personality are stated to be power , love and wisdom .
Are these its only primary aspects ?
( B3 , 192 )
RA : The magical personality is a being of unity , a being of 6th density , and the equivalent of what you call your Higher Self and at the same time is a personality enormously rich in variety of experience and subtlety of emotion .
( B3 , 192 )
That was 30 years ago , but in time measured out by the psyche it was yesterday .
Thank God such things are now illegal .
But there remain those determined to turn back the clock .
" We are told that in England it is a crime to spank children , " writes Debbi Pearl from No Greater Joy Ministries , following a row that has erupted over the distribution of their literature in the UK .
" Therefore Christians are not able to openly obey God in regard to biblical chastisement .
They are in danger of having the state steal their children . "
The Pearls are evangelical Christians who believe corporal punishment is " doing it God 's way " .
With a mailing list of tens of thousands of parents , the Pearls say that the justification for their approach is in scripture : " He that spareth his rod hateth his son : but he that loveth him chasteneth him betimes " ( Proverbs 13:24 ) .
Chastening begins early .
" For the under - one - year - old , a little , 10 - to 12 - inch long , willowy branch ( stripped of any knots that might break the skin ) about one - eighth inch diameter is sufficient , " writes Michael Pearl .
With older children he advises : " After a short explanation about bad attitudes and the need to love , patiently and calmly apply the rod to his backside .
Somehow , after eight or 10 licks , the poison is transformed into gushing love and contentment .
The world becomes a beautiful place .
A brand - new child emerges .
It makes an adult stare at the rod in wonder , trying to see what magic is contained therein . "
It 's incredible to me that books such as this are readily available on Amazon ; it is little short of incitement to child abuse .
What makes the whole thing doubly sick is that it 's done in the name of God .
Apparently , the " proper application of the rod is essential to the Christian world - view " .
Note " essential " .
Perhaps it should n't come as a surprise .
For , as evangelicals , the Pearls believe that salvation only comes through punishment and pain .
God punishes his Son with crucifixion so that humanity might not have to face the Father 's anger .
This image of God the father , for whom violence is an expression of tough love , is lodged deep in the evangelical imagination .
And it twists a religion of forgiveness and compassion into something dark and cruel .
It 's terrifying how deep this teaching penetrates into a philosophy of child rearing .
Just as divine anger is deemed to be provoked by the original sin of human disobedience , the beating of children is seen as punishment for rebellion .
According to Ted Tripp , in his monstrous bestseller Shepherding a Child 's Heart , even babies who struggle while having their nappy changed are deemed to be rebellious and need punishment .
Last month Lynn Paddock of North Carolina was charged with the murder of her four - year - old son , Sean .
She had apparently beaten him with a length of quarter - inch plumbing line - plastic tubing .
Like many in her church , Paddock had turned to the Pearls ' resources on Biblical parenting .
The Pearls say chastisement with plumbing line is " a real attention getter " .
Sean Paddock 's autopsy describes layers of bruises stretching from his bottom to his shoulder .
What Jesus said about those who would harm children comes inevitably to mind : " It would be better for them if a millstone was hanged about their neck , and that they were drowned in the depth of the sea . "
· Dr Giles Fraser is the vicar of Putney giles.fraser@btinternet.com
